The Legend of Terror
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2014
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

"'Tamara, you have my forgiveness' said Ariel 'for the wrong committed against you. Just go to the light. I'll tell your son about you.' 
With her last breath of air Tamara died with her son held in her arms a smile on her face. Ariel could see that Tamara had accepted her words. The moral of the story is forgiveness."
Snickering laughter was heard from the vampires' King's court as the King was seen seated in his throne chair, giving the story teller as he recalled himself as food slave Nikolai as he was dubbed by the ruler, a bored expression on his face. 
Nikolai continued the story ignoring the laughter sounded from the King's court in their presence "I'm the Forgiver. Confess your crime to me-" 
Nikolai was interrupted by King's court laughing hysterically. Nikolai grunted feeling one of the King's guards thrust him to kneel as the King's court kept on hysterically laughing. He glared at the King with his eyes of a Human in black color looking in annoyance while clad in animal skin pants and nothing else on his form. He recalled as the King's court laughed that he wound up caught in the jungles of Brazil living off land. Nikolai recalled fully that the King's guards the vampire species dubbing themselves Bloody caught up with him spreading lies, according to them, about their species. He recalled that one of the vampires had a sword in hand and appeared to make a show of trying to cut off his neck. Nikolai recalled with disgust that he wound up knocked out unconscious by a sword handle pounding onto the back of his head making him think he was going to die. Helena, his disciple as the Bloodies, another name for the Bloody species, called his female, he recalled from senses cued to her once he was woken up in the King's prison of Rio Pluto, wasn't sensed anywhere to his annoyance. Nikolai kept the glare in response recalling the story was of his Mother's death after birthing him as told to him via Ariel, his Mother's sister. He recalled the story he told included his Mother and Ariel's arrival to Terra, through a mysterious tree in another planetary world she dubbed Aire. Nikolai recalled that Ariel kept on insisting that the story, of Tamara and her arrival to Terra, was true despite people kept on laughing at her. He recalled being told that Tam, his Mother's twin brother was the reason why Tamara and her sister went through the tree, to find him. 
He kept the glare willing himself to calm thinking to himself "Forgiveness will be done to the King." 
He continued to glare at the King recalling fully that Tamara was his Mother who mysteriously wound up pregnant carrying him at the same time she arrived to Terra. He recalled further that Tamara wound up mysteriously had a skin problem with the sunlight and had always hung around the nighttime of the jungles of Brazil while it was asleep and refused to be a daylight creature. Tamara he recalled had seemed to shun the sunlight and had refused to be out in the daylight despite some skin rash hitting her that caused her to avoid the sun like plague. Nikolai kept the glare as he recalled that Ariel acted as Tamara's eyes for daylight duties and helped her birth himself just prior to her passing away from the carrying status including forgiveness spoken. He kept the glare aimed at the King who gave up a loud growling noise. 
He heard the court cut their laughing to get to thrust a leg of a cow onto the floor and heard blaring in his mind speaking "Go eat your dinner jester."
Nikolai felt disgust take hold, found himself crawling to the cow's leg unstopped which he picked up and bit into it several times out of hunger. He recalled fully that the King, Nightwalker as he was dubbed used him as a joker jester to tell stories and jokes to himself and his mysterious hidden court's crowd for food in return before thrown back into a jail cell to stay. Nikolai kept the glare in response as he bit into the cow's leg greedily before it got yanked away from him by a guard he not able to satisfy his hunger. He felt annoyance take hold as the guard thrust him a bucket of liquid that smelled stinky to him and got ordered to drink. Nikolai heard snickering like laughter from the crowd in the Bloodies' King's throne room of the King's residence. He felt himself terribly thirsty wound up sipping a sip only to get it yanked from his hands and dumped over him with its stinky smell still stinking away. Nikolai heard laughter from the crowd along with the King appearing to be hysterically laughing away. 
He felt annoyance take hold as the King flared red eyes to his annoyance and heard blared in his mind "Well jester don't you have any tall tales to tell us hmm?"
Nikolai spoke loudly "I'm the Forgiver. Confess your crime-"
He was interrupted by the King "There's no such thing as forgiveness. Quit your talk on this crap!"
Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line to get a creepy feeling of something familiar he wasn't sure what it was. He frowned but opened his mouth only to get a guard clamping the cow's leg onto it blocking him from talking. He kept the glare as the crowd laughed hysterically to his annoyance. Nikolai kept the glare in response as he sensed the familiar feeling hitting him abruptly he confused to feel. He wound up getting the cow's leg away from his mouth which he clamped his mouth shut and refused to talk despite talking orders from the King to speak. 
Nikolai wound up keeping his mouth into a thin line and refused to speak as the King spoke blasting in his mind "Anyhow throw this jester out of my sight into the dungeon now."
He found the King's order obeyed to get hauled out of the dining hall into the dark streets where he grimaced seeing couples mating with each other all over the place. Nikolai felt disgust seeing male Bloodies mating with females dubbed Sonyas underneath the night shield covering the city. It always remained in eternal darkness to his disgust despite he able to see via night vision of yellow blaring in his eyesight. Nikolai wound up finding the guards collapsing onto the ground as if suffering from some sleepiness. He frowned as he found a black armored figured appearing to look like different from the King's guards, riding towards him on horseback that proceeded gesture for him to get aboard the horse. He obeyed to get onto the horseback behind the knight and clung as the figure rode it out of the city unstopped and going into the daylight pass cars running all over the place and through the shield. Nikolai recalled the familiar feeling hitting him to realize it was something involving his connection to his Father he feeling confused to why it was hitting. He frowned as the armored figure rode the horse onto the road and kept on riding seemingly lengthy all day into the night despite he falling asleep while holding onto the male's sides clinging hard. 

Nikolai woke up feeling himself wet all over to find himself floating in his pool aka lake in Brazil he grunted an annoyed sound at the memory of his freedom by the mysterious armored figure. He forced himself to swim laps back and forth in the lake despite clad in his familiar clothes to swim for his leg muscles. He ignored the crocodiles swimming nearby to continue on swimming till he felt like he had an enough got out of the lake and went to the shore. Nikolai stood with arms folded watching the crocodiles swimming in the lake that had ignored him under the guidance of his own declared to him brother, Victor that was the mysterious armored male on horseback that rescued him. Nikolai found Victor no where in sight as he felt himself annoyed to stomp towards the campground where Victor's horse sat docile chewing on a piece of grass and refused to budge from the spot. He figured the refusal to budge was from Victor's mental control he recalling that Victor demonstrated that he could control the life forms he called the animals in the water for both of them to sleep in cradles, he called them, undisturbed. Nikolai didn't comment a response towards the horse that gave off a neigh sounding annoyed. He ignored the horse and went to sit down near the camp's eater fire trying to dry himself off of his swimming. Nikolai looked around to find Victor seated in a tree in the jungle mess appearing to be napping to him despite the male had managed to keep his armored clothes on and only showing his face to him during the evening hours. Nikolai felt annoyance take hold seeing Victor was napping like he didn't have a care to him. It annoyed him as he warmed himself via the eater fire.
Nikolai recalled "I wound up saying I'm the Forgiver confess your crime to Victor. He rudely cut me off and has refused to talk to me despite showing his face to me."
He eyed Victor he recalled to himself "Victor is actually a son of a Bloody male and an Ancient One female by the looks of him and the way he controlled his speaking ability towards me. I was forced to accept Victor via his appearance of that he wanted to help me. It's just to save my life from the machinations of the Bloodies' King Nightwalker, as he's called himself. Nightwalker is currently stuck in Rio Pluto causing his tricks of being seen as a deity by the restless natives of Brazil who'll do anything for them. He keeps on sounding in my dreams of demanding me back to his presence over and over. Besides I managed to figure out my connection to Victor but its reminding me of my connection towards my parents that created us to existence. I'm not sure of where my parents are as at, at the moment. That despite someone kept on manipulating me to having me going around Brazil as someone called Terror. Hmph. Victor has left the duties of trying to trash the vampires traveling all over Brazil to me and has refused to get involved. Ugh. Victor whined to me that he is still smarting from Helena a Sonya playing the romance card onto him to trick him into giving his deity status towards her in some backwards town which she got the deity status given towards King Nightwalker. A pity that Victor has used that trick to explain why he won't leave Brazil in my face including using authority of him as the Father over me and towards whoever whenever I'm forced to go handle talking to people we meet in public towards others while he hides Argh. No wonder Victor has refused to stop getting involved into this jokey stunt he is playing at the moment. It's a shame he has refused to acknowledge me demanding forgiveness and confessing crimes to people like a Forgiver. It's the same with Victor refusing to get involved with the Sonyas as their dubbed playing Goddess deity tricks as usual onto the Brazilians to believe into their King as some godly being. Ugh."
He ignored his mind's blasting his thoughts loud enough for Victor to hear him he finding the male ignored him as he sat at the eater fire warming himself. He sighed once done wet to get himself dry to flop himself onto the ground while staring at the cloudy sky that was indicating of rain to him. Nikolai sighed feeling the sunlight burst out of the sky to his relief. 
He recalled "The sun can kill Bloody males by turning their bodies to ashes if their exposed to the sun. They can hang around in the rainstorm but not long without suffering from skin rashes." 
He continued to sigh as the sun shined overhead which he ignored till he felt himself sleepy shut his eyes to pass out unconscious only to again dream of Nightwalker flaring red eyes and appearing to be choking him. Nikolai found his arms hurting to his annoyance as he tried to sleep some more. Nikolai came to finding himself woken up by arms appearing to try to pull himself out of his sockets. He grunted to jerk open his eyes to find himself back in King Nightwalker's presence accompanied by Victor disguised as the familiar armored figure to his disgust. He found himself forced to kneel on the floor and arms freed as he kept on glaring at the King. He found Victor's head was uncovered with an all blue eyed look appearing to be sinister was standing next to him that grabbed his long black hair, holding his hair with a hand while having a sword onto his neck. He grunted an annoyed sound recalling of falling asleep while Victor was traveling only to wake up feeling water dripping onto his face. He recalled the water was stinky and smelled bad to him along with finding himself back into King Nightwalker's presence. 
Nikolai kept the glare aimed at King Nightwalker who blared in his mind he hearing "Name your price Bloody, for the returning of this food slave now."
Nikolai heard nothing from Victor in response but felt himself thrust to lie on the floor on his stomach followed by a foot placed onto his back holding him there. 
He heard "I want your forgiveness my King."
Nikolai exhaled a breath hearing Victor's words as he heard silence from the King. He grunted an annoyed sound as there was a sound sounding familiar to him indicating of a Bloody's feeding along with some screaming he heard he confused to what victim Victor chose for feeding off of. He heard snickering laughter while in his position of facing the floor with mouth onto it. Nikolai heard nothing more from the crowd as the foot removed itself followed by straightening up his form to kneel. He finding Victor was standing with a bite wound on his neck while, thrusting a broken in half knife weapon, aimed at the King and running a finger across his throat while indicating who he wanted dead. Nikolai kept his mouth shut as Victor walked out of the room unstopped followed by the crowd appearing to be whispering he finding them pointing fingers aimed at King Nightwalker and making smirking looks aimed at the his direction. Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line as guards went to him and hauled him towards King Nightwalker near the throne chair and got him to kneel in front of them. He frowned as the guards held him in a way like they were baring his neck for the King to feed off. Nikolai kept his mouth shut as the guards brought their guns against his back forcing him to submit to the King's feeding request. Nikolai kept the glare as the King reached out both hands and proceeded to grab him lifting him up while he was still restrained by the guards. He kept on glaring at the King as the male opened his mouth baring his sharp teeth two that were pointed and got it onto his neck. Nikolai grimaced from the pain of the bite. 
He ignored the King's feeding onto him to hear gasps sound to hear from one of the crowds' people loudly "Let it be known that this servant is a food slave to our King himself."
Nikolai recognized the voice as Achilles the King's leader of the guard who had a talking ability despite not using his voice often. He grunted from the pain as the King kept on feeding onto him while seemingly appearing to be draining him to death. Nikolai groaned softly as he felt the King's tongue against the bite wound on his neck followed by let go to drop onto the floor. He found guards in his eyesight as he shook off the dizziness walked up to the King and appeared to be kneeling while waiting for further orders. 
He frowned as Achilles was heard "Hail to Nightwalker, King of Bloodies ruler of us all of Terra as the world is named."
Nikolai shut his eyes and came to from his dizziness feeling a hand patting his cheek he sighed and opened his eyes to glare at the female Sonya standing next to him in the medical bay. 
He glared as she spoke "Your backside is done being medicated for the whipping. Sorry I can't do anything for the bites on your neck."
Nikolai got up in response and spoke ignoring the Sonya with her companion ogling his muscular body he ordered by the King to keep it fit for used as a food slave "Just leave and stop staring at me."
He found his order obeyed by Sonya twins both nurses ordered to care for his injuries and health. Nikolai went to a locker to put on his black suited clothes and shoes then brushed his black straight hair. He walked out of the jail cell escorted by the guards to go to the elevator recalling it wasn't time for him to feed Nightwalker, despite he still kept as food slave. Nikolai felt annoyance take hold recalling that Nightwalker let him have freedom to wander around Rio Pluto as a food slave but had refused to let him leave the city to go into the sunlight on days when he craved the sun. 
Nikolai once in the elevator spoke ignoring the familiar four guards "Home."
He willed aside his disgust feeling the elevator going up. He sighed once it reached his residence penthouse in the building and without a word walked out of the elevator. He went to his office to his desk and poured himself a drink of orange as it was called by the Bloodies one of the nourishments that food slaves were required to drink to keep their blood healthy. 
He sipped the drink grimacing from the tart taste he recalling "I drank this alcoholic drink beer to help me avoid being used as food slave by renegade vampires who always got sick from me having it in their system. Hell, I wound up suffering from the lack of the trying to stay sober and caused too much trouble in a shanty town for being a drunkard. I restored my sober status once withdrawn from the alcoholic drink. I'm back in Rio Pluto as food slave while Victor is out stirring up trouble. He better be someone in Brazil causing up trouble-"
Nikolai interrupted his thought sensing Nightwalker within vicinity of his residence via the familiar feelings of dread hitting him to speak loudly "Greetings what brings you here hmm?"
He turned around to find Nightwalker standing in the office with a red eyed glare making him annoyed to see from the King as if the male overheard his thoughts. 
He glared at Nightwalker in response he recalled "I'm always managed to be immune to the King's mental mind tricks despite he kept on blasting talk into my mind via eyes' change."
Nikolai kept the glare in response as he felt his arms grabbed by the King's familiar guards and got the orange drink dumped into his mouth forced open along with hearing the King's blaring voice in his mind to swallow the drink. He grunted in response forcing himself to will the orange drink through his nose and found it spilling out in a fast move in response. Nikolai coughed once done spilling to find the guards gathered around Nightwalker having arms folded and giving him a familiar glare he recognized he wanted him to admit something. 
He spoke while ignoring the orange's drink dripping down his nose "What is it you want now?"
He glared at Nightwalker in response to find him blasting in his mind speaking "Admit it that you used this nose trick to avoid being fed drinks you don't care to gulp down regardless of how much force it was."
Nikolai spoke with sarcasm despite there a roaring within the back of his mind he feeling the King was growling "So? Shouldn't you be able to do this trick yourself?"
He glared as Nightwalker blared spoke "Don't be sarcastic with me, Nicky."
He sighed hearing the name of Nicky, Nightwalker used onto him from time to time whenever he was furious with something and wanted to take it out onto him by feeding and using his fists onto him.
Nikolai spoke in response "What's gotten you to throw a hissy fit this time-"
He was interrupted "Hissy fit my seat Nicky. Just admit it that trick involving avoiding being poisoned."
He sighed hearing the voice tone of the King sounding in his mind to indicate that he was upset again and was taking it out onto him. 
Nikolai spoke firmly "I learned that trick from dear old Daddy himself."
He glared at Nightwalker in response as he heard "I'm the great Nightwalker! I'm the greatest King as there is! You will obey me and my orders without questioning them!"
Nikolai rubbed a hand on his forehead hearing Nightwalker's familiar annoying blaring words sounding in his mind. He eyed Nightwalker warily to find him roaring loudly he grimaced from the noise via his ears he not sure of what he was saying. He ignored Nightwalker to go to his desk to pick up a cloth wiping his mouth and face with it till he felt his arms grabbed again. He grunted an annoyed sound as a pill was dumped into his mouth followed by forced to swallow it. Nikolai recalled his trick to get the pill out of his stomach as in having it travel down his body's front and coming out of his bellybutton he did towards such pills popped into his mouth. He ignored the pill felt traveling slowly down to the bellybutton as he glared at Nightwalker who got his guards escorting him. 
Nikolai glared as Nightwalker spoke "So explain that trick of pills coming out of your bellybutton now."
He sighed and spoke firmly after again hearing the familiar roaring sounding in his mind "Didn't anybody bothered to teach you how to do that trick hmm?"
He glared at Nightwalker as his disciples formed fear looks and faded from view after hearing the King giving off a loud roar sounding angry to him. 
Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line as Nightwalker blared in his mind in an angry voice spoke "No! Your Father as you refer the Ancient One didn't teach me anything!"
Nikolai grunted an annoyed sound and kept the glare aimed at Nightwalker's use of Ancient One to refer to the first Human declared slave on Terra used as food slave.
He kept on glaring as Nightwalker gave up another roar then he spoke "Something got you upset again?"
Nikolai got in response "It was Beatrice as she refers herself that had to teach me bits about the Goddess running supreme in Brazil among the restless natives and not about some damned deity in a male view! So get that pill out of you now!"
He obeyed to find the pill had reached his bellybutton which he undid his top and yanked out the medicine to throw it onto the desk. 
He kept the glare aimed at Nightwalker who spoke "I figured out what happened to your Father the Ancient One. Aren't you curious to know what I figured out?"
Nikolai spoke in response to the familiar argument Nightwalker kept bringing up whenever the male indicated he had an argument with Beatrice his Sonya female "I already know what happened to my Father. Don't need you to tell me that. So drop the subject now and get this feeding over with. I was oath by Achilles that you wouldn't be staying with me in here."
He glared at Nightwalker who opened his mouth to speak only to see him fade from view while sensing he was angry about something from the food connection towards the male. He ignored Nightwalker's familiar roaring of anger sounding within the building to pour himself another cup of orange and sipped the drink entirely down he grimacing from the taste. Nikolai felt cat's paws onto his shoulder followed by a familiar meow sounding in his ear. He sighed finding Annie hiding in the room as always had come out of hiding to sit on his shoulder announcing her presence. Nikolai ignored Annie the cat that rubbed her face onto the side of his head followed by giving off a loud yowl and darting off of him. He heard a loud Tsk sound from behind him to sigh turning around to face the butler Owen standing there with a look of disapproval on the Bloody's face. 
Nikolai spoke in response "I didn't call for you, Owen."
He glared at Owen who spoke in response in a monotone voice "Actually Master there's a stinky smell coming from this room indicating of something. I'm pretty sure it's not related to Annie your cat again."
Nikolai thrust the cup down without a word and spoke as he walked up towards Owen "Just make sure it's not Annie as your claiming its being. I'll be in the public bathroom cleaning this stink off of me."
He ignored Owen giving off another Tsk sound which he continued walked out of his office intending to leave only to find the butler following while kept on giving off his familiar noises. 
Nikolai felt like he had an enough of the following spoke firmly "Something I should know?"
He found Owen disappearing from view in response as he heard the King's roar sounding of Owen's name to him. He gave up a loud Hmph sound and went to the public bathroom in the hallway to find Victor inside still clad in his familiar armor with arms folded and giving him a glare with eyes all blue. 
He spoke as Victor gave him a narrowed eyed look while appearing to be wrinkling his nose "Don't ask."
Nikolai ignored Victor he thinking to himself "Victor told me not to ask how he got around the King's residence to talk to me."
He got into the shower stall after stripping himself of the clothes he threw out into the hallway along with the shoes for Owen to pick up later. He scrubbed himself as well as he could while finding himself spied on by Victor he ignored. Nikolai got out of the shower stall once done finding Victor quit the nose wrinkling to his relief. He found Victor coming up to him and appearing to be sniffing his shoulder. 
Nikolai pushed Victor away from him while snarling "Cut it out with the sniffing now Victor!"
He gave Victor a glare to hear in response "Wannabe get out of this stinking room now!"
He exhaled a breath hearing Nightwalker's words to find Victor without a word faded from view as Nightwalker walked inside slamming the door with a bang sound. He grimaced from the noises. 
He heard as the door shut "Nikolai stinks!"
Nikolai gave up a loud roar in response only to cut himself off when Nightwalker gave him a red eyed glare underneath the dim lights of the public bathroom. He without a word wound up putting on his familiar clothes he finding Beatrice, Nightwalker's female still clad in her cover up dress joining them into the bathroom. He didn't comment a response as Beatrice jabbed a finger aimed at him and made shooing gestures. Nikolai heard from the King a loud roar sounding of get out to him. Nikolai marched to his office to sniff finding the area smelled of Annie's litter box aka Dumperium as he referred her bathroom as usual. He ignored the stink to find Owen next to him giving off his familiar Tsk sound.
Nikolai spoke in response "What?!"
He glared at Owen who spoke "Office and Annie's bathroom needs to be cleaned sir. So see yourself elsewhere at the moment while the staff attends to the Dumperium as you call it."
He gave up a loud Hmph in response only to get from Owen "Removal of Annie is required Master."
Nikolai didn't say a word in response went into the office and found Annie seated on his chair that gave up a loud meow sounding annoyed to him. He picked up Annie squirming and carried her out of the room finding Owen no where in sight. He sighed once Annie's squirming got too much and placed the cat onto the floor to find her jumping onto his shoulder and giving a loud ear shattering meow. Nikolai grimaced from the yowl to groan and without a word went to his personal elevator he finding Annie jumping off and darting out once he was inside. 
He willed himself to be calm and spoke "Bed."
Nikolai found the elevator going down instead of going up to his annoyance. He grunted an annoyed sound to glare at the two guards in the elevator with him that remained standing with blank expressions on their faces ignoring him glaring at them. 
Nikolai heard snickering like laughter sounding within his mind he grunted out "Not another joke by you again? I'm the Forgiver. Confess your crime now."
He got nothing in response to the laughter once it quit to find the elevator stopped at a floor he recognized belonged to the King's pool room which he walked out. He made a beeline to the pool's room to stand with arms folded waiting impatiently for the guards dump whoever they were going to dump via gangplank high above. He found his patience rewarded when a light was seen above followed by a loud splash into the pool. Nikolai kept his mouth shut into a thin line as he heard sputtering from a voice sounding familiar to him that reminded him of Victor's to his annoyance. He found Victor coming out of the pool with armor wet a glare on the male's face he noticing disgust seen. 
He glared at Victor to speak "Nightwalker habitually orders guards to dump whoever irks him into the pool from time to time. Anyway what did you do this time to get the King upset with you hmm?"
Nikolai kept the glare aimed at Victor who spoke in response "Nothing! I just ordered the guards to help me find my horse to transport me to home out of the city! They dumped me here in response to that order! I don't even get it why the King is still keeping me around despite me playing a game of hide and seek with the guards and my ability to hide in plain sight all over the city!"
He sighed recognizing that Victor was whining about being used as a toy for the King's guards to hunt kept his mouth into a thin line and folded his arms waiting for him to further speak. 
He didn't have to wait as Victor spoke again "You think its funny you stinking Bloodies?!"
Nikolai in response walked away while hearing nothing from the guards and Victor's comment he ignored. He walked out of the pool's room to his personal elevator to again give up the command for bed. Nikolai felt the elevator going up followed by stopping at his office's floor showing Victor in the hallway having glare on his face. He sighed seeing Victor was having a golden eyed glare aimed at him. He walked out of the elevator and got Victor walking up towards him to halt his walk followed by the male sniffing his shoulder. 
He spoke "Something you want to say?"
"Don't mind me, Daddy." He heard from Victor sounding like his dream again as the male added "When's the last time you got laid hmm?"
Nikolai glared at Victor in response to hear sounding in his mind "You stink like you need to mate from the smell of you."
He glared hearing the guard's familiar voice sounding in his mind while he was asleep who added after quitting the sniffing "Go get laid, Daddy."
Nikolai gave up a loud Hmph in response and entered the elevator speaking his bed command. He felt the elevator going up in response but this time appeared to be going to his rooftop to his confusion. He growled an annoyed sound to walk out of the elevator onto the helicopter pad to find his female Helena there wringing her waist length hair in a tail while appearing to be removing water out of it. 
Nikolai walked up to Helena to find her halted her wringing to appear to sniff with her nose followed by her speaking "Why am I smelling your bonding scent from you, dear?"
He sighed once halted with his walking to snarl "My son pointed out that I need to get laid. I was on the way to my sleeping quarters but someone manipulated the elevator to reach the helipad deck. What are you doing here anyway? I thought-"
Helena interrupted "Just get yourself away from me now! Your smell is triggering my mating urges to take control!"
He ignored Helena in response went back into the elevator and again gave his bed command only to find the elevator going down to the medical bay as if compelled to find one of the Sonyas was in the room alone that stripped off a bathrobe baring her body to him. Nikolai didn't say a word in response as the female once naked went up to him and proceeded to strip him of his clothes which he ignored. He looked away once she got him to lie down on to the bed and proceeded to straddle him. He sighed softly as she got himself inside her and was rocking him. Nikolai rolled his eyes in response from the rocking as he felt charges of pleasure coming from being inside the female. He sighed loudly once he spilled himself inside the female only to find her getting off of him in a fast move and darting away. Nikolai heard giggling sounds sounding faint becoming louder and louder making him confused till he came to shaking his head of sleepiness while lying on the bench of the jail on his stomach. He sighed from the dream Nightwalker always gave him from feeding off of him to fall unconscious that always involved treating him better and giving him mating dreams. Nikolai didn't say a word in response as the dream continued to show two Sonyas. One got him to sit up from his lying position baring his back followed by one of them proceeded to strip herself of her sexy nurse's clad uniform baring a naked body. He sighed as the female got herself straddling him and sighed again feeling himself entering her he recalling it was on the King's orders for him to remain contained in a jail cell and only given delusions of dreams some pleasant and some annoying. Nikolai kept his mouth shut while sighing from the dream, as he felt the female running herself up and down his sensitive part. He gave out a loud sigh once spilling himself inside her and didn't protest as she got off of him to put on her sexy clad nurse's outfit again. Nikolai felt himself still itching to mate found the other female Sonya copying the first female and mating with him. He didn't say a word in response as the mating was done followed by handed his familiar gonoid skin clothes as he shook sleepiness from his eyes. He obeyed to put on his familiar gonoid skins he grimacing from the pain via his neck's bite wounds. Nikolai didn't comment a response as the guards got into the jail cell and hauled him out still shaking sleepiness from his form. He kept his words to himself as the guards hauled him through stairwells to the King's familiar bathing and shower room. Nikolai kept the glare aimed at the guards as they got him to kneel onto the floor and faded from view as he found himself alone hearing the sounds of showering to him. He kept on hearing a lengthy showering along with moaning sounds of mating to him via the room while he was outside within the doorway. He felt annoyance take hold as Beatrice the King's mate left the room clad in her familiar covered up dress she balking on showing what she looked like to anyone but the King himself. Nikolai ignored Beatrice to focused onto the door as if needing to do it to find the King walking out naked and baring his muscular body that was still wet from showering. He kept the glare aimed at Nightwalker as the male grabbed him via the shoulders and proceeded to feed off of his neck he finding himself falling into another dream by the King's mental mind trick.

Nikolai wound up dreaming of himself walking to the elevator giving the command for Home to find it going up followed by doors opening to show Owen the butler standing there. He went to his office to find tape blocking the doors keeping it shut. Nikolai glared at Owen who kept giving off the Tsk sound.
Owen spoke "Office is being cleaned of Annie's Dumperium and mess as you call it Master."
He gave up a loud Hmph in response walked to the TV room to find the TV on blaring while seeing Victor seated in the couch wearing a long business jacket instead of his familiar armor on his form while lolling on the couch. 
He spoke "So what's going on with you here and not out in the jungle?"
Nikolai got from his brother in response "Greetings Nikolai. Your King Nightwalker as he refers himself left Brazil in a big mess of who to rule them at the moment. Brazil's president has been declared dead in a car explosion at the moment when it's a stunt to get him as a food slave by the King in question."
He sighed from his brother's use of dreams to communicate with him while he was out asleep by the King's mental trick after used as a food slave. 
Nikolai spoke "So what does that have to do with me-"
Victor interrupted "Actually your King wound up having the President's own brother declared dead in a helicopter explosion. It's just an attempt for him to take control of Brazil via the presidency way with a puppet to do what he wants. The restless natives of Brazil fell for the King's trick of dictatorship done onto the President. They didn't agree with the President and he wound up being declared dead. The rest of Terra's Columbia continent is now in a hissy fit on who to rule Brazil while the United States has been spouting garbage on already having annexed the nation as one of its states in place via the TV's commercials."
He spoke recalling Talia, Nightwalker's daughter "What about this Talia in-"
He was again interrupted "This Beatrice in question has refused to let her mate Nightwalker himself put Talia in the Presidency's title for Brazil at the moment. The Bloodies in question aware of the situation and aware of Talia is throwing a hissy fit in response to that balking attitude her Mother is displaying at the moment. It's why Nightwalker is furious at the moment and blowing a temper tantrum onto you such as using you as a puncher while you're out asleep."
Nikolai groaned and spoke "Then simply have yourself take the Presidency title."
He got Victor giving him an all black eyed glare making him nervous as always despite he the elder brother. 
Nikolai got from Victor in response "Too late I have already been declared dead among the Brazilians. The Bloodies won't take me, a freak back into the city of Rio Pluto by this deadness status. Instead they've kept me out in response."
Nikolai inhaled to speak "You want me to take the Presidency of Brazil once-"
"Absolutely not!" He got interrupted by Victor who added "You will not do that!"
Nikolai glared at Victor in response as the male added "The Ancient One made it clear that the Lower Ones as vessels of him comes first then ruling some pathetic country at the moment."
Nikolai spoke in response "Then why are you telling me this useless information?"
Victor, he saw gave him a narrowed eyed glare making him nervous unexpectedly as his brother spoke "What the Ancient One says you should know you'll be told of it. Don't question me again my brother. And do something about the trashy junk on your mind at the moment. Excuse me while I see myself out."
He found Victor standing up and disappearing in a light show making him groan softly. Nikolai kneeled and rubbed hands onto the top of his head and ran hands through his hair he finding himself back into his jail cell shaking dizziness from his eyesight as his neck whined of pain to him. He heard squeaking sounds of a wheelchair from the hallway forced himself to stand up willing himself to be calm. 
He mentally spoke to himself "Not in front of the Bloodies."
Nikolai went to lie onto the bed only to hear "Hey! Get up!"
He sighed hearing the guards' voices sounding in unison to get up without a word and went to sit in the wheelchair feeling its chains clamp over his arms and legs. Nikolai glared at the guards in response as he was ignored. 
He found himself ignored as the guards walked pushing his wheelchair out of the room and figured to himself "I might as well go take a nap."
Nikolai shut his eyes and mentally recalled his dream of living freely. 
He dreamed he entered the elevator and spoke "Bed."
Nikolai felt the elevator for real going up then stopped with a fast jerk. He sighed as the elevator doors opened to focus within his mind his private sanctuary bedroom having a hallway leading to a door to that room. He went to the door in his mind as the wheelchair was felt wheeling into the King's familiar throne room by the metallic echoing. He in his mind waved a hand using mental abilities and found the door opening followed by a blur of black along with cat paws felt onto his shoulder and an ear splitting yowl. Nikolai sighed feeling the King's pet cat on his shoulder shaking him from his focus which he found the guards wheeled him into the King's throne room he hearing the door bang shut with a gentle slam sound. He ignored the cat sitting on his shoulder to focus onto his mind of himself going through the sitting room into the bedroom that didn't have any windows of daylight seen. Nikolai eyed his bedroom that appeared to look like a cave complete with walls of dirt as if compelled to dream it. He went to the mattress holding his pillows and blankets in his mind as the cat was removed off of him. Nikolai in his mind laid himself down onto the bed and shut his eyes hearing water sounds of Brazil's water falls falling in a soft soothing tone from memory of it. He kept his mind onto the image of a waterfall as the King's familiar teeth were again felt onto his neck he groaned softly from the pain distracting him. Nikolai kept his mouth into a grimace as the King was felt again draining him till he found himself floating above his body. Nikolai frowned as the King lifted up his body and threw it away from him with a look of disgust on his face. He found himself back into his body groaning of pain while feeling feet kicking him awake into the stomach. Nikolai jerked open his eyes to glare at Achilles standing over him that was kicking him. 
He kept the glare aimed at Achilles that leaned down speaking while moving his mouth he hearing "Give me one good reason why my King should keep you alive? He says your job as his food slave has reached its end so talk on why he should spare you hmm?"
Nikolai gave up a loud spit sound of disgust and heard blared in his mind "Just get him dumped into the jungle now! Let the foodies handle feeding off his useless body!"
He grunted in response to fight with the guards who grabbed his arms and hauled him out of the King's residence. He kept on yanking himself against the guards' hand holds feeling his arms nearly out of their sockets in their ironclad grips. Nikolai gave the guards a glare as they got him into a vehicle restrained with them escorting. He peered through the windows to find the vehicle driving all over the place avoiding couples seen mating on the roads to his disgust. Nikolai glared at the guards as the vehicle arrived to the familiar waste deposal plant on the edges of the city boarding a lake he recognizing it and grunted an annoyed sound as the guards got him out of the vehicle. He again struggled in their hands' holds as they got him into the waste deposal plant and hauled him to the familiar waste water's pool he grimacing from the stink. Nikolai kept on struggling with vain to free himself as the guards threw him into the pool he feeling it drain into a whirlpool with him included. Nikolai found his swimming useless to his annoyance as the whirlpool drained him into a tunnel he unable to catch his breath. He found his breathing cut off once thrust into the tunnel to find the water kept on pushing him in a direction all over the place. He restrained his urges to breathe as the tunnel seemed lengthy before it dumped him into a lake via hole in the rocky wall. Nikolai grunted from the water feeling disgusting to him and swam up to the surface it yellow colored to find the sunlight shining overhead. He sighed and forced himself to swim to the lake's beach finding crocodiles sitting on there that ignored him and appeared to not want to eat him to his relief. He grunted a fist aimed at the city and with his stinky self walked into the jungle forcing himself to find another lake for washing. Nikolai didn't have long to walk when a horse's whinny sounded loudly he looking around to find Victor with armor covering him coming into view on horseback. 
He spoke firmly "What's the point of this forgiveness talk of being a forgiver anyway? Besides I need a bath."
Nikolai got gestured to come by Victor's hand obeyed to walk further into the jungle while smelling himself stinky of waste to his disgust. He found Victor led him to a river that was brown in color he finding it appeared clearly brown via the bottom and not that deep to him. Nikolai didn't comment a response to find Victor holding up a hand in a gesture to stop and wait while noticing the male was eyeing the river. He eyed the river in response to see the brown remove itself off the bottom of the low river showing multiple crocodiles to his disgust. He grunted an annoyed sound as he counted too many to count crocodiles swimming away from the low bottom leaving plants in place including gathering at a pond the river ended in. Nikolai grunted as Victor jabbed a finger aimed at him and towards the river which he obeyed to get into the water finding it was waist deep. He ducked underneath feeling relieved to have the water wash away the stink. Nikolai once he was sure of being cleaned walked out towards Victor to stand next to the male he finding the crocodiles resuming their places on the bottom of the river from them swimming into sight and becoming still. 
He ignored the crocodiles as Victor was heard "Get onto the horse now."
Nikolai obeyed to cling himself towards Victor he finding himself sleepy in response groaned softly and shut his eyes.
Nikolai dreamed of being in the King's throne room watching the King sagged in the throne chair asleep with loud noises he confused to hear that sounded of people chattering to him. 
He grimaced from the loud tone to find the noises shut itself off followed by the King waking up glaring red eyes "I need that on to sleep!"
He found Beatrice still wearing her covered up dress in the room holding onto the device in her hand he sighed recalling the familiar argument Nightwalker complained to him about during a break of feeding. He groaned as both proceeded to get into an argument on the radio's volume followed by Beatrice walking out of the room door heard slamming with the device seen in hand. Nikolai found the King managed to get up moving to the door in some slow move like he was sick with something and yanking it open to find Beatrice behind it thrusting the device onto him in a throwing move who caught it. 
He sighed hearing from Beatrice "When are you going to rest in bed from your poisoning?"
Nikolai saw Nightwalker had a glare on his face he recognizing the look was of accusation as Beatrice without an answer to her question in response backed up out of sight. He found Nightwalker in response slammed the door and clicked the device with a beep sound which he again heard the familiar noises of people's chattering that sounded of laughter and his own voice speaking his own stories. 
Nikolai eyed Nightwalker in response who after a lengthy sit on the throne wound up slow walked out of the room slamming the door he hearing from a guard "Nightwalker's a creepy guy."
Nikolai found the scene going black in response to dream his familiar dream of mating with a familiar female he recognized as Helena his female he paired himself as his mate before she disappeared mysteriously. 
He smiled in his sleep as Helena as he called her proceeded to mouth his sensitive part in his dream only to hear "Ew! That's disgusting! Can't you think of something else?!"
Nikolai tore himself away from his dream to found himself on a beach facing two figures wearing robes of white while standing in water with humanoid like faces Nightwalker's red like eyes. He glared at the two figures he recognized as the Sages to find the female was the speaker that spoke the comment.
He spoke "Something you want with me since you interrupted something important here?"
Nikolai glared in response to get from the female Yana sounding disgusted "I don't see how you males can stand that disgusting thing happening by females. Yuck. Can't you think of something else than that jokey scene?"
He spoke sensing the Source of his communication to the Sages was in control "Just get to the point and let me dream my disgusting thing as you call it."
He glared at Yana who spoke "We're not responsible for calling you here. Just face Ducky."
Nikolai sighed hearing Yana's term for Father as Ducky to turn to his left to find his Father aka Ancient One with All Seeing powers standing with arms folded a glare on his face. 
He gulped as his father spoke "My son, your mind is really dirty."
Nikolai again gulped hearing his father's comment sounding like his Father had disapproval in the voice tone as the male added "Anyway that's not why I called you here to talk on dirtiness of people's minds as whined by our children the Soulers."
Nikolai frowned but didn't say a word in response as he figured that his Father would get to the point followed by the Ancient One speaking "So talk to me what did you dream of Nightwalker now? I sensed you dreaming of him again in your mind."
Nikolai sighed and spoke the dream of Nightwalker acting like he was sick towards his father finding Ancient One added "And what else you're not admitting hmm?"
He spoke firmly "I had a dream of Nightwalker and his mate Beatrice getting into a hissy fit on his choice of where he was sleeping. He was using some kind of voices recorder to help him sleep. Not sure why."
Nikolai clamped his mouth shut in response as his Father spoke "Hissy fit? Hmph. You're in denial that Nightwalker is playing the poor pity me card onto you again via mental link dreams he threw into your mind when he fed off you. Next time you dream, dream of something else than acts of sex. And you back into Rio Pluto-"
He interrupted "Please not that!"
Ancient One, he saw held up a hand he found himself choking to get from his Father "You will do what I say regarding Nightwalker and your dreams. You will accept being food slave to Nightwalker without a complaint. You will see yourself back into Rio Pluto now. Or I'll sicken my guards to hunt you all over Brazil to toss you into that stinky pool over and over till you agree to my plans."
He gulped gasping for air to find himself able to breathe to speak firmly while eyeing his Father's eyes "I agree to what you said regarding Nightwalker and Rio Pluto."
Nikolai felt himself upset as his Father in response forced his eyes shut which he again continued to dream of Helena mouthing him all over not sparing his sensitive part while hearing repeated "Ew! That's disgusting!"
He sighed from the comments from Yana speaking from his dream of Helena to focus his mind onto something else only to hear a familiar alarm clock blaring loudly along with a cat's yowling in his ear. He groaned forcing his eyes to open to find the alarm clock's time in the jail cell he confused to how he got there. He found the time was indicating a morning hour two hours early than his normal wake up time of eight o'clock in the morning. Nikolai groaned shaking sleep from his head to feel the King's cat pouncing onto his front he figured was from the guards' settling off laser lights to cause Annie he dubbed her to pounce all over him. He got up in a fast move and found the laser lights continued all over the benched bed as Annie pounced. He sighed and ignored Annie's pouncing to go into the wheelchair and got chained to it. Nikolai groaned as he was wheeled to the King's private bathing room to find the male was in the middle of taking off his clothes. Nikolai sighed feeling the cold air in the room cooling him despite the jail cell set on a high heat temps to make him sweat too much to bother to sleep much. He groaned once the King was done with the scrubbing and shampooing via bathing to walk out to put on his familiar clothes of his dressed skirt and sandals including headgear. He found the King was walking normally this time to his annoyance as he was again fed by the male making him have dizziness. Nikolai found the guards pushed him out of the room as the King left the bathroom to his familiar jail cell. He found his efforts to sleep balked by a guard still having Annie continue her pouncing game the cat indicating she didn't want to quit. He ignored Annie felt pouncing all over his back as he lay on the benched bed groaning softly from the pain of his neck being bit. Nikolai rolled over feeling Annie digging her claws onto his side followed by rolling onto his back to stare at the ceiling. He grunted as he used his mind to open a door and shut it closed behind him while forcing himself to daydream with eyes shut.
"Elevator in motion." He heard from the computer when he tried to open the doors using mental abilities via his mind of daydreaming of an elevator. 
Nikolai grunted an annoyed sound to stand with arms folded waiting impatiently for the elevator to arrive. He found the elevator didn't take too long instead arrived to him with Victor inside giving him an all black eyed glare. Nikolai walked inside finding Victor was still looking angry to him and giving off growling noises. 
He ignored Victor and spoke "Lobby."
Nikolai found the elevator going down without a word from Victor. He walked out of the elevator once it reached the lobby to find Victor still clad in his armor walking out he noticing his brother had willed aside the all black eyed look. Nikolai willed aside his anger as he again felt Annie pouncing onto his front. He ignored Annie's pouncing to focus within his mind of himself walking out of the elevator to get outside to find the familiar limo van sitting there waiting for the both of them to enter. He found Victor inside seated in a chair and looking annoyed to see him who gave the male a glare as he got inside. 
Nikolai recalled a dream of Nightwalker's orders spoke as if compelled "I'm having the both of you thrown into one of Brazil's naval warships-"
He was interrupted "Daddy don't you dare do that to me!"
He willed forwards the red eyed glare to glare at a male Bloody he recognized as Nightwalker's son in response hearing silence from Victor as he added "You're both causing me too much trouble with your fighting and arguments over the simplest thing. You're both going into the military who will discipline you. I already know how well able bodied you are Sodom so drop joke of you being an invalid when your not."
Nikolai glared at Sodom with a narrowed eyed glare to find his son snarling "Gomorrah you blabbed didn't you-"
He interrupted "Not Gomorrah. I have ways of seeing what I need to see regarding the both of you. I know that you're not as invalid as you claim to be Sodom. Gomorrah didn't say anything at all, Sodom."
Nikolai willed aside the Source he dubbed the red eyed look and found Sodom not saying a word in response as the limo arrived to a familiar warship he saw belonged to the United States and not to Brazil to his annoyance. He found the limo's doors opening followed by army men in combat fatigues hauling out Sodom minus wheelchair sputtering out growling noises. He heard nothing from Gomorrah in response as the male was hauled out of the limo. He peered out the window finding the army men shut the limo doors and hauled both males up the gangplank in a fast move. 
Nikolai heard in response "Where to Master?"
He sighed and recalled his home in Rio Pluto capital of Brazil as if compelled as named that to speak "Rio Pluto now and make it snappy."
Nikolai heard in response from the driver "Affirmative Master."
He sighed and peered out the window as the limo drove through the seaport city to stop in another covered parking garage showing another limo parked there appearing to be a long length sedan. Groaning he got out of the limo van and entered the sedan to find Victor inside still clad in his familiar clothes but this time thrust him a bottle of red blood he saw he assumed was alcohol. 
He spoke "No thanks I'm trying not to drink, brother dear."
Nikolai got Victor in response tossing aside the bottle to hear it shatter against the window leaving a brown smear instead of a red smear. 
He sighed and got from Victor in response "Trying not to drink? Would that have something to do with trying to please yourself as a food slave for Nightwalker's craziness? Including daydreaming of him dumping his own sons onto the military in a naval warship?"
Nikolai spoke in response as he pulled out a bottle of orange and uncapped it "Crazy or not he's still my Master as ordered by the Ancient One to accept period despite my disgust."
He brought the orange bottle to his lips only to get Victor slamming a hand over it halting his process and giving him an all black eyed glare in response.
Nikolai spoke "Alright! The Ancient One via dreams told me to accept Nightwalker as my master and I as his food slave while stuck in Rio Pluto! It's driving me crazy not having my freedom hence I acting like a lunatic as you seemed to know I'm doing at the moment!"
He glared at Victor who removed his hand and spoke "Drink up, Nicky."
Nikolai ignored the voice sounding of the guard's voice despite the use of his hated nickname of Nicky instead gulped down the drink via bottle to his lips. He shook his head from the daydream to feel a guard forcing him to drink a familiar drink of cow's milk via bottle onto his lips. Nikolai grunted in response as the guard got him to drink the bottle's contents entirely. Nikolai shook his head and resumed daydreaming once he permitted to lie down by a guard. He again daydreamed of himself drinking orange juice once done place the bottle back underneath the armrest of the limo. He found Victor disappearing in a light show to groan while leaning back rubbing a hand over his forehead only to find the limo stopping with a jerk along with a sound of metal crunching in front of him. Nikolai jerked away his hand to find the limo in front of him had an indentation of a car plowing into it found the car doors refused to give or open to his pounding onto it. He recalled the Source his called mental abilities, willed it in control and got a door open away from the car's indentation to find the driver meeting him outside that grabbed his arm and got him away from the limo in a fast speed move. Nikolai peered at the limo behind them to see eater fire spurting from the roof only to get thrust onto the ground with several bodies felt falling on top as there was an explosion sounding loudly in a loud roaring noise sounding of the King's familiar roar. Nikolai shook himself of the daydream he again grimacing finding himself used as food to the King again to his disgust. 
Nikolai mentally yelled "Help me!"
He heard snicker like laughter in response to hear "Pathetic! Food slave whining! Toss him into the garbage for that whining now!"
Nikolai again found himself tossed into the familiar pool and sucked into the tunnel into the familiar yellow lake in the glare of stormy clouds. He grunted an annoyed sound to stomp out of the lake he smelling himself stinky. 
Nikolai spoke loudly towards the sky "Help me!"
His plea went unanswered as his arms were grabbed by the King's familiar guards who hauled him back into the city despite the rains fell hard. He kept on fighting with the guards as they hauled him into the city the stinky smell washing him via the rains. Nikolai kept finding himself again used as a food slave by the King once he was in presence in Nightwalker. He groaned finding himself used as a food slave by the King repeatedly with games of dumping him into the waste water's plant's tunnel repeatedly dumped into the lake after each help me comment spoken. Nikolai felt annoyance take hold once he was tossed into his jail cell by the guards and left to dry in the sticky heat. He groaned while lying on the jail's floor forcing himself to keep on repeating his help me comment over and over till a foot connect with his throat cutting off his breathing getting him to look at Achilles' sneering face. Nikolai cut his talk keeping his mind blank in response while glaring at Achilles with anger running through him. 
He kept the glare aimed at Achilles who removed his foot off his neck and leaned down speaking "Give me one good reason why I should spare your life for your pathetic annoying whining now."
Nikolai spoke firmly while eyeing Achilles in the eyes "I'm just a damn food slave Achilles-"
He was interrupted by Achilles holding up a fist and giving him a glare who spoke "Don't mention the name of Achilles to me again Nikolai."
Nikolai spoke in response "So? I'm just a food slave who's stuck being a toy for the King. Shouldn't you be challenging him for the throne Achilles?"
He got a roar from Achilles followed by the male throwing a fist into his face he giving off snickering in response while adding "So shouldn't a great powerful warrior like you be King while Nightwalker is nothing but a junkie addicted to feeding off of me."
He kept on snickering as Achilles gave him a glare and faded from view he finding himself alone in the jail cell to find a guard coming into view thrusting him a familiar milk bottle onto his front. Nikolai sensed disgust from the guard as he without a word gulped the drink of milk he feeling himself much better from it.
He spoke tossing aside the bottle hearing it smash onto the wall "I'm just a food slave, a toy for the King to amuse himself while getting addicted to feeding off of me."
Nikolai found the guard in response no where in sight to hear a familiar roar of the King's voice to frown hearing it getting nearer and nearer. He kept on eyeing the jail cell's door while frowning as the door slid open showing Nightwalker clad in his familiar skirt making him snicker loudly. 
He found Nightwalker's voice blasting in his mind "So you find me funny to look at food slave?"
Nikolai spoke firmly while eyeing Nightwalker in the eyes seeing them red "I'm just a food slave a toy for you to amuse yourself and get addicted to feeding off of."
He again gave up his familiar snickering sounds to lean back on the bench to feel a fist next to his head he finding the King was inches away from him leaning over him hand sensed near his head. 
Nikolai formed a frown keeping himself silent as Nightwalker straightened up his form to blast in his mind "Interesting conclusion that you would think of that food slave. Is there a particular reason you want to admit to why you're my food slave hmm?"
He kept his mouth shut into a thin line as an image flashed into his mind he saw was of a male with long night sky colored hair, facial hair of a mustache and beard with twin colored hair and furry cloud sky clothes on his form covering him up from the neck down. 
Nikolai frowned feeling himself confused to why he was getting the image in his mind as Nightwalker was heard blasting "Feeding time."
He wound up throwing a fist into Nightwalker's face when the male leaned over him with teeth bared. He found his arms restrained by the guards as Nightwalker again fed off of him as the image of the male he saw in his mind kept on blinking on and off within his mind to his confusion. Nikolai frowned as he was freed from Nightwalker's teeth and throat licked to his disgust followed by dropped onto the floor where he laid onto his back staring at the ceiling seemingly lengthy with the image of the male flashing in his mind. He shut his eyes and focused onto the male's image as if drawn to find it kept on blinking on and off as he again felt his throat bit multiple times along with sucked.
Nikolai kept on seeing that image in his mind as he heard loudly "My King stop it now! It's appearing this food slave has developed immunity to your forgetful poison at the moment judging by the multiple feedings you keep doing onto him. This slayer-"
At the word slayer the voice's speaker Achilles was interrupted by the King blasting loudly he hearing "I refused to quit till this Slayer of us Bloodies tells us how his people survived extinction on Pluto as our world is dubbed to survive to live again on Terra. I'm still struggling to find out who this Victor I keep on seeing in his mind is despite my repeated feeding onto him. It's just a trick to mind scan him anyway. You know this Achilles."
Nikolai found the image in his mind kept on blaring becoming more dominant and stopped its blinking as he found his throat no longer bitten to his relief. 
He frowned while eyeing the image of the male fully in his mind as Nightwalker was heard blaring "Achilles what have you found out about his blood test DNA as those pathetic Humans call it?"
He heard in response from Achilles "The doctors at Janeiro are taking a long time to give the results. They keep on giving excuses some pathetic that their tests are inconclusive. It's speak talk for they know the results and aren't willing to share it with us. One doctor I confronted used some excited voice tone like he was finding some new discovery and had refused to share it with us while giving that pathetic inconclusive test results onto me. It seems that there's something regarding this slayer's blood and DNA that have the doctors in an uproar as those Humans say it."
Nikolai frowned hearing Achilles' comment to keep on staring at the image of the male fully in his mind as he heard a hiss sound within his mind sounding familiar and made him think it involved the King's voice hissing away. 
He kept on focusing onto the male as if drawn in his mind to hear "Remember who you are, Terror."
He frowned hearing the word Terror sounded like a name to him to his confusion as he found the image of the male gone from his mind to open his eyes while finding Nightwalker leaning over him to give him a red eyed glare. 
He gulped from the red eyed glare in response as he heard blared in his mind "Be warned slayer. Whatever secret you have in your mind I will find out."
He frowned as he heard a familiar hiss sounding in his mind along with a familiar feeling he confused to feel as Nightwalker without a word faded from view along with his guards. 
Nikolai mentally spoke to himself "Why is my name Nikolai anyway?"
He heard in response blaring in his mind "Your name is Terror as said by the natives of that shanty town. Our King hated that name and gave you the name of Nikolai in response to always naming his food slaves with the names of Nikola for female and Nikolai for male."
He shifted to find Achilles standing in the room giving him a red eyed glare to his shock that shook the eyed look away. Nikolai frowned as he found a fist next to his head he finding it belonged to a kneeling Nightwalker next to him that had a red eyed glare with teeth bared into a sneering glare. 
He kept his mouth shut in response as Nightwalker's blaring voice blared "So slayer you want to talk on where you come from hmm?"
Nikolai again heard the familiar hiss sounding in his mind he finding Nightwalker appeared to not hear it. He frowned forming it on his face as Nightwalker without a word got him to stand followed by biting his throat again to his disgust. 
Nikolai heard a word spoken in his mind "Terror!"
He frowned hearing the word as he mentally spoke it as Nightwalker licked his neck followed by dropping him onto the floor he finding the male was indicating on not hearing anything spoken in his mind by blasting "Blast. This slayer's immunity has taken over. I can't scan his mind now. I'm not sure what's going on within him. Achilles, get the doctors to give up the tests' results and use force if necessary if they balk."
He found Achilles in sight fading from view he noticed the male had a red eyed glare aimed at him before disappearing from sight. Nikolai frowned eyeing Nightwalker warily as he lay on the floor who faded from view leaving him alone in the jail cell with the guards. He didn't think a response as the guards got him to sit up leaning against the bench and dumped milk via bottle into his mouth forced open he forced to gulp down. Nikolai gulped down the milk he tasting it odd to him and sensed something was funny with the milk drink to his confusion. He found the guards fading from view once they finished dumping the milk into his mouth he again swallowed. Nikolai frowned as singing gibberish sounded within his mind to his confusion that sounded familiar and odd to him he confused to why he was hearing it. 
He kept on getting more and more annoyed as he mentally spoke "Shut up with that singing now!"
Nikolai heard the singer's tone turn to anger to his confusion as he again heard a familiar hiss sounding in his mind. 
He felt confusion running through him to mentally speak "I'm confused with you singing. It's not making sense. I didn't know that Bloodies were singers."
Nikolai leaned against the bench despite the singing sounded calmer and appeared to be lulling him to sleep which he shut his eyes. He dreamed of a spidery like object that had night sky color on it with stars that was towering in the sky appearing to look like a cave while it was appearing to look like a dead tree. He grunted when he came to feeling a fist connecting onto his front he jerked open his eyes to find Nightwalker was the one doing the fisting to his confusion. Nikolai grunted loudly once Nightwalker quit the fisting to give him a familiar red eyed glare to his annoyance. 
He kept on glaring at Nightwalker in response as the King blasted in his mind "Talk slayer! Talk on how you managed to survive extinction on our world to live on Terra again now!"
Nothing came to his mind to his confusion but a familiar singing noise sounding in an angry voice tone he finding Nightwalker's eyes narrow with anger sensed from the male. He frowned as the familiar image of the dead tree he assumed it was flashed into his mind to his confusion. Nikolai kept his mouth shut while staring silently at Nightwalker who kept on fisting him despite he groaning loudly from the pain. He kept on hearing an angry singing noise sounding in his mind as Nightwalker quit the fisting to fade from view. He found himself alone in his jail cell to his confusion to find a guard coming into view via normal Human walk to stand staring at him while holding onto their gun weapon. Nikolai frowned while staring back at the guard in response finding the male was wearing familiar head cover mask of shininess and roundness while appearing to be staring at him back. 
He spoke out loud once he again heard the familiar singing in his mind "Argh! Can't I get a moment's peace without you Bloodies singing your opera in my mind?!"
He glared at the guard to find the male fading from view in response as he kept on hearing the familiar singing to his confusion that appeared to be sounding in an angry voice tone and was insisting on something. 
Nikolai again heard the familiar hissing sounds as he heard "All Seeing One."
He frowned hearing the hissing sounded near to him along with the terms of All Seeing One to his confusion. He looked around finding the hissing sounded familiar to him as he eyed the ceiling as if drawn to find a shiny night sky moving to his shock. He frowned as the night sky appeared to form a shape of a manoid's body that was waving a hand appearing to be clawed in a familiar gesture he finding himself confused to why he saw it before. 
Nikolai again heard the familiar hissing sounding saying "Don't look. Look elsewhere."
He frowned but obeyed to focus onto the door to the jail cell as if drawn to find a guard walking inside looking around while holding a device in his hand that was waving it all over him. He frowned hearing silence from the hissing along with silence from the singing as the guard waved the device around before fading from view followed by the door slamming shut. Nikolai kept on lying onto the floor as if needing to do it till the guards came back with Nightwalker with them to his disgust. 
He heard "He was whining about someone singing to him."
Nikolai frowned hearing that from a guard as he was forced to sit up leaning against the bench while staring at Nightwalker as he heard from the King blaring "Talk on who's singing to you now slayer!"
He heard the angry voice tone of Nightwalker kept his mouth shut in response only to grunt from a fist connecting with his front along with terrible pains making him bent down groaning with hands on the area. He found something shiny lighting up the cell to his confusion to hear wording spoken by Nightwalker that rhymed with it and duck to his confusion. Nikolai straightened up his form finding the light's source was a ball of light floating in the air as he removed his hands he grimaced with shock seeing the thing. He grunted as the thing darted towards his stomach in a fast move which he again groaned feeling pain in his stomach area to his confusion. 
Nikolai found the light's source quit to hear from Nightwalker "What was that thing coming out of the slayer's body now?!"
He frowned hearing Nightwalker using additional words rhyming with duck and it while saying his question again to his confusion. Nikolai heard silence in response to Nightwalker's question to again feel the King biting his neck and feeding off of him to his disgust. He heard the familiar singing sounding in his mind as Nightwalker gave up a loud sound of disgust followed by licking his neck and dropped him onto the floor where he curled into a ball and rubbed hands onto his front groaning in pain. He ignored Nightwalker's language uses as he shut his eyes willing himself to sleep sensing a familiar sense hitting him left him abruptly. He frowned to open his eyes when the sense hit him again making him tingly all over which he looked while groaning to lie onto his back he finding a guard in the room staring at him via bowed round head. 
Nikolai spoke out loud "I've gone crazy haven't I? Hence I imagining dead trees and singing in my mind?"
He heard a gasp sound from the guard in response to find the male faded from view to his confusion. 
Nikolai kept on laying onto the floor he hearing the familiar hissing sounding again "All Seeing One."
He grunted in response while eyeing the ceiling as if drawn to find the familiar manoid was there but this time had a face of bird with a beak and antennas off the top of the head that waved a crab's clawed hand in a gesture that indicated he should be doing something. Nikolai forced himself to look away finding the familiar guard back into the room holding his familiar device in his hand that was waving it around followed by fading from view. 
He kept on groaning once he felt a fist connect with his front finding Nightwalker was doing the fisting followed by the King heard blaring "Where's the Queen now?! Talk Slayer on your sanctuary from the Queen!"
He spoke out loud in response "I don't remember or recall this Queen that you're talking about. I'm only a food slave the Forgiver."
Nikolai heard an angry singing sounding in his mind that sounded familiar as the dead tree's image flashed into his mind he hearing "Terror!"
He frowned hearing the word Terror in his mind as Nightwalker blasted within his mind "The Tennans gave you sanctuary when they visited Pluto too many cycles ago."
Nikolai frowned hearing the word Tennans that sounded familiar to him as Nightwalker kept on blaring "We thought we destroyed them in process of kicking them out of Pluto along with destroying all of the slayers. Appears they took one with them and now your here with us. I admit it we used their technology to create an eternal darkness shield onto Pluto that wound up destroying the planet in the process to remain a dead world. Luckily for us we discovered Terra orbiting nearby in the same galaxy of planets and went to her to live on. You stinking Humans easily forgot that you came from Pluto and were easily controlled to worship us as deities in question. This deity business is wide spread within Brazil and the Columbia continent with some pockets of people such as those damned doctors rebelling against my rule. I'm not even sure of the United States and their reasons for spreading garbage about Brazil being underneath their state territory control at the moment via broadcasts."
Nikolai frowned but didn't comment a response as Nightwalker faded from view he hearing the familiar singing within his mind he feeling confusion hitting him to why he was hearing it. He found himself lulled to sleepiness shut his eyes only to feel a fist connect with his face along with a loud roaring noise of Nightwalker's voice sounding angry to him. 
He grunted and opened his eyes to glare at Nightwalker who halted the fisting and got blasted "Where's the Queen hiding now?!"
Nikolai spoke firmly while eyeing Nightwalker in the eyes "Don't ask me that question. I haven't gotten the faintest idea who or what you're blathering about."
He rolled over in response shutting his eyes only to find himself forced back onto his back and stomach fisted again. 
Nikolai irritate opened his eyes to glare at Nightwalker who blasted "Your not sleeping till you admit what we want to know!"
He spoke in response "Then stop asking me that ridiculous question about this Queen whatever they are and let me sleep."
Nikolai rolled over in response only to feel himself forced onto his back and punched again to his disgust. He gave up a sound of disgust as he heard the familiar singing sounding in his mind in an angry voice tone. He glared at Nightwalker that kept on fisting him not sparing his sensitive part to his disgust despite his hands over the area. Nikolai found guards holding him up in a fast speed move as Nightwalker continued to fist him onto the front he hearing the familiar questions blasted at him about where the Queen was and something involving Tennans to his annoyance. Nikolai kept on glaring at Nightwalker he kept on giving his denials repeatedly and loudly as the King kept on fisting him and asking him questions over and over. He felt his control snap felt rage hitting him found himself easily tossing off the guards' arm holds to toss them onto the walls and charged towards Nightwalker while growling angrily with hands fisted in front of him. Nikolai found Nightwalker slow to run away from him as he followed to throw his fist into the King's face seeing the male fly backwards hitting the wall with a loud grunt sound. He smelled a familiar smell making him smirk as he crouched onto the floor glaring at Nightwalker who shook his head while showing blood leaking from the King's nose where he hit him. Nikolai kept the glare aimed at Nightwalker who darted away in a slow move running towards the door to the jail cell as the guards ran slowly. He followed in a fast move to throw fists into the guards' heads finding their round heads crack in pieces showing faces twin to Achilles but different with fear in their eyes. He speed followed Nightwalker out of the jail cell to find the King in the hallway and with speed he didn't know he had over took the male to throw a fist onto his back. Nikolai found Nightwalker collapsing onto the floor groaning loudly as he threw another fist onto the male's back he hearing a satisfaction of a cracking sound from his fisting finding the King appeared to be still like unconscious. He found guards surrounding him with gun weapons drawn aimed at him making him glare at them as Nightwalker was heard groaning loudly. 
Nikolai spoke loudly "Tell your King to quit asking me stupid questions I don't know the answer to them. Excuse me I'll be in the jail cell sleeping."
He walked towards the jail cell's doorway to find guards blocking his way that thrust their gun weapons in a move indicating on going another direction. Nikolai gave up a loud Hmph and without a word found the guards kicked him out of the building into the rain falling overhead that was fast in a furious move. He groaned and without a word recalled the entrance to the city walked towards it in the rain that stopped to his relief. He kept on walking only to find a vehicle stopping near him while finding guards coming out firing their weapons. He grunted from the pain of darts hitting his front as he felt himself sleepy collapsed onto the metallic ground and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Nikolai dreamed of Nightwalker standing over him sleeping which the King appeared to be helped up by guards.
He heard "Get him out of here now! I don't want this slayer in this city! Throw him out of Brazil now! Get him into the United States in the Canadian territories! Let the Canadians handle him! You'll do what it takes to keep him out of Brazil period!"
Nikolai found the scene going black as he found himself waking up by a familiar smell he finding himself in a waste water pool that was draining in a whirlpool to his disgust.
Nikolai heard in his mind as he swam in the whirlpool "Good luck Slayer on wherever you go in Brazil."
He breathed deeply as he was sent through the tunnel and dumped outside into the stinky lake he forced himself to swim up to the surface and swim to the shore. He felt disgust take hold as he heard a familiar horse's whinny sound to find a familiar armored figure coming into view that gestured him to follow. Nikolai followed without a complaint to the familiar river he finding the familiar armored figure riding away without a word. He grunted an annoyed sound finding the figure wasn't Victor he thought via feelings of stinginess hitting him. Nikolai found no beach in sight to groan and without a word jumped into the water feet first to find to his mistake it was a roaring fast moving river containing rocks that banged against him as he was thrust through in a lengthy time period to his disgust. 
Nikolai heard loudly within his mind after another uncounted time of hitting rocks "Raise your arms and grab the rope!" 
He obeyed to find his arms caught into with a ropy object that felt like a rope he finding the river ended with a large waterfall that made him annoyed. He looked around to find a familiar armored figure on the river bank giving him feelings of Victor his brother to him. Nikolai didn't comment a response forced himself to use the rope to get to the river bank where Victor was standing who punched him on the face. 
He grunted from the blow to give Victor a glare of accusation with his eyes as he snarled "Forgiveness brother dear." 
Nikolai glared at Victor who snarled in his mind "You talked about the Tennans. Now the Bloodies know their here manipulating things to destroy them."
He huffed a breath and folded his arms as Victor grabbed his hand and forced him to feel his face despite hearing a familiar hissing sounding within his mind. 
He felt oddness on his face surrounding his mouth to his confusion as he mentally spoke to Victor "What's going on with you having me feel my face with something on it anyway?"
Nikolai heard a sound of disgust from Victor in response to hear "Ancient One just feel your hair and tell me if the thing on your face is the same now."
He obeyed to feel confusion running through him finding both were the same via feel. 
Nikolai spoke firmly mentally towards Victor "Why is that I can't remember who I am even my name despite the excuse of being a slayer said to my face repeatedly?"
He glared at Victor while folding his arms to hear a sound of disgust from the male in response followed by hearing "Come with me while I get you dried up and get some sleep. You look like you could use the sleeping."
He frowned but didn't protest as Victor led the way through the forest jungle away from the roaring river he finding the noise getting lesser and lesser. 
Nikolai frowned as Victor led the way to a campfire and spoke he hearing via mind "Just dry yourself now."
He obeyed to warm himself via the campfire feeling himself drying to feel his face and his hair finding both were the same to his confusion. Nikolai gave Victor a frown finding the male pulling out his sword weapon he finding appeared to be still broken in half and didn't protest as the male jumped to a tree and chopped off a bushel of fruit off onto him. He grunted from one of the fruit hitting the top of his head including his body from Victor seen tossing them onto him in some angry move. 
He found Victor ignored his repeated talk "I'm the Forgiver. Confess your crime."
Nikolai felt himself terribly hungry after ignorance by Victor, grabbed the fruit and bit into it hearing "You're supposed to peel it first before you eat it."
Groaning and rolling his eyes he spat out what he bit and peeled the fruit he not sure what it was and bit into it greedily eating. He found himself terribly hungry ate as much of the fruit as he could while noticing Victor was eating via the tree with visor to his mouth open. He copied Victor's eating way of peeling the fruit till he felt himself full sighed and leaned back. 
Nikolai heard "I suggest you sleep in the tree. Bloodies are notorious for hunting anything on the ground for feeding including dragging back to their stronghold."
He groaned and recalled Victor's jumping ability to do a jump finding himself jumping into the air to land into a tree next to the male on a branch. Nikolai heard faint singing within his mind to get Victor giving him a glare followed by the male putting his mouth plate back onto his face and shooing him off the tree branch. He jumped like an acrobat and went to another branch figuring out that it'll hold seeing it was thick as Victor's. Nikolai forced himself to lean against the trunk of the tree while shutting his eyes he feeling himself terribly tired. He came to feeling the urge to scream from memories spilling in his mind him recalling who he was as he jerked open his eyes.

Terror as he recalled as his name and not Nikolai, felt metal covering his mouth along with night vision within his eyes he found Victor standing over him making a gesture to quiet. He came to feeling the urge to scream from memories spilling in his mind him recalling fully as he jerked open his eyes despite recalling himself as dubbed by the name of Nikolai. Terror recalled fully in mind trying to avoid screaming out loud. He heard chatter sounding in his mind he recognized was of Bloodies hunting nearby they chattering of a manoid's trail gone cold and couldn't sniff him anymore. Terror grabbed Victor's hand and kept it firmly onto his mouth he recalled the singing in his mind was of the Tennans' Queen a sentient tree like creature. He kept on recalling that he was hearing her via entity egg aka computer as they were referred by the Tennans' belonging to the Tennans fully inhibiting him that was still felt computing away. Terror kept Victor's hand covering his mouth as he forced himself to be silent while hearing Bloodies chatter of hearing talk of smelling a rider animal they referred to the horse running in a direction and heard them become silent. 
He eyed Victor who mentally spoke within his mind "Daylight is safe to travel around. Not at nighttime with those Bloodies doing hunting for feeding. They don't care who they target Human or animal as long as they get their blood lust fed and done with. They sound like their recently became one of the Bloody and is in a feeding mood which is going to last them awhile. I suggest we travel via trees and swimming in the rivers. They don't care for either one when their doing their tracking. Their more ground people and hide underground when its daylight. As in digging themselves underground and covering themselves with dirt in question to hide from the sunlight."
Terror exhaled a breath once Victor removed his hand he found his screaming urge gone from him to sigh as the male squatted in front of him while showing his eyes via the visor open. 
He mentally spoke in response to Victor's narrowed glare "I remember everything regarding who I am. I'm Terror a slayer of Bloodies as they refer themselves. I even remember what's going on with the Tennans. I got to warn you I confess that I have an entity egg computing inside me from the feel."
He found Victor not looking surprised to his confession as he added "I can hear the Queen singing in my mind via the egg when I was contained in the Bloodies' city. It seems like she's nearby somewhere for me to hear her."
Terror frowned while staring at Victor who put his visor down and heard "Just get some sleep now. You need the rest. I'm rested enough to take watch if the Bloodies suspect us in the tree to set an eater fire onto it."
He sighed and didn't comment a response shut his eyes only to come to sensing glaring light shining overhead while opening his eyes and seeing Victor no where in sight. He jerked open his eyes to find the familiar sun was on the horizon slowly shining brightly and kept on rising. 
He adjusted his position to stand on a tree branch only to get thrust a piece of furry mess by Victor mentally speaking "Ancient One this is yours I kept for you." 
Terror took the furry mess to discover it was his familiar top to figure out that Victor had it wrapped around his waist and was waiting for him to heal before handing it to him. He put on and without a word followed Victor jumping from branch to branch till they reached the top of the tree's upper branches. He frowned as Victor paused as the sun rose higher in the sky to raise his visor and appeared to be looking around on the horizon. Terror followed suit to find Rio Pluto in view far away while appearing to look like a thunder cloud's shadow to grimace seeing the city covered in darkness. 
He kept the grimace as he heard from Victor "Nothing we can do about the Bloodies in Rio Pluto. We'll have to go to Janeiro and hope we can find help in our cause of getting the Bloodies to quit their nastiness."
He sighed and mentally spoke "Nightwalker on admittance said something about a DNA test as it's called, done onto me that was sent to Janeiro. His servants admitted that the doctors there have been giving resistance to giving up the test results. Nightwalker wound up ordering force to be given for the test results. He sent one of the Bloodies calling himself, Achilles-"
He was interrupted "Achilles, from knowing him was responsible for the extinction of slayers on Pluto their world as referred, Ancient One. Besides that DNA test was just to confirm who you are, a slayer of the Bloodies the doctors figured out themselves and have been balking on giving confirmation."
Terror frowned to look at Victor who placed the visor down onto his head and faded from view. 
He frowned when he heard blaring in his mind "I can hide myself from sight from manoids."
He exhaled a breath hearing Victor's voice in his mind who added "Except Bloodies can smell me and go crazy trying to find me. I managed to sneak into the city which the scent of me drove the Bloodies into some feeding frenzy not sparing the females they were mating with."
Terror found Victor appearing in sight to hear "Rio Pluto from the looks of it is reserved for creating offspring via mating including pairing done. I observed nothing else than that during the times when the Bloodies were lucid during the rainstorm. They appeared to see me shown by the rain pouring over me and tried to attack. I managed to escape and have stayed out of the city waiting for you to be freed."
He sighed and spoke mentally towards Victor "So you know where Janeiro is?"
He heard "I know where it is but we'll have to get a ride to get there once we're within the city's outskirts. There's a big river that pours into the ocean that is surrounding the city in question like some shield against the Bloodies I'm not sure. I do know from knowledge that the river was manipulated to surround the city over time but I'm not sure if that's related to the Bloodies. Enough talk now. We must go via tree and river to get to there while its daylight."
Terror wordlessly followed Victor jumping from tree branch to tree branch taking multiple trees as the sun shined overhead. He found the tree jumping seemed endless along with Victor halting them to eat fruit dubbed bananas from the trees on the way. Terror frowned once the sunset on the horizon to find glowing lights shining in one direction blinking his night vision back and forth. He frowned as Victor halted their tree jumping to jump to the tallest branch he following. Terror found Victor removing his visor and jabbing a finger at the glaring lights shining he saw was a city appearing to be on water surrounded by a raging river running into the vast ocean behind it. 
He sighed only to hear from Victor "Its sunset. Gates are closed for the night via that light shining indicating it. We'll have to wait till morning to get a boat to the city of Janeiro. Daylight is when they let visitors be ferried to the city including Sonyas but they don't allow Bloodies into the city. Not sure why but there's another part of the city reserved for Bloodies to stay in that is across the river over there."
He found Victor jabbing a finger in a direction he seeing with night vision blinking a towering stone building castle sitting on a cliff wall bordering the raging river that was away from the city to his relief. 
He sighed and didn't comment a response as Victor jumped down he following to hear "Go to sleep now."
Terror obeyed to sit onto a tree branch and leaned back shutting his eyes while grimacing from the fruit plant digging into his back. He found his efforts to be comfortable blocked leaned his form against the tree's trunk ignoring the fruit gathered around it and shut his eyes. 

Terror came to the depths of sleep feeling a light shining from overhead he jerked open his eyes and forced himself to be still as his vampire sense went off. He peered with his eyes to see the light came from a hovering machine. The light from it that was sweeping the area in a slow move he grunted an annoyed sound when it went red once it touched him to his disgust. Terror heard nothing from Victor in response but a familiar gunshot like sound along with feeling stinging pain onto his shoulder that suspiciously felt like a needle dart to him. He grunted an annoyed sound as he felt paralysis hitting him followed by a rope seeing in his eyesight. 
Terror mentally spoke "Blast the Bloodies found me again. I can't seem to catch a break from being used as food."
He didn't comment a response as a familiar Bloodies guard wear came into view that tied the rope around his form and then scrambled up onto the rope. He felt nothing but paralysis as the rope raised him out of the tree his form still and flew over the water he seeing via eyes. Terror found himself towed towards the city to his confusion as it came into view and saw it come into sight. He frowned feeling confusion hitting him as the flying machine he figured he'll refer it flew over buildings then reached a building with red lights blaring from it. Terror frowned finding people on top of the building while noticing a symbol of medicine on it. He frowned as he was lowered onto the symbol followed by medics he saw were Humans yanking the rope off of him as he felt jerking from it. Terror found the medics got him onto a bed that gave off squeaking sounds as he felt the paralysis start to wear off to his relief. He heard gibberish spoken from the natives sounding in angry voices as they got him into light of a room followed by putting him onto another bed and again jabbed the familiar dart into his shoulder he again feeling paralysis hitting him. Terror grunted an annoyed sound to find Victor appearing in sight holding his helmet in his arm and waiting for the medics to acknowledge him. 
He found the medics acknowledging Victor he hearing himself understanding what was said "Ancient One why are you here?"
Terror heard from a male voice loudly to find Victor putting on the helmet and making hand gestures he figured was hand language and seemed familiar while jabbing a finger in his direction. He frowned as the medic's leader he assumed was the doctor arrived into view to lift up his shirt and flashed a light onto his front via handheld device.
Terror heard as the doctor removed the device and put his shirt back one "Ancient One is telling the truth. He's not one of the suckers. I request that the Ancient One allow us to test this Human's body system to make sure the drug will be withdrawn from him."
He focused his eyes onto Victor again making hand gestures he finding himself still unable to get it what the male was saying. The doctor in response placed an object over his face he feeling air blowing onto him along with sleepiness making him pass out unconscious. 

Terror came to hearing a loud voice yelling "Wake up you stinking savage!"
He grunted from the familiar object of the whip hitting his back as the voices concentrated into one voice a male yelling his comment repeated. He jerked open his eyes finding himself clad only in gonoid skin pants and wearing ropes holding his arms high above him while smelling sea salt air of the ocean. He found himself in the belly of a boat that stank of fish to him and appeared to be made out of wood to him. He glared at the voice's owner a male with a face of a fish that had fins flapping in an angry move. The male with fish face was wearing faded white and red clothing on his form that appeared to be of tight pants and a loose white top. 
He kept the glare as the male he recognized as a Fishla from memory of meeting them on Fishlala via the looks of him and smell of the boat that held up a webby hand.
He heard the Fishla speak sounding of hissing "Halt the whipping now! This savage is awake from the whipping!"
Terror glared at the Fishla with annoyance running through him as the male spoke "So tell me savage if you can get it me words on what you were doin in the giver hmm?"
He recalled the giver was Fishla slang talk for ocean to give up a spit sound in response only to grunt from the whip hitting his back again. 
Terror glared at the Fishla who spoke "Aw this savage is nothin but a muto! Just dump him into the giver and have Mother take him into her body anyway."
He kept the glare as the Fishla added speaking gibberish he not getting it what language was said as his arms was freed from the ropes. He found two additional Fishla coming into view that grabbed his arms he struggling in their grips meeting failure of freedom. Terror found himself led out of the Fishla's ship's belly hold onto the wooden deck with other Fishla there then tossed overboard. He found himself floundering in the water till a familiar creature appearing to be a dead tree he recognized as one of the Queen's minions came floating above him. Terror grunted from memory recalled himself jumping from the water to grabbed the minion's branches and found himself sinking inside it. Terror found himself contained inside as the minion was felt flying him in the air towards a forest jungle from the mess of it as the sunlight shined glaring overhead. Terror didn't say a word as the minion flew him over a vast amount of land to spit him out once a cave entrance was seen which he landed into the cave to drop into the water as the light above cut itself off. He came to from the wetness of the water to feeling a hand patting him on the cheek shocking him. Terror jerked open his eyes from the memory fully in his mind of being dumped into the Queen after the Tennans fully got him into her. He recalled that the planetary world he was dumped onto was a primitive colony belonging to the Fishla's convicts. He recalled fully of living off the ocean via wooden boat that shattered in a storm. He sighed as he recalled picked up by Fishla in their wooden boat who had him whipped then tossed him overboard. Terror focused onto the hand's owner to find it belonged to a female medic with hands felt gloved. 
He shook his head of the dream to frown while eyeing the female who removed her hand and got her speaking "Idiotic fools for giving you that sleeping drug. It put you out for the whole day. Nevertheless it made it easy for the doctor to have you scanned for anything regarding that idiot and his drugged status onto you."
Terror groaned softly hearing the nurse's words as she straightened up her form and held up her hands in a peace sign of four fingers with two separated and got "So make your hand twin to mine now."
He obeyed to get from the nurse giving off a loud Hmph sound followed by her shining lights into his eyes he grimaced from the glaring brightness he recalled his vampire sense was tingling again indicating his eyes' change in control to his shock. He willed aside the feeling despite it kept going off to get the nurse making another finger gesture and ordering him to copy. Terror obeyed to get nothing from the nurse in response but her shining lights into his eyes he flinched from the glare. 
"Well your fine medically with your eyes." He got from the nurse who added "Unfortunately the doctor insisted on keeping you overnight in case of anything else he didn't find via tests done onto you."
Terror groaned softly as he heard an edge in her voice tone that suggested something was unsaid. 
He kept the glare as the nurse looked away and heard from her "Ancient One he'll be fine once he gets some well deserved sleep."
Terror found Victor in view wearing his helmet that made gestures he still not sure what was said as the nurse spoke "His DNA is in the records as tested. It's indicating something twinning to the Bloodies themselves but no sucker ability to our confusion."
He focused onto the nurse to notice her hair was entirely night sky colored slicked down looking twin to the male Bloodies' Sonyas to his annoyance to why his vampire sense was going off. 
He kept the glare as the female Sonya without a word towards him added "His speaking ability is intact so he should be able to speak something to us."
Terror grunted an annoyed sound as Victor was heard blaring in his mind "You're upset about something so talk now."
He focused onto Victor finding the nurse leaving the room out of sight via door slamming sound "Nurse is one of the Bloodies' females dubbed Sonya by the looks of her. She triggered my sense related to those Bloodies themselves."
Terror looked away to find the door open showing a familiar male entering the room with Achilles to his annoyance again triggering his sense. 
He kept the glare as the doctor was heard speaking "Interesting look he's giving us."
Terror kept his mouth shut as he found Achilles blaring red eyes and eavesdropped onto the male's talk to the doctor "Admit it what's going on with you balking on giving us test results. He's here in your presence so test results shouldn't be a problem so talk on them now or be sucked to death."
He heard the angry tone of Achilles' voice felt rage hitting him and in super speed move got up from the bed and grabbed Achilles by the neck. He using speed move darted towards the wall while holding onto Achilles and thrust Achilles' back onto it while raising up the male as if he weighted nothing while growling loudly. He kept his hold onto Achilles finding Achilles' eyes widen as if shocked to notice the male had a hand in a direction as he heard Bloodies' growling noises sounding behind him along with familiar gun cocking noises. 
Terror ignored the noises as he heard "Alright he appears to be some kind of hybrid of a Bloody as you refer your species and a Human."
He heard from Achilles in response "Put me down now slayer."
Terror obeyed despite feeling his mood bad again to give Achilles a glare he noticing Victor in sight still wearing his familiar helmet and having armored arms folded in some Bloody surrender gesture. He ignored Victor's gesture to stomp to the bed in a fast speed move and sat down while folding his arms in a Bloody's surrender gesture he feeling like copying Victor. 
Terror kept the glare aimed at the doctor who appeared to gulp then the male spoke "Sorry I can't say who parented him as in female or male that created him in question. All the tests results show that he's a hybrid of a Human and a Bloody. I can't help you further in that matter. It's out of my hands medical wise."
He eyed Achilles in response to find the male was rubbing his neck that bared his teeth aimed at the doctor. He shifted towards the doctor finding the male was looking more and more nervous to his annoyance. Terror figured that the doctor lied on what he said but kept his mouth shut and refrained from thinking any comments on it. He glared at Achilles who he saw in a slow move went to the doctor and grabbed the male by the neck he standing up growling loudly. Terror found Achilles looking at him followed by focusing into the doctor as the Bloody released his hold onto the male.
He heard Achilles snarling "You better be telling me the truth on what you said regarding this test subject. Now arrange for transportation to have this test subject returned to Rio Pluto-"
"Actually the Kingship ordered him forbidden from Rio Pluto." He heard blared in his mind via a guard of Achilles interrupting the male's talk.
Terror kept his mouth into a thin line as Achilles gave the guard a glare the male heard snarling "You could have said something about this before I told the doctor this!"
He kept the glare as the guard was heard "It's a recent communiqué that came over once we transmitted the test results to Rio Pluto. Our King ordered this slayer out of Rio Pluto and out of Brazil into the United States of Canada's territory for the remainder of his life."
Terror glared at Achilles who looked his way to hear "You can hear us talk, slayer. Don't deny it for your face expression is indicating it."
He mentally spoke in response "So? Does it matter to you?"
He glared at Achilles who made a pointing gesture to find the guards in blurry slowness going towards him as he unfolded his arms to find the Bloodies grabbing his arms in ironclad holds. Terror gave up a loud sound of disgust as the Bloodies' hold included clamping metal around his wrists locking them together. He found Victor in sight signing gestures towards the doctor only to see Achilles jab a finger in Victor's direction.
"Don't bother. I'm fluent in your hand language freak." He heard from Achilles.
Terror glared at Achilles who made twin hand gestures towards the doctor who did a double take look but didn't look happy. He heard nothing from Victor but a mental sound of disgust within his mind. He glared at Achilles who without a word got him and guards walking through the room. Terror kept the glare he finding the metal around his wrists refused to give as he found Victor balked from following by the doctor holding up a hand towards him and shaking his head in a no gesture as they left the room. He kept the glare stewing as Achilles put on a helmet looking twin to the guards followed by reaching the roof deck to find a flying machine sitting on it with blades whooping away. Terror heard the blades didn't sound right to him as Achilles and guards got him aboard the flying machine with them escorting him. He glared at Achilles with anger running through him as the flying machine was felt going up and flying in the air over the city to reach the water. He peered out the window to spot a fireball appearing to be on a fast speed move flying towards the flying machine as the door to it opened as it hovered over the water. 
"Goodbye slayer." He heard from Achilles followed by a prick of pain hitting his neck and then found himself airborne with paralysis hitting him.
The fireball he saw wound up hitting the flying machine that exploded into a large eater fire that burst into pieces and appeared to be falling towards the water above him. Terror grunted from the paralysis hitting his form as he willed himself to move as he fell into the raging water sinking underwater as the flying machine's pieces landed above him. He struggled with vain trying to get himself to move as he sank further towards the bottom of the ocean till he recalled the entity egg within him.
Terror howled mentally towards the entity egg "Get out now! I'm going to die! So get out now!"
He found the egg refused to budge leaving him instead remained inside him as he found his efforts to move blocked. He kept on sinking further into the ocean with the egg inside him as he finally hit the bottom hitting a pile of rocks he not feeling it. Terror found himself lying on his back eyeing the flying machine's pieces sinking above him in a slow move till they landed all around him. He found the machine indicated the Bloodies were gone from there as if dead via the bones of them seen contained that got spread around.
Terror groaned softly mentally speaking "Sorry Achilles that you had to die."
He heard nothing in answer to his mental chatter but a faint beeping noise that sounded within his body to his confusion. He kept on lying there till he felt urged to shut his eyes obeyed passing out unconscious. 

Terror grunted from blows hitting his face shaking him awake. He jerked open his eyes finding himself held up by a pair of males with fish skull masks and wearing a familiar brown uniform with webby hands felt via their hands' holds. 
He glared with annoyance running through him at the punching masked male he figured was wearing a skull mask who spoke hissing "Well the convict is awake."
Nikolai found his arms freed as he found himself able to stand despite the punching to find the males thrusting wooden gun weapons with knives at the ends aimed at him. He raised his hands in a surrender gesture while glaring at the puncher male who was minus a weapon. 
He glared as the male spoke "So explain where you come from dumped by the Tennans' creepy warship onto this planetary world full of convicts to burn in the Fire Wheel. The creepy warship resisted our attempts to be shot down in question."
Nikolai opened his mouth to speak only to feel a choking sensation within his throat to clamp his mouth shut. He looked around finding himself in a campsite for the Fishla's Skull army gathered nearby while spotting a prisoner tied to a tree holding a hand in his direction he spotted had all black eyes with a Fishla face. 
Nikolai kept his mouth into a thin line and refused to speak as he continued to be gagged mentally via his throat to think "Shield."
He found the shield command refused to work as he continued to be choked grunted as he again got punched into the face by a male. 
He heard from the male in response "Another stinking mute! Just lock him up in stocks with the other mute now!"
Terror found himself able to breathe found himself thrust into forwards position which he obeyed to get towards the familiar prisoner to get thrust into the tree to be tied up next to the male who kept giving him an all black eyed glare in response. He found the male was a Fishla with all black eyes, from the looks of him despite he clad in animal skin clothes that kept on glaring at him from his tied position to the tree. Terror heard the familiar hissing sound within the back of his mind ignored it sensing his mind scanned. He glared at the prisoner in response who wound up looking away which he obeyed to will the egg inside him to be quiet. Terror heard nothing from the egg in response to him locked up next to the male instead felt sleepiness shut his eyes to come to feeling a foot kicking him. Terror kept feeling the footing kept on kicking him awake. He grunted an annoyed sound feeling the foot connect with his stomach to wake up with a glare at the familiar Skull kicking him awake while he was lying on the ground. 
He glared at the Skull in response with his anger in control to find the male thrusting him a bowl smelling of food to him and speaking "Just take it in now."
Terror obeyed to take the bowl and gulped down the soup he felt was watery and appeared to be made out of fruit's juices which he once done resume his lying position onto the ground and shut his eyes. He again got a familiar foot kicking his stomach in response as he felt pain in his back that felt like his back was burning via the sun's painful ray had hit the area from the feel. Terror grunted in response as the burning continued to his disgust as he found himself tied to a tree's branch with the sunlight blaring onto him making him grunt from the burning onto his back. He struggled with vain to free himself and found the burning got too much to pass out unconscious.

Terror came to hearing a feminine voice sounding in his mind "Wake up! Get up!"
He grunted finding himself underwater as the voice kept on urging him to wake up which he obeyed finding himself still bound by the metal wrist cuffs. He grunted an annoyed sound and forced himself to slip his wrists and hands through the cuffs then swam up towards the surface. Terror found a strong current hitting him moving him down in a fast move.
He forced himself to swim up towards the surface as urged by the feminine voice yelling "Just swim sideways! Don't fight it!"
He obeyed and kept on swimming till he broke the surface to gasp for breath while feeling the current strong. 
Terror heard "Jump!"
He looked up seeing the familiar Queen's minion ship floating above him that was appearing to be like a night sky dead tree. He using his legs forced himself to fly into the air into the minion feeling it received him. Terror didn't comment as the minion flew in the air in a fast move while sensing it firing off its weapons. 
He frowned to recall the fireball to find the minion ordering him "Jump out now!" 
Terror obeyed to jump landing onto something hard and metallic to find himself on top of a building as the minion he saw flew into the sky and went out of sight. He sighed and heard a bang sound to find a door in vicinity opening followed by manoids not triggering his vampire sense came darting out with guns drawn. Terror frowned to hold up his hands in a surrender gesture only to find one of the manoids appearing to be males firing their gun weapon seeing two prongs come out hitting his chest followed by zapping of electrical currents running through him as he felt paralysis hitting again. 
Terror grunted out "I'm the forgiver. Forgiveness you want it? Confess your crime."
He found himself hitting the metallic ground going to lay on it as if his body couldn't support him any more. He shut his eyes only to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. Terror jerked opens his eyes to find himself lying on the ground facing a Skull while he had night vision in his eyes. 
He kept the glare as the Skull in a soft tone spoke "Come with me while I show you where you're to go."
Terror obeyed to follow the Skull out of the campground quietly to meet another Skull on the way who threw a fist into the first Skull's face after yanking the mask off showing a Fishla's face. He grunted an annoyed sound as the second Skull succeeded in knocking the first Skull out unconscious. 
He didn't comment a response as the second Skull spoke "Sorry for doing it. I can't let them kill you for giving us mercy."
Terror kept his mouth shut as Skull sounding like a female via the voice tone grabbed a hold of his arm and quietly led the way into the forest jungle with the steamy heat felt while seeing everything in color yellow indicating his night vision. Terror found the female skull he figured she was leading him to a cave and got ordered to go inside. He obeyed to find the cave was lighted by glowing balls of light and kept on walking till he met a female Fishla that thrust a knife to his throat while hissing of anger. 
He glared at the Fishla as she hissed he heard "State your business now Earthari."
He heard the term of Earthari spoke firmly while using hissing language "I'm here to avoid the Fire Wheel."
Terror glared at the female who hissed out "Go to sleep now!"
He found the scene changing to show the familiar white robed manoids standing on water giving him scrutiny looks. Terror shook his head of the memory dream to find his Father, the Ancient One standing next to him that rubbed hands over his front he finding himself bare of clothes and did the same with not sparing his sensitive part to his annoyance. 
He glared at his Father to speak "I'm fine for now. So quit pawing me."
Terror got his Father speaking in response "Pawing as you call it my son? No comments to your well fair hmm?"
He spoke "Well what are you worried about Father? I survived worse than that-"
He cut himself off when his Father quit the pawing to give him a narrowed eyed glare he clamped his mouth shut.
Ancient One spoke "Survive worse than that? Care to explain what it is that you survived that was worse than a simple piece of metal touching your body with jolts of zappers?"
He kept his mouth shut into a thin line to find his Father kept giving him the glare which he spoke "Alright I lied. Whose idea was it for me to be dumped onto Terra to suffer crappy behavior from the restless natives accusing me of being a slayer of vampires? I was fine being contained in this planetary world of Fishlala. What's up with my talk on being some forgiver anyway?"
He heard snickering from the Sages the two robed Ancient Ones to get from his Father "It was my idea to have the Tennans manipulated to transport you to this planetary world of Terra. Don't question me and my purposes. Besides the Lower Ones have gotten too soft to let the Bloodies as their called take control of their home. I had to make sure that the Lower Ones were protected from the dominance of the Bloodies who obviously don't belong in Terra. It's up to you to keep them in line with your acts as the Forgiver as you state yourself."
Terror groaned softly only to get his Father folding his arms and giving him a familiar glare making him nervous.
He spoke in response "Alright. I figured out what you meant by the Lower Ones letting the Bloodies control them. It involves the Bloodies seen as deities in question something I have to remove. And use forgiveness to get them to understand that revenge isn't the answer."
He clamped his mouth shut to get from his Father "About time you started to think my son."
Terror found his Father forcing his eyes shut as he came to finding a foot connecting with his stomach. He jerking opened his eyes with annoyance running through him to glare at a Skull kicking him with his boot he finding himself lying on the ground. He kept the glare in response as the Skulls got him to stand despite his wrists tied together by ropes. He kept his mouth into a thin line recalling why he was caught by the Skulls which was him as bait for a trap by a traitorous Skull female putting him into it after a session of mating with her. He recalled the female only gave up the name of Diana despite he already knowing it and got him to agree to the trapped status as bait for the Skulls to catch him. Terror kept his mouth into a thin line as he glared at the Skulls who hauled him through the forest jungle he finding the trap Diana put in place had yet to be sprung. It was triplet moon's positions in the sky since he was found and Diana balking on springing the trap despite he expecting it to happen. Terror kept his mouth into a thin line as the Skulls continued to travel through the jungle with their knives on their weapons cutting a path in front of them. He noticed that the Skulls were traveling in a circle from where he was captured despite cutting new paths of in front of them over and over to his annoyance. He found the Skulls once reaching the middle of the circle quit the circular traveling and started cutting a new path into the jungle this time to his relief. Terror kept his anger in control as the Skulls made a noisy path further into the jungle towards their campground. He hearing horns sounding loudly in the distance he recognizing was horns from the other Skulls. He recalled the Skulls used the horns sounding through seashells to help them find where the campground was by blowing it repeatedly over and over. They were according to him following the noises spoken via the campground. He ignored the noises to find the Skulls going to the campground only to recognize the jungle foliage not twin to the one surrounding the campground. Terror kept his mouth shut recognizing that as the Skulls kept on sounding their horns till the campground's horn was sounded loudly behind a tree. 
He didn't say a word as the Skulls led to the way to the campground he thinking to himself "Trap must be sprung there."
Terror kept his thought to himself as the Skulls surrounding him met the others at the campground he finding the trap wasn't sprung as he hoped. He felt annoyance take hold as the Skulls met the others and got him to be tied up to a tree branch again. Terror found himself having a headache hitting him to frown once he found himself throwing up the contents of his stomach. He stiffened with shock to realize that he was given a drug for him to blather his thoughts to the Skulls who heard every word on a trap status. He felt annoyance take hold once he was in the restraint trap to glare at the Skulls gathered around him some staring at him with various emotions of annoyance and shock. Terror again got the familiar headache once given water he forced to swallow despite unable to get it out of his nose.
He found himself speaking in Fishla's hissing language "The name is Terror. Don't ask me where I came up with it."
He clamped his mouth shut once done to find one of the Skulls was glaring at him with all black eyes despite appearing to not be noticed by the others. He wound up to find the glaring Skull put on the mask and to find the male addressing another male as Commander. 
He kept the glare aimed at Commander finding the Fishla Skull speaking after putting on his skull mask "Interesting that this Terror was blabby about a trap that was already sprung once we put the drug into him. Sounds like the convicts got nervous from our gun weapons firing at them and took off first night we captured Terror. They were detected hiding all over the place when we captured Terror here via the giver noises being quiet and not sounding of noises all over the place."
Terror glared at Commander in response he finding nothing to indicate of that memory coming to mind as the Skull gave the male a salute then walked away going into a tent he finding it flash of an eater fire and burst into flame to his shock. He frowned feeling himself confused to why there was an eater fire coming from the tent as other Skulls remained ignorance and didn't seem concerned with the eater's eating as the moonlight shined overhead. He kept his mouth shut as he looked around the campground finding various males doing their work and ignoring the burning tent to his confusion. Terror frowned hearing the familiar ocean water's noises become quiet abruptly from sounding all around him to hear hissing noises of the Skulls who held up their weapons while standing around. 
He found the eater's light via tent got noticed only to find a Skull using a torch to peer into the tent and coming out angrily "He's in there burned via Fire Wheel's light!"
Terror frowned as there was a loud yell sounding of a female's Fishla's voice tone to find the campground's tents bursting into flame finding the Skulls darting into the bushes leaving him tied to the tree. He glared as the eaters were put out mysteriously leaving him with the remains of the campground as the clouds covered the shiny moon. He saw via his yellow eyesight Skulls coming into view swinging their weapons even Fishla that weren't covered in Skull's wear and appearing to be in a fist fight. Terror found the fight lasted till Skulls darted into the bushes leaving one left only one was left that ran up to him and jabbed the gun's knife end into his chest making him grunt. 
He grunted as the Fishla spoke "See you in the Underworld."
Terror recalled the term Underworld was speak for wandering souls of the dead to remain instead of going to the Summerland for resting. He found the Skull's weapon giving off an eater fire of electricity and firing it onto his chest. Terror shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep coming to feeling the sunlight blaring into his face as his back arched to free the egg from within his body. He grunted from the pain as the egg got itself out of his front followed by ramming itself onto his head shaking him awake. Terror found himself lying on the ground finding the egg kept on ramming itself onto his head as he felt a hand patting it onto his cheek. 
He shook his head to glare at the hand's owner he recognized was of a Tennan who spoke "All Seeing One."
He heard the creepy voice tone of the Tennan spoke once feeling the egg resume itself inside him via the pain "You got a point on what you meant?"
Terror grimaced while asleep from the memory of his body thrusting out Tennans' eggs whenever he was about to fall asleep. He recalled the egg would wound up ramming itself onto his head forcing him to wake up and not sleep. He recalled he spoke his question in a voice tone that suggested slurred and drugged to find the Tennan walking away darting into the bushes leaving him lying on the ground to face the sunlight's glare. Terror grimaced recalling what happened next was it began to rain hard in a flashing storm which helped killed his mood of anger. He recalled he wound up curling into a ball to sleep despite the rain felt pounding onto him he felt was all over the place. Terror wound up via dream to came to feeling rain water spilling onto his face he felt a rainstorm falling onto him while clad in a gonoid skin pants. He jerked open his eyes towards the rainstorm to glare with annoyance taking hold feeling his hair plastered to the side of his face. He felt his sensitive part sticking of out his pants with a feeling of mating to him to his disgust. He got up and forced his sensitive part into his pants then stomped still wet into a Skulls' intact tent he finding a Fishla sitting inside to his annoyance giving him a glare and making a finger gesture to kneel. 
Terror obeyed to glare at the Fishla seated on a cot who spoke "So admit this talent of surviving the sunlight blaring point blank range onto you and getting your body to avoid burning into eaters as we normally see via others. You and I share eye changing abilities but surviving the Fire Wheel as we Leaders, call the sunlight pouring onto convicts into this planetary world to burn to death isn't something we've seen from you. So talk on that now."
He spoke firmly recalling nothing coming to his mind of the surviving "I'm an offspring of an Ancient One. Hence I blessed with this ability to survive. The Ancient One favored me enough to give me this gift."
He clamped his mouth shut as the Skull spoke "Ancient One? Who's this deity in question anyway?"
He found his mouth clamped shut once about to open it to find a being of glowing whiteness with a human bald head and wearing a robe in a feminine form appear next to him speaking "I am Sora the Ancient One."
Terror heard gasps from the Skull while hearing the electronic feminine tone of the being along with "Master!"
He exhaled a breath as Sora removed her hand to find the Skull kneeling on his knees and bowing his head with hand over his heart area in a fist as if paying respects to her. 
Terror didn't say a word as Sora spoke again "This is my disciple as he's known for. You will honor me by becoming disciples of me. I will when its time bestow gifts onto you and your people. Your first mission is to accept one of us answering to the name of Sora as leader of you and your people and to introduce to your Fishla species on your home world. I will call your home world by the name of Fishlala. You must accept Sora to lead you and your people to remove the Tennans' ruler ship influence out of Fishlala and to gain independence as an independent species in the process. I will be back with further orders for you to do. I must take my disciple with me now."
He found Sora grabbing his arm and pulling him out of the tent to find her singing again "Call for the Queen to come to you and take you out of this planetary world now!"
Terror frowned but didn't protest as Sora added "You and the Tennans are to leave this planetary world period! Don't return again!"
He didn't comment a response as Sora got him walking she still holding onto his arm as the sunlight shined overhead he finding it not burning him or her. Terror heard the Queen singing in his mind sounding annoyed to him. He didn't comment a response towards the singing as Sora got him through the jungle into a familiar cave where he met female Fishlas gathered inside. He gave them a glare in response as Sora faded from view he hearing silence from the being. Terror kept his mouth shut as the Fishlas formed an aisle while holding their stick weapons in front of them. He sighed and walked through the aisle despite repeatedly hit on the seat via their stick weapons till he reached another cave where the Queen was sitting towering in the sky. Terror grunted as he jumped down off the cliff and jumped into the Queen that gave off a loud shriek of being reborn. He grunted an annoyed sound as the Queen broke through the cave walls and sailed into the sky with him inside. 
Terror eyed through the Queen's eyes onto the planetary world to hear her singing angrily he hearing "Minions fire at the planet and leave no life left now!"
He exhaled a breath to find the Queen reached orbiting position of the planet followed by seeing her and her minions' fellow tree shaped ships firing onto the planet with fireballs all over the place. 
Terror growled out once the planet appeared to be consumed of fire "Why do you have to do that?"
He heard a faint beeping noise in response to focus onto via the Queen's eyesight as an object came into view beeping away that kept on going by them.
He heard the Queen sing "Follow the path that thing made now!"
Terror frowned and found the Queen with minions escorting her followed the path the thing made in space following its home beacon signal flying in space seemingly lengthy till he felt sleepy shut his eyes

Terror wound up dreaming of Helena while feeling himself contained in a coffin box from the feel of it while feeling tubes going all over the place not sparing his sensitive part. He grunted an annoyed sound as he dreamed of Helena got a hold of his sensitive part and was running her mouth over it she feeling metallic and like a tube to his confusion. He wound up keeping on dreaming the dream despite the metallic felt onto him till he felt sleepiness passed out unconscious.

Terror came to hearing the familiar Sages' comment of "Ew! That's disgusting!"
He sighed from the dream of Helena's mouthing him all over getting interrupted by Yana and Tan the two Sages announcing their presence. He found himself back onto the beach facing his Father who gave him a glare with eyes all black. 
Terror spoke in response "So? I'm a man I have needs."
He got a sound of disgust from his Father who forced his eyes shut. 

Terror wound up facing his Father again this time facing Helena appearing to look young but not twin to his Helena from memory of her standing on the beach. 
He frowned as Sora appeared was found flapping her wings singing her familiar electronic tones "Acknowledge her despite her dead!"
Terror spoke firmly to his shock of hearing Sora's comment "Thank you for helping my life Helena."
He saw nothing in response from Helena but her form changing to look twin to Sora and flying up towards the sky disappearing from sight as he got his eyes forced shut by his Father again.

Terror came to feel himself angry growled an annoyed sound as he heard via his mind "Quit resisting to the drug getting out of your system now!"
He sighed hearing the talk obeyed to arch his back while contained in his coffin allowing the drug to be withdrawn from his system. He kept on withdrawing the drug till he felt a hand gloved patting his shoulder adjusting his arching to remain lying with back touching the bed. Terror found the thing attached to his sensitive part removed as he felt a tube get into his mouth and found it getting into his throat despite he choking. He kept on choking only to hear the familiar voice ordering him not to resist. Terror obeyed and found his stomach pumped of the drug via feeling it entering the tube then got yanked out making him easier to breathe. He sighed once he was freed of the tube to feel the coffin's sides weren't a box but a bed's sides with his wrists chained to it to his confusion. Terror jerked open his eyes looking around to find the familiar doctor in sight that gently patted his shoulder and forced his eyes shut to his confusion. He wound up dreaming of the Sages giggling loudly and elbowing each other while appearing to be jabbing fingers aimed at his Father glaring at them. 
Terror spoke "What joke-"
He was interrupted by a hand clamping over his mouth he recognized belonged to his Father as Ancient One kept on glaring at the Sages still giggling away. Terror frowned but removed his Father's hand off his mouth and gave up a loud ahem sound. He glared at the Sages to find his Father pulling him to look at him via hand on his chin. 
He gave his Father a frown as Ancient One spoke "Alright the Sages' joke this time involves bestowing you with gifts other than just physical gifts. Their laughter is that you have to figure out what mental gift you were given like you figured out your physical gifts in question." 
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as his Father spoke "I warn you that there'll be a time when my advice will no longer be taken as in I and the Sages leaving you to handle things by yourself."
He gave up a loud gasp in response as his Father gave him an all black eyed glare as he heard Hey sounds from the Sages. 
"Terror." He heard from his Father who added "The divine Terra with her ways insists that children grow up and learn their way around her life force without parental help or advice."
He groaned softly hearing that from his Father who continued "It's the nature of things on Terra. Children grow up become parents themselves and learn how to handle Terra and her life force on their own. You'll have to figure that out yourself including what other gifts the Sages left for you. You'll have to figure out this Forgiver status you seem to have. I warn you that you'll find yourself alone abruptly without warning from us called to the Summerland as you call it, to rest."
He groaned again as his eyes were forced shut to come to feeling himself urged to wake by the familiar ramming of an egg felt onto his forehead. 
Terror jerked open his eyes in annoyance to glare at the egg that hissed "Wake up! Nightwalker has spies afoot here in this place of healing who'll cause harm than healing!"
He obeyed to grunt from the pain of the egg entering him as he sat up from the bed hearing a faint alarm sound. Terror grunted finding his vampire sense tingling again as a female medic appearing to be a nurse with long black hair arrived into the room baring cleavage of breasts via a cut in her top. He ignored her breasts to glare at her face finding it had an angry look on it followed by the female holding up a syringe. Terror grunted as he felt the egg dart out of him and saw it enter the female who collapsed onto the floor he saw while shaking her head back and forth in some jerky move. He got up from the bed and without a word grabbed the female's shaking head and tore it off her neck in a fast move leaving her dead. Terror groaned hearing a faint scream sounding from the female he realized with a start that the egg inside her had died in the process hence the scream heard. He groaned softly and without a word slipped quietly out of the room leaving the female lying on the floor. He found two males wearing uniforms at the doorway grab his arms as he walked out and found his familiar sense quit to his relief. Terror gave the uniforms a glare as metal was again placed onto his wrists and he pulled and pushed back into the room he hearing gasping sounds them finding the female Sonya on the floor headless. He sighed seeing the female's body was dripping via water move to indicate her as a Sonya decomposing her body after death. 
Terror kept his mouth shut as the uniforms freed him from the cuffs and got told "Just find them and help us contain the Sonyas in the brig in the basement."
He obeyed to find about the same number of fingers on his hand Sonyas around the hospital till they were all contained into a big cage in the basement of the hospital building. 
He found the uniforms calling themselves cops ordered towards him "Get inside the cage and depose of the Sonyas now.'
Terror gave up a loud Hmph in response and jumped up onto the top of the cage and adjusted the screen to let an opening and jumped inside finding the Sonyas giving resistance to him attacking them. Soon he had all Sonyas beheaded to find the hole above the cage blocked by metal along with a familiar humming sound from the wires as he glared at the cops with a glare of accusation.
Terror kept the glare as one cop spoke "A murder is a murder. You're contained for the murder of the hospital staff member Doctor Chang Yong. Excuse us while we go arrive for transportation to jail."
He glared at the cops to find Victor walking into sight that blocked the cops' way with hands up waving as he spoke "Forgiveness do you want it? Confess your crime."
He frowned to find Victor ignored him to kept making gestures towards the cops to hear "What?! What the hell are you talking about?!"
Terror frowned further on his lips as Victor made his hiding ability trick including seeing a chair get lifted up via invisible hands followed by his brother appearing in sight holding onto the thing. 
He groaned softly to himself as one of the cops snarled "We'll take the issue of this via recorders. The murder was recorded actually. So sit and wait Ancient One."
Terror exhaled a breath to find Victor in response going to sit down in the chair he hearing nothing from the male to recall that the egg gave him the ability to hear Victor's mental chatter. 
He felt annoyance take hold recalling the death of the egg only to hear blared in his mind "Stupid Lower Ones won't get the message that you're innocent of the death of this Doctor Chang Yong in question."
He exhaled a breath hearing Victor's voice blaring in his mind to mentally speak in response "What can I do while I'm contained here?"
Terror heard from Victor in response "Just sit tight. Get some sleep while you're at it. And no it's not the egg giving you the ability to hear me. It's I communicating towards you via mental abilities involving mind walking actually."
Terror exhaled a breath as Victor became silent and saw the male leaned back in the chair appearing to look like he had fallen asleep. He groaned and without a word forced himself to kneel shutting his eyes. He saw images fully in his mind of an angry Nightwalker pacing back and forth in front of the throne chair. Terror focused onto the image in his mind as if needing to do it to see Nightwalker pace with hands fisted swinging up and down like the King was upset with something. He kept on watching via his mind as Nightwalker slumped into the throne chair looking like he was over his angry fit to find another Bloody with looks twin to Achilles arrived into view but this time had on eye wear goggles around the neck around. Terror frowned to focus onto Achilles' twin that showed a device in his hand he recognized as a recorder. He frowned as the twin's device gave off a click sound followed by images he saw via his mind as if the images shifted to show a familiar male a Human wearing a doctor's uniform talking to the familiar cops. 
Terror frowned as the male was addressed as Doctor Chang Yong by one of the cops which the doctor spoke "Terror's DNA is very unusual for a Human. His DNA has proven to show Bloodies in him like he's a hybrid but a different form of vampire that doesn't suck blood like those Bloody idiots are known for. He appears to have immunity to various diseases known for plaguing Humans within his system hence I keeping this information out of the Bloodies' hands."
He frowned as one of the cops spoke "If they knew that you was going to use this Terror as an antidote to the Bloodies' blood lust they wouldn't hesitate to kill you Doctor."
He exhaled a breath to hear from Doctor Yong in response "Just keep the information of the city Janeiro armed with eater fires used to kill Bloodies flying in helicopters out of their hands. I'll do what I can to keep us Humans immune to the Bloodies' blood lust here in Brazil."
Terror found the image flickering to focus onto Nightwalker that stood up with eyes red and giving off loud growling noises as the King opened his mouth "Spirit of the dead go away now!"
He stiffened hearing Fishla's spoken hissing language as Nightwalker looked in his eyesight point of view and with a gasp opened his eyes finding the image of the King in his mind gone from him. He groaned softly as the electrical humming sound quit followed by Victor opening the cage's door and gesturing him out. Terror obeyed to walk out frowning while staring at Victor finding his brother wasn't alone in the freeing of the cage. 
He found the familiar cops in sight one speaking "There's something we want to show you. It's more important than the murder of Doctor Chang Yong pointed out to be done by a Sonya doing it via recorder acting as a computer. So come along now."
He frowned hearing their words to find the cops walking away he followed to find them kept on walking further into the hospital while sensing Victor following. Terror kept his mouth shut as the cops got him into a room with a table with another male wearing a uniform different from the cops inside sitting with two males besides him wearing army combative gear on their forms. 
Terror frowned as Victor went to sit down as he stood eyeing the uniformed male that gave him a glare and heard "Go sit down Terror."
He obeyed to frown finding the cops picking up a familiar device indicating of a recorder and pointing it at a wall he seeing a scene flash onto it. Terror exhaled a breath finding the familiar recording showing Doctor Chang Yong talking to the cops and what he saw via his mind. He kept on watching as the cops without a word took leave of the Doctor who walked away followed by a female nurse appearing to be a Sonya pulling out a piece of metal and followed the male into a room. He saw the recording shift to show the Sonya got the metal around the Doctor's neck in a choke hold the male appearing to be gagging to death as the metal was seen cutting into his neck. He grimaced seeing the Sonya succeeded in beheading the doctor followed by pulling out a syringe to palm it and walked out of the room. Terror found the recordings changed to follow the Sonya taking a route to a patient room to show himself inside and what happened after that he recalled fully in mind of him killing her. 
Terror frowned finding the image paused on orders of a male voice speaking "Pause the recording."
He shifted to eye the uniformed male who added "Show recording of the spider ship now."
Terror exhaled a breath and found the uniformed male's order obeyed to show the familiar minion coming into sight to hover over the ocean taking a sideways path showing a figure came out going inside. He exhaled a breath as the minion ship flew over Janeiro despite fireballs hitting it, it firing fireballs in return towards them. Terror kept watching as another scene showed himself jumping out of the minion ship to land on the roof deck of a building followed by the warship flying into the air going out of sight. 
He exhaled a breath as the uniformed male spoke again "Playback recording of this mysterious ball of light seen coming out of Terror's front now."
Terror found the recording followed by what happened next as he heard the familiar pause command followed by hearing "So talk on who are they actually? I like to know in case the Bloodies invented something serious."
He opened his mouth to speak only to clamp it shut when he heard a familiar hissing sound to find an egg floating into his line of sight while hearing gasps from the people in the room omitting Victor. 
Terror spoke firmly "This ball of light is actually computer as referred by the Tennans as their called-"
He was interrupted "Tennans? What's that?"
He sighed and spoke "Tennans are an alien species that travel to world to world that aren't just these entity balls in question. The Tennans as their called like to collect information hence the entity balls inhibiting manoids to get the information. That alien ship you saw via recording is one of theirs. The Tennans in question are humanoid forms with faces of a bird beaked mouth, bugged antennas on their heads, and beady eyes of one including hands that are clawed like a crab. They look like hell when you see one including the same with their Queen that leads them."
Terror paused and then cleared his throat and continued "The Bloodies' king when he had me sounded like he was familiar with the Tennans as in having a run in with them visiting their home world Pluto that the vampires kicked out. The vampires via confession of the King mentioned using technology littered like garbage on his home world to create an eternal darkness shield onto the planet that caused a planetary disaster of making the world dead. He also claimed to my face that the Humans that came from Pluto forgot their origins hence it easier for the Bloody species to make themselves appear to be like deities to the naives of Brazil. I'm not sure if that involves elsewhere at the moment."
Terror clamped his mouth shut to frown eyeing the uniformed male who held up a device hear a familiar beep noise followed by the lights in the room going out as he found the army men opening a window blind. 
He frowned eyeing the uniformed male who showed a bite wound on his neck and the male speaking "Scuttlebutt is that the King or any vampire like him can gain information via biting his victims. I'm pretty sure that rumor is true by me as the latest victim of a sucking when I tried to get to Janeiro to find out what's going on with a helicopter explosion."
Terror frowned to hear a loud ahem sound to find the male adding "Nightwalker as he wishes to be called got his two offsprings answering to the names of Sodom and Gomorrah into seaport aboard a warship bound for the United States' mainland according to reports. There's been no word of the warship's inhabitants in question or any communications since the warship sailed into the ocean out of port. Their not answering our hailing communications despite satellite above is currently tracking them in the gulf of the United States' state of Mexicana at the moment. We're still tracking them despite them still refusing to answer communications. We're not sure of what's going on at the moment."
Terror frowned but didn't comment a response as the uniformed male paused to find Victor making hand gestures he hearing from his brother blasting in his mind "You sure that the warship is underneath the control of the Americans? It could be underneath the control of the Bloodies trying to get out of Brazil to spread more of their deity joke onto superstitious natives."
Terror exhaled a breath to hear loudly "I hear that the Bloodies are recently forbidden from getting onto flying vehicles like planes out of Brazil via the President making it a law with political natives agreeing with him."
He frowned hearing that to focus onto the uniformed male as an image flashed into his mind he shut his eyes in a fast move to find an image of a sea vessel going over the ocean. He kept on focusing as if drawn to find the image shift to go onto the vessel like he was floating showing Humans aboard on the deck looking nervous and scared to him. He kept on eyeing the Humans finding that they had bite wounds on their necks to focus them looking in a direction. He focused in the direction to find the image shift to show the sea vessel's command center he figured it was inside with numerous Bloodies he saw working on the consoles as he saw a male twin to Nightwalker with another male twin to him standing with arms folded a glare on their faces. Terror kept on focusing further inside the warship to find inside a big hold showing numerous Bloodies appearing to be males lounging around on beds while clad in twin clothes as Nightwalker's. Terror gasped of shock loudly to feel a hand tapping him on the cheek as he found the image went away in his mind. 
He jerked open his eyes to find one of the cops was the hand's owner that spoke "What memory are you remembering in question?"
Terror found the lights still off to find the uniformed male getting up after clicking the lights on followed by hearing "I need to get some air from this meeting. It sucked that a Sonya had to target one of our highly respected doctors in murderous behavior."
He frowned but didn't say a word kept his mouth shut as the uniformed male with the two army males left the room followed by the cops holding a familiar device followed by the lights going off.
He grunted as one cop got his face inches away from him and snarled "I know that you had a vision. That you saw something terrible involving Nightwalker himself. He gives his victims visions via mental mind link after using them for feeding in question. Don't tell me what the vision is."
He groaned softly as the lights resumed their status to focus onto Victor who had arms folded which he found the cops leaving the room in response. 
He focused onto Victor to mentally spoke "That warship that's ignoring communications is carrying Bloodies to a destination to establish deity lord's status onto natives. I saw via my mind of them dressed twin to Nightwalker himself."
Terror heard from Victor in response "Your duty as slayer of the Bloodies is clear. Take out Nightwalker-"
He interrupted as a feeling of dread hit him "No! I prefer something else than to kill him!"
He heard from Victor in response "Suit yourself. Don't blame me for accusing you of sympathizing with Nightwalker from him using you as a food slave. Sickened with visions by Nightwalker enough to feel sorry for him. I was a victim of that myself by Achilles. Took me a long time to get over feeling sorry for him and start to feel differently."
Terror heard the edge in Victor's mental voice mentally spoke in response "I'm the forgiver. Confess your crime. You sound like not fully saying anything aren't you?"
He gave Victor a glare in response to hear from his brother "Achilles survived the helicopter explosion. I can feel him still around in hiding somewhere but not sure where."
Terror exhaled a breath and got an image in his mind shut his eyes to focus fully to see a piece of metal sitting on the river's floor get moved aside showing a Bloody male wearing Achilles' clothes on his form including helmet get up standing as if hurt while shaking underneath the water. He kept on watching via his mind as Achilles stumbled in the water walking onto the rocky ground toward a direction he saw wasn't towards the city. Terror kept on watching as if drawn as Achilles reached a cave entrance and adjusted the metal blast door with great strength and got it open followed by hearing a faint alarm sounding. He frowned as Achilles walked inside slamming the door with a bang sound he tracked the male walking out of the water via pool to get Bloodies surrounding him with guns drawn and hissing angrily. Terror frowned as Achilles removed the helmet showing the Bloody male's face having a scar line on his cheek with red eyes seen. He frowned as the image went away in his mind which he jerked open his eyes to focus onto Victor. 
He mentally spoke in response "Your right Achilles survived. I saw via my mind."
Terror heard from Victor in response "Nothing is more serious than an angry Bloody demanding justice done onto the city of Janeiro-"
Terror interrupted mentally "Achilles needs to ask for forgiveness from the Humans-"
He found himself interrupted by Victor still blaring ignoring his words "I can sense Achilles' mood at the moment. It might take him awhile before he's calmer enough to not have a hissy fit."
Terror heard the door knocking sound groaned softly and got Victor adding "Answer the door now."
He got up and yanked the door wide finding the familiar uniformed male with escorts walking inside shutting the door and ordering "Just go sit down now Slayer."
Terror spoke firmly once he was seated while eyeing the uniformed male going to sit "The name is Terror. I prefer that to slayer."
"Terror it is." He got from the uniformed male who added "Excuse me for not telling you my name. Vampires have been notorious sucking me too much while I'm out and about Brazil at the moment. I suspect it's their way of gaining information from them sensed biting my neck and refusing to suck my blood. They seemed to have a hand on my forehead while their biting me to indicate this information gathering of theirs. I haven't publicity said what name I've gone as a result of this vampires' sucking habit but you may refer me as Hand as in my right hand."
He exhaled a breath and didn't comment a response as Hand continued while ordering "Show the recording now."
Terror frowned to find one of the cops holding up a device onto the monitor's wall to show an undersea view he saw Achilles alive complete with his gear coverage walking in the water as the recorder followed like an animal clinging to the rocks. He kept on watching as Achilles reached a familiar cave blast door to yank it open followed by walking inside with the recording image going blank. He eyed Victor warily to find the male was making his hand gestures to notice Hand looking at his brother.
Terror frowned feeling himself confused as Victor quit the hand signs to look at him and he heard blaring in his mind "Just telling Hand as he wishes to be called that the Bloody walking underwater is Achilles himself. I admitted my connection of being a former food slave to him hence I knew he was alive."
Terror looked away towards Hand to find the male had his eyes shut with a grimace on his face seen to indicate of a vision to him. He groaned softly as images came to his mind which he shut his eyes to focus as if drawn. Terror found Achilles pacing while in presence of other Bloodies minus the head coverage gear. He found Achilles was still having that scarring mark on his face who seemed angry to him by the twin movements Nightwalker made during an angry fit. 
Terror kept on seeing as Achilles hissed out loudly in Fishla's language to his shock "What do you mean that communications to Rio Pluto is out?! Just send the communication now!"
He watched as there was a whining squeal noise coming from a console behind Achilles who grimaced from the noises followed by seeing sparks of an eater fire hitting the area. He frowned watching as Achilles grabbed the Bloody male seated at the console to yank him out of the seat followed by pressing buttons onto the device while again hearing the familiar whining squeal noise. 
Terror heard from Achilles wording that rhymed with duck to his confusion including hearing "The restless natives of Janeiro are more advanced than we thought. They cut our communications and have made it seem like I'm in the Underworld via broadcasts of them blaring it all over Janeiro at the moment. Send for a helicopter now!"
He heard hissing groans from the Bloodies surrounding Achilles to hear "Forgive us but the helicopter we had in our employ was destroyed with you-"
"What?!" He heard Achilles interrupt to give the male a glare of Human black eyes.
The male continued "It's the Brazilians. They managed to take our flying machines away from us on account of their President making a law for us Bloodies forbidden to be flying anywhere."
He stiffened as Achilles gave the male a red eyed glare to hear the Bloody added hissing "They destroyed our helicopter fleet including our planes with their weapons of destruction."
He heard groaning sounds among the Bloodies to find Achilles in a slow blurring speed move going to the male speaker to grab his neck with a hand and thrusting out a knife weapon at the male's front.
He heard Achilles hiss "What of the slayer and the drowning we pulled on to him?"
Terror exhaled a breath to hear the male speaking "The slayer survived with the help of the Tennans via warship seen orbiting the sea area where he was thrown in where he was seen getting aboard."
He kept on watching as Achilles had an angry fit to free the male and kept on pacing back and forth while waving his hands fisted above him in anger. He focused onto the spoken Bloody male that spat out blood and spoke a comment that confused him despite the word you used. He heard Achilles give out a loud roar and got the Bloodies surrounding the male to point guns aimed at him. He saw glared on the faces of the Bloodies as Achilles looked around finding himself surrounded by guns pointed at him. 
Achilles he saw spoke "Mutiny isn't it?"
He frowned as the spoken male Bloody spoke in response "You should have died in that helicopter explosion, Achilles."
Terror gasped of shock as Achilles spoke "So it was you who gave the restless Janeiro natives weapons to defend their city wasn't it?"
He found the Bloodies in response firing their guns to see electricity zappers hit Achilles who howled of pain followed by the male collapsing onto the rocky ground as if still with eyes shut. He found the vision in his mind went away to jerk open his eyes finding Hand had a hand over his forehead and was groaning loudly. Terror focused onto Victor to find his brother had head bowed and appeared to be shaking sleep from his head by the familiar head shakes. 
He spoke loudly "What's with vampires giving victims visions anyway?"
He found the lights turning off to find Hand speaking in response "You tell me, the answer, Terror. I haven't gotten an answer to that question."
Terror spoke as the lights remained off "Alright. This is vision bit an epidemic among the natives or it's just whoever is bitten?"
He eyed Hand who spoke "It's an epidemic among whoever is bitten by those vampires. I'm not the only one who suffers from it. Those visions are always on whoever was the biter to suffer visions of the biters suffering some poor medical malady to sympathize with them. I sympathize with my biter at the moment that was Achilles himself I saw a vision of him surviving the helicopter explosion and lying on the ocean floor in pain crying out. There was nothing I could do about getting those visions. They come and go without warning."
Terror inhaled a breath and spoke firmly once the lights resumed their status "But you can sense Achilles survived the helicopter explosion or no?"
He gave Hand a glare who spoke in response "I can like anyone bitten can sense the biter and their life signs. I'm aware that Achilles survived the explosion by this recording we just saw showing that happened to him and that he lived. I know its Achilles himself that survived and not the other vampires in the helicopter."
He exhaled a breath to frown visibly as Hand kept speaking "Cunning old vampires they are always surviving deadly things done to them. Even Nightwalker himself tried to flaunt that he could survive being in the Sun. Back fired onto him when the heavy sun block he put on melted away and he burned himself via the back. Its how the Brazilians see him as their deity god at the moment enough to do anything he orders. There's still pockets of Brazilians that do know who he really is and is busy trying to protect themselves from the vampires to do anything to remove them and their deity like behavior. Hence the creation of Janeiro a stronghold against vampires for natives to live not in fear but in hopes of not being bitten out of fear."
Terror frowned as he heard a faint siren sound to find one of the cops holding up the familiar device to see on the screen was the familiar Tennans' warship flying over the city in view as he saw entity balls about same number of fingers on his hand come from it flying into the city. He kept on watching as the Tennans' warship flew up into the sky and out of sight as the sirens quit sounding within the room. He found the sunlight going away to show a night sky via the windows showing darkness as he focused onto Hand.
Terror frowned as Hand spoke "Nothing can be done here except get some sleep. Kindly show Terror a bed for him to sleep."
He heard throat clearing noises from the cops to follow them out of the room as he heard "Ancient One stay. I want to talk to you."
Terror groaned softly to himself as he left the room finding the cops led the way to his familiar cage to his disgust and got hit via one of their electricity weapons to paralysis him. 
He hit the floor shaking all over as he heard "Vampires can mentally control their victims after biting them via commands to them like their commanding us."
He shut his eyes to pass out unconscious to find himself facing Nightwalker who was kneeling in front of his throne chair and looking at his eyes with a pity me look via black Human eyes. 
He found Nightwalker getting up to reach a hand towards him while snarling with his eyes red "You as the slayer will come to me or else I'll unleash my people onto the natives of Brazil to feed to death!"
Terror found himself choking to wake up with a start hearing the familiar electricity of the cage running as he gasped for air. He breathed deeply once he felt the choking quit as he got an image of Nightwalker fully in his mind. Terror shut his eyes to focus onto Nightwalker kneeling in front of the throne chair that got up with eyes red to reach a hand towards his eyesight. He again heard Nightwalker's familiar words to again choke followed by waking up. He kept on getting the familiar dream of Nightwalker ordering him to come to him along with waking up choking to his disgust repeated over and over. Terror forced himself to kneel hearing a hissing sound sounding of a Tennans' egg within vicinity but didn't see it. He eyed the cage's bars finding them still giving off lightening shows followed by the lightening quit to his relief as he heard Hey comments spoken loudly. Terror looked at the voices' speaker to gulp seeing Achilles complete with the scar on his face going up towards his cage and with a roar broke apart the cage's walls. 
He frowned remaining still as Achilles in slow blurring speed darted up towards him he hearing from the cops "Don't resist to him biting you."
Terror frowned but remained still as Achilles got him in a lock hold and bit his neck he grimacing from the pain of the bite to feel him sucking away. He grimaced when Achilles' tongue was felt followed by the male hitting the floor with eyes shut. Terror got up to see an entity egg come flying out of Achilles that went into him via stomach he grunting from the pain. He exhaled a breath once the pain went away to eye Achilles who groaned loudly while shaking his head to jerk open his eyes wide while giving off sounds of choking. Terror saw Victor appeared from hidden status gagging Achilles with both hands onto the male. He ran towards an angry Victor and grabbed his brother's arm.
He spoke loudly "Brother! Don't do it! Give him mercy I say! Let him live!"
Terror found Victor released Achilles to notice the Bloody was staring at him with widen shocked eyes. He pulled Victor away from Achilles who shrugged out of his hands' hold to walk away throwing fists of anger above his head he noticing his brother pacing. Terror gave Achilles an angry glare to find the Bloody remained lying on the floor with hands up in a Human surrender gesture.
He spoke loudly "Talk Achilles on what you're doing here. Forgiveness you want it? Confess your crime."
He heard from Achilles in Human language speaking ""I blame the Tennans' entity balls getting into Bloodies like me and taking control of our bodies and systems to act whatever the Tennans themselves want hence I here under control of one."
Terror exhaled a breath to hear the familiar singing sounding in his mind to figure that the Queen was hidden nearby near him like she seemed to be hiding hear him. He ignored the singing to focus onto Achilles as Victor kept up his pacing while fading in and out still waving his arms he ignored. 
Terror spoke "Kindly explain what's going on with Nightwalker your King giving me dreams-"
"It's just the link from being bitten by him doing it to you." He was interrupted by Achilles who added "My biting you destroyed the link. You can't hear him to receive messages as you call it dreams."
He frowned as an image flashed into his mind to shut his eyes to find Achilles in the helicopter noticed the fireball arriving towards the flying vehicle to jump out after he was tossed out. He found the helicopter bursting in an eater fire that appeared to kill the Bloodies inside as Achilles was hit from behind via a piece of the machinery and appeared to be knocked unconscious. Terror jerked open his eyes when he heard a loud roar sounding of Victor's angry voice with his mind to find Victor in a fast speed move shocking him had managed to grab Achilles by the jacket and was shaking the male.
Victor was blasting talk he heard "You fool didn't warn your own companions of the upcoming torpedo hitting the helicopter! You're a further idiot than I thought you would be! No wonder I'm pitying you out of anger!"
Terror inhaled a breath and spoke loudly "Achilles, isn't there something you want to admit hmm?"
He gave Achilles a glare as Victor kept on shaking the male who appeared to look nervous followed by speaking "Call off your dog, slayer!"
He heard Victor blast "Dog?! I'm no dog!"
Terror gave up a loud ahem sound to get Achilles speaking in response "I saw the torpedo arriving to hit the helicopter a long way off which I purposely tossed you into the river and followed you out."
He heard from Victor blasting "You're lying on this talk Achilles! Tell me the truth now!"
Terror gave Achilles a glare who spoke "Just call off your dog, slayer and I'll talk."
He without a word went to Victor and peeled his brother's hands off Achilles' jacket while finding the vampire sitting up in response and speaking "It's Nightwalker. He drilled in us that Bloodies lower ranking members of the army are expendable to die while I including him of my higher court rank aren't. I saw the torpedo like I said and saved myself."
He heard Victor give off a roar to find Achilles look nervous to the noises as he without a word got his brother out of the caged area and put the fence back on to see the familiar lightening locking the vampire inside. 
Terror found Victor pacing back and forth which he focused onto his brother to hear blared in his mind "The Tennans are collectors. They like to collect information from worlds including taking samples of living organisms to suit their purposes."
He ignored Achilles' blaring in his mind to turn around to blast towards the vampire seeing him display red eyes "I already know of that! No need to tell me of it!"
Terror gave Achilles a glare and without a word turned his back and faced a pacing angry Victor as he again heard "Whatever name that the Tennans call you is true on who and what you are to them."
He again turned around to glare at Achilles who kept on blasting in his mind "Tennans tried to take Nightwalker off Pluto as a sample. We put up a big fight in response which I admit it. I wound up dumping someone else onto them in exchanged for my King to staying planet bound. You were the one that was exchanged in his place after they rejected numerous Humans to give them an excuse to get off the planet."
Terror felt his mood plummet further as no memory came to his mind as he kept on glaring at Achilles while hearing the Queen singing angrily within him. 
He kept the glare as Achilles added blasting "You don't remember because of what the Tennans did to samples they take off planetary worlds. They make them forget who or where they came from once the manoids are contained in their Queen. The Queen's interest in you is from you being a latest toy that she's playing at the moment to favor."
He spoke loudly while hearing the Queen's angry singing in his mind as Achilles paused "Anything else you want to say to me Achilles? Cut it with the staring at me with your eyes like that and talk!"
He glared at Achilles feeling his mood turning to anger as Achilles removed the red eyed look showing Human black eyes and spoke "My King will have you come to him."
Terror kept the glare aimed at Achilles who smirked followed by lying down onto his side and appeared to have fallen asleep. 
He gave up a loud Hmph to hear "The nerve of that idiot saying that comment!"
He sighed hearing Victor to find his brother standing next to him with arms folded Human style and hands seen fisted. 
Terror mentally spoke towards Victor in response "Achilles was trashing the Tennans to me via his ridiculous mental talk."
He heard the Queen's angry singing groaned softly to recall to himself that the Queen could hear the thoughts of manoids having entities inside them. 
Terror focused onto Victor to find the male giving off an Hmph sound in his mind followed by his brother adding "It doesn't matter how you see the Tennans anyway. He was trying to keep you from suggesting to the Janeiro natives of having an alliance with the Tennans in this war battle with the vampires' species."
Terror exhaled a breath to continue to hear from Victor "Besides from what I'm seeing via his mind while he was awake is that he's got a mental link to the King and several other Bloodies. All reportedly in the King's circle that are connected same way the biters are connected to the victims being bitten. I can see that he thinks his King knows that he's alive and is in process of trying to free him. I highly doubt that freedom thinking he's thinking while awake."
Terror frowned as Victor grabbed his arm and added "Come with me now."
He obeyed to follow Victor through the hospital unstopped who released his arm to find them going to the helicopter's pad. He frowned warily to find a helicopter land in view that looked twin to Achilles' helicopter followed by his familiar vampire sense tingling again. Terror found a Bloody minus the helmet coming out as the city's lights shined. He glared at the Bloody who held up a familiar gun device and fired it point blank rang aimed at him. Terror grunted as electricity jolts came out of the gun to hit him in the chest as he found himself sagging against Victor's hand holds. 
He grunted as he heard "One slayer as ordered. Tell Nightwalker that I, Achilles am alive and well."
He stiffened hearing Victor's words as Victor got him inside the helicopter followed by walking out as he got laid down followed by a familiar drug injected into his body he feeling paralysis. Terror felt his mood plummet further at Victor's betrayal as the helicopter flew in the air a lengthy time period to his annoyance. He felt the familiar effects of Rio Pluto's shield going through the helicopter making his paralysis go away as he felt himself able to move but kept still. He glared at the Bloodies that hauled him out via stretcher bed once the helicopter landed and got carried into the King's residence he finding himself carried to Nightwalker's throne room. Terror kept the glare as he remained still to find the Bloodies dropping the stretcher bed onto the metallic floor with a bang sound. He frowned as he found a slow blurry Nightwalker appear into view to find the King thrusting his fist next to his head while in a kneeling pose. 
He glared as Nightwalker blasted into his mind with eyes red "So slayer we meet again."
Terror kept the glare as he heard the Queen's familiar singing sounding in his mind in an angry voice tone. 
He ignored her singing to focus onto Nightwalker with a glare finding the King standing up and snarling "Hold him!"
Terror heard the Fishla's hissing language from Nightwalker as the guards obeyed to lift him up into a standing position with ironclad holds all around his body. 
He kept the glare aimed at Nightwalker as he spoke firmly "Is this the thanks I get from you, Achilles for calling off my dog?"
Terror grunted as a fist connected with his face he finding it belonged to Nightwalker who blasted in his mind "You should have let your dog handle Achilles. Achilles obeys me and my orders without questioning them. Don't try to fool me with that act of mercy you gave Achilles. It's just a trick to get him to talk to a slayer like you. Your dog calling himself Victor, in question, is the one who the Tennans accepted off Pluto in my place."
He gave up a gasp in response to Nightwalker's words while feeling Nightwalker resume punching his stomach over and over. He grunted loudly from the punching as he heard the Queen's familiar singing in an angry tone. 
Terror ignored the Queen's singing to speak loudly as his anger started rising within him "What's the point of having me being in your presence? I heard you specify me to be out of Brazil into the United States' state of Canada."
He glared at Nightwalker who halted his punching mid punch as if the King was shocked while seeing the male had eyes wide. He kept on feeling his rage take control found himself giving off a loud roar of anger. Terror found himself tossing aside the guards' handholds onto him as he easily peeled their hands off and threw them away from him. He found Nightwalker in response went to sit down in his throne chair with a smirk on his face seen. Terror found the King's guards in response after tossed off wound up getting up going towards him to resume their grabbing holds. He kept on tossing off guards into the air one at a time finding Nightwalker was still seated on his throne chair watching him and not looking concerned. Terror felt his rage kept taking control stomp towards Nightwalker to find his guards forming a wall in front of the King while holding up their familiar guns pointed at him leaving two guards to stand off his sides. 
He glared at the guards' wall and spoke loudly once he felt his angry mood go down "What's the point of this ridiculous exercise?"
Terror grunted as he found two of the guards on his sides grabbed his arms as he found himself unable to toss them off. 
He grunted as they kept on trying to pull his arms out of their sockets as he heard "Enough! Just hold him!"
Terror found the guards' wall break apart followed by the guards resuming their hand holds onto him to his disgust he giving out a sound of disgust loudly. 
He glared at Nightwalker who walked up towards him to grab his chin and blasted in his mind "I forget one thing slayer is that your abilities to fight off Bloodies is only activated by me hurting you."
Terror kept the glare as Nightwalker gave up a hissing laugh sound followed by hissing loudly "Toss this slayer in the brig now!"
He found the guards freeing him along with two resuming their hands' holds onto his arms to yank him away from Nightwalker as he jerked and struggled in their grips finding it ironclad and refusing to break. Terror heard Nightwalker snickering loudly behind him as he was pulled and pushed out of the throne room's entrance to find Beatrice still in her covered up dress walking by that did a hand on her hips movement seeing him. He ignored Beatrice stomping inside the throne room slamming the door with a bang sound as the guards got him through the King's residence to back to Nightwalker's familiar hot sticky jail cell and tossed inside. 
Terror groaned from the heat once inside the jail cell to remove his top throwing it aside as he mentally spoke "Blast Victor and his betrayal."
He heard the Queen sounding of anger in his mind via the singing ignored her voice tone to keep on mentally blaring "What's the point of Nightwalker admitting to me that my dog I call him attacking Achilles was the one the Tennans took from Pluto in his place?"
Terror grunted as he sat leaning back against the bench while hearing the Queen's singing sounding angry to him as he heard "Nightwalker is lying on that talk. It wasn't your dog Victor as you call him that was taken from Pluto but someone else actually."
He focused his heat stroked eyes onto a guard standing in the jail cell that tossed him a familiar bottle he clumsy caught. Groaning he opened the bottle and without a word towards the guard gulped down the contents of the milk he feeling himself terribly thirsty abruptly. 
Terror heard from the guard mentally "Our King is partially wrong on your ability to be a slayer of us Bloodies."
He halted mid drink to focus onto the guard who kept on chattering he heard "I don't think you're a slayer actually. I think your an advance form of Human the Tennans picked up from Terra before us Bloodies arrived. The Tennans toted you around with favoritism seen."
Terror resumed drinking in response he continued to hear "Terra according to us Bloodies that survived the disaster of Pluto had indications of humans living there before the arrival of our food slaves and fellow Bloodies' ships that crashed into Brazil. The Humans living in Terra before our arrival were few in number and seemed an advanced form of manoid life form living primitive despite there scattered technology seen lying around abandoned and forgotten."
He kept his mind blank in response as he kept on sipping the milk while hearing "The primitive Humans have balked on being contacted by us Bloodies instead remained living among nature in Brazil and no where else. It's why our King has built our city of Rio Pluto here in hopes for containing one of those Humans for contact's sakes. Hence I telling you this talk you seemingly sarcastic in believing me."
Terror halted his sipping to glare at the guard to find Nightwalker step from hiding around the Bloody as he was joined by another guard both having gun weapons aimed at him. 
He kept the glare in response as Nightwalker blasted in his mind "You're the only primitive Human I was able to capture. I admit it I thought you were a slayer but it turns out you're not. I know slayers very well from fights with them on Pluto before they went extinct that their fighting style is different from the way you fought them. Your fighting style is twin to the primitive Humans we have been trying to capture."
Terror didn't comment a response cracked the milk bottle once he was done gulping its contents down. He smelled the familiar smell of blood coming from his hand making him get excited as he eyed Nightwalker who grimaced followed by the King walking out of the room. He ignored the glass bottle cutting into his hand as he continued to glare at the guards remaining in place standing with guns drawn. 
Terror kept the glare as he heard blasted in his mind "Release the bottle for us to attend to your hand now." 
He obeyed despite seeing blood appearing to look twin to Nightwalker's blood dripping off his hand twin way he saw the King's bloody nose drip. Terror kept his mind blank as the guards hoisted their guns and without a word towards him began to fix up his hand. He ignored their ministering onto his hand as he looked down while glaring at his free hand fisted. Terror felt rage hitting him abruptly shut his eyes and willed himself to breathe deeply via his nose. He ignored the pain of the guard's tools onto his hand to get out the glass pieces out of the cut area. Terror found the guard declaring him done to glare at his hand seeing a mark line form on it that looked dark despite his yellow vision seeing it. He leaned back against the bench feeling himself too angry to sleep as the guards left him alone in the jail cell. Terror found himself blinking his eyes back and forth as an image flashed in his mind. He groaned softly and shut his eyes to focus onto the image in his mind he saw was of Beatrice standing with hands on her hips. He frowned as he saw Beatrice looking at Nightwalker naked and lying on a grand bed with a golden headboard.
The King heard hissing "Beatrice what's gotten you upset now?"
Beatrice in response yanked off the dress showing her form as a Human female, he gasped seeing her face reminding him of someone he not sure, he remembered who. He kept on watching as Beatrice without a word tossed Nightwalker the dress the King caught who tossed it aside. 
Beatrice hissed ignoring her naked body to Terror's disgust "Who is that prisoner I saw the guards pulling out of the throne room?"
Nightwalker hissed "He's of no concern to you. Come to bed love."
Beatrice hissed in response "Then why is he familiar to me?"
Nightwalker rolled his eyes and spoke in response "He's not a concern to you and your feelings. Just come to bed now. I need my sleep."
Terror eyed Beatrice that got onto the bed and without a word laid flat as Nightwalker got himself on top of her and appeared to be attempting to do mating behaviors onto her. 
He felt disgust take hold as Nightwalker hissed "Woman remove your hands from my private now! I urged to be inside you!"
Terror kept feeling disgust as Beatrice was heard hissing "Not till you tell me who that prisoner is and what's your quarrel with him now."
He found Nightwalker in response raising himself up and hissing in an angry voice tone "You think you can control me Beatrice? I'm the greatest King ever lived. I control more than you can control-"
He frowned as Nightwalker cut off his hissing to stare at Beatrice he saw to his shock had Victor's all blue eyes and she hissing "You were saying love dear?"
He heard the firmness of Beatrice's voice tone frowned while hearing Nightwalker hissing "Woman who are you really?"
Terror frowned as Beatrice hissed in response "I'm your Beatrice as you know me and the greatest love of your life. But this time I'm actually a native born of Terra before you and your people arrived to take control of everything."
He heard the disgust in her voice tone to focus onto Nightwalker who gave up a groaning sound sounding of whining to him followed by Beatrice adding hissing "Talk love on who this prisoner is to you."
Terror found Nightwalker hissing "He's identified as a slayer of us Bloodies but I told him the lie that he was one of you instead."
He stiffened hearing Nightwalker's confession to hear from Beatrice "Lie? He reminds me of my family relations Julian as he's dubbed that was found drained to death you claiming it's an accident. Tell me what's going on now!"
Terror exhaled a breath to hear from Nightwalker "Beatrice, he's Julian himself reborn via experiments done onto him on Terra via our technology. Julian was given a blood transfusion with my blood and healed after I drained him. "
He stiffened of shock hearing Nightwalker's words as the King continued "The Tennans arrived to Brazil during the middle of me building Rio Pluto and threatened planetary harm if I didn't give them an acceptable Human that they wanted to favor for some unknown reason. I was forced to give them Julian dubbing himself Terror to them. I managed to wipe traces of his life as Julian from his mind with help from their Queen doing it for me."
Terror heard the Queen singing in an angry tone in his mind as he concentrated onto Nightwalker who kept on speaking "He doesn't remember that he's Julian from me sucking him and scanning his mind. All he knows is his life as Terror or as the Tennans call him, not sure why they picked the name All Seeing One."
He found the scene changing to find himself facing the Sages with his Father standing giving him a glare. 
Terror spoke "What's going on with this Nightwalker telling a wild story about me as this Julian?"
He eyed his Father who spoke firmly "If you have noticed that Beatrice habitually plays jokey behavior onto Nightwalker as in refusing him to mate and getting amused with his wild stories he tells her. Once she's amused is when she permits him to mate. She habitually pulls this attitude onto Nightwalker over and over despite it's a lie on what he said regarding you as Julian. It's Achilles who's Julian in question not you."
He frowned but didn't comment a response as he heard "Bloodies' blood back then was potent enough to make Humans become Bloodies themselves. It's what the survivors did onto Julian after he was sucked to death. Hence he having the ability to speak he forgot he had it when he met the Humans living on Terra. Besides the Bloodies quit doing that blood transfusion transfer after finding females dubbed Sonya coming to exist. It's just a practice that fell out of favor in favor of mating with females to create more of their species instead of blood transfusion."
Terror frowned hearing that from the Sages to focus onto them only to get his chin grabbed by a hand felt gloved as he heard "Wake up!"
He blinked sleep from his face shaking it as the hand removed itself followed by focusing onto a guard with a glare he feeling himself not inclined to get up despite ordered. Terror ignored the guards' blaring commands to find them grabbing his arms and getting him into the wheelchair followed by locking him into it. 
He again shook sleep from him to find the wheelchair moved out of the jail cell making him grumble loudly "Feeding time for the animals. Ugh." 
Terror heard nothing in response to his comment but the Queen's familiar singing in his mind. He ignored her singing sounding angry to him to focus on where he was going to find himself pushed to the throne room he finding Nightwalker inside seated on his throne chair. Terror gave up a sound of disgust recalled Achilles' confession regarding the entity controlling him and Bloodies.
He mentally spoke in response "Entity controlling you Nightwalker?"
Terror got Nightwalker cocking his head of confusion to grunt from the pain of the entity darting out of him heading in a fast move towards the King. He saw Nightwalker scream of terror once the entity entered him followed by slumping over shaking his form twin to the female Sonya's form shaking. Terror found the guards freeing him from the restraints to force him to kneel he finding Nightwalker flaring red eyes and shaking his head. 
He kept the glare as Nightwalker was heard blasting in his mind "Nice try with that entity entering me trick. It can't control me like it did towards my General Achilles. Now order it out of me or else."
Terror kept the glare as he spoke loudly "Get out of Nightwalker now. You're not able to control him anyway."
He grunted as he saw the entity fly out of Nightwalker and went back inside him he groaned from the pain while bending down. 
Terror willed aside the pain and glared at Nightwalker who smirked to hear "It's interesting that you as an All Seeing One is nothing but a pathetic Human."
He felt annoyance take hold hearing Nightwalker's snickering tone as the King gave up hysterical hissing laughter followed by cutting the sound off in a gasp.
He heard "Beatrice!"
Terror exhaled a breath to find Beatrice not clad in her covered up dress but wearing another form of the dress without the head wear come into view a glare on her face he seeing she had all blue eyes. 
He gulped seeing Beatrice's hands were on her hips as she gave him a scrutiny look followed by hissing "Why is this Human's face reminding me of someone including the name of All Seeing One?"
Terror glared at Nightwalker who appeared to gulp followed by the King hissing "He's no one but a rare slayer of Bloodies I thought was extinct."
He frowned as Beatrice's look became more glaring he gulped seeing as she hissed "You sure of that talk Nightwalker?"
Terror kept his mouth shut while eyeing Nightwalker with a glare to find the King again gulping and hissing "Beatrice just leave now-"
"Absolutely not!" Beatrice heard hissing in an angry voice tone who added "I demand to know why this Human is familiar to me now!"
Terror felt the entity within him dart out making him bend groaning to hear an aha sound from Beatrice along with Nightwalker hissing "Beatrice!"
He grunted from the entity felt resuming its position inside him to keep on glaring at Nightwalker who was kneeling with pity me looks in his black eyes as Beatrice walked into view with a glare on her face he grimaced seeing lightening flashing from her back. 
He kept his mouth shut as Beatrice hissed "You pathetic vampire! You dare to treat one of my own children like this manner!"
Terror gulped hearing Beatrice's words to find Nightwalker putting hands together and pleading "Beatrice-"
He found Nightwalker interrupted by Beatrice reaching out a hand to place onto Nightwalker's neck appearing to be gagging him. 
Terror grimaced seeing Beatrice's lightening show kept on flashing as she hissed "You will free my son from your link and leave him to be to live as he wants while in Brazil and leave him alone!"
He exhaled a breath to keep on thinking anything as Nightwalker in response got up with his pity me look still seen and went to him to place a hand over his chest he grunted from a familiar charge of zapping hitting. He found images cluttering up his mind to his shock within him as the guards released him. 
Terror noticed Beatrice giving him a glare spoke recalling the reason why he gave Achilles mercy "I gave Achilles mercy from recognizing that he's a living being that deserves to live. All life is sacred that deserves to live regardless of who or what you are."
He quit talking to find Beatrice hissing "Get my son out of Rio Pluto now!"
He found the guards obeying to get gestured to come along which he obeyed finding them handing him his familiar top from the jail cell and got him into a helicopter. Terror sighed and didn't comment a response as the helicopter flew up in the air passed the shield as the images in his mind kept on assaulting him. 
He grimaced from the images to shut his eyes only to open them when he heard "Where to son of her?"
Terror recalled Janeiro spoke "Janeiro."
He found the helicopter in response making the familiar trip to Janeiro and parked on the hospital's landing pad which he got out and speed walked towards the medics waiting for him. Terror ignored the helicopter that took to the air as he went to the medics that got him onto a wheelchair followed by the familiar oxygen mask placed over his mouth and nose making him sleepy which he shut his eyes. Terror focused onto the images in his mind willing himself to concentrate onto one image he saw was of Nightwalker mating with Beatrice on the floor of the throne room with her skirt raised up. He grimaced and forced himself to focus onto another image he saw was of Achilles pacing back and forth while in his caged jail cell. He found Victor seated in a chair with Beatrice's face to his shock. 
He gulped as he realized to himself "Victor is Beatrice's son she mistook me as him."
Terror heard nothing in response to his thought to find himself back onto the beach facing the Sages giggling while not noticing him glaring. 
He found his Father next to him as he spoke "Victor is the son of Beatrice mate of Nightwalker himself."
Terror found the Sages giving him narrowed eyed glares in response and found his Father thrusting his chin to look at Ancient One. 
He frowned as his Father spoke "The use of you as her son was an excuse to free you, All Seeing One."
Terror frowned hearing his father use the term All Seeing One to hear from Ancient One "She really did birth Victor himself who's her son actually with me. She had Victor before the Bloodies crashed onto Terra with their ships of invasion. Beatrice and I parted on amicable terms. She had goals of controlling the Bloodies via their control of blood lust and converting Humans into vampires. It was her who used Victor's blood to create the Sonya plague that was attempting to kill off the Bloodies' blood lust behavior. Instead it created the females dubbed Sonya named after the first female Human that developed that disease. She solved a problem of preventing converting but realized that Nightwalker was power mad by some primitive natives seeing him as a deity lord and greatest King as he calls himself. Beatrice wound up going after Nightwalker as a result to charm him into a permanent pairing. He fell for it and has been kept in line by her womanly charms."
He found his Father paused to laugh which he spoke "Who's Beatrice actually?"
Terror heard Hey comments from the Sages followed by his Father speaking "Her name was originally Ariel, whose sister was named Tamara."
He gasped of shock recalling the story he told Nightwalker during his containment in Rio Pluto to find his Father added "Some of the Human natives of planet Aire fed up with the vampires on their home world fled to Terra after a lengthy search via trees giving them entry to Terra. Those doorways in question are now closed now. They won't reopen again. The Airy natives have been living in Terra primitive and passing down their descendants they dub Ancient Ones, which you and I are one of them. The Lower Ones are actually the Humans that crashed from Pluto with the Bloodies. Enough of this talk. You should be asleep resting."
He found his eyes forced shut to pass out unconscious to come to hearing the Queen's loud singing in his mind in an insisting tone. Terror groaned rolling over while lying on a bed to hear the Queen's singing kept on blaring in his mind. He jerked open his eyes of annoyance to sit up looking around as the images in his mind assaulted him again. He groaned and forced himself to concentrate onto one image he saw was of Victor sleeping on the floor next to his bed still clad in his familiar armor with his helmet back covering his face. He focused onto Nightwalker as if drawn to find the King seated in his throne chair looking dejected to him. 
Terror frowned as he heard "Love, come to bed. You need your sleep."
He sighed hearing Beatrice's hissing to find Nightwalker getting up with head still bowed and found the view shifted as if following him to find him going to the doorway where Beatrice stood with her head bared. 
Terror found himself focusing onto Nightwalker without a word took Beatrice's hand he hearing "I'm just tired, Beatrice."
He frowned hearing the depressed tone of Nightwalker to find Beatrice placing a hand onto Nightwalker's face in a soothing rub as the King shut his eyes he appearing to like the rubbing. 
He kept on watching as Beatrice spoke "I have all the time to help you get the rest you need, love dear. Never forget that I still love you my dear."
Terror sighed recalling himself speaking those words to Helena before the Bloodies caught them in the jungle in the middle of a mating ritual. He sighed as he saw Beatrice kiss Nightwalker on the lips fangs and all who hugged her in response as she broke off the kissing. 
He sighed as Beatrice accepted Nightwalker's hug followed by her speaking "Come let's go to bed. I still want to try something to help you sleep I learned from watching TV."
Terror heard a step in the room he was in to open his eyes finding the images of Nightwalker and Beatrice went away followed by the familiar cluttered images filling his mind. 
He groaned softly as a medic arrived into the room that spoke "Excuse me I was just checking that you were up and awake. I'll be back with the nourishment for you and your sleepyhead guest on the floor."
"I'm not a sleepyhead!" He heard Victor blare as he found his brother appear in view to stand with arms folded minus his helmet on as the medic without a word left the room. 
Terror mentally spoke "Who's your Mother anyway?"
He added while noticing Victor's glare "I think I've met a female who's claiming me as her son by our faces twin but she had your eyes actually."
Terror frowned as Victor spoke mentally "She's named Ariel and that's all your to know of my Mother. I don't care to answer more questions of my Mother with you anyway. So don't ask me that question again. I don't want to speak of forgiveness or confess my crime."
Terror sighed and smelled food to find the medic coming into the room pushing the squeaky cart who placed a tray with dishware of food onto his lap. He felt himself ravenously hungry gobbled up all the food and gulped down the drink of milk. He sighed once he was done to find Victor seated on the floor crossed legged eating his food via objects in his hand in a slow manner while appearing to be staring at him with a glare.
Terror gave the medic the tray who took it and left the room pushing the cart as he mentally spoke towards Victor "Alright I forgive you for that jokey stunt of being underneath Achilles' influence as long as you forgive me for bringing up that inappropriate question on your Mother."
He eyed Victor who looked away and resumed eating he groaning loudly and found the bed adjusted for him to lean back. 
Terror leaned back to find the medic back into the room speaking "Terror would you come with me?"
He obeyed to follow the medic to the helicopter's landing pad to spot the Tennans' Queen floating above while seeing no Tennans in sight. 
He sighed and got told "Tennans via communications of their entity balls wanted you back in their hands. You're free to go anyway."
Terror didn't comment a response jumped up into the Queen to focus via her eyes seeing her and minions flying in the sky to orbit Terra the planet that looked familiar to him.
He heard from the Queen "Fire eaters onto the planet now!"
Terror gasped recognizing Terra to yell "Don't you dare destroy Terra! Hold your fire now! Terra is my home planet! I recognized the planet!"
He got from the Queen in response to his yelling "Hold fire! Prepare for landing now!"
Terror exhaled a breath hearing the Queen's familiar prideful tone in her voice as the ship flew down towards the planet he finding wasn't landing in Brazil to his confusion. He kept on eyeing the scenery to see the Queen and minion ships fire eaters onto a mountain that formed a hole. Terror sighed seeing them forming a cave dwelling for the Queen to rest creating more life forms to find the Queen's ship splitting him out. He landed into a pool of water with a splash to reach the surface finding himself in a peaceful lake from the looks of it. Terror swam towards the shore to get out and went to jump into a tree to land. He spotted the minions breaking apart into pieces and figured to himself that the Queen found them useless and had finally settled in her cave dwelling. 
He mentally spoke in response despite the Queen heard singing in his mind "I wonder what life on Terra will bring me?"
He heard nothing in answer from the Queen only to get an image of a pair of Tennan's feet flashing in his mind that was strongly held as he leaned back against the tree's trunk. Terror focused onto the Tennan's feet as if drawn to find the being was walking on two feet instead of crawling on fours. He frowned as the feet reached his tree to hold up a hand clawed and rapped it onto the trunk. Terror sighed and peered down towards the Tennan standing there looking at him which he jumped down to land next to the being. He stared at the Tennan warily to find the being getting onto all fours and waving its seat aimed at him to his disgust. 
Terror spoke "What are you indicating with that seat waving?"
He heard nothing from the Tennan but growls from it sounding annoyed to him. Terror sighed and eyed the Tennan's seat to find the Tennan jabbing a clawed hand towards his sensitive part and jabbing it towards its seat. He groaned and stripped himself of his clothes and boots once naked and got behind the Tennan feeling with a hand for an opening. Terror found the opening and found his hand came away with a familiar stink to his disgust. He gave up a sound of disgust and without a word thrust his sensitive part inside the Tennan's expelling area despite it spilling a mess onto him. He thrust in rhythm till he spilled himself inside the Tennan and found himself still itching to mate again did another round of thrusting. He found the gook quit spilling onto him to his relief as he found himself easily thrusting in and out followed by again spilling inside the Tennan. Terror once done pull out and ignored his clothes while hearing groaning sounds from the Tennan. He ignored the Tennan to go to the lake to dive into the water forcing himself to be clean from the spilled expelling mess. Terror once he found himself cleaned climbed out of the lake to go to his clothes putting them on to notice the Tennan he mated with was still lying on the ground appearing to be asleep. He grunted an annoyed sound and jumped up towards the tree branch to sit leaning back only to find an image in his mind persisted. Terror exhaled a breath to groan and shut his eyes to focus as if drawn a familiar object flying in space he realized it was a satellite that was going through a field of rocks in space he figured were asteroids. He kept on watching the satellite to find its journey was slow traveling through the asteroid field while avoiding being hit by the giant rocks flittering around it. Terror sighed and felt he had an enough of viewing the satellite focused his mind to see elsewhere focusing onto Nightwalker and Beatrice. He found Nightwalker asleep in bed with eyes shut as Beatrice laid next to him gently rubbing the King's cheek with a hand and without a word wrapped her arms around him. Terror sighed seeing Nightwalker remained asleep as he forced himself to look elsewhere to focus onto Victor sleeping in a tree from the looks of it. He frowned to look around the tree finding it was in the Bloodies' city of Rio Pluto from the looks of night time flashing he finding the shield gone showing the evening sky showing sunset above. Terror frowned feeling himself confused as he saw Victor remove the helmet and saw his brother had a smile on his face who remained asleep with headwear on his lap. 
He heard the Queen's annoyed singing sounding in his mind to recall with shock the tone meant "Look elsewhere."
Terror exhaled a breath to mentally think to himself "I figured out what's the riddle involving the name people have been giving me as All Seeing One. It involves my mental ability to see anything I want if I concentrate enough for it via my mind-"
He cut himself off when he heard the Queen's singing sounding of a happy tone to him. 
Terror didn't comment a response to mentally spoke "I think its time for me to sleep now."
He kept his mind blank in response to the Queen's singing lulling him to sleep. Terror opened his eyes to feel pawing onto his face. He found a drone one of the Tennans in the tree with him pawing his face and giving off a growling noise. He heard buzzing sounding odd to feel something drip onto his head. Terror looked up to find the buzzing belonged to an insect like nest of bees buzzing around it ignoring him. He groaned and got up jumping down onto the ground and found the sun low in the sky. Terror laid down onto the ground shutting his eyes only to wake them when he felt ants crawling all over him. He grunted to find the ants and without a word got up and jumped into the lake washing himself clean of the ants. Terror heard the Queen singing in an annoyed voice tone groaned softly and got out of the lake to stand on the shore glaring at the beached ground to find it had multiple ants crawling all over the place to his disgust. He eyed the trees warily to see beehives in the tree branches of them to his annoyance. Terror walked in the forest intending to walk away only to find an entity ball getting into his way ramming itself onto his forehead. 
He grunted from the ramming to snarl "Do you mind?! I'm trying to find a place to sleep!"
Terror glared at the entity ball that hissed noises he heard sounded to him like "You stay here."
He walked around the lake to find a log sitting in the water he eyed warily to find it had a hollow inside which he sighed and went to the tree trunk. He walked into the water and climbed aboard the log to find it snuggly fit him to sleep in like a cradle. Terror sighed and shut his eyes to dream of the Sages looking at him with narrowed eyed looks. 
He found a hand on his chin to face his Father who placed a hand on his forehead while speaking "Remember your origins Terror."
Terror gasped as he found himself dreaming of his Father mating with a Tennan. He saw the Tennan's form bloated and fat followed by shredding backwards to show himself complete with the animal skin clothing on his form that got up staring at Ancient One with pleading see in his eyes. 
Terror exhaled a breath from the dream as his Father spoke "Terror is your name."
He found himself via the dream speaking "Terror."
Terror didn't say a word as he found himself back facing the Sages and his Father who appeared to not notice him there. He frowned as his Father kept on ignoring him to find Ancient One walking on water to his shock towards the Sages. Terror eyed his Father who took the arms of the Sages turning them around and found a bright light shining brighter and brighter blocking his view of them. Terror grimaced from the bright light shining in his eyes to jerk them open with annoyance. He found the sun shining overhead low in the sky to indicate morning to him. Groaning Terror felt his stomach rumble got up from the cradle and jumped into the water. He found fishes swimming to catch one and hauled it out of the water via the beach to eat it with his teeth. Terror found his hunger satisfied to find a Tennan on fours he figured was a lower drone of the Queen walking up towards him to poke his leg. He didn't say a word in response as the Tennan kept on poking his leg which he sighed once he was done eating the fish to bones. He dropped the bones onto the ground to find the drone he figured he'll refer it picking the fish's bones up and chewing onto them. Terror ignored the Tennan chewing onto the bones noisily as he recalled his mating with another drone a higher form that could walk on two feet. He walked back to his familiar tree to find the Tennan lying on the ground had thin form bloated and fat to notice it had a male Human's sensitive part to his disgust, sticking out. He glared at the Tennan whose form shredded backwards showing a male Human with his animal skin clothes on his form but had shorter hair and no facial hair at all. He sighed and waited for the Human he figured was a male to wake up which he found the drone poking it with its clawed hand. Terror frowned as the male woke up doing a double take look while staring at the drone before his son's eyes focused onto him. He sighed seeing the familiar pleading look in his son's eyes he saw via dream of himself to find the male getting up to stand staring at him. 
Terror spoke loudly "Justice is your name."
He found Justice speaking as if echoing him "Justice is your name."
Terror jabbed a finger aimed at himself and spoke "Terror."
He found Justice repeating "Terror."
Terror found Tennans arriving into view from crawling from trees to surround them both he hearing his name of Terror spoken among the drones. 
He sighed and mentally spoke towards the Queen "You had me create an offspring to be taught how to speak Human language?"
He heard the Queen's singing sounding in a joyful tone groaned and without a word began the lesson of teaching Justice and the Tennans spoken Human language he recalled was dubbed by the word of British. 

Terror recalled the memory of Justice's creation fully in his mind. He grimaced feeling the electrical charges of pain hitting him as he kept his eyes shut refusing to open them. He kept on forcing himself to focus onto his memories as he recalled himself free and not contained like he was now. Terror recalled another memory as he found his mind scanned
Terror in the memory, woke up from a nap in his cradle by a familiar ramming move done onto his head. 
He glared at the entity ball that hissed hissing out Human language words "Wake up!"
Terror obeyed to sit up in his cradle to glare at the entity ball with annoyance running through him. 
He heard the Queen singing angrily to hear the entity ball hissing "Queen insists that you get up and attend to your offspring snooping around the entrance to her dwelling. He's refusing to be shooed away by servants instead used his hands hard onto them."
Terror groaned and paddled himself to the shore via paddle found in the cradle and without a word got out and stood with eyes shut looking for Justice. Only to get the familiar ramming by the entity ball which he opened his eyes to glare.
Terror heard "Just follow me now!"
He obeyed finding the entity ball sailing up towards the trees ignoring the stinging bees buzzing around in them. He groaned and forced himself to follow the entity ball despite grimacing from the bees felt stinging him when he went by their nests. He ignored the stinging to jump from tree to tree following the entity ball a fast move till he found the thing going down. Terror heard a familiar roar sounding of Justice's voice to drop down from the tree to find his son throwing fists aimed at the entity ball that was ramming his forehead. 
He groaned softly and spoke firmly "Justice!"
Terror formed a glare and eyed his son who quit the fisting onto the entity ball and snarled a growling noise he heard familiar was indicating that his offspring was too far gone in his anger to listen to his parental authority. He didn't speak a word instead walked up towards Justice who began hitting him with his fists while kicking him. He grunted from the feel of Justice's feet hitting his sensitive part over and over till he felt rage hitting him. Terror with a loud roar found Justice refused to back down from the hitting grabbed his son by the neck and lifted him up dangling his feet. He glared at Justice who fisted his hand around his neck while still choking in an angry voice sound. Terror stiffened as he saw foam came out of Justice's mouth who growled angrily. 
He groaned to realize to himself "Justice is sick with some medical ailment."
Terror heard the Queen singing angrily in his mind only to find an entity ball coming in sight hissing he hearing "Queen says terminate Justice now!"
He groaned softly while hearing the Queen's singing in his mind sounding angrier when he lowered Justice and let go of his son who began throwing fists aimed at him. He groaned softly and with a fast speed move tore off Justice's head off his neck beheaded him. He groaned to drop Justice's head onto the ground to find multiple Tennans arriving in view from crawling via trees to go towards his son's dead body. He grunted an annoyed sound as the Tennans began digging the earth around Justice till they got his body entirely covered. Terror found a Tennan poking him on the leg which he glared at. 
He heard "Go home now."
He heard it spoken in Human language forced himself to walk in a direction only to find the familiar entity ball getting into his way speaking "Follow me."
Terror felt his control snap roared out "I'm not taking the trees with those stinging bees in them!"
He glared at the entity ball that ignored his outburst and kept on saying its follow me command. He grunted and without a word followed the entity ball into trees to again get stung by bees as he jumped from branch to branch to tree to tree. Terror felt annoyance take hold once he arrived to his familiar lake with his cradle to jump into the water he having an enough of the stinging felt all over his body. He growled an annoyed sound as he reached the bottom of the lake to find a crocodile at the bottom snapping its jaws at him. Terror felt his mood plummet and with anger running through him grabbed the crocodile by the jaws and proceeded to break its jaw including snapping its spine killing it. He pulled the crocodile out of the lake via walking method finding it was still slipping in his hand's grip on the tail. Terror felt himself terribly hungry without a word proceeded to tear the crocodile in pieces killing it and ate what he could eat from the internal organs. He found its stomach was full of fish to his disgust which he ate. He found himself terribly hungry ate up the whole crocodile till its outer skin was shown with bones and muscles he left alone. Terror went to his cradle to get inside and paddled into the lake ignoring the crocodile's carcass he noticing Tennans crawling from the trees going towards the remains of the crocodile. Terror laid down in the cradle and shut his eyes only to hear noises of Tennans growling like they were fighting to him. 
He ignored the growling till the noises got too much for him to roar loudly "Quiet!"
Terror heard silence from the Tennans resumed sleeping in his cradle only to hear the noises resumed. He jerked open his eyes with annoyance running through him to glare at the blue sky as the sun went lower the noises seemingly lengthy to him. 
He kept on glaring till an entity ball came into his eyesight hissing as the Tennans' noises pause "Get up now! You need to run!"
Terror exhaled a breath and forced himself to sit up in his cradle finding the Tennans were crawling away from the beach appearing to be going to the trees. He heard the entity ball hiss its command for him to get up running. He obeyed to paddle the cradle to the shore and got out finding nothing left of the crocodile he ate and killed. Terror growled an annoyed sound and without a word began running around the lake finding a part of it emptied into a river that was slow moving and appeared to be low to him. Terror felt himself thirsty kneeled at the river's bank and brought his hands into the water to pool liquid into them and brought them to his mouth. He found the water tasted good to him greedily drank his full then got up running back to his part of the lake and wound up following it on the beach. He found a dam appearing to be made by animals sitting in one part of the lake to realize that his water home was created by the beavers damming up the river. He sighed and ignored the dam to continue on walking taking a slow walk exploring his home. Terror kept on exploring his home within vicinity of the lake. He found nothing to indicate of Human inhabitation to him within its vicinity. Terror sighed as he went to the river and was intending to follow it only to get an entity ball blocking his way along with Tennans dropping from trees growling.
He heard from the Tennans "Go back now!"
Terror heard the entity ball hissing the Tennans' verbal order which he obeyed to walk back the way he came. 
He mentally spoke in response "Is that river leads to where your home is my Queen?" 
Terror heard the Queen singing various emotions via his mind to figure that she answered his question with a yes via her own way. He ignored the Queen becoming silent to continue on walking back to his lake. Terror wound up hearing the Queen singing of alarm in her voice jumped up into a tree to hide waiting among the bees. He found the bees not buzzing instead were silent as the forest was silent of noises. Terror frowned but focused via his All Seeing One ability to find Humans from the looks of them walking in the forest some holding objects in their hands appearing to be headed towards his tree. He jerked open his eyes of annoyance to find a shadow blocked out the sun to his confusion. Terror looked up as if drawn to find something glowing metal and shininess blocking out the sun that appeared to look huge to him. It size made him nervous as he kept on eyeing it. He found the thing crashing via the tree he was in to jump to another tree and waited eyeing the metal shiny thing smacked itself through the tree. He found it crashed onto the forest's floor after splitting the tree in half. Terror frowned finding the thing was familiar to him as it remained sitting on the forest floor as he again heard the Queen giving off her familiar sound of alarm singing in his mind. He grunted hearing chattering of Human voices sounding excited by their voice tones to find Humans in sight on the ground darting towards the thing lying on the floor. Terror heard Human voices sounding of excitement to him making him disgusted as he adjusted his foot hold to put a hand on a tree branch. He grimaced when he felt pain hitting his hand on the tree branch he was about to put on along with additional pain of a pecking feeling. Terror looked with annoyance to find the source of pain was a large spider jabbing its fanged teeth into his hand as another animal he saw was a large black bird that was pecking onto his hand appearing to try to get the stinging spider. He removed his hand and found himself hit with dizziness to groan loudly. Terror groaned as the dizziness persisted followed by finding himself falling out of the tree groaning loudly. He hit the ground with a loud grunt to hear sounds of surprise from the Humans along with excited voices jabbering languages he found himself not able to understand as the dizziness took control. Terror groaned lying on the ground as the Humans came into view one poking him with a stick from the feel as he shook his head trying to shake the dizziness while rubbing hands onto his face. He heard a sound of crunching to frown as Humans lifted him up and forced him to walk while two had their hands on his arms in ironclad holds. He groaned shaking his head from dizziness as he felt himself sick abruptly to throw up the contents of his stomach as he was pulled through the forest. He found himself not paying attention to where he was going as the Humans got him onto a familiar bed while seeing a helicopter in sight landing. Terror groaned as there was an oxygen mask placed over his mouth and nose. He found himself falling asleep lulled by the drug in the oxygen mask as he heard the Queen singing her familiar song urging him to sleep which he obeyed to pass out unconscious.

Terror came from the depths of sleep to feel a prick of pain in his neck he grimaced from the pain as he found himself lying on a bed he sensed was a hospital bed. He groaned feeling his wrists were restrained in clothe as he grimaced from the pain of the needle. Terror found himself passing in and out of unconscious and conscious status not paying attention to where he was while hearing voices of Humans chattering loudly. He found the voices' chatter become quieter and quieter during his periods of sleeping on and off during awareness status. Terror heard coughing sounds during his periods of awareness despite dizziness still in his eyesight he unable to see clearly via his eyes. He found his eyesight was fussy to him as he struggled in vain to see the Humans wearing white clothes doing their work around him. Terror found the coughing sound kept on taking hold to the point of getting annoyed with it. He during a period of awareness heard the coughing sound along with raspy breathing sounding of someone wasn't breathing very well to his annoyance. He kept on hearing the raspy sound sounding all over the place including multiple coughing noises. Terror found himself coughing in his sleep to his annoyance waking him up to cough bouts. He kept on coughing himself awake till he heard his breathing get raspy found himself feeling like he was choking. He groaned softly as he gasped for breath to find a needle prick of pain injected into his arm bare of clothing. Terror found the needle remaining into his arm to his annoyance despite he unable to tear it out. He kept hearing the coughing sound sounding around him get fainter during periods of awareness till he found himself breathing normally to his relief. Terror found himself no longer coughing to breathe deeply till he felt the familiar needle in his arm adjusted to be taken out along with a new one put in place. He jerked open his eyes of annoyance to focus onto a figure of white next to him leaning over him while he was lying in bed. He focused onto the figure he saw was of a Human male with looks of his Father he stiffened seeing. Terror stiffened as the Human, he recognized as one of the Ancients from twinning to his Father straightened up his form. He frowned focusing onto the male's face to find him giving off a coughing sound to his annoyance. He gave up a growling noise in response to the coughing. 
Terror heard the Ancient One speaking "Don't worry just rest Ancient One."
He gave up a loud growling sound as Ancient One kept on coughing before going to a table holding various medical equipment he finding the male was typing onto a computer device. He kept the glare boring at Ancient One's back till he felt himself urged to sleep obeyed shutting his eyes passing out unconscious.

Terror came to feeling a hand patting his cheek he jerked open his eyes to find Ancient One wearing an oxygen mask that kept on patting his face. 
He glared at Ancient One who spoke "Get up and tell me how you feel now."
Terror found his wrists freed of the restraints to sat up snarling a growling noise while glaring at Ancient One who spoke "I know you can understand what I'm saying so talk now."
He spoke firmly his first words after awhile "What do you want?"
He glared at Ancient One who spoke in response "A cure to the plague hitting us Humans at the moment."
Terror found Ancient One's words not making sense to him resumed lying down on the bed only to feel the male's hand patting his cheek. 
He jerked open his eyes with a glare aimed at Ancient One who spoke "Tell me how you feel now."
Terror spoke with sarcasm "I feel fine enough to want to thrust my fist into your face Ancient One."
He kept the glare as Ancient One spoke "Just get up and walk now. I want to see you walking."
Terror groaned softly and obeyed finding his legs strong enough for him to walk. He walked around the room examining items via his eyes and folding his arms and refusing to touch anything. Terror heard loud gasping sounds from Ancient One as he gave the male a glare he hearing was gasping of shock to him. He kept on glaring at Ancient One who darted towards a table to lift up a syringe and darted towards him. Terror darted away from Ancient One dancing out of reach of the syringe the male was holding attempting to jab into him. He gave Ancient One a kick of his foot and sent the syringe flying hearing it shatter on the floor as he found the male breathing hard via oxygen mask and collapsing onto his knees. 
Terror gave Ancient One a glare who spoke "Your...forgiveness...All...Seeing...One."
He heard Ancient One stumble the words as the male slid to the floor. He found himself pitying Ancient One went to the male to lift him up into a sitting position while squatting near him. 
He found Ancient One stumbling his words he heard translated to himself "You must find the sea vessel the Agamemnon, captained by Connor Elric and get aboard. Get your blood the cure to the plague sickening me injected into Connor Elric and whoever is aboard his warship. It'll save them from the sickness plaguing the manoids all around Terra not sparing anyone regardless of who they are."
He stiffened from Ancient One's words as the male gave up a puff of breath and went still while still held in his arms with eyes open that appeared to be dead. Terror forced Ancient One's eyes shut and found the male sliding from his hands as he noticed a name tag attached to the male's white jacket. 
It took him a moment to read the words "Doctor Ridgen Zianan." 
Terror exhaled a breath figuring to himself "I got to take his identity to get aboard this sea vessel once I find it."
He adjusted the Ancient One's clothes and shoes taking them off the male finding the male's body was pale and thin. He put the clothes and shoes on over his furry clothes and wound up finding a door in the wall. He went to the door to yank it open to smell the familiar stink of death to his disgust. Terror found himself in a sea vessel after doing some exploring to find the thing was sailing in the seas alone without anyone guiding it. He groaned softly and without a word recalled the command center of the vessel to find it different from normal command centers to find Humans stinking of death lying in it. Terror exhaled a breath and forced himself to grab the controls of the vessel. He with careful figuring managed to figure out how to control the sea vessel that was smooth and white through the ocean as he focused his All Seeing One power onto the mysterious Agamemnon. Terror found his All Seeing One power focused onto a sea vessel that looked twin to the sea vessel he saw Bloodies in. He found his focus onto the sea vessel kept on taking hold each time he searched for the Agamemnon. Terror sighed and focused onto the sea vessel he figured was the Agamemnon to find it wasn't in vicinity of his vessel's ocean spot. He groaned softly finding himself guiding the sea vessel he was in towards the Agamemnon that appeared to be drifting in its spot and refusing to budge from the oceanic area it was in. Terror found himself staying awake till the point of collapsing asleep to get the sea vessel to the Agamemnon. He found a terrible thunder and lightening storm arrived making the ocean waves look angry and jostling the boat up and down to his annoyance. He kept on finding the ocean was angry and not letting him sail through. Terror found the sea vessel giving off a loud creaking noise of indicating it was breaking apart. He groaned softly till his eyes focused onto something hanging off the side of the vessel that appeared to look like a cradle boat. Terror found the sea vessel still giving off creaking noises. He ignored the noises as he darted out of the command's center towards the cradle tip tossing in the boat's tipping in the waves. He with great strength got himself aboard the cradle and broke its bounds finding it dropping off the boat into the maelstrom. He found the sea vessel he saw sinking into the water disappearing from sight as he clung to the cradle's sides feeling the cradle going up and down in the raging storm. Terror groaned but forced himself to cling to the boat as it went through the storm seemingly lengthy propelled in an unknown direction. He found the storm after awhile of raging ceased to his relief. Terror breathed deeply as the storm left him and the ocean waters calm. He sighed and focused his mental powers onto the Agamemnon finding the boat was within vicinity of it and found an engine to propel the cradle he figured was another version of a boat a sea vessel. Terror found exhaustion taking him found himself falling asleep as he shook sleepiness from his eyes while still guiding the boat towards his destination. He found exhaustion overtaking him as he found the Agamemnon in vicinity to collapsed onto the boat's floor ignoring that the engine was still running as it made a beeline towards the sea vessel. Terror passed out unconscious to come to feeling the boat rammed into something jerking him awake along with feeling hands shaking him awake. He jerked open his eyes to find the boat's engine was silent and attached to the Agamemnon via ropes as he found a Human male in the boat with him with looks of Lower One to him. 
Terror rubbed the sleep from his eyes as the Human spoke "Take the ladder now, Doctor."
He sighed recalling the name tag on his jacket including clothes and without a word climbed the ladder of rope going up to the deck of the boat. Terror found himself followed by the Human male sensed on the ladder below him. He ignored the male and kept on climbing till he reached the deck to feel hands pulling him over as he found multiple Humans gathered around with various emotions on their faces. Terror found one of the Humans was a male with a familiar uniform of Hand giving him a look of scrutiny via his eyes narrowed seeing him. 
He spoke firmly recalling the language the Human male used to get him onto the ladder "I'm Doctor Ridgen Zianan. I have the cure to the plague within me-"
Terror was interrupted by the uniformed male speaking "That's what the last doctor said he had within him. Turns out he had some sickness of the plague within him and was tossed aboard once we got him in quarantine. Get this doctor into quarantine and test his blood now!"
He didn't comment a response as Human males wearing suits of clothing and oxygen masks grabbed his arms and pulled him to a part of the deck where there was a tent. He found the tent was appearing to look like a small medical bay. Terror found himself restrained in bed by the covered up males who rolled the sleeves of his clothing including not sparing his animal skin clothing. He gave the Humans a glare of annoyance as they began drawing out samples of his blood from the looks of it. 
Terror spoke "I really do have the cure to the plague in my body system-"
He was interrupted by a human barking loudly "Quiet!"
Terror groaned softly and remained restrained to the bed as the suited up males kept on drawing his blood repeatedly while appearing to be testing it via their machines. He found his restraint condition and blood drawing seemed lengthy to his annoyance till the familiar uniformed male came into the tent with shock on his face. 
Terror frowned eyeing the male warily who spoke "Your telling the truth. You do have the cure to the plague in your body system. Our tests revealed you cured of it."
He exhaled a breath to find the male added "I'm Connor Elric, Captain of the Agamemnon this sea vessel. I order Doctor Ridgen Zianan freed from quarantine and brought below decks for him to rest."
He found the suited up males obeying to get up giving them a glare and wordlessly followed Captain Elric out of the tent to the deck he found himself surrounded by numerous Humans gathered around he noticed some were both Lower Ones and Ancient Ones by the looks of them. Terror kept his mouth shut on that as one of the males an Ancient One from the looks of him wearing a twin uniform like Captain Elric stepped forwards to block his way. 
He gave the male a glare who spoke "Impossible. How did you find the cure?"
Terror found Captain Elric speaking for him "Commander Kang it doesn't matter as long as the cure heals us from this plague to live again."
He kept his mouth shut as Captain Elric got him inside the sea vessel he found had looks of a military vessel from the looks of it to a medical bay from the looks of it. 
Terror heard from Captain Elric "You'll find everything you need to distribute the cure among us.'
He spoke firmly once Captain Elric made a motion to leave "The cure is my own blood that must be injected."
Terror found Captain Elric speaking in response "Just prepare the serum Doctor. I expect results within the next day."
He found himself alone in medical bay with Captain Elric leaving him to groan softly to himself. He took a look around medical bay to recall the syringe the Ancient One grabbed and tried to inject into him. Terror searched via medical bay finding multiple syringes holding bloody liquid in them. He kept on searching with vain to find an empty syringe. Terror felt disgust take hold picked up a bloody liquid filled syringe and felt himself tired abruptly. He pocketed the syringe into his coat pocket and laid his form sideways onto the bed shutting his eyes. Terror found himself passing out unconscious to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder in an insisting move. He groaned from sleepiness as the hand kept on shaking him. Terror jerked open his eyes to find himself facing a familiar male he recognized as Commander Kang as identified by Captain Elric calling him that. 
He gave the Commander a glare of annoyance to find the male whispering "The serum do you have it?"
Terror recalled the syringe in his pocket held it up to find the Commander taking it and adding "Just sleep now."
He resumed shutting his eyes only to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he found the hand belonged to Captain Elric with other Humans gathered around his bed. 
Terror gave them a glare of annoyance to find Captain Elric speaking "The serum did you make it yet?"
He got up in response and went to the syringes of blood sitting in a drawer and yanked it open to hold up a syringe. Terror heard excited Human voices as the syringe was taken from him along with syringes from the drawer. He kept his mouth shut as the Humans omitting Captain Elric took their turns injecting the bloody contents into their arms. He found himself thrust an empty syringe to find Captain Elric leaving the medical bay which he followed ignored by the Humans gathered inside. Terror followed Captain Elric unnoticed as he rolled up his sleeves and grimaced from the pain of the syringe's needle injected into his arm. He kept on following Captain Elric as the syringe's bottle filled up with his blood and then took the thing out and rolled up his sleeve. Terror followed Captain Elric to the deck to find the male was standing among the darkness of the night despite he having night vision. He stood with arms folded a hand holding onto the syringe finding night vision blinking on and off as the sun rose in view. He found the sun rose followed by clearing his throat loudly. Terror heard a gasp from Captain Elric who looked in his direction before resuming looking at the sun he noticed a sad expression on the male's face. He stood clearing his throat multiple times waiting for Captain Elric to acknowledge him.
Terror heard from Captain Elric "The sun is nice anyway."
He didn't comment a response walked up towards Captain Elric to stand next to the male while holding the syringe. He and the Captain via his memories of his mind had a talk followed by injecting the male with the syringe's bloody contents. Terror kept his mouth shut once Captain Elric walked inside as he remembered and found the male going to medical bay it empty of Humans to lay his form down onto a bed. 
He frowned while eyeing Captain Elric who muttered out loud "Hopefully this should work."
Terror kept his mouth shut instead went to sit down in the office's chair feeling like he didn't have much to do. He wound up sleeping on and off ignoring his All Seeing ability flashing in his mind to hear coughing sounds sounding loudly jerking him awake. He got up with a start to find Captain Elric was coughing loudly in his sleep as he noticed Commander Kang lying on the bed next to the male. Terror found no one in sight to go to each man and injected them his blood via syringe. He heard Captain and Commander quit their coughing to remain still with breathing deep. Terror frowned as he kept vigil over Captain Elric and Commander Kang. He found Captain Elric scratching his left arm in his sleep heavily like it was itching as he found Commander Kang doing the same to his left cheek on his face. Terror frowned but went to examine Captain Elric's arm to find the scratching left scarring marks on the area in three different symbols he stiffened recognizing it as worded language. 
Terror stiffened reading the words "He the One."
He went to Commander Kang to examine the male's cheek finding a scar line forming on it via the scratching he finding a mark appearing to form a language to his shock. 
He read "Lives."
Terror kept his mouth shut as he examine both males and found their itchiness quit followed by both remaining asleep. He went to sit down and recalled his All Seeing One power to focus elsewhere on the warship to gasp of shock seeing various Humans, mostly Lower Ones suffering from twin medical ailments as Captain Elric and Commander Kang via their arms and cheeks. He groaned softly as the medical ailment of markings seemed permanent to him via what he saw with his mental ability. Terror kept on watching via mental abilities to find the Ancient Ones appear to develop a hidden state ability including an ability to have their eyes all blue to his surprise. He frowned finding a hand shaking his shoulder during one of his napping periods of examining the two Humans in his medical bay shaking him awake. Terror jerked opens his eyes to find an Ancient One with looks of Victor and armor on his form to his shock was the hand's owner.
Terror frowned as the Ancient One was heard mentally speaking in his mind "The cure to the plague has taken a life of its own creating something else onto us, Ancient Ones and Lower Ones brother dear." 
He stiffened with shock to realize that the Ancient One was Victor as confirmed via his words as he mentally spoke "Where have you been Victor?"
Terror got from Victor in response "Just hiding around Terra avoiding the Bloodies and their blood lust to survive while dying out. Appears that Nightwalker's assassination-"
He mentally interrupted "Assassination? Who killed him?"
Terror got from Victor a sound of disgust followed by his brother adding "The Bloodies wound up in denial that Nightwalker's life span came to an end and he passed away while in his sleeping status. They called his death an assassination and tried to target the other Bloodies' in Nightwalker's circle. Only Achilles managed to survive contained in Janeiro where he later died in his sleep himself. The Bloodies during their anger of Nightwalker's death began to target each other to death till the point that they killed each other off. The plague hitting Terra took out the remaining Bloodies left alive they not immune to the sickness hitting Humans including us."
He sighed and didn't comment a response as Victor grabbed his arm and pulled him to stand. 
Terror frowned while eyeing Victor warily who mentally spoke "Come with me."
He frowned but followed Victor out of medical bay finding the two Humans lying in bed were still asleep ignoring everything around them. He followed Victor through the warship passed Humans lying asleep all appearing to be Lower Ones. He saw some had markings of Elric's marking while some had Kang's marking as he passed them led by Victor to a door. He frowned as Victor knocked on the door with his armored hand three times to find it open showing a female with looks of an Ancient One with yellow colored hair appearing to be blond, that stepped aside gesturing him to get inside. Terror obeyed to find an Ancient One female lying on the bed bare of clothes and looking at him with some look in her eyes like she expected him to do something. 
He found the female that answered the door behind him speaking "It's your duty as our leader of us to mate with her and create descendants to survive and populate Terra."
Terror grimaced from the memory of hearing the female's words who without a word left the room leaving him alone with the female Ancient One. He sighed and began stripping himself of his clothes and shoes including his Doctor's persona. He found the female's eyes widen seeing his animal skin clothes he ignored her looking at him. Terror stripped himself of the animal skinned clothes and boots till he was naked and found the female looking at him with a look of approval on her face. He sighed and didn't comment a response to the female's look to get himself on top of the female and found her remaining still as he entered inside her to thrust in motion. Terror heard nothing from the female but grimaces of pain on her face making him annoyed as he kept on thrusting in and out of her. He felt himself urged to let go obeyed spilling himself inside the female while hearing her hiss a breath of pain. Terror groaned loudly as he felt himself still inclined to mate did another round of it while holding onto her hips. He found the female kept on hissing of pain as he again spilled inside her. Terror got up once the mating was done to put on his animal skin clothes finding his Doctor's persona clothes gone from the floor. 
He figured to himself "The female at the door must have taken them. I'm no longer required to go around as that doctor anymore."
Terror found the female shutting her eyes appearing to be asleep ignoring him staring at her. He went to the bed and adjusted the blanket to cover her form up to her neck and found she remained asleep. 
Terror heard a door knocking sound on the door went to answer to find the familiar female there that spoke "Your done so go wander elsewhere now. We'll let you know when she has the offspring."
He didn't protest as he walked out and recalled Elric and Kang went to medical bay to find both Humans were still lying asleep but sensed that they were still alive their itchy problem quit itching them by their still movements. Terror went to sit down in the office's chair to shut his eyes focusing onto the Agamemnon's inhabitants via his All Seeing ability. He found Humans lying asleep still like Elric and Kang. Terror focused onto Victor to find his brother still clad in his armor and helmet was on the deck with the sun setting seen that disappeared via the horizon. He sighed and went to look elsewhere finding himself looking at the female he mated with jerking her head back and forth while lying in bed. Terror focused onto the female to find her body was bare of a blanket as she jerked her head back and forth with eyes shut. He frowned focusing onto the female's abdomen finding it growing in a fast speed move till it became swollen with child he figured she was carrying. Terror kept on watching as the familiar female who answered the door arrived into view and began to paw the female's sensitive part where the baby would come out. He found a baby a male coming out with looks of Victor's eyes flashing in his Human black eyes along with fading in and out via some hidden state ability. Terror frowned as the female placed the baby onto the mother's breasts to suck as she again pawed the mother to indicate another offspring was coming out. He saw with shock as baby boy come out with both markings of Elric and Kang on him that gave up a loud wailing sound sounding loud. Terror grimaced from the noises to feel a hand tapping him on the shoulder startling him from looking. He jerked open his eyes to find Victor was the hand's owner that gave him a narrowed eyed look without anything seen in his all blue eyes. 
Terror frowned while eyeing Victor warily who mentally spoke "Come with me."
He obeyed to follow Victor back to the room where the female birth his offsprings to find the other Ancient Ones were gathered outside about ten in number he counted. Terror frowned as Victor led him through he seeing the Ancient Ones staring at him with twin all blue eyed looks to his annoyance. He felt himself annoyed as Victor reached the door to the room it open and walked inside with him following. Terror found the female assisting with the Mother who was still remaining asleep with head still seen jerking. He groaned softly as he recognized to his disgust that she was a Sonya a female Bloody he didn't realize before. 
Terror glared at the female Ancient One who spoke noticing his arrival "What names will you want to name your sons?"
He heard the edge in her voice tone indicated on something unsaid but went to the bed to eye his sons. Terror reached out a hand towards his son that was wailing away that quieted to coo once he gripped one of his fingers.
He found the son gripping his finger had marks of Elric and Kang on him which he spoke "Call him Justen."
Terror recalled the memory fully in his mind of his love towards Justen enough to want to keep him alive despite his murderous attitude towards the Tennans, their Queen and entity balls that later got the name of computer as said by Tennan to him. He shifted from the memory fully in his mind to recall as he felt his mind still deeply scanned by the Telepaths, Human creations of the Tennans survivors of the kicking out status by natives of Terra. He continued to recall fully in his mind the Agamemnon went aground against a cliff wall and got stuck via a powerful storm. Terror felt disgust take hold as the Telepaths kept on scanning him to his annoyance that he and the other Lower Ones escaped the Agamemnon's trap except for Connor Elric. He recalled that Connor Elric refused to leave the warship instead appeared to be compelled to remain a trick by the Soulers as the Ancient Ones now refer themselves to keep him contained. Terror glared at the Telepaths while he was lying in the bed restrained in their mental asylum for declared insane still scanning his mind. He kept the glare as he sensed the entity ball that was inside him during his time on the Agamemnon had managed to escape Justen's wrath and was elsewhere. Terror kept on glaring with annoyance take hold as he heard a step in the room. He kept the glare as a male Telepath with a broach symbol of Kang's marking on his chest arrived into view. Terror glared at the Telepaths who silently stared at him ignoring the new Telepath arriving into the room. He kept the glare feeling the restraint trap hitting him with charges of electricity at each jerked movement. 
Terror recalled the Telepaths' trap done onto him as in one meeting him and speaking "Justen is in trouble. Go free your son now."
He recalled using his familiar All Seeing ability with the Telepath watching him to focus onto Justen he finding his son a full grown Gate Destroyer as the species were named for both markings of Elric and Kang on them in a restraint trap. He gasped of shock seeing his son he loved dearly grimacing from the pain as he heard nothing from the Telepath in response to his gasping. Terror continued to remember he used his All Seeing One ability to find Justen contained in a jail cell in a building later learned to be the mental asylum for insane restrained. He managed to break his way inside to get to Justin only to get knocked via dart guns firing onto him via the Telepaths coming into sight via a hidden curtain around the room. Terror kept the glare as he recalled waking up restrained in his familiar trap that contained Justen to find his son standing nearby staring at him with a look of confusion on his face like his offspring didn't know who he was. 
He kept on glaring at the Telepaths to hear a male voice loudly via mind "Do it now!"
Terror heard a female voice speaking sounding in his mind "It's risky. He may not know who he is or what his purpose once we do this."
He stiffened from the female voice's words to find the male voice speaking sounding firmer and angry "Just don't worry about this. I handled the mess in Justen's mind. I'll handle the mess in Terror as he calls him self's mind. So do it now."
Terror exhaled a breath he figuring out that he was hearing the Telepaths' mental talk to hear from the female voice "It's your life on this Commandant, that this better work-"
He heard the voice get interrupted "It'll work trust me."
Terror stiffened further from the male's angry voice sounding firm as he felt the restraints around him tighten their holds. He grunted struggling to free himself as the bed he was lying on got manipulated by the Telepaths tipping him over till his back was facing up. He kept on grunting to free himself as he felt the pillow his head was banging against removed along with finding nothing holding his head back from tipping it back and forth. Terror grunted as he felt a pair of hands firmly holding onto his head via the ears he felt belonged to Justen. 
He snarled out "Whatever your doing don't you dare do it!"
Terror found his words ignored as he felt his long hair removed from his neck baring the back of the head's area. He kept on struggling as he felt snipping done onto an area on the back of his head right where the neck met till the area was felt bare of hair. Terror gave up growling noises as he felt something smooth placed onto the area along with a needle's prick of pain felt jabbing him. He kept on grunting while struggling to move his head as the hands' holds became ironclad as the needle went deep inside his head via the pain. 
Terror heard mentally in his mind "Inject him with the serum now."
He kept on fidgeting as there were sounds of liquid pouring into the object's needle into his head along with additional pains of two more needles. Terror grunted as he found himself blacking out unconscious. 

He woke up via an unknown voice speaking a compelling voice ordering him to awake. He found himself confused to why he didn't remember the voice or the language's uses. He kept on getting urged to awake obeyed to open his eyes finding a figure facing him with eyes that made him feel annoyance to see. 
He heard words spoken from the figure's mouth he finding himself understanding as if drawn to hear "Terror. Your name is Terror."
Terror frowned feeling the name fit him but felt confused to why he didn't remember anything involving that name fully in his mind. Terror kept on staring at the figure he saw from recognition was a Human with eyes all one color that matched the clothes the figure was wearing with a shiny jewel symbol seen. Terror focused onto the jewel as if drawn to find it seemed familiar to him but couldn't place it. 
He heard the Human still speaking words he focused to understand "So tell me what do you see via your mind's mental ability's the All Seeing One power of yours?"
Terror frowned while staring at the Human feeling confusion hitting him as there was another figure came into sight to grab his hand. He looked with confusion hitting him at the Human who was dressed in different clothes as the spoken Human and had markings of familiarity on his left cheek and left arm. 
Terror found himself not upset by the marked Human's hold onto his hand as he shifted to eye the spoken Human who spoke again "I'm called Commandant as my title and name."
He frowned feeling himself confused as Commandant added gesturing towards the marked Human with a head bob "His name is Justen. He's my enforcer actually. Protects me from harm."
Terror found the name of Justen seemed familiar to him but couldn't place the name fully in his mind. 
He focused onto Commandant who kept speaking "Tell me Terror what do you see within your mind?"
He shut his eyes to find multiple images fluttering in his mind all over the place as he heard "Concentrate onto an image. Concentrate onto one of them and let it take control within your mind."
Terror obeyed to see fully in his mind a male figure wearing a uniform of one color with a face that wasn't Human but reminded him of something with things flapping on the sides of the head in furious moves. He kept on concentrating onto the image as he saw a Human male walk into sight the male having facial hair in one color as the hair on top of his head. 
Terror kept on watching via his mind as the Human spoke "I'm General Leroy leader of the rebel battle group Terra against the Telepaths. We have a common enemy the Spiders themselves."
He frowned hearing General Leroy he assumed was the male's name speaking in a different language than what was spoken by the Telepath as he concentrated onto the scene. 
Terror kept watching as if drawn as the figure with things flapping on the sides of the head spoke in twin language "I'm called Callan of the species Fishla. You must be desperate to contact us for help with your civil war as your fighting among yourself."
He frowned further but kept on focusing onto the scene as urged by Commandant's voice he hearing Callan and General Leroy get into a discussion on an alliance in Terra's civil war. 
Terror felt he had an enough of the scene shifted to look away only to hear the Commandant's voice speaking "Keep focusing onto that scene. Keep watching."
He found himself forced to obey by the compulsion of the Commandant's spoken voice ordering him to do it. Terror kept watching the scene till General Leroy left the room with the Fishla behind him waving a fisted webby hand and resume looking out a window. 
He heard from the Commandant "Look away now and open your eyes."
Terror obeyed to focus onto the Commandant who quit moving his mouth he finding the male's mental voice blaring "Justen free Terror from the restraints now."
He found the Commandant's order obeyed by Justen tearing off the restraints tying him to the bed followed by helping him up to stand on his own feet. Terror eyed Justen as he felt a familiar feeling hitting him that confused him while eyeing the Human.
He looked away towards Commandant who mentally blasted "Come with me."
Terror obeyed following Commandant with Justen sensed taking up the rear out of the room into a bright lights of the hallway. He frowned as he spotted a humanoid being sitting on the wall like it was attached as he paused to stare at it. Terror felt confusion hitting him on what that creature was only to find Justen giving off a loud growl and pushing him to walk. 
He gave up resistance only to hear from the Commandant "Don't mind that creature. It's just a Tennan. A spy for us."
Terror frowned hearing the name Tennan sounded familiar to him as he again felt himself pushed via Justen. He obeyed to walk following the Commandant to see other Humans on the way with markings on them different from Justen. He eyed the Humans seeing some only had markings on their faces while some only had markings on their arms. Terror frowned but followed the Commandant a maze or corridors past Humans he noticed gave the male fear looks in their eyes while spotting multiple Tennans clinging to the walls. 
He frowned as the Commandant led him to a room with a window showing darkness outside and got ordered "Take a look."
Terror obeyed to go to the window to stare out seeing nothing at first then the lights of the room went out. He found himself gasping via his vision changed to find himself looking at a huge cavernous room with an opening above that showed the night sky. He kept on looking while hearing disgust sound from Justen despite the Commandant silent in response. Terror saw in the middle of the room was something that resembled a dead tree with spines in a large shape sized. 
He frowned speaking his first words in the Commandant's language "What is that am I seeing?"
Terror heard an Ugh sound from Justen followed by hearing from the Commandant mentally "That's the machine that creates weapons for us Telepaths. Weapons such as ships to fly in the air to fire off weapons onto other ships to help fight in this war."
He frowned sensing the Commandant's words had an edge in like the Human wasn't going to say what he was really going to say. Terror didn't comment a response instead found the lights to the room turn on which he blinked his eyes from the glare. 
He shifted to eye Commandant who mentally spoke "Sit down Terror."
Terror obeyed to sit down onto the floor in a crossed legged position as if muscle memory had it. 
He frowned as he sat and spoke "What do you want Commandant?"
Terror heard from the Commandant "Just show me what I want to see via your mind."
He obeyed despite his instincts screaming at him to not to do that he ignored. 

Terror found annoyance take hold he finding himself contained in the room with the window to the machine by the Commandant that refused to let him walk out wandering around to his disgust. He found the Tennans seemed to be obeying the Commandant kept him away from the door via one clinging to it and kept on giving him growling threatening behavior whenever he walked near it. Terror felt annoyance take hold after another accounted time of ordered to see for the Commandant and fellow members like him.
Justen was heard hissing during the Commandant's visit "Telepaths. They mind scan you Terror to see what your seeing."
He felt disgust take hold along with annoyance to find the Commandant seemed to favor Justen like an offspring he saw via his mind on alone periods left alone in the room. Terror found the machine kept giving off screams of anger and fear he heard via his mind to his disgust repeatedly over and over disturbing him from his sleeping periods. He had an enough of the screaming jerked open his eyes to sit up crossed legged and kept on glaring at the window with annoyance running through him hearing the noises. Terror wound up finding the Commandant in the room with Justen flaring sun eyed color to his annoyance while glaring at the Telepath he assumed was the male. 
He spoke loudly "Is there any way of shutting the machine from her noises?"
Terror glared at the Commandant finding the male doing a double take look while staring at him. He felt his mind scanned again via the Commandant to grimace from the mental finger in his mind. He kept on glaring at the Commandant with annoyance running through him as the Telepath quit his mind scanning to look out the window. Terror kept the glare without commenting a word as an idea came to his mind. 
He spoke with sarcasm "Why don't you hook Justen up to the machine?"
Terror recalled the Commandant's admittance that the machine was screaming from Humans' being joined with it to create more ships of war. He glared at the Commandant who ignored his question and kept on staring out the window. He rolled his eyes and folded his arms a glare on his face. Terror kept on glaring at the Commandant as the door was wretched open with a bang sound. He grimaced seeing Telepaths armed darting into the room that fired dart weapons that hit Justen who hit the floor. 
Terror found the Commandant turning around with shock on his face as he heard "What the All Seeing One orders it's done."
He stiffened from the words as the Telepaths without a word of protest from the Commandant hauled a sleeping Justen out of the room. 
He eyed the Commandant who snarled mentally in his mind "Just concentrate onto seeing what their doing to Justen now. I want to see your son being hooked up."
Terror found himself stiffening from Commandant's words of your son to obey shutting his eyes as he felt fear hitting him abruptly. He kept on watching via his mind of the Telepaths hauled Justen still unconscious to a cave room as fear kept on taking control.
Terror felt horror abruptly as he saw Justen awake up to walk a place of darkness as if drawn he saw was a dark room with Telepaths standing around. The machine's screams Terror heard was sounding in an angry voice tone to him. 
Voices were heard sounding Human to him surrounding Justen in the dark room speaking he heard "I am the machine. I am one with the machine."
Voices were repeating. Figures, Telepaths, Terror saw pulled and pushed Justen further into the room and laid him down on the bed. A sound of a drill whirling was heard as the Telepaths drilled devices into Justen's face making him grimace seeing. He found Justen didn't react in pain from the drilling. The screams of the machine was still sounding angry to Terror heard as he eyed Justen. He found the Telepaths pulled and pushed Justen to a cavernous room where the machine was. The cavernous room was huge and vast in the center was the machine making Terror grimace seeing. 
A voice spoke he heard "I knew you would come." 
The machine he heard sounded like it welcomed Justen he saw with her body open receiving him. The machine shrieked Terror grimacing hearing its noises. It sounded like it was being born. Its power was alive to Terror with Justen as a part of the mating to his disgust. Terror looked away from the joyful sounds of the machine's acceptance of Justen. He ignored Commandant chuckling loudly. He felt disgust taking hold as he felt his mind scanned by the Commandant nearby him. Terror quickly shut down the mind scanning by thinking of the machine's talk. 
He heard a chuckle sound from the Commandant who he ignored quit the mind scanning to his relief. Terror sat silently on the blanket with eyes closed he willing his mind to see what the Commandant ordered him to see. He found silence from the Commandant to frown opening his eyes to eye the male warily. 
Terror frowned staring at the Commandant who spoke "Tell me a story. Anything. Just to get the noise of that thing out of my mind now."
He obeyed hearing the Commandant's order to speak his story from what was spilling in his mind he not sure if it was a memory or his own All Seeing One power.

Gallee Zianan, in a tan and black hooded robe with long black hair and blue eyes left the Abbey, the sun was setting in the sky. Soon it would be night time as Gallee looked up in the sky putting his hair behind his round ears indicating of a Human species with markings of a Kang on his cheek. The sky was turning from the usual shade of blue and was turning to shades of pink, orange and purple. As the sky darkened to purple, a white shining dot shined. 
Gallee spoke out loud "What is that in the sky? Could it be a ship of the ancients?" 
He stared at the dot and frowned. 
Gallee was told that there were three stars in the sky that did not move were called “Three Sisters” 
In his hand was a long medal tube the size of his arm. It was round and circular. 
In his classes’ one of the monks, his mentor, Leo told him "The object is called a telescope. It was used to make far away objects, closer than they appear. In ordered to do that one had to look at one end, which was the smaller end and point the larger end at a desire place." 
The abbey was in a small valley at the bottom of a small hill. The hill was covered with trees. The hill's peak was bare. 
The monks jokingly called the hill "The Bald head." 
Gallee wove in an out of the trees while reaching the bald spot on the hill. The sky had darkened. The stars were slowly coming out. Gallee aimed the telescope at the shining dot in the sky. He looked in the smaller end. 
His mentor Leo told him "The telescope can be adjusted for one's sight." 
He peered at the shining dot as the dot formed a shape. Gallee tried to adjust the telescope to see the shape better, but no available. 
Leo he recalled told him "The telescope we made is terrible. A more powerful one was indicated it could be built with the help of the ancients' holy books, but the materials were nowhere to be found. It would take many years to find the materials to make one powerful as the ancients said in their instructions." 
Gallee set the telescope down on the ground and sat down. He pulled out of his pocket some papers and writing quill pen. Looking through the telescope he drew the shape of the shining dot. 
Then he said, "I saw and name you The Knight."
Then he stood and turned to go when he looked at the sky on his left. In sky was among the stars was another shining dot. The dot shined similar to the first one. Gallee looked through at the shining dot. He gasped. The shining dot had a similar shape to The Knight. 
He spoke again "The Battle Axe."
Then turning to his right, his assumption was correct. In the sky shined another similar dot to both the Knight and the Battle Axe. He looked again and was seen the shapes of the Knight and the Battle Axe was the same. 
Gallee spoke "The Titan."
Then he heard the sound of a bell ringing. He paused from looking as he listened. 
At his first year at the Abbey, his teachers taught him and ancient code language called "Morse".
The bell ranged in the Morse code. He listened; they were looking for him. Gallee gathered his papers, pen and the telescope. He darted down the hill path. Glow lamps illuminated the dirt path. He jogged down. 
As he neared the Abbey, he heard a voice calling for him “Gallee! Where are you?! Gallee!”
He yelled out "I’m coming!" 
The voice he heard was of Leo his mentor who bellowed sounding angry "Gallee! The curfew was to be in the compound by sunset!" 
At the bottom of the hill was the compound. A high wooden fence surrounded the compound area. Inside were the nine circular buildings of the compound. Eight circular buildings were set in a circle circling a large circular building. The large circular building was the Abbey. Gallee ran into the compound. The wooden gates closed with a slam behind him. In the light of the large circular building was his mentor Leo with thinning red hair on his head and he had green eyes. A scowl was on his face as Leo appeared to frown scratching the scar mark of a Kang on the left side of his cheek.
Leo spoke "Gallee! How many times must I keep reminding you about the curfew?! It’s not safe for you to be out there at night! We were warned about this!"
Gallee spoke "My apologies honored one; I was using the telescope to look at the Three Sisters in the sky. I have drawings of the three on paper." 
He fumbled through his pockets and produced the paper, which he handed it to Leo. 
Leo stared at the paper with a weird look on his face seen by Gallee that reminded him of shock.
Leo gasped "The ancients! It's true! The war is true!" 
Gallee spoke up "Honored One, The-" 
Leo interrupted "By the One! It’s the light! The stories of the ships that fought the ancient darkness are true! I have searched for proof so long!”
Leo, Gallee saw turned and walked inside the Abbey. Gallee followed behind at his heels with a confused look on his face. 
Gallee heard the story of dark ancient ships came from the place called space.
He recalled told "The dark ships came from the sky. A century in the Human calendar year, after Humans, our species, came to the planet from ships in space. The dark ships came attempting to conquer and make us slaves. At that time, the humans were still fighting among each other. Some of the space technology the humans had was destroyed or hidden in the ancient chasm in the one hundred years they were living on the planet as a result of their wars then came the war with the dark ships. Three races of Human origin appeared called the Gate Destroyers with both scar markings of the Elrics and Kangs, as for the Elrics with three scars marking on one arm and the Kangs with scar marking on their facial cheek on one side of the face. Along with another race referred as Soulers which no one knew where they came from and who created them. Many assumed that the darkness that they called Spiders were responsible. The Spiders were impossible to defeat, impossible to fight. The humans fought against the Spiders in many ways, in many battles, but were defeated." 
Gallee heard the story of the human legend "There was One who united all Humans, the Kangs and Elrics, and with the help of the Gate Destroyers and the Soulers, the Spiders were driven out. As they were being driven out, they left several of their technology littering the planet. In space alien ships came and drove the Spiders out from orbiting the planet. Three of the alien ships that drove the Spiders were orbiting the planet in case the Spiders dared to come back to attempt another conquer. The alien race that drove the Spiders away had landed on the planet and were said to be walking among the natives. It was precautions in case the Spiders decide to come back and try another conquer. The three alien ships had been orbiting the humans’ planet for a long time. The identity of which the aliens were that drove the Spiders was unknown. It may take time for space technology to be invented. After the war the Humans that were united fell apart and went their separate ways. The Gate Destroyers seemed to have mysteriously disappeared, but the Soulers were seen around several times bringing death and terror. Many chose not to pass on the stories from the war. But several Abbeys like the one you Gallee is in chose to preserve the knowledge. It was perilous time, a time of dread. Surviving records of the war was slowly being wiped out mysteriously with no warning of it."
Gallee shook his head of the memory and followed Leo into the abbey compound. He had to run to catch up with Leo’s fast walking. 
“Honored One!” he bellowed, “Where are you going?!” 
Leo called over his shoulder “The Elders should see this.”
Leo he saw entered the largest Abbey building with he jogging behind. Gallee had to jog to catch up with Leo’s fast walking pace. Gallee followed Leo through several hallways. Leo entered a doorway, followed by Gallee. The room was circular. Gallee saw Leo walk to a round table where the elders all with marking scars on one of their facial cheek of Kangs, Human species sat. Leo plunked down Gallee’s drawing on the table. 
Leo spoke his voice booming “The legends are true. Gallee’s drawing of the Three Sisters from looking through the telescope proves this.” 
One of the elders stood from his seat. 
Moran the first Elder spoke “Tanik! Dinen! Close the doors!” 
The doors were pushed shut and were closed with a bang. 
Moran then added “Leo the ninth Elder and Acolyte Gallee, What you're about to see and hear cannot leave the room. We are all sworn to secrecy. Understand?” 
Gallee who stood besides Leo nodded as his mentor spoke “We understand”. 
Moran, Gallee saw pulled his bag from his robes. Moran opened it and pulled out a thin small gray tube that looked like it was very old. Gallee watched in fascination as Moran put the object on the table. Colorful lights appeared on the small tube, with a whir like sound. Leo and Gallee gasped as they jumped backward a bit. They saw triangle like cloud come from the tube showing a scene of space. 
Moran spoke “This object I dub Cloud Viewer is one of the remaining visual records of the war a century ago. This record shows what the Three Sisters actually look like.” 
On the cloud Gallee and Leo saw it three shapes that suddenly became clear. 
Leo gasped “It’s true the Three Sisters are ships not stars! My family disowned me for this! They thought I was wrong to think the Three Sisters were ships, not stars as they believed!” 
Gallee suddenly pulled out a book from a hidden pocket in his robes. He opened the book and went through the pages. When he reached the desired page, he turned it around and showed to the elders and Leo. It was a picture of one of the Three Sisters' ships. 
One of them Dinen the third Elder acclaimed, “A written record of the war! I thought they were wiped out! Gallee how?!” 
Gallee spoke “Moran, like you said, what your about to see and hear cannot leave the room.” 
He paused as he looked at each nine elders and Leo who nodded. 
He continued “The contents of the book were passed on for generations beginning with my ancestor of the ship Agamemnon.” 
There were gasps.
Moran spoke “We have stories of how we came to this planet. The Agamemnon's name is in the stories.”
Gallee spoke “My family line has a tradition, each son or daughter must copy the book and pass the copy on to their children, also when they die the book they were given is buried with them. This book is my Father’s copy of his book. This book tells how we came here and does have records of the war too much time ago.” 
Leo acclaimed “Records! We must copy that book in many copies as we can, before something gets that book destroyed!”
Gallee pulled up his robes and several books tumbled out onto the floor which he lowered his robes. 
He spoke “I have already made three books. I’m on my fourth. An ancestor or a family friend named Ridgen an original Human who wrote that he helped the One wrote the records of the war. And he has drawn a picture.” 
Gallee turned several pages before he held it up. The elders gasped as they saw the picture. The picture was of a human man. 
“Ridgen” Gallee continued “Called the one Justen Zianan, which it’s unclear why on the choice of name. Ridgen wrote that Justen Zianan reached the age of choice and had fathered children-” 
He was interrupted with shocks of gasps. 
Tanik the fourth Elder exclaimed “Children! Anyone of us could be Justen’s descendant!” 
Another Cellin the fifth Elder spoke “Gallee, is there any proof to prove that anyone as Tanik said could be Justen’s descendant?”
Gallee spoke “I’m not certain. The book does not say this clearly. There’s only a riddle which says 
'The One's children have the forgiveness to be the descendant.' 
Which doesn’t make sense." 
Cellin muttered out loud “The forgiveness? Does the book give you any idea on that?” 
Gallee answered “Well see for yourself. I looked throughout the whole book.” 
He picked up a book from the table and tossed it to Cellin, which he caught it. He handed one to Moran and the other to Tanik.
“Feel free to make copies” he said, “but the copies must be by hand, every line, drawing and writing must be the same to preserve the books originally.” 
Moran spoke “Gallee, You're free to go. Return to your room. If we have any questions or information to share with you, we will. Thank you”
Gallee put his copy of the book back in his robes and left the room. The doors closed with a bang behind him. 

One of them waited until Gallee left the room before speaking “Records indicated that the one has passed three things on to his descendants. One is the One is actually a Gate Destroyer with markings of the Elrics and Kangs on them and very strong strength to do impossible things and the third I can not find it in the records. I have seen one of them in Gallee.”
Moran was heard speaking towards Leo the speaker, “Which one?”
Leo answered “He seemed to be very strong for his age which makes me think he might turn out to be a Gate Destroyer. I have seen him lift up heavy things as if they do not weight very much to him. Heavy things that might take three to six people to lift.” 
Reva a female the second Elder spoke “The third is passed by voice and remembered in our minds. We can not write it down for the fear of the writing reaching the wrong hands. It is our fear that the wrong people would use the One’s descendant for ill purposes. Shall we tell Leo this?” 
Noal a male, the eighth Elder spoke “What about me? You didn’t tell me this either.” 
Sana a female the seventh Elder chimed out her agreement as Ayera a female the sixth Elder spoke with irritation, “I don’t see why Reva is the only female to know this!”
Moran spoke “We will tell you, but you all must not tell anyone. You can not write this down. It must be kept in your memory. This will haunt you for the rest of your days. You must all keep a close eye on Gallee. There’s chance he could be the descendant. The third sign.....” 
He trailed off as he looked at each elder. Then he told them what the third sign was. 

Outside of the room, Gallee after being dismissed from Moran walked out of the circular building. He stood outside staring at the star filled sky. The planet’s sister planet unnamed shined brightly a dot bigger than the stars. Gallee sighed loudly. 
He thought “Father, I wonder when the day will come for me to tell them. What you told me about the third sign being descendant from an Ancient Human Ridgen Zianan himself.” 
Gallee walked outside to the student dorm building and went inside. The halls were empty. There was no sound for Gallee to hear, except for his breathing. The dorm rooms were empty of students. Gallee at age fifteen came to the abbey an orphan there were nine students. They were all two years ahead of him in their studies. He turned nineteen when the last of the nine original students left. That was a year ago. 
He remembered Moran remarked “The students’ numbers who are brought here has been going down. One day there will be none to come here. It is up to the last nine to teach others what we taught them.”
Leo told him "Students who come, at age thirteen to learn and left once they finish six years at age nineteen. We would like to add three more years, but we promised to their families to return them once they reach the age of choice, which is nineteen years old. Their families believe our teaching will help their children in the future ahead."
Gallee sighed. Just three days ago he was sitting in a tree on a tree branch when he saw Moran and Dinen walking together. They both stopped near his tree. 
He overheard their conversation; Dinen was telling Moran “Once those students leave, I have a feeling they might not pass on what they taught, because of their families will probably make sure they forget. Our only hope is Gallee who has no relatives. We know so far, that his parents are dead. If his parents have any relatives, we hope they're not easy to be found. We can keep him here as long as we can.”
Moran spoke “Dinen, one problem. The Soulers may come and force us to let him go. He is twenty years old, a year pass the age of choice. A very strong tradition enforced by the Soulers. I'm grateful that they haven't forced the issue yet. Gallee's training isn't finished yet."
Dinen spoke "What will happen when the Soulers actually come to force the issue?" 
Moran answered "I hope we can stall them as long as we can until Gallee's training is finished. I fear that Gallee is the last to come here. We are at our end."
Dinen spoke "I knew that someday the day will come when we must part ways and leave the Abbey. But I don't know what will happen to the Abbey." 
Moran spoke “I do. It'll be a place of refuge for those who need it." 
Then Reva came walking up in a hurry. 
She spoke "Moran, Dinen, Respects, I came to remind you of some matters required in the Abbey." 
Gallee watched as they left from under his tree and disappeared under the bushes of the other trees. He could have stayed in the tree longer, when he heard Leo calling for him. He climbed down the tree to meet Leo. 

Gallee shook his head of the memory. Sighing he walked to his room and went in closing the door. 
He thought, "I wonder what tomorrow will bring?"
He thought before he went to bed.

The dark black sky changed colors from black to blue to violet to red then orange as the sun peered over the horizon starting a new day. The sun's rays shined on the silent Abbey. Leo walked from the main Abbey to Students' building. He sighed as he walked inside. The halls were silent which made Leo want to shout. He came to a door and knocked on it. 
He heard "Come in. it's open."
Walking in, Leo saw Gallee seated at his desk. His family book was open along with another book. It seemed to Leo that Gallee was busily writing.
Leo spoke, "The elders are afraid that the knowledge they taught the students will be forgotten. Moran is beginning to think you are the last."
Gallee spoke "I don't think so. I been meaning to tell you this, but I didn't want to cause any trouble."
Leo spoke "Out with it. What's wrong?"
He sat down in a chair next to Gallee's desk. Gallee put down the pen with his right hand on the desk. 
He sighed. "Do you remember Shanaya? Just before she left we had...." 
He trailed off. 
Leo stared at him with shock on his face he hearing "You fell in love with her, an Elric and mated!" 
"Yes" said Gallee. 
Leo groaned and then spoke "If she was with your child when she left there's a chance she already had it by now. This is going to shock her family for their very strong on not having a Kang mate with an Elric." 
Gallee sighed and then he spoke "Shanaya wanted this. Her family arranged a marriage with someone she did not like. She wanted freedom and independence."
Leo spoke "Yes, it seemed she was very assertive on her freedom. I 'm sure her family will assume the baby is her husband's hopefully."
Gallee spoke "I don't know about that. Shanaya wanted to go out in the world and explore using your teachings instead of getting stuck in Fijerd while, living in as a housewife."
Leo sighed "What were her views on having children?"
Gallee answered “She told me that she'll take her kids with her to show them the world while using the teachings. I think that is what she's doing with the baby." 
He paused and then said "It's her family tradition to name a child after the Father or Mother. If the baby is a girl the name is a female version of the Father which is Gallia. For a boy the name is a male version after the Mother which will be Shanayan. Her Father's name was Shanay hence her name Shanaya. I don't know if Shanaya had a boy or a girl."
Leo spoke "I assume once you're done here you’re going to look for Shanaya and have a family with her?" 
Gallee frowned before speaking "I don't know. I'll probably go back to Token to find anything of my family and then do some exploring, see if I could find more of my family line. I always wanted to find the great Chasm where the book says the Agamemnon is buried."
Leo sighed and spoke "Looks like I'm not the only one who believes in the chasm. Explorers have searched for decades trying to find the ancient ship but the search has met no success due to the War. I believe the Spiders found the ship and destroyed the chasm, burying the ship, since they couldn't take it to space with them." 
He was interrupted when he heard the bell ringing. 
They both listened as the bell rang in Morse code. "Alert! Gallee! Pack your stuff in your bag now! Visitors coming!"
Leo spoke "Visitors? It's been years since we had visitors. The last time we had visitors was lynching mob. I don’t like this. Please do what the message said, pack your stuff in a bag immediately." 
Gallee immediately gathered his stuff from around the room and the desk and put them in a duffel bag. He slung it on. The two then proceed to walk out of the students’ quarters. 

Outside Reva who was breathless from running met them. 
Leo asked her "Reva what's going on?"
Reva sighed catching her breath.
She spoke "Trouble. People from the past who we tried to escape tracked us here. It seems the whole town of Fijerd is here too. They're here with the Government authorities. One of our students Brenkus the troublemaker is here-" 
Leo interrupted her "That fool! He told the government where we are. Argh. He probably told them what we teach. Ugh." 
Gallee asked, "Who's Brenkus?"
Reva answered him, "We didn't know what Brenkus's purpose to being here. He left a month before you arrived-"
Leo interrupted again "To spy on us and report us to the government. Hmph! There's probably a big reward for him and his family." 
Reva continued "We have one thing. Brenkus doesn't know about Gallee unless one of the students told him." 
Gallee spoke "Excuse me, Shanaya told me that her family arranged a marriage between her and Brenkus. She could have told him about me fathering her child."
Reva spoke "I don't think Shanaya could have told him that. I saw her leave. She left in the opposite direction to where her hometown lay. That's where the Crustian Sea is. She told me about the mating plus plans for a sea voyage to Caspian country. She hated it here in Jorand country." 
Dinek ran up to them, "The visitors, mostly Elrics, a few Kangs, and most of the town of Fijerd outside demanding for Shanaya. They're very stubborn when I told them she left to somewhere else." 
Gallee spoke "I have something that might help." 
He pulled a piece of paper from a hidden pocket.
He added "Give this to her Father, Shanaya wrote this before she left. She told me her Father would recognize her handwriting."
Dinek spoke "We have a problem, they know about Gallee. I don't know how, but it seems the tattler must be Lankus, a former student, Brenkus's younger brother. 
Moran told me to say, ‘Leo, get Gallee out of here. Take him to Dennertown near the shoreline. If there's time, finish his training; tell him all of what we know then sent him to Caspian Country.’ 
He believes Gallee will be safer there. Go!" 
Leo pulled Galilee to the smallest of the Abbey building. They disappeared inside.

Reva spoke "Dinek, do you think Leo will tell Gallee the third sign?" 
Dinek answered, "I don't know. But Gallee will be the last if all nine of us die."
They turned and walked to the Abbey compound entrance to face their fate. 

The crowd had succeeded in breaking down the Abbey entrance. They surrounded the Elders. Moran stood glaring. He recognized Brenkus and his brother Lankus. There were smirks on their faces. Then he saw Shanaya's father Shanay. 
Shanay spoke "Lankus tells me you failed to help Shanaya with her wildness! You encouraged her!"  
Moran spoke "We teach each student to follow their own paths. Their desires and dreams-" 
Shanay interrupted "Not according to Brenkus, you taught them this false belief the war." 
Moran spoke "Like I said, it was our destiny to teach them this. It's the student's decision to remember or forget."
Shanay glared at them as he bellowed "Consider that you broke laws in the towns your from! It is not my decision to pass judgment! We will escort you to the capital!"
The crowd surged around the eight elders. 
Shanay added "Leave the doors to the compound open. The Soulers can have this place." 
The crowd hauled the Elders out of the compound into the forest beyond. Moran looked behind him at the Abbey with sadness as he was taken from there. 
"May the One, help us all." Moran was heard speaking loudly. 

Inside the small Abbey building Gallee watched as Leo closed the door with a bang. The building was the first building Gallee went into when he first entered the Abbey Compound. He spent a day snoozing in there while being isolated. It was a requirement among the Elders for each student to be isolated for a fear of catching a plague from where they came. 
Leo spoke "There's a secret passage built by the Ancients that leads to Middletown at the crossroads. We'll lose them at the crossroads. The crossroads will take us to Dennertown." 
Leo he saw banged his hand on the wall. Gallee watched as a large metal circle with three circles in it appeared in the dirt floor. Leo jogged down the steps to the middle of the room and gestured to Gallee to come. Gallee jogged down the steps to where Leo stood. They stood on top of a metal outer metal circle. Leo jumped three times his feet banging against the metal ground. Gallee watched as like a doorway, the third inner circle moved disappearing in the ground revealing white-lighted stone stairs going down in a curve. Leo fumbled in his robes and pulled out an object. 
Gallee recognized the object Moran called "Cloud viewer."
Leo spoke "Moran gave me this. He wanted you to have it. It's a disguised as a telescope. It also works as a telescope too." 
Leo handed it to Gallee who put it in a hidden pocket in his robes. Then both Gallee and Leo walked down the stairs. When they were completely inside Leo, he saw turned around and banged on the gray stone wall three times. The metal circle slid in place covering the entrance. The lights on the stairway side lit the way down. 
Leo spoke "Gallee, Remember this place. The Ancients built it themselves. This Abbey is the only place on Jorand Country built by the Ancients. The oldest place built by them is in Caspian country. Only I, the Elders, and Shanaya know of this." 
Gallee had the look of surprise on his face when Leo mentioned Shanaya's name. 
Leo spoke "Shanaya did a lot of research on this. She shared her findings with us. Many things we know, she knows."
Gallee spoke "I think it explains why she went to Caspian country. She was interested in finding the great Chasm." 
Leo spoke "She believed that the Abbeys' built by the Ancients were put here as clues to where the Agamemnon was buried. My theory is the ship hasn't been found because the enemy found it and moved it. Enough talk, we must reach Middletown when it's still day." 

Leo led the way down the stairs. The stairs were curved to go round on the left deeper into the ground. On the sides glowing stones lilted the stairs. After awhile of walking down the stairs Gallee felt he had to say something. 
Gallee broke the silence by saying "Honored One, are the stairs lighted with the same thing we been using for the glow lamps? I can't figure out where the source is from."
Leo spoke "The lights used on the stairs are the same with the glow lamps. The source is stones by the Ancients. They created the lights we use. People in other places use fire for lights. We have not found anything to recreate the stones for lights." 
Gallee spoke "Did Moran get his Cloud Viewer from his Father?" 
Leo spoke "Yes. His story is one of his ancestors recorded the space scene of what the Three Sisters look like." 
Leo paused and then added "Gallee, would you mind explaining why you mated with Shanaya? I know its love but we taught you to wait until after the age of choice for mating. Not to mention Elric and Kang mating is frowned upon. Why?"
Gallee sighed then he spoke "When I first saw her, I felt like I knew her. Maybe from a past life, I don't know. She felt the same with me. We started getting a little closer when we were seventeen. Just kissing and touching each other in certain areas whenever we were alone. Three days before Shanaya was to leave, we were both mated in a student's quarters."
Leo spoke "That explains the strange feeling I felt in Lankus' room." 
He got Leo chuckling laughing.
Gallee added, "Shanaya told me she felt like she was drawn to the sky, like me. She felt that there was something out there for her." 
Leo spoke "The legend says that the descendant of the One would name the Three Sisters in the sky."
Leo turned and bowed to Gallee to his surprise. 
He spoke "I'm the descendant of the One?"
Leo answered "The signs of the One, you match all three. Moran has the third on the cloud device. It's in a riddle which only you can solve. See it only when you are at your wits end."
Gallee heard a noise as they rounded the bend of the stairs. He saw the source which was a river underground.
Leo spoke "The Jonan River. We will take on our journey to Dennertown. It empties in Karban River, which is near Dennertown. There should be a boat where we could use. Come on."
Leo he followed led the way down the stairs to the stone floor. Gallee looked around. He saw that they were in a cavern the size of the small Abbey room. He stared at the rocky ceiling. It looked like the ceilings of the Abbey buildings inside. 
Leo spoke "This place used to be an Abbey, until time has worn it down for the river to pass through it. Moran thinks this Abbey was used as a hiding place during the war. But I don't think so. I believe it was used for something else. He does not believe me when I say the Ancients used this place for their purposes." 
Gallee spoke "The Ancients could use this Abbey as an underground travel route."
Leo spoke "I don't think so. Several years after the war, Jonan discovered the passageway and this river. It was his son Karban who traveled the river to another river above ground." 
They reached the river's edge. A small-motorized boat sat next to a wooden dock that was slowly rotting away.
Leo spoke "Be careful the dock is over a Human's century old. I think it's best to go one at a time first. It may not be strong enough to hold our weight." 
Gallee watched as Leo slowly walked on the dock and entered the boat. Leo gestured to come. Gallee walked slowly almost falling forwards which he dropped the duffle bag with a start. He found the thing crashing through the timbers into the water with a loud splash. 
Leo he heard "Ignore that and enter the boat. Your memory is better as a living record anyway." 
Gallee obeyed to enter the boat after careful maneuvering around the rotten timbers. He found the boat was a gray color made out of some hard form and metal material. The boat was triangle shaped. Leo sat down as Gallee sat down. He watched as Leo fiddled with the square motor, which roared to life. The boat moved down the river. 
Leo spoke "This boat is the same one your paternal Grandfather Karban used to go down the river passage. Enjoy the view."
Gallee gasped out "My Grandfather?"
Leo spoke "Your family line was very interested in the teachings. We believe you may be the last known living relative of your family line. The Soulers told us there are people with knowledge of the war living in Caspian Country in secret. For they fear there are agents of the enemy walking among us in secret killing those who believe in the war."
Gallee gasped only to get Leo's familiar glare of quiet which he obeyed to look around as the boat traveled down the river in a slow move.

The river ride down the passageway was lit by glow lamps on the walls. Gallee saw the walls were like of the cavern. There were no openings or caves in the wall. The ceiling was the same of the cavern. The roaring river moved the boat with ease with no bumps. Gallee fell asleep during the river ride. He dreamed of Shanaya as her beautiful unusual colored hair and eyes that captivated him. He felt drawn to her when he first saw her. It was like they were soul mates. Leo he felt roughly shook him awake. There was worry on his face he saw. The boat motor was silent. Gallee opened his mouth to speak, but Leo clamped his hand over his mouth and pointed to his ear. Gallee heard voices speaking. They were near the opening of the cave. The river was calmer and still. Leo brought the boat to halt he felt. The cave entrance stood a couple feet awhile ahead of them. They heard the voices speaking. 
A male voice spoke "Do you see them yet?" 
And other male voice spoke "No not yet. Leo and Gallee are probably still in the river passageway.”
Gallee looked at Leo with a questioning look in his eyes. 
Leo whispered "Klen and Jerd two friends of Lankus. They live in Middletown. When they couldn't find us, Lankus told them. That fool must have known of the passageway." 
Gallee whispered "The fool was very nosy. I caught him in my room looking through my stuff. He hasn't seen my book because I waited until there was only Shanaya when I made copies. She has a copy made by herself with my help. How could Lankus know of the passageway?" 
Leo whispered back "Some papers with the passageway were missing a few days but returned. I saw copy papers in Lankus' room. He hid them before I could get a closer look. Let's listen to them." 
One voice spoke "Klen how long must we stay here? It's an hour until sundown. I don't want to stay out here with the Soulers."
Klen heard spoke "Jerd stop worrying. If we can't get them, the Soulers will because it'll take an hour for them to get to the nearest town. Besides Middletown which is only thirty minutes away by foot." 
Jerd they heard spoke "I almost forgot the whole town is on the lookout for those two. There's a huge reward for their capture." 
Klen, Gallee heard to his disgust spoke "Jerd, come on, we got to go now. I want to help my family with the lockdown."
Then there was silence. Leo he saw grabbed a paddle and paddled the boat out of the cave. Outside forests surrounded the river with no one in sight to their relief. 
Leo spoke "Karban River it leads to Fijerd and beyond. We'll have to stop here and go to Dennertown by foot. You heard what Klen said. It takes an hour to get there." 
Leo edged the boat to the shoreline. Both Leo and Gallee got out. Leo he watched set the boats motor. It roared to life as the river took it away. 
Leo spoke "This might help throw the searchers off our track. Come on." 
Leo led the way into the forest beyond jogging with Gallee jogging behind him. The forest had tall trees with short bushes. The trees towered high in the sky. There were other kinds of plant life. The trees were close together in clump a bit hiding the sky. The setting sun barely shined through the tree canopy. There were no paths so Gallee and Leo had to make one. They crashed through brushes and ran around trees. They traveled in silence running in the forest. Gallee jumped over bushes and tree trunks while Leo ran around them. 
Leo gasped out as he stopped running "Gallee! Wait a bit!" 
Leo he saw bent down panting and heaving. Gallee who was ahead stopped and turned to look at Leo. Gallee frowned. 
He spoke "Honored one are you okay? I'm willing to help you." 
Leo spoke "No thanks, I just want to catch my breath."
They resumed jogging. Gallee ran with Leo besides him. The sun soon touched the horizon. Leo suddenly fell to the ground and twisted till he lay on his back. 
Gallee kneeled next to Leo. "Honored One? Are you okay?" 
Leo gasped "Air, I can't breathe."
Leo clutched his chest as he added "Gallee promise me this, no matter what happens to me, get yourself to Caspian Country! You hear me? I have allies there who can help you. They go by the name Anellak!" 
Gallee spoke "I promise Honored One." 
Leo gasped and went still. Gallee put a hand on Leo's chest. His pumper organ was still that there wasn’t a beat. He bowed his head towards Leo's body.
He spoke "May the One lead the way to the great beyond."
He closed Leo's open eyes and then resumed jogging towards Dennertown.

The sun was slowly disappearing below the horizon when Gallee reached the outskirts of the forest of a small hill. The sun’s fading light shined on Dennertown standing below him. The town was at the foot of a hill next to the Crustian Sea. From his viewpoint the town was seemly small filled with square buildings of stone instead like his hometown of Token. Lights in the town were slowly turning on by tall metal like staffs that showed fire at the tops. Next to the town was the ever-moving blue Crustian Sea with numerous boats in the harbors. Gallee jogged down the hill into the streets of Dennertown. When Gallee reached the town he slowed to a walk. Gallee saw with wonder that there were numerous buildings that were like they were made out of stone, with touches of wood. The buildings were different from the buildings in his hometown of Token. Here the buildings were nearly tall as a tree and were square shaped like boxes. They were several stories taller than the tallest building in Token or the Abbey. The streets were busy of people sometimes walking and sometimes running. They looked like they were in a hurry. A woman came walking by with a pleasant expression with a scar of a Kang on her right cheek on her face. She had red hair, green eyes and looked to be years older than him and reminded him of Leo. She was wearing the same thing as the towns people baggy long sleeve shirt that fell to her knees and with tight pants. Her hair was put up with a scarf. She was around his height. She looked like she was just taking a walk in town enjoying the sights. Gallee stopped her.
 "Excuse me" He asked her. 
She looked at him. Gallee spoke "I was told to find people who can help me. Do you know where I can find them?" 
The woman stared at him as she spoke "Gallee is that you?"
Gallee spoke "Yes, but you are-" 
She interrupted him "My name is Merga Anellak. Come. There's no time for explanations. We must get to the ship." 
Gallee followed her to the harbor. She pointed to a ship in a berth. 
The ship she pointed had the word 'Cambecka' on it. 
Merga spoke "The Cambecka is an Anellak family vessel. The ship will take you to Caspian Country." 
She led him through the harbor chaos and up the gangplank of the Cambecka. Gallee could see the ship's side details. The ship looked like it was made of wood, with some kind of other material. The ship seen from afar was seemly small was now on the large side. 

On the Cambecka Gallee followed Merga through the busy sailors on the deck to through a door. 
Inside Merga spoke "Father! Gallee is here with me!"
Gallee could see the room was square with windows on the left side as he entered the room. There was a clear wall from floor to ceiling with marks and lines on it. In front of him was a round table that had papers scattered on it. Some of the papers were curling in rolls. There also were objects jutting from the walls with devices on them. Gallee saw a man standing next to the table. He had on boots like Merga, and a similar outfit, but his head was bare with thinning red hair. His facial features with the Kang scar on his left cheek reminded Gallee of Leo his mentor. He looked up from the papers when both Merga and Gallee came in. 
The male spoke “Gallee, Nice to meet you at last. I’m Jonan Anellak, Merga’s Father.” 
Gallee asked “How did you know who I am?”
Jonan replied “The Soulers. They have some interest in you since you were born.” 
Gallee gasped out “What?! My Father never mentioned this!” 
Jonan spoke “Your Father knows many things about the ancient war in the past that no one knows. He feared that the dark servants are behind the wipeout of ancient records.” 
Gallee spoke “Leo believed the same thing.” 
He noticed Jonan grimace as Merga spoke “Excuse me Father, but when do we set sail? I heard that there’s a reward on the capture of Gallee. Several people in town saw him. They could figure it’s him once they get a description of him. That despite its nighttime now.” 
There was a worried look seen on her face. 
Jonan again spoke “Merga, Gallee, stay here, while I’ll tell the crew to lift anchor and set sail. Once we’re safely sailing then we can introduce Gallee. Oh have him change his clothes to the outfit.”
Jonan he saw tossed a package to Merga and then he walked out of the room. 
Both Merga and Gallee heard his loud voice bellowing “Raise the anchor! The time has arrived to set sail to Caspian country!”
Gallee spoke “Merga that reward has to be Shanay of Fijerd’s doing. Students of the Abbey did not believe in the principles betrayed them. Last I heard, the town's people got inside the Abbey while I ran to safety.” 
Sighing Merga spoke “I know” and pointed to a curtain in the corner. "You can change there." 
Gallee went behind the curtain and changed into the outfit which was tight pants and a loose long sleeve shirt with boots. He pocketed the Cloud Viewer into a pocket. He came out behind the curtain in the outfit with his black hair pulled back with the scarf on his head. His robe was he handed to Merga who put it in a barrel next to the doorway of the room. Merga sighed as her Father walked in. 
“It’s done” Jonan spoke “We’re now sailing to Caspian country. The only problems will be pirates, the Navy and bad sailing weather. Hmph!” 
Gallee didn't comment a response as Jonan led them out of the room to the deck. The crew stood in two lines both men and women dressed like he was. He could see some had markings of Elric on their arms with no mark on their face cheeks, as the others had marks on their face cheeks of Kang and their arms were bare of marks. 
Jonan spoke “We have a passenger, who we are taking to Caspian country. His name is Kien. That's all for now." 
The crew of two lines scattered. Gallee looked at Jonan with a questioning look on his face. 
Jonan spoke "I give all passengers on the ship, the name Kien to protect their identities and to keep ourselves out of their business. The crew knows this." 
Gallee nodded. 
"Merga" Jonan ordered "Take Kien down bellow to the guest quarters please."

Gallee leaned over the deck rail from heaving his stomach. It was an uncounted time he had been on the Cambecka as it sailed on the ocean waters towards Caspian country. Groaning he sat down next to the deck rail and gasped out some air breathing the ocean air despite contained below decks sick with his throwing up ailment. With a sigh he heard a step next to him and saw a female sailor with the Elric marks on her bare right arm, holding a bucket which she wordlessly thrust at him. Gallee clutched the bucket in his hands and he could feel the sway of the boat moving up and down which upset his stomach. With a groan, he threw up the contents of his stomach in the bucket and leaned back closing his eyes. 
Gallee recalled Jonan speaking "He'll get his sea legs soon."
He forced himself to agree to the Captain's words thinking to himself "I do hope he's right on this-"

At the moment Terror was interrupted "Spare me a story of your descendant being sick on a boat now. Tell me something else instead. Like confirm is this Gallee you talk about the one dubbed Gallee Zianan the Soulers seem to revere as their leader?"
Terror closed his eyes ignoring the Commandant's comment as he again heard the familiar noises from the machine while hearing additional screams from it indicating birth to him. 
Terror spoke in response loudly "You sure it's safe for me to tell you this? The Soulers will find out and see you dead anyway they can."
He opened his eyes to stare at the Commandant who spoke "Just tell me a story anything. Just to avoid that noise I'm hearing from that thing birthing away."
Terror obeyed to speak.

Gallee didn’t protest as he was thrown off the cliff while tied up head first heading towards a large smooth square ground cliff down below. He felt annoyance hit him as hands caught him as his head was inches near the ground which he saw was alien and grey colored. Gallee grumbled in annoyance as he was forced to stand revealing the hands’ owners as two Soulers who freed him from the ropes holding his hands behind his back. 
Gallee exploded “Argh! You didn’t have to save me! I’ve been sick with a medical ailment since being on some ridiculous sea ship that hasn’t gone away! I’ve been seeking medicinal people for a cure! They tossed me off the cliff thinking I was sick with a plague! Why didn’t you let them put me out of my misery?!”
He felt annoyance become full blown as the Soulers instead of answering grabbed him and forced walked him to an opening in the cliff wall. He saw was a cave passageway lighted by glow lights overhead and grey walls out of alien material. He grumbled insults loudly as the Soulers forced him down sets of stairs and through several corridors into a hallway which he heard a shrieking sound in a female voice. Gallee frowned as he was forced down the hallway to a doorway with a metal see through fence covering it. He peered through the fence to see a female dressed in feminine Souler wear with her head not covered having blonde hair and all blue eyes that scared him. 
The female he eyed made him think "She’s insane." 
She, he saw reached through the gate and thrust out her hand touching him on the chest that made him stiffened. He felt himself sick enough to throw up like he had been doing lately as the woman removed her hand. Gallee was hauled away which he threw up several times violently as he was forced walked. He was forced to a doorway with a bed inside and thrust on the bed chained to it in a sitting position then the Soulers he eyed faded from view. Gallee felt himself sick again threw up several times over the side of the bed violently and coughed as he felt a hand touch his cheek feeling clawed. He jerked his head up to look up at his right to see the insane female was in the room that put another clawed hand on his other cheek which he stiffened from her touch. 
He heard a commanding voice unsure of whether it’s in his mind or heard it by ears saying “Don’t resist.” 
He felt himself confused as he suddenly felt a biting sensation on his bare feet and felt multiple something bug like crawling on his feet. He was prevented from looking from the woman holding up his head as the sensation went up his bare leg his body bare of clothing. Gallee started feeling the biting all over his body even on his hands going up his arms. 
He felt himself struggling not to resist to the sensations as he sensed from the woman hearing "I'm helping cure you of your sickness."
Gallee felt himself calm from her calm demeanor with her hands on him. He forced himself to not resist as the sensation traveled up his body to his face and gathered around his eyes which he saw the woman narrow her eyes before his eyes cloud up with bug like creatures. 
Gallee spoke loudly feeling his mouth not covered "Ants! What's with them crawling all over me?!""
Gallee stiffened to feel himself entirely covered by the ants along with covering his mouth cutting him off. He felt the ants stop moving and felt them turn into liquid with his body was sensed absorbing. His eyes stopped the clouding up to go clear with some awareness sensation hitting him as he stared at the woman with shock.
Gallee saw with recognition speaking his words "You're my Mother who was missing from my life when I was a young child." 
He recalled his Father telling him "The Soulers took your Mother." 
Gallee recalled his Father spoke with an edge in his voice tone that suggested something else. He confronted him about that after reaching sexual maturity. His Father he recalled widened his eyes at the confrontation before bending down grabbing his chest while gagging for air. He brought his Father into the house to lay him on the bed holding his hand. 
His Father spoke in a gagged voice tone speaking "You will meet your Mother again." 
His Father spoke his words before closing his eyes and form becoming still. He recalled that he buried his father in the yard noticed by the town’s people who after the burial forced him to leave the town to the Abbey.
They insisted to him "You're to learn a trade from the Elders in the Abbey and not return before you reached the age of choice." 
He frowned recalled the elders in the Abbey backed up the town’s people’s words and made him stay with them learning their secrets about a past great war something he already knew about from his Father passing down from predecessors before him. Gallee frowned to blink his eyes of the memories to stare at his Mother who he sensed seemed aware that he’s her son from her hands on him and her facial expression. He stared at her as she rubbed his face before leaning forward to kiss him on the forehead then removed her hands to free him from the restraints then gestured for him to follow her out. Gallee obeyed as he walked a maze of corridors and stairwells passing by Soulers standing in doorways with swords drawn that straightened up their forms seeing the both of them. He frowned at the gesture as his Mother stopped at a doorway blocked by two Soulers who stepped aside. She walked through with him following to see a metal room with a glow light overhead shining down on something he saw were two rectangular boxes with figures inside them. He saw his Mother point to the boxes then gesture for him to look with her pointing to her eyes. He obeyed to look in the box on his right which he saw held a man with unusual red colored hair facial appearance reminding him of Shanaya and a cut scar of a Kang on his cheek while wearing a uniform. 
Gallee spotted a written paper on top of the man saying "This man is Belgor Kang." 
The wordings shocked him. He proceeded to look in the other box to see a man with black hair and his face with Elric cuts on his arm while wearing a uniform with a paper on top.
The paper was saying "This man is Connor Elric." 
He stiffened reading the words with shock running through him.
Gallee recalled fully to himself "That explains why I was drawn to Shanaya. She's a descendant of Belgor Kang and I a descendant of Connor Elric."
Gallee looked around the room to spot on the wall facing him is a flag like banner with star surrounded by a sunlight having striped designs on it. Next to the flag is a large drawing of a sea boat he assumed with a flat top with a square tower like building on top of it. 
His eyes travel to the bottom of the drawing to see the words “United States sea vessel Agamemnon.”
He gasped out loud from shock hitting him as he looked around the room to realize "I'm in the Agamemnon!"
He recalled the mountain cliff he was thrown off facing the sea and realized "It’s the Chasm itself where the ship is hidden inside the mountain. Parts of the ship sticking out where I was caught by the Soulers."
He eyed the drawing to realize "I landed on the tower part of the ship judging by the area being a large giant square." 
Gallee spoke out loud finding his voice has changed “I’m in the Agamemnon that is actually a sea vessel and not from space like people thought.”
He cut himself off as he recalled a memory of his Father presenting him with a book just prior to his death "This book is a part of the family legend of predecessors being buried with a copy of the book and copying it by hand to descendants." 
He recalled after he wound up in the Abbey started reading the book to discover it was a journal written by several people. 
He remembered one handwriting "We're traveling the Agamemnon in safety from destruction of a plague among Humans happening. We're being a safe port for the last of the Humans struggling to survive from the plague’s destruction." 
He remembered the handwriting more about that while adding "Our food supplies ran out. A strange form of plague mysteriously hit me and my second in command Belgor Kang."
Gallee recalled the handwriting made it seem it was written by Connor Elric himself "The plague spread among the Humans living on the ship forming four races known as Elric for markings on their arms, Kang for markings on their cheeks, Gate Destroyers for having both markings dubbed that name for destroying doors in the ship from their rages and the last race dubbed Souler for their all blue eyes and mind walking power abilities that made them seem like they could see people’s souls." 
He frowned as he recalled more details of the book talking "A powerful sea storm arrived hitting the ship manipulating it to run aground on land. The storm getting the ship to hitting a mountain like cliff. With a large amount of it falling on top of the ship from the storm and trapping it there. People inside were forced to leave traveling on land. To discover that the plague had wiped out all the land’s Humans. They were the last of the Human race and that the plague from tests were the reason for the surviving Humans on the ship evolved into four races to fight off the destruction and survive."
Gallee frowned forming it on his face as he recalled that according to the book "Connor Elric and Belgor Kang got into a fight about Connor refusing to leave the ship despite it trapped in the mountain. Belgor was furious about swore that Connor would die alone and forgotten by the Humans. Belgor’s oath came true some time after all the Humans left." 
He recalled that the journal detailed in another’s handwriting saying "Connor’s son Gallee agreed with Belgor to leave the ship but came back to convince his Father to leave. He found Connor dead which tests revealed a heart ailment killed him. He was placed in a coffin in the ship to remain there and then later had Belgor placed in a coffin next to Connor after the man himself passed away from an identical heart ailment." 
He recalled more of the book talking "Belgor had a son who took on Belgor’s anger towards Connor and refused to have anything to do with Connor’s son who had similar feelings towards the son. It's due to Belgor’s oath he blamed for killing his Father but allowed Belgor to be put in the ship after death and both sons passed on the views to others in the races." 
He frowned as he recalled the handwriting ended followed by another handwriting with no identification to who wrote it saying "The Humans have forgotten the Agamemnon and are busy fighting among each other as in Kangs versus Elrics and Gate Destroyers versus Soulers. This civil war has lasted for the lifetime of myself writing this." 
The person continued to write "I'm seeing ships from the sky landing on the ground followed by insect like people coming out with round animated balls. The Spiders we call them used the Humans’ fighting among each other state to make them slaves with no way of freedom that has lasted since I've reached old age." 
The writer continued to write "This slavery is still ongoing. I have figured out a way for the Humans to fight off the Spiders was by joining forces. This hasn’t been happening due to the Humans still angry among each other." 
The writer added "I pray for a way for Humans to join forces will arrive soon for the Spiders have started to become deadly towards the Humans. I fears that their committing genocide as in wiping the Humans out to populate the Humans’ planetary world themselves." 
Gallee recalled the book’s handwriting ends with another's handwriting with no identification detailing "A Human male with pieces of all four races from the looks of him was brought into a slave camp by the Spiders. The male gave up the name of Justen. Justen refused to talk more about himself but started talking to the slaved Humans about how easily defeated the Spiders were from indicating of fighting them himself in combat and killing them. Along with allowing them to capture him to bring him to a slave camp seeing that the Humans needed someone to lead them in battle. The Humans in the slave camp were not at first believing Justen and his words. They started believing when he attacked one of the Spiders overseeing their work. He was seen easily defeated the Spider killing it and destroying several entity balls in the process. This got the Humans to band together and attack the other Spider overlords freeing themselves. They discovered allies in the process from space off planet firing at the Spiders’ grounded ships. To see multiple ships of different types flying in the air firing at the grounded ships. The freed Humans with Justen leading them traveled over land taking down Spiders and freeing other Humans in the slave camps scattered in the vicinity. A battle that lasted till the Spiders’ ships took to the air taking off fighting with the ships which followed them out. At night fall three new stars appeared in the sky with no motion. Were dubbed the Three Sisters protectors of the planet keeping the Spiders from returning."
Gallee recalled from the book that the writer added "Several Spiders survived the battle and are planet bound in hiding mating with Humans. A fifth Human race appeared only known for their all black eyes. Not looking like any of the Humans in Kang and Elric forms but never Gate Destroyers or Soulers, dubbed Telepaths. The Telepaths have appeared to be servants of the Spiders slowly wiping out records of the war and killing Humans who dare to pass along records of it with no known purpose except to make Humans forget the war with the Spiders-"

At the moment Terror was interrupted with an Ugh sound from the Commandant. 
He spoke firmly towards the Commandant "You told me to tell you a story anything I wanted."
Terror glared at the Commandant who spoke "Just don't like being reminded that we Telepaths are indebt to them that created us to existence. It's not what I wanted to hear from you-"
Terror heard an explosion interrupting the Commandant to see the male dart towards the window with shock on his face. 
He kept his mouth shut recalling the exact reason for the explosion as the Commandant spoke "There's fire hitting the machine!"
Terror frowned but shut his eyes ignoring the panicky tone of the Commandant. He grimaced when he heard a shriek as he saw in his mind the machine releasing its bounds and went into the sky in a fast move. 
He sensed his mind scanned by the Commandant to hear from the male once the reason for the explosion was in his mind "You bastard had to do that sabotage didn't you?"
Terror opened his eyes to stare at the Commandant as he spoke words compelled "Forgiveness do you want it? Confess your crime."
He heard from the Commandant in response "Bastard! Wait till the others find out about this! There'll be hell to pay!"
Terror spoke firmly as the Commandant made a motion to walk away "What payment should I pay Commandant? I'm the All Seeing One they refer to me. They revere me as that. I can do no wrong no matter what I do towards them in question."
He smirked while eyeing the Commandant who turned around and gave him a glare and spoke "Argh!"
Terror spoke "Argh is right Commandant."
He got from the Commandant "Just track her now. Be sure to tell us where she lands once she finds another world twin to this one."
Terror shrugged and spoke "As you wish Commandant."
He shut his eyes and willed his All Seeing One mental ability power towards the machine to see its projector path was towards another planetary world via travel gate as if guided towards there. 

Terror saw a planetary world a former dead world now full of life. Humans he saw of markings of Kangs and Elrics appearing to be refugees from the civil war with the Telepaths controlling Terra the Humans' planetary home world lived. The planet was a hidden Human colony to Terror. Terror focused onto the planet's orbit to spot three ships he recognized as the ones orbiting Gallee's world orbiting the planet. He saw a Human male aboard the bridge his mind identified as General Leroy a Kang of the Human species via the marking on his cheek. He recalled his memory of the information regarding General aboard the warship was. The male had a wife Ellia Alexander, a Kang, and their two children, a son Declan and a daughter T'La short for Titania, also Kangs. 
"The General" Terror recalled "Led the Human rebellion to fight against an enemy of the war with the Telepaths that was appearing to be led by a man called the Commandant." 
The three ships of the Human rebel alliance opened the travel gate and left the colony. The other two ships were the Titan and the Battle Axe. 
"General Leroy" Terror thought "didn't imagine that a horror that will come to haunt him in his dreams will come to the colony a horror of imaginable of the legends." 
Terror concentrated onto the colony's world on the colony he focused onto the General's known children Declan seven years old he heard spoke "Dad gone?" 
Ellia spoke moving her hands in sign language "He'll be back."
She he saw answered moving for her hands for some reason her daughter named Titania but was called T'La five years old was deaf to hearing sounds. Ellia held T'La's hands and Declan as she took them to their room to sleep. Night had fallen he saw. He saw in the reaches of space a darkness was slowly reaching out its hand seeing the machine was making a beeline towards the planetary world. Soon the hand would come to colony bringing terror. 
He heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly Terror spoke loudly "The machine is going towards an unnamed planet that is populated by Humans. I recognized three of their warships among the rebels in question. The warships are the three that were dubbed Three Sisters-"
Terror was interrupted hearing "Bastard General Leroy! I'll see him dead if it means to kill him for this rebellious attitude against us Telepaths!"
Terror ignored the Commandant to focus onto General Leroy as he felt his mind scanned. 
He ignored the scanning to hear from General Leroy "Signal the fleet now! The attack on Terra is immediate now!"
He heard from the Commandant "Blast that General! Not now! Not when the machine is useless! Our defenses are nothing but a skeleton at the moment! They won't do a thing to help us! All they care is their machine and her needs than doing anything else to help us! Blast that bastard!"
Terror ignored the Commandant's ranting to feel his mind no longer scanned to concentrate onto the General's three warships to see them joined in travel gate space by numerous warships' he spotted were alien in design and didn't look Human made to him.
He spoke "Alien ships seen joining the General's fleet that aren't Human made."
Terror heard from the Commandant "What?!"
He opened his eyes to feel his mind scanned again by the Commandant giving him a glare of accusation with his facial expression forming it on his face. 
Terror shrugged and spoke "Not my concern anyway."
He got from the Commandant "Blast you bastard!"
Terror closed his eyes and ignored the Commandant felt mind scanning him as he shift away from Terra and the approaching warships to concentrate onto something else just to annoy the male. 
He heard the familiar alarms sound within the facility where they were both contained to hear from the Commandant "Mark my words All Seeing One as your dubbed! This isn't over! I'll have my revenge!"
He saw the Commandant run out of the room to see the male getting into a shuttle ship. The shuttle taking off towards the Telepath's main warship dubbed Psychopath sitting orbiting Terra that went towards the travel gate opposite from the approaching battle fleet and was gone. Terror sighed softly seeing his work was done concentrated onto the machine as if needing to do it as he heard further alarms blaring indicating the fleet had arrived. He heard explosions sounding faint becoming louder and louder along with feeling rumbling vibrations with the room. Terror ignored everything around him as he concentrated onto the rumbling to realize with a start that the vibrations was of a space ship blasting off into space instead of a building he was in. He felt annoyance take hold as the ship went to a travel gate the Telepath's ship went and went through. He sensing from the path was going to the colony world where the machine was headed to. Terror groaned softly to open his eyes facing one of the machine's drones, a Tennan sitting crossed legged across from him. 
He narrowed his black Human eyes onto the Tennan that spoke "All Seeing One, she safe where she's going?"
He exhaled a breath at that question to realize to himself "Blast the buggers are cunning than I thought."
He inhaled to speak "She's safe."
Terror shut his eyes to concentrate onto the machine referred as a female by them.

Terror eyed the colony world and focused inside to hear an alarm sounded. In the assumed control tower the sound of the alarm woke up a man with markings of an Elric he knew from scanning from time to time, his name was Miguel Ricos. Terror knew instantly that it was Miguel's job on the colony to monitor ships coming and going in space. Miguel he saw woke up and the radar screen. It showed a blip. The blip was moving towards the colony. Miguel did some keyboarding. 
The computer screen flashed "Unknown." 
Miguel wheeled his chair backwards to another wall. He grabbed the phone and dialed. 
He didn't have to wait long for a man's voice spoke of tiredness "If your not a gorgeous woman hang up and let me sleep." 
Miguel spoke "Doctor Yong you got to get up here and see this!" 
Miguel downloaded some keys. 
He heard the male exclaim "By the One!"

The control tower soon was bustling of activity. Most of them were in their nightclothes pajamas. Ellia came out of the elevator on the control tower floor with Declan and T'La each holding her hands. Her brown hair was long shoulder length which she usually wore up was down in a mess. A purple bathrobe covered her pink nightgown. She came in. Miguel saw her. 
He spoke "Ellia! Good your here! Check this out!" 
Miguel gestured to the computer screen. Ellia holding her children's hands went to the computer screen.
A male spoke "A ship of unknown configuration of any kind is coming to this sector." 
Ellia spoke "Doctor Yong are they a new race?" 
Doctor Yong spoke "Could be or as the Ancients warned an old race." 
Their patience was rewarded when the alien ship came to the planet in range of their probes. The image of the ship came to their screen. 
Doctor Yong spoke "Ugh creepy. I hope the aliens aren't creepy like the ship." 
The image of the ship showed as dark shimmering black against space and shaped with spines of like tree branches jutting from its cylinder body. 
Another alarm sounded Miguel yelled out "The ship is entering the atmosphere! Its technology and design is beyond anything! Its biological mechanical-" 
Enthusiasm died down. 
He added "Oh by the One! The sensors is indicated that the ship is damaged!" 
Doctor Yong spoke "Damaged?"
There were sounds of murmuring among the technicians. 
Ellia spoke "Who ever they are they may need our help." 

Terror saw the machine damaged by a force of pain had come seeking a place to land and heal itself. It had found a planet suitable for healing he saw. In pain the machine came to the planet and settled itself in a crater between the mountains. In pain the machine released its heart, its mind, and soul. It sent a signal Terror detected as its systems shut down to attend to the damage. Its sensors detect people on top of the crater. Humans like its heart. 

On the ridge Terror saw people stood with awe on their faces despite he screaming "Get away now! She's luring you to help her!"
He heard in response Doctor Yong spoke "Interesting."
Ellia spoke "Whoever they are or what they are, they will come. The ship has sent a signal of some kind. A distress call I think." 
Miguel spoke excitedly "Ooh, sensors are detecting a Human life form has come out of the damaged vessel." 
Doctor Yong spoke "Human? They must have contacted our race."
Ellia spoke "It doesn't explain the damage to the vessel."
Miguel spoke "Odd."
Miguel spoke in his communication link a watch on his wrist "Medics emergency get down to the bottom of the crater there's a humanoid life form in need of medical attention." 

In orange jumpsuits the medical team accompanied by the tower people reached the bottom of the crater. 
Doctor Yong he saw with horror ran to the ship till it was at arm's length ignoring his screaming at him mentally "Get away now!" 
With a cautious hand Doctor Yong reached out his hand and touched the ship. A change came to him as alien thoughts Terror heard came to Doctor Yong who yanked his hand back. 
Doctor Yong spoke to his communication link "I think we should first get information from the Human then inspect this ship with protection."
One of the medics spoke "Doctor Yong!" 
Doctor Yong walked up to them. The medic gestured to the man lying on the ground. Terror grimaced as he saw a human male lying there with recognition within him. Black technology was on the man's face while clad in black clothing covering him up fully. The man was heard mumbling sounds that seemed gibberish making him annoyed to hear.
Ellia he heard spoke "Colonies near here? The Others? They may want to know of this?"
Doctor Yong spoke "There's no other settlement on this side of space. We are not technology advanced as we are. We can't call for others in space without revealing ourselves to the enemy. We're on our own." 
Ellia spoke "May the One help us. I can't put my finger on it but there's something of that ship is giving me feelings of horror."
Miguel sarcastically spoke "Horror? We're on a break through of contacting another race that can help the Human race. What worse can happen?"
Terror mentally spoke in response "A horror unimaginable."
He concentrated onto the colony as if needing to do it.

Terror saw later in the compound of the control tower facility was bustling with activity. The skies were searched for other ships that will come to the colony. Ellia paced the floor. 
Doctor Yong spoke "Argh! Too much time has passed and none of any ships alien or not has past through this sector! It's ridiculous!"
Miguel added "That Human we have in med lab is like a vegetable repeating mumbling gibberish over and over. That technology we found plugged in John as we call him's head is anything like we've seen." 
Terror groaned softly hearing Miguel's words making him annoyed with that.
He mentally spoke "I'll see you free from this horror Justen. Don't worry about it."
He concentrated onto Justen's location to find him four floors down door in a room the door labeled 'John' lying on a bed. Justen his lips moved repeating gibberish words of the long gone language, a language the people of the machine spoke. Terror growled an annoyed noise. He spotted T'La stood in the doorway. Her right hand tugging onto the blue jumpsuit she wore. Her brown hair was put in a tail. 
Her eyes seen were all black he figured to himself "Must be a child of Justen by her eyes. Their always marked that way by the Telepaths and their obsession on having him mate with the odd female dubbed Diana." 
He saw T'La showed curiosity. Sounds were all around her but T'La didn't hear the sounds. She was taught sign language her only way of communicating. Her Mother told her not to enter the room. Declan was told but he was up in the control floor watching. T'La saw the man lying on the bed that was drawing her to go to him by the feelings he was giving her. There was a chair next to the bed. T'La climbed up on since her days she first walked. She would climb out of her crib to explore. She would often get lost but her Mother found her always. T'La stared at the man. His eyes were open staring not moving not blinking. His mouth was moving speaking words. Words that seemed gibberish T'La edged a hand to his face. There was black objects on his face. She touched it alien thoughts came to her. The man's eyes blinked. His mouth closed as his eyes closed. T'La pulled her hand away. The man's eyes opened and his mouth moved. A nurse came into the room and picked up T'La and carried her out of the room. 
She spoke on her communication link "Nurse Garg here to Ellia Leroy."
Ellia's voice spoke "Ellia Leroy here." 
Nurse Garg spoke "I found T'La in John's room." 
Terror frowned as he spotted Ellia came and took Declan who had all black eyes he figured to himself was another child of Justen, by the hand and went to the elevator. Nurse Garg was in it holding T'La who was silent with a look of curiosity on her face. Nurse Garg handed T'La to Ellia and left. Once again he focused onto Justen as Nurse Garg entered John's room. He heard Justen's voice speaking but shock came to him including Nurse Garg by her actions. Terror grunted feeling a poke of a clawed hand by one of the buggers he secretly referred the Tennans. He opened his eyes to focus onto them with annoyance running through him. 
He got from the Tennan speaking in Human language "Arrived machine place healing."
Terror saw via his mind that the Tennan was correct which he again focused onto Justen.
He saw the Nurse touching her communication's link she spoke "Nurse Garg here, whatever you're doing up there, drop it and get down here! John is speaking Agamemnon!"
She he recalled meant the name of the language the Humans have dubbed their official spoken language as Agamemnon.
The voice of Justen speaking in Agamemnon brought hope to him as he heard "I am the machine. I am one with the machine." 
Miguel he concentrated on spoke "What the depths is the machine?"
Doctor Yong spoke "My guess is it's either the ship sitting in the crater or something else." 
An alarm sounded, one of the technicians yelled out "Ships matching configuration of the ship in the crater! Their here!"
Terror grunted again as he and machine's creator answered a call of their machine. They came to a planet he saw. The call emanating within him from scanning they found one of their machine sitting in a crater in pain its heart was out. 
Terror heard from the Tennan "People soon sing song." 
He grimaced feeling the shuttle land planet bound to focus onto the natives of the planet.

In the control tower Terror saw Miguel spoke "Hmm those ships are still orbiting the planet." 
Doctor Yong spoke "What the depths are they waiting for?" 
T'La he saw tugged Ellia at her sleeve. He knew without Ellia looking that it was T'La. Ellia stared at T'La who signed with her hands. A frown came to her face. 
Doctor Yong spoke "Ellia? What is it?"
Ellia darted to the window and gasped "Oh the aliens!"
Doctor Yong and Miguel followed her to the window. 
Doctor Yong spoke "What the?! The ship seemed to have grown a bit!" 
Miguel spoke "Sensors indicate that there's a ship on top of the ship that is repairing the damaged ship." 
Doctor Yong spoke "Sound the alarm!"
A male voice spoke monotone shocking Terror "We mean you no harm." 
The voice was of Justen he saw with hope but disgust as he saw the spaced out look on the male's face. The natives he saw they saw Justen standing there in the doorway with a spaced out Human golden eyed look. 
Ellia spoke "What race are they?"
Justen spoke "They call me Justen. Like you said Miguel Ricos we can help the Human race if you help us first." 
The Humans of the control tower colony listened to Justen who added. "Their name in your language is ten thousand letters long actually hence they dubbing themselves Tennan. Long ago they went to sleep after a war one thousand of your years ago. Some sleep underground here and other somewhere else in the stars. They wait for the day when they are needed but they need your help for the time has arrived. If you help them all what you desire the most by each of you shall be your reward."
Terror grimaced hearing that finding the buggers aka Tennans coming into view showing themselves to the natives of the planet. He felt annoyance take hold seeing the Humans appear to believe Justen's words. 
Terror eyed Miguel as if drawn to see horror on the male's eyes making him think "At least one doesn't believe."

Terror remained in locked into a cave thinking to himself "So the Humans believed the words of the darkness but all things come with a price." 
He shut his eyes to focus onto Ellia who was facing a recording video camera that clicked as she spoke "Ellia Leroy here. Since the Tennans' machine ship arrived. I've hand a feeling a gut feeling of horror is what I felt from the ship. I tried to warn them. They wouldn't listen. I don't think the Tennans attend to give us what we desired the most like they claimed. I think they want to use us like we were puppets." 
She he heard paused then looked behind and then she pulled up T'La "Look what they did to my daughter T'La." 
Terror grimaced but spoke "She's not your daughter but Justen's."
He watched as Ellia continued "I found out that they have my son Declan in one of the machines. He came out insisting on being named D'Clan instead of his name of Declan. This technology I and T'La are wearing on our faces and is in our heads. I think it helps us with the connection to this machine the spider ship. Input Vide Cam four on." 
The recording he saw changed to an image of the familiar ship sitting in a cavern area as a male voice spoke "Ellia their going to hook Justen back into the machine." 
The recording's view clicked until it focused on a Human black technology on his face Terror recognized with disgust as Justen making him annoyed. He saw Justen was again mindless with markings of a Gate Destroyer on his form. He felt disgust seeing Justen was being dropped into a cave by a gurney lowered into the area. There was a few moments of silence before a chirp of a communication's link sounded. 
A male voice spoke "Doctor Yong here." 
Another voice female sounded "Garg here their about to hook Justen up." 
There was a sound of a screech came from the machine Terror recognized the sounds of being born. The video camera clicked back to Ellia's face. 
She spoke "Many others after Justen went into the machine and were hooked up before taken out for whatever reason unexplained to this day." 
The image went dark then clicked on a man's face Terror recognized as Miguel.
Miguel he heard spoke "Miguel Ricos here, the colony's people are all gone joined the Tennans. Most of the colony's people have become one of them. I believe there are some like me are resisting. I discovered that they don't seem to want to help the Human race. They use us Humans for their gain. I saw them hook them up in their machines here. I'm not even sure of the reason. I have discovered things about them including a terrible dark secret. I could tell you but I have to move on. Their looking for me, the others that will serve and this recording is running out of room. I don't know but I think they have some interests with the Human race. Before I move on I will launch this recording into space where hopefully everything displayed on this will fall into the hand of the Army of light."
Miguel he saw, paused looking around then the recording stopped his image clicked off.
Terror saw by Miguel's panicky behavior that he knew that the Tennans hunting for him were near. Quickly Miguel put the recording into a small launch probe he had fashioned himself. Then Miguel launched it into the dark sky Terror ignored to focus onto the male who got up running. 
Miguel ran through the forest panting then tripped hurting his ankle "Ahh!" 
Terror grunted seeing Miguel pulling out his gun he got up and limply kept running. He could heard hear voices speaking faintly he heard were the call of the machine making him annoyed to hear. He knew that they were after Miguel who had to keep running no matter what. 
A branch hit Miguel's legs as he fell he heard the voices spoke "Serve us!" 
Miguel yelled "I would rather die than serve!"
Terror heard the sound of a dart gun and something pinched Miguel's neck. 
He saw paralysis and sleepiness came to Miguel as he heard familiar voice spoke "Him prepare machine." 
Terror grimaced seeing that scene from where he was sitting in a cave locked there by the Tennans that refused to let him wander around still enforcing the Commandant's order of keeping him contained. Terror felt annoyance take hold as he recalled the Tennans wound up pestering him with questions in their ridiculous Human language way of what he saw. He grunted an annoyed sound hearing the familiar singing in his mind annoying him. He felt annoyance take hold to focus onto General Leroy as if hearing the machine order him to look elsewhere by the singing sounding annoyed. He saw the General was slowly traveling in space making a beeline towards another planetary world. Terror frowned finding the travel gates at Terra weren't working and seemingly malfunctioning to him. 
He exhaled a breath to figure "The ships' slowness would take too much time before they arrived to the colony as it's dubbed." 
Terror spoke mentally "Too late General. The colony where your wife was will not have an excuse for you to land."
He kept an eye on the progress of the General and ships' arriving to the colony's world he was in, before focusing onto the probe that Miguel sent into space.

In space the probe Terror tracked seemingly lengthy with too much time with the recording after being launched was traveling in space its system acting like it was designed to home on a special signal if it encountered it. The probe he saw traveled in space floating seeking signals. It took time then its systems detected a faint signal homing on the signal the probe traveled till it came to a yellow planet. It entered the atmosphere and traveled. Floating in the sky was an asteroid the signal coming from it Terror heard sounding of a musical tone that made him feel scared hearing. The probe entered the asteroid from an opening. It came to rest on a gray floor. Hands gloved took the probe apart. One pair of hands lifted the recording out holding it. A button was pressed and the images of the recording recorded came to play. Terror found himself unable to see who the people were like they were hidden from him. He felt annoyance take hold as he shifted to look away from them as if compelled. He looked away towards a planetary world as if compelled to focus onto it he hearing the name was Zarghuna. Ships he saw arrived to a planetary world dubbed Zarghuna. One ship arrived and waiting for them planet bound was the base the Annoyov Barrack Station built on a planet full of life that was dangerous to manoids but seemed teeming of life. 
"General Leroy" he figured "had learned his lesson well on forming bases on dead barren planetary worlds to create life on them including making them habitual for Human life due to the wars he was fighting in."
Terror recalled General Leroy's reason for Zarghuna the planetary world for the base "The Annoyov Barrack Station was a long range base a place for peace for species to get together and work out agreements. The base was formerly used for the civil war against the dictator rule of the Commandant and the alien race dubbed Spiders despite the Humans and whoever was still unsure of who they actually were." 
Terror saw on the Annoyov Barrack base after landing the shuttle from the ship to land on the pad onto the airlock Commander Yana Renova welcomed General Leroy aboard.
General spoke "Report Commander." 
She spoke "Several Telepath controlled ships managed to escape the rebellious rule of the Commandant. Their coming to surrender to you actually. I received coded transmissions that their on their way and to the other surviving ships providing that they don't run into enemy ships or into the Spiders." 
General spoke Terror grimacing at the name they referred the Tennan race they were fighting with "I hope so. We need all the forces we can get. It's bad enough we managed to gain control of Terra after losing it to the Telepaths taking control of it at first. The damage to Terra they left made the planet dead for living."
The Commander a Kang by the marking on her cheek groaned in agreement. 
She spoke "If it wasn't for the Telepaths gaining control we wouldn't have this war with this tyrant dubbing himself Commandant whoever he is that wouldn't have come along starting this civil war." 
Leroy sighed and spoke "Any news among other bases?"
Renova spoke "Annoyov four is finished. Annoyov two and Annoyov three were destroyed. Annoyov One is the only station left but I don't think so. 
General glared "Commander." He spoke firmly. 
Renova spoke sounding firm "Sorry but what happened to the colony and the other bases is making me think there's bad luck hanging over us. But I think there's got to be someone out there somewhere for us." 
Leroy spoke "I hope your right, Commander." 
He yawned tiredly as Renova spoke "Oops! I think excuse me for not assuming you were tired. I have you escorted to your quarters. 
Leroy spoke "Good I could use some good night's sleep."

In quarters Terror saw Leroy frowned staring out the window. Terror thought back when Leroy went back to the colony taken over by the Tennans. His ship was traveling in normal space twenty four hours on the way. 
The General's communications officer dubbing himself Andre Ricos an apparent relative of one of the colonists on the planet reported "I'm getting no transmissions from the colony. Their not answering our signals or communicating towards us back."
Then at that moment Leroy displayed a look on his face Terror recognized as became a feeling of dread as if something bad happened. 
Leroy had ordered his crew "Power up the ship's weapons! Ready fighters!" 
Twenty four hours later the ship went into normal orbiting the planet. Terror saw Leroy's disbelief as the General appeared that he couldn't believe when he saw the colony. The planet once full of life was a dead barren world having some gas for breathing on its surface. Leroy he recalled the day when he discovered the planet along in a star system full of deadness for colonizing to create new life on it. 
Terror recalled seeing someone a Telepath had warned Leroy "An alone dead worlds and worlds that were once dead were places of darkness. Leave them alone."
Leroy had ordered "Scan the planet for life." 
He heard from one officer speaking "There are none detected. Sorry General." 
Slowly after orbiting for a day the ships left. 

Sighing Leroy was seen closed the window shades. 
Leroy was heard speaking "I'll take whatever it cost to find out what happened to my wife and children. A vow I promised to keep even if it kills me."

Terror shifted to deep underground on the planet. T'La and Declan he saw couldn't go on the surface without an oxygen mask for the air of the surface had turned to some kind of gas. The adults could go onto the surface and breathe the gassy air. They were modified with gills in their necks except for himself to his disgust. 
He recalled Ellia told her children "We are working on Declan and other children but T'La would have to wait till she was older enough." 
The Tennans, Terror saw didn't care wherever T'La wondered around always exploring the caves and in the forbidden sections. They appearing to favor T'La by their behavior towards her. It made Terror annoyed with the containment attitude that was still displayed towards him included. The Tennans to his annoyance were watchful watching Declan and the other children that soon came to exist on from underground. He found thunder rumbled and lightening flashed in the skies. A sandstorm was blowing while T'La's brother and other children were asleep T'La who couldn't sleep was exploring as usual to Terror's annoyance. She had become fluent on how to speak the Tennans' language from her conversing with the Tennans he hearing her speaking their words. 
Ellia was said towards the Tennans eavesdropped by Terror "T'La can read and understand their writing symbols." 
She, Terror recalled wasn't lying for T'La found a cave with a symbol on it that none of the Humans entered. T'La had tried to go in but was caught by one of the Humans who had always taken her away. Next day had passed and they assumed that she forgot but T'La by her behavior of hanging around the cave sneaking inside appeared to not forget the warning of the adults. So at the dead of the night T'La wandered into the cave. 
The symbol at the cave entrance was of two words he saw "The Male." 
It was a long hallway. The walls were bare with only torches of fire giving off lights. At the end of the hallway was a small cavern. T'La, Terror saw a giant black egg sitting in the middle of the room. It was a habit of T'La from knowing her to touch objects that seemed new to her. She edged forwards and touched the egg to Terror's annoyance. The egg shimmered then slithered away showing a cylinder lying on its side. Terror focused onto the cylinder to peer in the glass portion of the cylinder. A Human male he recognized with shock was Justen lay asleep black technology was on his face similar what T'La had on her face. T'La he concentrated onto after the shock appeared to be having hearing tech that detected sounds of voices behind her. Darting around the she squeezed herself into a small crevice and she sat waiting he saw. Four people two women and two men came into the cavern Terror saw. One was of her Mother Ellia. They began talking conversing. Terror eyed the Tennan hiding in the cave behind T'La that began poking her who appeared to feel something hit her back ignored the poking. The Tennan after giving off a faint growl pushed T'La who fell out of the crevice loosing a pile of rocks. The noise attracted the adults' attention including Terror's disgust making him annoyed with the Tennan for that behavior towards her. 
Her Mother spoke "Ahh Here's my daughter Titania, your egg opener." 
One of them spoke Terror concentrated onto him he learned his name was Doctor Yong "Well I wish she hadn't done that. It could have disturbed them enough to investigate and use the Barron again. We'll be dead in medical.' 
The other man Miguel Ricos spoke "Conspiracy needs a few people who Telepaths can't read. I reckon that they can't read T'La." 
The other woman named Nurse Garg spoke "I don't know what they did to the kids but I want payback for that." 
Doctor Yong spoke "Of all of the people here I'm surprised that they left us alone to go in here. What are they afraid of? Justen in that tube or what?"
Miguel spoke "How the depths should I know? Maybe they know of our little play and is stringing us along-" 
Ellia interrupted "Shh someone is coming." 
Doctor Yong spoke "If anyone ask deny everything." 
A man came into the cavern Terror recognized with disgust taking hold. 
There were gasps as Ellia cleared her throat followed by glares as she spoke "Not in front of the kid, Doctor." 
The man was the Commandant dressed in a black uniform a silver badge of a Kang was on his uniform marking him as a telepath. He had black hair with pale white skin and his eyes were all black. 
The Commandant spoke "Info from the Tennans hiding around here tells me that you all of you are like Justen implanted in you." 
Terror grimaced hearing the Commandant's words.
Miguel spoke "Excuse me but since this cavern is forbidden then why does having us explain why we're allowed in here?"
The Commandant spoke "Ask Justen." 
He turned and left.
Garg spoke with sarcasm "Ask Justen? How? Besides opening the egg we haven't figured out how to wake Justen. 
A new voice spoke "Oh you have." 
Terror exhaled a breath hearing Justen's voice speaking Tennan's language in some guttural growling noise sound. He saw the adults spun around to see the cylinder glass was open with Justen sitting up in it looking normal to him. He sighed of relief but felt annoyance take hold seeing weariness on Justen's face. 
Doctor Yong spoke "By the One, help him." 
Garg and Miguel helped Justen out by grabbing his arms and hoisted him out. 
Justen spoke still using the Tennans' language "Thank you. Means if I'm implanted with an egg so are all of you." 
Miguel spoke "Uh Justen who's this egg you're referring to?"
Terror recalled the egg was the entity balls acting like computers absorbing knowledge from people while inhibiting them to his annoyance. He focused onto Justen he knew wasn't inhibited by an entity ball by the language he used.
Justen spoke "I don't know they call me the male. But I don't know how can I a Human be the male to what?"
Terror spoke mentally while hearing Justen's question "Above you a corridor away was a huge vast cavern. In the middle was a giant black spidery creature mistaken as a space ship. It was the most power of the all the Spiders acting as their Queen of the species race dubbed Tennan. The Tennans planned to have you mate with their Queen to create more offsprings actually space ships from the mating. They hoped that you would be the Queen's mate."
Terror frowned from his thought but shifted his eyes from seeing the scene towards somewhere else. He focused onto a yellow planet on an asteroid. 
He figured to himself from his glimpses "It's a base of some kind. It's sanctuary for people since a war."
He found the base was full of activity voices were speaking different tones but the same language this time in musical voice tones with electronic like voices. It made him annoyed as he focused onto a wall as if drawn. Terror unable to see who the voices were that were speaking. The wall showed images of a recording playing Ellia and Miguel's messages over and over on a gray wall. It came to the part on Justen. A hand he saw looking webby like reminding him a Fishla species from the webbed hand swept in motion the picture froze. 
Terror heard male voice spoke "He lives. The One lives." 
Another voice spoke sounding in an alien voice in musical electronic voice tones making him grimace "Contacts on the colony as dubbed by the Humans say the Tennans as their called are preparing Justen for the Queen. Unsure of what it means."
The male voice spoke "Come what may, the merging will not happen!"
A musical voice spoke "Come what may, I fear it has happened and you must commit to the change." 
The light on shined low around the room focused onto a Human male with all black eyes of a Telepath making Terror gasp of shock seeing him. 
The Human spoke "If I commit to this what will I be called?"
The musical voice spoke "Leader Lave." 
The Human lifted up a triangle object large sized "With this I shall be the one." 

Terror frowned to turn his eyes elsewhere focusing on the Humans' lost colony in the dead of the night in the forbidden cavern a meeting was taking place. 
Miguel spoke "I don't know how many days or years they call it instead of cycles past but I'm surprised that they haven't caught use yet?"
Ellia spoke "T'La anything to add?"
T'La spoke in the Tennan's language "No don't have anything to add, Mom. Except D'Clan thinks the male is actually for a female of some group involved with merging." 
Ellia repeated what she said in Agamemnon. 
Doctor Yong spoke "Argh it's easy for kids to understand this language but I'm as heck having a trouble speaking it."
Miguel and Garg added agreements. 
Doctor Yong spoke again "Well I can't find anything new for uh Justen here." 
Justen glared as Doctor Yong spoke ""Sorry."
Garg spoke "Got a message from the One says this he has merged and is in process of creating one for Justin to merge. Whatever that means." 
Ellia spoke "I have a hunch on who she is but I dare not mention who she is for they'll be on her." 
The Commandant's voice spoke he heard "Tell us." 
The Commandant walked into the cavern speaking to his disgust "Like you said Miguel 'Maybe they know of our play is and stringing us along.'"
He gestured towards Justen who smirked while folding his arms and added "The male destined to mate with the machine a Queen actually a female." 
There were gasps as Doctor Yong spoke "Tell me what you plan to do to us?"
The Commandant spoke "The Queen will answer that question." 
Then there were sounds in the room ominous as the Tennans arrived. 
Miguel spoke "Buggers their the Spiders themselves." 
Ellia was heard "You implanted my children with implants why?!'
Terror frowned instead of answering as he nothing in answer to her question as he concentrated onto the scene.
The lights flickered out as screaming sounds were heard followed by evil like laughter tones. Figures in black carried the people on gurneys. The gurneys took them to a chamber. There were multiple drones sat in the chamber attending to the Queen. There were shrieks as if something was being merged reborn as Justen was merged. 

Terror sighed and forced himself to look elsewhere he disgusted with what he was seeing. He focused onto the alien world where the asteroid was showing the familiar Telepath there. He saw the Human male a Telepath put the triangle on a crystal like diamond device it glowed. 
He spoke "Come what may the Leaders will finish the work of what was started by the Ancients." 
Terror frowned with a groaned softly seeing the Human enter a cylinder tube that flooded with water that covered the area seemingly lengthy. He frowned as the water got drained out followed by gasping of seeing the figure inside he figured was now Leader Lave as called. He shifted to look elsewhere as if drawn.

Terror frowned but saw out in space ships traveled seeking and searching they appearing to be waiting for the merging of Justen with their Queen waiting. Terror recalled his merging in the Queen's body. He saw in his mind as he came upon a path in space. It was quite familiar to Terror he hearing himself crying him not to go but curiosity got to him. He traveled following the path of whatever the Queen made in his mind as the merging happened. In space the ships contacted him through the Queen's mind after the merging was done. 
They told him "We're detecting a ship's trail made by an army that stood in our way of reaching our goal." 
The trail was long as ships newly created from the merging rose up born from the Queen from the planet seeking the enemy ships while finding in space a cluster of ships gathered around a space base. The ships surrounded the base fired as the other ships went away escaping destruction. The Tennans with their great power of the merge of their Queen and Terror's mating creating more ships destroyed the base. Terror recalled getting an image of inside one of the last ships to escape the destruction a male of a species. He later learned was identified as a Fishla stood wearing a black uniform with anger seen from his behavior of flapping fins fast. 
The Fishla spoke "Tell home world that the enemy the Spiders as we call them have destroyed the star base." 
The Fishla male spoke adding after Terror heard a beep sound "I hope somewhere out there there's a base for us for if not then we and the rest of the people in the known universe are doomed."
Terror groaned softly hearing that from the Fishla from memory of his merging one thousand Humans' years ago. A time when the Ancients were fighting among each other on their home world Terra as dubbed to the point of nearly wiping themselves out with their weapons of destruction. 
Terror recalled "The Tennans got a hold of me to mate with their Queen for creating more of their ships." 
Terror felt annoyance take hold recalling "The Fishla managed to destroy the Queen traveling in space via surprise act from an asteroid field. The Queen in her pain of being destroyed freed me to float around in space."
He shook his head of the memory not recalling "How I found myself buried in the earth of a planet I coming out reborn making me confused to this. I recalled fully of coming out at nighttime to meet the Fishla aka convicts, who taught me how to survive on the colony a planet full of convicts ruled by a group dubbed Skull." 
Terror continued to think "I recall meeting the Skull group a bunch of Fishla wearing skeletons' masks on their faces while armed with gun weapons in some brown uniforms that were playing a game with the convicts.
I recalled one of the Skulls as referred told me 'You will learn the rules of the game or suffer death from the Fire Wheel.'"
Terror recalled "The Fire Wheel was some kind sunlight burning trapped manoids to death when the sun was at it dangerous heating time during the day. The Fishla living on the colony remained active around the nighttime. They hid during the daytime to avoid the sun's burning when the sun reached a certain point in the sky. The sun's burning could be any position in the sky for the Fire Wheel as the Fishla called it to happen. That's why the Skulls were always covered up. Their wearing protection from the Fire Wheel as the Fishla calls it. It's for them to travel around during the day seeking convicts that break their laws or rules of peace to burn to death. The Skulls didn't care who they found hidden as long as the person was burned to death via the Fire Wheel. It's apparently some game between convicts and the Skulls for the Fire Wheel's burning."
He continued to remember "The Skulls found me hidden in a small cave and tried to leave me for the Fire Wheel where I felt a great deal of pain. I don't remember what happened next except waking up from being buried in the ground discovering myself still contained in that ridiculous colony world scaring Fishla after I got out. The Skulls got a hold of me and got me as one of them seeking convicts to execute in some game. I was forced to do this till the Tennans arrived to the planet and got me off via merging with their Queen. The Tennans caused lots of damage to the colony as they got me off and transported me to a colony involving the Humans this time."
Terror again recalled "The Tennans as a price tag had me mate with one of their own people instead of the Queen to create more ships. How am I supposed to know that the Tennans all of them are females despite appearing to look like a male on the outside? I mated with that Tennan to my disgust. Created my son Justice despite not sure of why he's named that. I valued from the Tennan birthing him. I tried to keep him out of the Tennans' influence which worked."
Terror frowned to hear an angry singing in his mind which he groaned softly and focused onto Justen as if drawn to recall the Commandant telling him "His name is Justen Gate Destroyer. He led the Humans on the planetary world of Terra to get the Spiders off and out. Survivors of that battle hid and raped females, mostly Gate Destroyers, after discovering their male status. The Telepaths wound up created as a result. It was them who discovered your All Seeing One's power from the Telepaths' mind scanning you. 
The Tennans as a result have been referring you as 'All Seeing One.'"
He felt a prick of a pain in his neck jerked open his eyes to discover six Telepaths gathered around him while whacking gun butts aimed at Tennans who were heard growling. Terror felt himself slipping away into an unconscious state with his eyes open. He looked to focus finding two of the Telepaths picked him up dragging him by the arms. He heard the Tennans growling out their protests that were ignored. Terror felt himself unable to move as the Telepaths got him onto a shuttle with them putting him onto the floor he lying on it. He eyed the shuttle's contents seeing he was tossed all over the place ignored by the Telepaths seeing via a window strapped up into seats. 
He figured to himself "I'm being transported elsewhere by the Commandant's orders! Blast him for this stunt!"
Terror found himself flying all over the place whacking into metallic walls seemingly lengthy till he felt gravity to hit the floor with a loud grunt. He grunted feeling himself sore all over as he heard a door opening sound to find the Telepaths grabbing him. He felt himself too weak to protest to them hauling him down the stairs and throwing him onto a sandy ground. Terror rolled onto his back eyeing the Telepaths warily to find one thrusting the butt of his gun onto his forehead making him sleepy. He shut his eyes to find himself floating above his body. He focused onto his body as a sandstorm arrived blowing sand all over him nearly burying him. Terror found the sand covering him entirely till he found his eyes shift elsewhere in space on a planet. He recognized the planet as a former colony forgotten by the Humans assuming it was dead. The colony in its world was originally built as a place of refugee a place from the Human Telepath war. But a force unknown made the people to leave and ignore it leaving the colony ignored. The colony was forced to become a dead world again. Terror woke up from feeling the sand getting into his lungs coughing him awake. He stood eyeing the sunlit sky after being dumped off by ship by the Telepaths via force. 
"The Telepaths." he recalled "Wound up ignoring the Tennans' protests when they took me from the former Humans' colony planet and brought me onto another planet dumping me there." 
Terror recalled with disgust running through him as if compelled one of the Telepaths spoke "The Commandant gives his regards All Seeing One.'
Terror was felt annoyance take hold recalling the words after he was forced off the ship onto the sandy ground and knocked unconscious. He looked around as the sands seemed lengthy in its distances. He eyed the sun that shined overhead glaring in some heat. 
He sighed figuring to himself "At least it's not the Fire Wheel's colony." 
Terror forced himself to walk lengthy on the sands that glowed red colored. The sky was a seemingly yellow color from the glaring sun. He spotted something floating in the sky that made him think it was a rock but he wasn't sure. He kept on walking till he felt himself terribly thirsty abruptly from the hotness. Terror forced himself to keep on walking stumbling onto the sands till he felt himself wanting to lie down obeyed. He stared at the rock in the sky to shut his eyes and concentrated onto it to see it was familiar. He concentrated seeing the rock was an asteroid floating in the sky in orbit of the planet some deserted world of endless sands. He laid seemingly lengthy feeling himself flicking from unconscious to conscious till unconscious status took control. 
Terror came to hearing singing that didn't make sense to him followed by hearing "Silence! You will help the visitor now!"
Terror heard the tone sounded of a musical voice in an electronic like tone felt hands lifting him up followed by going unconscious. 

Terror woke up hearing music that sounded pleasant towards him. He jerked open his eyes finding himself facing a being appearing to be another version of a Human, by the wings, white robe on and feminine form with bald head in a Human like face. He knew instantly the being wasn't a being of death to him but appeared to be a being of light. 
Terror heard the music and electronic tones sounding from the being "I am Sora of the Fishla species. Actually I'm an evolved female now into this Earthari form as we call your species."
He wound up getting up from the bed while staring at Sora who was surrounded by others of her kind all females he noticed.
Terror heard from Sora again "We are honored to meet you we sense has a gift that is a blessing from our creator."
Terror exhaled a breath from Sora's words "I recall the Fishla always revered an All Seeing One god as their creator. Sora from her wording involving gift made me aware that she knows that I have an All Seeing One ability to see everything but couldn't sense the thoughts of people."
Sora he eyed wound up to hear from her again "We have a mission for you to do. You must be patient for the mission to be done."
Terror didn't comment a word as Sora and her people floated away from showing a cylinder tube he looked with a gasp sound of recognition. He exhaled a breath seeing the cylinder's contents to focus onto Sora as if needing to do it. He knew that Humans seeing the females would mistake them as Angelic beings of light with Human faces seen something the Fishla wound mistake them as Earthari. 
He heard from Sora again said "Be patient. The Fishla will come as they have in the war. They are quite desperate after the destruction of a home. We live here for sanctuary from the desperation of the destruction. The One will be the hand to teach them that destruction isn't good."
Terror spoke as if compelled "Will they accept you and I despite our differences?"
He heard Sora spoke "They will come and wake up Justen your son." 
He spoke ignoring her speaking Justen's name "The Tennans from my senses cued to my son have him in their grips. I hope we can free him, Sora." 
Sora spoke "The time to free him will arrive."
Terror looked through the window of the asteroid at the cloudy golden sky. His face was a Human face with a beard and a mustache in the color black having shoulder length hair with eyes that were human black looking. Terror exhaled a breath recognizing his appearance as one of the Ancient forms of a Human from the looks of him. He without a word looked behind him at the Fishla female an angelic being glowing white light. The light he saw was illuminating the room a jail cell from the looks of it. He saw her light wound up showing a cylinder holding a Fishla male inside that was sleeping from the looks of it. The Fishla male had his eyes open showing them all black of a Telepath and appeared to not acknowledge anything around him while lying in there. Terror without another word resumed looking out the window again hearing the familiar singing making him grimace. Terror didn't say a word of communication towards Sora and her singing instead focused elsewhere as if needing to do it. He found himself unable to see any of Sora and her people traveling around the asteroid's contents from inside. It made him annoyed from that. Terror heard Sora's singing continue sounding of music to him making him annoyed.
He figured to himself "Her singing is their way of keeping me out from seeing within this place. That's how they kept me out despite aware of my All Seeing One ability. One of the Telepaths must have told the Fishla of this ability. It's him in that cylinder tube asleep at the moment dubbing himself Leader Lave."
Terror shifted to eye on the Annoyov Barrack Station via his mind after shutting his eyes. He found himself unable to see anything to figure to himself "Blast Sora and her singing. She's blocking me from seeing anything."
He grunted and annoyed sound as he recalled a memory coming to his mind involving General Leroy asleep in his quarters. 
General Leroy he saw was rudely awaken out sleep by the voice of his computer speaking "Commander Renova is waiting for you to answer on line one priority."
Leroy groaned "Argh! No wonder they call this base Annoyov!"
The computer spoke "Priority one means answer at once." 
Groaning Leroy got up from a bed. He found General was still clad in his uniform. 
Leroy spoke "Lights on." 
The quarters' lit up as Leroy walked to the video terminal and spoke "Receive." 
Commander Renova appeared on the screen Leroy spoke "What the depths are you doing disturbing my sleep? I'm trying to get a decent good night's sleep since I'm planet bound. The ship I travel in doesn't have any gravity. I have to wear ankle weights when walking including sleeping in a floating bag. So please let me sleep."
Renova spoke "The Battle Axe picked up refugees from an attack appearing to be from the Commandant onto their home planet we're still trying to find out where-"
Leroy interrupted "Excuse me? You woke me up to tell me of a ship carrying refugees?"
Renova glared and spoke "Escorted by an alien warship species identifying themselves by this worded name of Fishla they using some 'Sorry we caused destruction' comment in communications towards us?"
Leroy spoke "Fishla, who the depths are they thinking anyway?"
Renova spoke "Then why don't you come down and see for yourself, Renova out." 
Leroy spoke as he grumbled "I ought to get out walking in the fresh air more. Getting crazy around here." 
Terror exhaled a breath to continue on focusing onto the memory of Justen piloting a shuttle to a location to where the Commandant wanted him while containing children. 
He recalled with disgust "The Tennans came upon an idea to hook up children once they reached sexual maturity for creating more ships from the Queen via machine use. The Tennans figured out that the children could withstand being used more often but it left them sicker actually." 
He recalled fully "The Battle Axe got a hold of the shuttle and escorted it to the Annoyov Barrack Station with the Fishla escorting it." 
Terror recalled a memory of seeing the Command Center was a hive of activity as General Leroy came into the room to hear a voice bellow "General on deck!"
Everyone stopped what they were doing and stood attention. 
Leroy spoke "As you were." 
The bustling activity resumed as he went to Commander Renova who spoke "The Battle Axe is coming in via travel gate's space orbiting the planet. We have visuals aimed at the area shown on the main screen."

The gate flicked warning red lights before flashing white as the Human Alliance ship Battle Axe came out in a flash of light followed by the refugee ship flashing and an alien ship that was colored blue and shaped like an actual animal fish with mouth shut and no signs of gills seen that flashed as it came out. 

A voice spoke on the communication link communicating to the Annoyov Barrack Station planet bound sounding electronic in a male voice "This is Shuttle One carrying refugees permission to land and board.' 
Leroy tapped some keys onto the console table and spoke "This is the Annoyov Barrack Station control to Shuttle One permission granted. Proceed to the landing pad bay four." 
The voice also spoke "Have your medics meet us when we land. We have a Human male in need of medical attention." 
Terror recalled with annoyance "Justen managed to inject some sleeper drug into his system to appear to look unconscious once on landing to the Annoyov Barrack station. I remembered seeing General Leroy stood in the arrival terminal to the landing pads' areas with Commander Renova at his side." 
A voice of the computer blared "Shuttle landed. Boarding parties are to meet now."
Leroy stood eyeing the terminal's hallway that went on lengthy having doorways to landing pads to eye the one labeled four to see if open as an officer walked out. He recognized as Lieutenant Andre Ricos brother of Miguel Ricos that didn't seemed pleased to see him. 
Terror recalled "Andre Ricos verbally blamed the General for the loss of his older brother Miguel Ricos on the lost Human colony. He had always shown some dislike feeling towards Leroy." 
Ricos reached Leroy and spoke sarcastically "General." 
He heard voices chattering yelling "Move it coming through!"
Leroy looked to see medics pushing a gurney having a figure of a male form lying on it Terror recognized as Justen unconscious. He saw confusion on Leroy's face. The General seeing Justen had markings of a Gate Destroyer rare for Humans to have despite them mostly Kangs via markings on their face on a cheek and Elrics via markings on one arm. 
Terror frowned further recalling "The Gate Destroyer species was assumed extinct by the Humans." 
Terror recalled he heard one of the medics stop by the General saying "He's the pilot of the shuttle we found. That via computer communications' voice refused us to board or refused to get aboard our warship. He instead kept insisting in some crazy manner of wanting to find land to land the shuttle period."
He saw Leroy directed his attention towards the people who came out of landing pad four's doorway. He saw that they were all young as children barely in their late teens. 
Leroy spoke "Kids?"
Ricos spoke with sarcasm sounding annoyed "From what we got out of them after landing is the colony's planetary world was reaching some destruction status of disaster. They only had one shuttle. The Fishla via communications also claimed that the kids may have encountered the Spiders. The shuttle via scans of the Fishla have claimed some damage from the Spider ships but we haven't found anything to indicate that. The Fishla have proven to be correct due to that all the kids as you call them appear to have some kind of technology implanted into them that is alien to Humans. The Fishla keeps claiming that they had nothing to do with the implantation." 
Leroy spoke "Interesting." 
Ricos gave Leroy a glare and added "According to medics examining them the tech is unlike anything we have seen." 
He saw Rico walk off ignoring Leroy sputtering questions as he heard from Renova "I think I'll go to medical bay and see about our pilot. He had looks of a Gate Destroyer on him. It's odd after not seeing them around for too much time to assume them extinct." 
Leroy spoke "Let me know-"
Leroy was interrupted by a male voice speaking "Daddy!"
Before Terror knew it from memory Leroy was hugged by two kids figures seemingly teenaged old to him one a male and one a female. He eyed them with annoyance to see that they had all black eyes and tech on their faces including wearing uniforms on their forms with some broach that indicated something related to something he wasn't sure what. He noticed that the other kids weren't wearing those uniforms or having all black eyed looks either and appeared to look sickly looking to him. 
He stared at two children with shock of recognition as D'Clan he assumed was him spoke "Daddy." 
Leroy heard spoke "Declan, Titania?"
He saw his son's son D'Clan as he wished to be named was nearly reaching Leroy's height and tall with long brown hair. Along with his son's daughter T'La as she wished to be name was still shorter than her brother and appeared to be scrutinizing Leroy further due to realizing that she was still deaf. 
Leroy eyed T'La to speak "Titania?"
T'La he saw nodded her head as if hearing Leroy as he spoke "You got healed to hear?"
T'La shook her head in a no gesture only to hear from D'Clan "She's wearing a tech implant that helps her hear actually. Besides she seemed to have lost her ability to speak any sounds. She can only communicate by hand language called sign language we invented among each other me voicing for her." 
Leroy spoke eyeing the kids "Where's your Mother?"
Terror saw both kids look at each other with a narrowed eyed look of a glare before D'Clan looked at Leroy and spoke "Sorry Daddy she's dead." 
Leroy groaned softly as Terror groaned softly recalling that Ellia was still alive contained someplace as his son's children resumed hugging Leroy in response.

Terror shook his head of the memory while still hearing Sora singing away. He recalled seeing in medical bay Renova stood eyeing the Doctor a female with a Kang marking on her face. The Doctor was talking to one of the medics looking familiar to him having a Kang mark on his face in the room he eavesdropped. 
He saw the Doctor noticed Renova spoke "Commander I like to introduce you to one of the refugees Doctor Chang Yong. He'll be taking over to handle the kids' care due to expertly knowing what their medical problem is at the moment." 
Renova spoke "Pleased to meet you Doctor so status of the pilot?"
Doctor spoke "He's in stable condition and appearing to be unconscious with his injuries unclear. He's actually a Gate Destroyer despite them rumored to be extinct." 
Renova hissed out a breath as the female Doctor pointed to a bed and added "See for yourself." 
Renova walked to the bed and stared at Justen he saw from memory was lying on the bed wearing an odd uniform on his form with a broach making him confused to seeing that uniform on his son. 
Renova spoke out loud "Does he have a name?"
Doctor Yong spoke loudly answering her question "Not really but two of the refugees kids who can communicate via hand language one of them translating have dubbed him by the name of Justen. They refused to say why they dub him that name or say if he talked or not. Them indicating that they met him before but have refused to say where. Also the shuttle answered our distress signal on the planet. Could only hold a limited amount of people to save so the colony's children and I were chosen to go. They went with the sickest of the kids actually." 
Renova spoke "Doctor Yong why were you chosen?"
He replied "I didn't want to go. Since I was the colonists' only medical doctor they were concerned that the children would need medical help so they forced me aboard." 
Renova turned to leave spoke firmly eyeing Doctor Yong "Let me know if the pilot is well enough to wake up." 
She left the room which the female Doctor resumed talking to Doctor Yong telling him of the Annoyov's medical bay's functions he heard. 

Terror found from memory General Leroy arriving and stood in Medical Bay watching the pilot lying on the bed having markings of a Gate Destroyer and showing the male was a rare Human according to tests done onto him.
Leroy spoke loudly "Doctor?"
Leroy waited as the female Doctor arrived speaking "Yes?"
Leroy spoke "Have Justen here be moved to a private room. If anyone objects tell them it was my orders that must be obeyed period."
Doctor spoke "It shall be done General." 
Then she walked away which Terror frowned to think to himself "It shall be done? Sounds telepathic to me."
His eyes widen of shock to mentally snarl from memory "Blast! She's a spy for the Telepaths!"
Terror recalled "A while back seeing Leroy sitting in a bar drinking beer soon after discovering the lost Human colony dead when a Telepath dressed in a uniform of a Telepath's came up to the male. 
The Telepath stood with a hood covering the face he unable to see who it was that spoke in a familiar male voice 'They have awaken the war have begun. It shall be done.'"
The Telepath walked off found Leroy walked out of the bar. The Telepath walked out unstopped males not caring to notice him, him staring at his back which Leroy followed out. Leroy's foot from the scrape sound hit something on the ground. Terror recalled he saw was a broach from memory twin to Justen and his kids were wearing.
Terror saw the Telepath stood outside that stopped walking to turn facing in a direction as if seeing him spying that spoke "Don't trust those you expect trust from." 
He saw Leroy act as if he sensed a presence behind the male only to get hit on the back of the head followed by going unconscious. Terror then recalled Leroy woke up in some medical facility stripped of his clothes leaving him only clad in his underwear and the memory of the Telepath in his mind. He frowned at the memory running through him to recall that the Telepath male sounded familiar but couldn't place him. Terror sighed and felt a hand on his arm to look seeing it belonged to Leader Lave awake from his cylinder. Leader Lave via his eyes was giving him a creepy narrowed all black eyed look making him nervous unexpectedly. Terror looked away as Leader Lave's hand become tighter onto his arm. He resumed looking at Leader Lave he noticed was dressed in Justen and his kids' uniform complete with the broach that gave him a glare expecting him to talk.
Terror spoke firmly in Agamemnon the language of the Humans "What is it you expect me to tell you on?"
He glared at Leader Lave feeling himself no longer creep out but annoyed to hear "General Leroy's death. You saw what happened to him so talk now."
He exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak the story.

General Leroy spoke noticing T'La in Medical Bay with him "T'La there's some things I want you to know but when we're in some place private. I'll tell you, you get it my words?"
Leroy saw T'La nod her head in understanding. Leroy turned to eye nurses arrived with a gurney to put Justen onto it. He eyed T'La looking annoyed by the expression on her face. Leroy frowned as the nurses brought Justen out of sight into a hallway. Leroy restrained T'La from following by having a hand on her arm as she folded her arms giving the male a glare. 
The General spoke "Sorry kid but he has questions that must be answered." 
T'La nod her head in agreement with the glare still on her face-"
Terror got interrupted by Sora singing "You're stalling on telling the story Terror as you wish to be called so tell it now!"
He obeyed.

Leroy appeared to frown as the male added while in the garden with T'La "It was back then when I was living on a colony world changed from deadness status to living status with my wife Ellia. Soon before thrust to care for the both of you. It was three months before the Commandant took control of the Humans and their forces as their leader. I called to General leadership's duty to fight the Telepath leader out of position. I remembered being at one side of the house busy doing the chore of painting when I heard my wife screaming loudly. I grabbed my projectile gun to come into view finding a male in a black uniform I later learned was of a Telepath. He was holding a girl child in his arms with a standing boy child clinging to the male's leg. The male have an all black eyed look Ellia was acting frightened to see. 
I glared at the male pointing my projectile gun at the man and spoke 'What do you want and get out?!' 
I eyed the male that thrust the young girl child with black eyes towards Ellia and gestured via hand signs to take. The male included hand gesturing towards the boy child also having black eyes to take. I found myself not protesting to that took the children to watch the stranger walk away going into the forest disappearing out of sight."
Leroy added "I wound up coming upon a male Gate Destroyer that acted threatening towards me. That while trying to kidnap my children from a walk in the forest together to go fishing once you and your brother were old enough to walk with me. I had a gun on my person pointed the projectile weapon aimed at the Gate Destroyer. 
I gave up the threat 'Let go of my children or I'll shoot you to death with my projectile gun.' 
I found the Gate Destroyer gave me a glare in response to let go of the children and run a finger over the throat area pointing a finger aimed at me before disappearing from eyesight. I managed to put away my gun and took you children by the arms out away from the area into the house-"
Terror got interrupted by Sora speaking "You're again stalling."
He spoke firmly "I'm trying to get to the point of the story actually. Excuse me. I saw T'La tapped Leroy on the arm shaking him of looking shocked which the male released her arm to fold his arms. I sensing she seemed furious with Leroy having to touch her by the wiping gesture on her arm where Leroy touched her and giving him angry looks. 
Leroy spoke "Just old memories coming to mind sorry T'La. I'll tell you about it in private later."
He walked out of the medical bay to turn around seeing T'La hadn't followed. He gave her a glare along with making a come gesture to see her fold her arms and follow him out to his order. Declan dubbing himself D'Clan came into medical bay soon after that. 
He stopped the female Doctor and spoke to her "Have you seen General Leroy?"
She spoke loudly "Computer location of General Leroy?"
He heard in response "Garden." 
The Doctor as assumed was her position gave D'Clan instructions of where to go which he obeyed. He walking slowly among the crowd in the area and running fast once alone to reach the garden's entrance to dart among bushes looking for T'La's signs she visibly left. 
D'Clan came upon a Tennan that spoke "Follow we. We know where you seek."
He obeyed following the Tennan till he heard the General's voice speaking 'T'La that's what I want you to do."

Terror spoke "The story of what I told you regarding the General adopting T'La and D'Clan was what he told her."
He again got Sora's stalling comment to continue on speaking the story.

D'Clan was heard called out "Hey Dad!"
He heard in response "Oh Declan has decided to join us judging by hearing him." 
D'Clan joined them both to see T'La sign some gesture saying "Kill him."
D'Clan seen signing telling her "I'll handle doing that as ordered."
D'Clan wound up seen hugged Leroy sticking his fingernails in the male's back including a needle from a syringe in the process. Then let go of him to stare at him with a frown expression on his face. Making it seem like he was innocent in the fingernail digging. 
He eyed Leroy as the General rubbed his arm and spoke "It's good seeing you both after awhile of not able to see you. I'm glad to see you again. Just shocking that your back in my life despite reportedly declared dead from the colony world. I as your Father missed you terribly." 
T'La made gestures with her signing "He's not our Father."
The General who was seen stopped rubbing his arm and groaned loudly while bending down clutching at his chest. The male was appearing to have trouble breathing. 
D'Clan and T'La backed up as the General edged himself towards them groaning loudly "A little help here kids as your Father." 
D'Clan shook his head and spoke "I would if I could General Leroy but you're not our Father anyway."
The General's face formed a shocked expression who fell to kneel while still gasping for air as D'Clan continued "We have orders that we must obey period. One of them-"
A Tennan came into view that spoke "Leave now! Doctor suspicious! Tracker on him!"
D'Clan jabbed a finger towards General Leroy to see T'La in a fast move inject the male with a syringe via neck area contents going into him. They both ran darting away further into the garden. They ran till they neared the entrance and slowed down their running to walk aimlessly. They signing to each other nothing but talk on hoping to meet their real Father soon as they could. 
Medics came into view one holding a device in his hand while pushing a gurney who spoke loudly "Tracker is indicating his life signs are failing fast! Come on now lets hurry!"
The medics seen running away into the bushes still carrying their equipment.
T'La was seen signed to her brother "General put Justen in a private room on his orders. He refused to let me follow to find out where the medics put him Hmph." 
D'Clan signed back "Don't worry his location will be pointed out to us by the appropriate people once we're there."

Terror stopped talking to frown while giving Leader Lave a glare and spoke "That's the story of how General Leroy died. He was assassinated by two kids taught by the Commandant influencing them to become assassins. They kill without remorse. It's something I saw from T'La aka The Little Assassin and D'Clan aka Deadly Assassin. Hence they influenced to join your religious belief by the uniform of the Skulls your wearing Leader Lave as you call yourself. It's the Skulls' uniform dubbing themselves Leaders despite referred as Skulls."
He glared at Leader Lave to hear from Sora "Leave the room Leader Lave. Handle punishing the Leaders answering to the names of T'La and D'Clan contained somewhere within here. The Leaders are not in their cell at the moment despite not sensing them there."
Terror spoke seeing Leader Lave walking away "Try the ducts behind the walls. The kids kind of like enclosed spaces like that to sleep in. They despise airy rooms for sleeping in. They admitted to me that their bothered by airy rooms for sleeping in. Doesn't matter how many blankets they use. This still bothers them."
He eyed Leader Lave walking behind Sora to find her blocking his view of the male leaving the room despite hearing a faint squeaking sound. He again got the familiar music sounding from Sora to resume looking out the window at the raging maelstrom of golden clouds in the sky. Terror grunted feeling himself unable to see anything via his All Seeing One ability. 
He heard from Sora "Tell me a story Terror." 
Terror spoke from memory fully in his mind. 

"From space came a ball of light hitting a planet. It crashed in a sandy ground making a crater and an explosion of spraying sands. Then coming out of the crater was an Earthari, a male in black clothing, torn with blood and dirt on his face staggered from the crater. Dropping his helmet he paused panting and gasping for breath. 
"Uh" he said groaning. 
The sun was setting behind the sandy ground far on the horizon. The man exhaled air groaning in pain. He started walking down the hill staggering. He tripped and fell tumbling down the hill. At the hill's bottom he struggled to stand. The blood from his wounds was creating a red stain on his black ripped clothing. As he stood standing, he started walking on the sandy ground. The Earthari was Justen my son I recognized him. He kept on walking in the sandy ground till something like lightening hit him from behind making him collapsed onto the ground. Fishla males wearing Skull masks and Skull's uniforms arrived carrying gun weapons. They grabbed Justen and hauled him into a ship that appeared to belong to them. They got him inside the ship that flew into the sky towards an asteroid in the sky and entered it. The Fishla got Justen out and with knives stripped him of every article of clothing. They got him naked and then chained him to a wooden bed. Justen’s eyes opened. He was lying on a wooden bed with restraints on him. Looking around the room was completely dark except for a circular ray of light that shined on him. Surrounding him were white hooded figures with strange writing on them. One held up a triangle like object at him as he was tipped over to face the floor. He screamed as he felt pain from the object touching the back of his neck. He struggled to free himself but felt himself going insane as the pain intense and he fell unconscious."
Terror heard Sora singing he assumed was her name she singing "Listen to me and the story regarding this Justen as you name him."
Terror sighed and didn't comment a response as Sora sang.

Justen woke up chained to a metal stand as lights from a familiar triangle device shined in his face. He saw his mission as sent by his people the Earthari which was to tell off the Fishla that they weren't the Spiders as dubbed by my species. 
He spoke in Fishla's hissing language to our shock "Stop that torture now! We Humans aren't the Spiders! Stop trying to destroy us Humans!"
Justen kept repeating his words over and over as various torture was done onto him. Such as whipping his back, cutting it with knifes. He wound up repeating his words over and over despite the torture done onto his back all over his body. 
Till Leader Lave walked into sight towards him underneath a spotlight with eyes of a Reader we call the mind walkers speaking in Fishla's hissing language "This Human is serious on what's he's saying. He's refusing to change his story despite the numerous tortures done onto him."
Justen wound up freed from the chains to stand glaring at Leader Lave who kept the eyes appearing to be talking to him mentally on something who kept the glare but refrained from showing anger in his eyes. 
He didn't say a word as Leader Lave spoke hissing "I recommended that we have Justen as he wishes to be called introduced to the others."
.
Terror heard Sora paused from her story for a lengthy time period. 
He shifted to glare at her which he spoke "It was you he saw wasn't it? Hence you not saying anything else"'
He glared at her who sang "What was the Earthari's reaction towards Justen being in their presence after we returned him hmm?"
Terror felt annoyance take hold she avoiding his question to speak another story.

Justen woke up with anger. He was lying on a metal board. He couldn't move. There were metal restraints holding him, on his wrists and legs. Looking around he could see that he was in what seemed to be a large dark room. A circle of light shined on him. Figures in black uniforms and hooded stood faintly in the darkness. One of the black figures walked forward. The figure held up a thick triangle like object with both hands. It glowed as a ray of light came from it. It shined blinding him. Justen acted like he suddenly remembered memories coming to his mind.
He yelled "Ahh!" 
As pain came suddenly to his head and it gave him a headache and made him angrier. Cursing in a language he didn't know Justen started struggling. A figure in black came running forward as Justen freed his arms and legs. Justen wretched himself free of the metal bounds that held him. He got up from the board as the first of black figures came to him. Some instinct he didn't know came to him. With a swat of his arm the figure was thrown backwards in the air and hit the floor hard. The noise echoed. Justen's eyes glowed gold color as he knocked figures swatting with his arms. One of the figures stood in the background. Justen's eyes stared as a feeling came, a feeling that made him storm to the figure. Pain came to his neck. Justen flinched and reached up and felt a small object jutting from his neck. Yanking it out Justen saw it was a small canister vial with a needle pointing out from it. It was a dart of some kind. A movement pass the black figure caught his eye and he saw a figure wearing dark clothing stood. A wave of sleepiness came to Justen. Dropping the dart, Justen staggered and dropped to his knees onto the floor. His vision became blurry with dizziness. Someone came running past the figure a blur of grey. He felt hands of someone, a female, he sensed grabbing him. Justen didn't resist for he sensed the hands belonged to someone familiar. The hands pulled him to a shoulder. He automatically put his hand on her and felt movement coming from her stomach area where his hand was. He sensed that this female was expecting. His head rested as long hair that seemed brown fell in his face as his eyes closed. The woman's chin rested on his head as she held him. A figure stood next to her. 
A male voice spoke "Diana, he will be alright. We will take care of him."
The woman didn't answer but cradled Justen in her arms. 

Voices speaking in tones woke him up. 
They were saying "We did it, the One lives again."
Justen found he was bound to the board by metal again but restraints were added to his neck, chest and legs. His eyes glowed golden. His face had the look of anger as he struggled to free himself. A hand closed on his fisted right hand. He stopped struggling and stared. It was a woman dressed in gray and prodding from her dress was a visible bump of her with child. She had brown hair and green Human colored eyes. In place of her ears were fish scales and fins prodding out. She stared back at him with her green eyes. She edged her left hand to his face. Justen ripped his right arm out of bounds, yanking his hand from her grip. His hand grabbed her throat. She stiffed then her hand touched his cheek. Her eyes showed concern. A feeling of confusion came to Justen as pain in his head came as the ray of the thick triangle light shined on him. 
"Uh." he spoke as he yanked his hand from her throat to his face covering his eyes. Groaning in pain he slowly pulled his hand from his face. His eyes were blinking black Human eyes. He turned his head and stared at the woman.
He spoke "Diana."
The woman, Diana spoke "Justen."
She stroked his cheek as she held his hand. Justen found the restraints freed of his body as he got up from the metal bed to look around. He found one of the black hooded figures walking forwards towards him. He eyed the figure who removed a hood showing a familiar face he showing recognition in his eyes he saw was a Telepath and not the Commandant. 
Justen didn't say a word as the Telepath reached him to speak verbalizing words "Talk to me on why your wearing a uniform alien to us with that broach on you-"

Terror heard Sora's singing vibrating within his skull making his teeth chatter to glare at her interrupting his talk. 
He glared as she sang "Enough of the story now."
Terror glared at Sora and spoke "Must you Fishla be interested in the affairs of Justen and his children?"
Sora he eyed appearing to not hear him gave a frown look on her face then continued singing at a louder tone. Terror grimaced from the singing that vibrated via his skull as he sensed an entity a Tennan's egg inside him gathering information. 
He mentally ordered towards the egg "Leave! Their aware of you inside me! Get out now!"
Terror found himself shaking his head from the entity detected leaving him while seeing the egg shatter into pieces by Sora's vibrating musical tones.
He heard from Sora once she quit her vibrating music "Go find a place to sleep now."
Terror felt a compulsion to look down obeyed finding a blanket lying on the floor next to him. He figured that one of the female Fishla had placed it there. He laid his form down and he shut his eyes as if needing to do it still hearing Sora's singing. Terror found himself unable to see anything further than what memory popped up in his mind as he slept passing out unconscious. 

Terror woke up feeling a vibration via his skull making him grit his teeth. He jerked open his eyes to glare at Sora he assumed was her still hovering above him with a hand on his shoulder shaking him. He felt the vibrating singing quit to his relief to get up giving her a glare in response feeling himself annoyed with her and her endless musical singing.
Terror spoke firmly "Cut the blasted singing now! The noise is bothering me!"
He glared at Sora who spoke in response "Why?"
Terror heard the tone sounded of a child's musical tone to him seeing Sora's face change into a Human expression of pleading from the looks of it.
Sora continued speaking "Why?"
He snarled loudly feeling anger taken hold "I can't see further than my own eyes with that blasted singing of yours blocking me from looking! So stop it now!"
He glared at Sora that shifted her face into a glare of anger on her face with her Human blue eyes turn all white colored making him nervous unexpectedly.
Terror heard from Sora an angry musical tone "You answered your question Terror. Never ask me to quit my blasted singing as you refer it."
He spoke forcing himself to be calm instead of angry "What's the point of hiding the universe from me? I can tell you lots of things from my All Seeing One ability. Nothing can be hidden from me. Anything you wanted to know-"
He was interrupted by a singing sound from Sora vibrating via his skull making his teeth chatter.
He added "Alright. Sorry Sora. You had your point. If you let me see I would have known what's this place is containing and would have interfered. You don't trust me not to see what's going on within here anyway."
Terror got from Sora in response "Trust Terror. Trust yourself in the One to forgive."
He glared at Sora hearing her words to speak "Always never explain anything towards me. You Fishla are always the same speaking in riddles and never giving out a straight answer."
He gave up a loud sound of disgust to shift glaring out the window while eyeing his reflection of a Human male with facial hair gone from his face to his confusion. Terror frowned finding a Kang mark on his face as he folded his arms to spot an Elric mark on his arm on one side of him. He looked away to stare at Sora ignoring him staring seeing her form a thoughtful expression on her face while still singing away. Terror rubbed a hand on his cheek where the Kang mark was discovering the area was bare of markings or scarring to his relief. He eyed his arm on the same side to discover it was bare of Elric markings. Terror rubbed his face feeling for his facial hair to discover his face felt smoothly shaven from the feel. He kept on rubbing his face where the facial hair was to feel it was gone from him. He resumed looking at the window to spot a reflection of himself appearing to look like a Gate Destroyer he saw with recognition had Justen's face despite the eyes seen in the image widening the eyes. Terror placed a hand onto the window to see it flicker like a monitor screen showing the image followed by blueness screen. He felt rage taking control again gave Sora a glare of accusation as he kept his hand onto the window still flickering away. Sora, he saw ignored him glaring at her. She remained on singing away while still displaying that thoughtful expression on her Human like face. Terror gave up a loud Hmph sound getting Sora displaying an angry expression with eyes still all white colored.
He heard her "Trust into the One, Terror, to forgive."
Terror didn't say a word in response shifted to glare at the window still flickering from his hand. He removed his hand to glare at the image of the Gate Destroyer's reflection onto the window. He noticed was Justen from the looks of him displaying various emotions on his face. Terror continued to glare at Justen seen on the window seeing his son was dressed in a uniform twin to Leader Lave's. He looked down at himself to discover he was dressed in only a pair of shorts he recognized came from being a convict in the Fire Wheel's colony planet. Terror glared at the image of Justen he noticed was appearing to be looking at himself with shock on his face. He forced himself to be calm as he kept an eye onto Justen's image finding his son was displaying ranges of emotions on his face while appearing to be examining himself as a Gate Destroyer. He kept on watching the reflection image as if needing to do it. Justen he saw kept the examination seemingly lengthy before the image went away after seeing his son form a determined look on his face. Terror kept his eyes onto the window finding it refused to display any further images of Justen he hoped. He felt annoyance take hold folded his arms while feeling them smooth to the touch and no longer hairy. He eyed his body to discover the hairy parts of him were appearing to be shaved off including his shoulder length black hair leaving him bald.
Terror rubbed hands onto his head speaking towards Sora "Was shaving my head necessary?"
He got nothing in response from her but her thoughtful expression while still singing away. Terror kneeled in response sideways facing Sora and shut his eyes forcing himself to mediate as if needing to do it to find himself sliding to the floor going unconscious.

Terror jerked in his sleep as he dreamed of a young male wearing a thin brown robe that showed his facial's features while putting on a blindfold over the eyes. The young male had completely black hair short making him seem familiar to him despite putting on the blindfold covering up his blue Human like eyes. Then the blindfold was yanked off and he was staring at a young female with black hair and had his eyes that creep him out. She was he saw standing there staring at him in an apparent cave judging by the rocky walls. Lying on the floor was a mattress with a blanket on it. He saw the chains binding the young male's wrists together released and looked to see the black hooded figures that were escorting him leave the small cave. 
One of them spoke in a male voice “You will mate with her or suffer Barron, the machine.” 
Terror exhaled a breath hearing the voice sounded like Fishla by the tone to him. Then they left the cave through the entrance. He saw the young male flinched hearing the metal door slam shut. He looked around the cave to see glow lamps were hung on the walls as the ceiling he saw was covered with wooden slats. There was a rugged floor that seemed like fur to his bare feet. The young female looked at the young male with a fearful expression in her face. He could see that she was wearing an identical thin robe of brown that highlighted her Human figure. It showed her heaving chest too detailed. Terror eyed the young male who went to the entrance of the cave and raised a hand on the door. 
He heard the young female speak “Don’t. It’s electric.”
Terror frowned finding the language was Agamemnon as the young male spoke curtly in twin language “Fine.”
The young female was heard asked “You have a name?”
The young male answered “Its Terror like they dub me around here.” 
Terror stiffened realizing it was a memory of something important. 
He eyed the young female who spoke “I was given the name of Screamer.”
Terror found the young male ordered “Let’s get this mating over with.”
The young male walked towards the young female he assumed was named Screamer from being fearful who stood staring at him with a shocked expression on her face. Terror found the young male took her in his arms and hugged her. The tip of her head came up to the young male's mouth line. He saw the male picked her up and lowered her to the bed. He could see her shiver as she stared at the male's face. Sighing loudly the male lowered his mouth to the female and was kissing her on the lips. This was followed by stripping themselves of their robes and then mating both appearing to enjoy it.

Terror came to feeling the familiar vibration within his skull again jerked open his eyes to glare at Sora. He discovering himself lying on a blanket it covering him from the chest down. He glared at Sora who quit the annoying vibrating to continue on singing as he got up discovering himself still clad in his shorts. He felt his head discovering he was no longer bald with shoulder length hair intact as usual with hair still shaved off of his face. He felt his face to feel his eyebrows discovering them trimmed from the feel making him further annoyed to feel. Terror glared at Sora who ignored him by seeing her form a thoughtful expression on her face and appeared to be singing away. He shifted to glare at the window finding Justen's image again onto it showing his son was still displaying that determination look on his face. He noticed that Justen had appeared to be accepting himself as a Gate Destroyer by the look on his face. 
Terror forced himself to kneel facing Sora as if needing to do it he recalling the dream of the couple mating "It's my origins of how I came to exist. The dream is of my parents mating with each other as ordered by the Fishla species."
He found himself not sure of what he was thinking to shut his eyes to concentrate onto the dream fully. Terror saw the young male this time had his black Human eyes and his face shocking him. Terror continued to focus onto the dream seeing himself ordered by the Fishla to mate with the young female a Fishla from the looks of her in a humanoid body despite having colorful rainbow scales with webbed hands and feet. 
He exhaled a breath recalling fully why he was mating with the female Fishla "It's on the orders of the Skull who had me mate with her after capturing me on Fire Wheel's colony. I got knocked out by the Fire Wheel. They kept me alive to mate with a Fishla female or what's left of them. One of the males confessed that the females were dying out. None of the males thought of implantation or medical advances to save them. Instead they had me mate with their female that created something else from the mating."
He jerked open his eyes to stare at Sora with shock seeing her fully with his face he saw to realize with a start "Sora and the females appearing to be angelic beings are descendants of the mating I had with this Fishla female that produced them. The male Fishla aren't actually recognizing them as what's left of their females instead are dying out rejecting them hence Leader Lave's creation to help them recognize this. "
Terror exhaled another breath to frown staring at Sora who faded from view he still hearing her singing discovered himself clad in his ragged animal skinned clothes the Tennans had him wear. He felt the top of his head to feel his shoulder length hair was still there but his beard and mustache was gone from his face as he felt his cheek feeling nothing to indicate a Kang mark. He felt his arms to feel nothing to indicate an Elric mark. 
Terror exhaled a breath and forced himself to sit crossed legged figuring to himself "I must have solved Sora's riddle. I might as well see what's going on."
He found his seeing ability still not there to his annoyance as he again felt the familiar vibration through his skull blinked his eyes. Terror found himself lying on the floor still clad in his shorts from the feel with no hair on his face he felt from the feel to feel annoyed as he eyed Sora.
He heard from Sora "Eat, drink, take it in now."
Terror found a tray holding dishware of food in front of him that he recognized was Fishla's main diet of foods. He took the silverware and forced himself to take in the food taking his time and drinking the drink till once done. He got up finding a bucket slamming down next to him which he looked up discovering nothing but blackness that appeared to be like a black cloud to him. Terror eyed the bucket with annoyance figuring out what it was for. 

Terror kneeled while staring at the wall back to Sora he not inclined to face her. He continued to stare at the wall till he shut his eyes to focus onto his memories fully in his mind. 
He found nothing come to his mind only to hear "Trust into the One to forgive."
Terror opened his eyes feeling annoyance take hold from Sora's wording who continued on her singing. He got up with a growl to glare at Justen's image in the window. He saw his son had disbelief on his face followed by a look of belief after examining himself as a Gate Destroyer. Terror recalled the story he told of Justen waking up while in the presences of the Telepaths and Diana. 
He recalled the words spoken used to speak "Trust into the One to forgive."
Terror grunted as he felt the familiar vibration via his skull shifted to glare at Sora having anger on her face looking twin to his face with her eyes still all white looking. 
He spoke "I said what you said daughter dear."
He got from Sora forming a thoughtful expression and singing "Yes trust the One."
Terror exhaled a breath finding Sora was again not going to explain her words as she kept on singing. He formed a glare to kneel facing her and shut his eyes. Terror recalled his name Terror was from the Telepaths naming him that instead of naming him All Seeing One the Tennans' named him. He exhaled a breath to recall a memory as if compelled to let it through as he heard himself verbalizing the memory to his shock.

Terror saw Connor Elric standing on the deck of the Agamemnon a sea vessel that was going through the sea up and down in violence as the sun shined of a new day. He went to Connor the Captain of the vessel to find the male was groaning seeing him forming a grimace on his face. 
Terror held up a syringe in his hand and spoke "Your arm, Captain."
He formed a glare on his face finding the Captain obeying to roll his sleeve. 
He injected the syringe into the Captain's arm as he spoke "The serum the cure to the plague should work this time Captain. They need you to lead us despite I nothing but a medical doctor."
Terror found the Captain rolling up his sleeve after he injected the contents the male speaking "I hope to the All Seeing One that this would help. I don't want to let the refugees down, Doctor Zianan."
Terror stiffened to the name of Doctor Zianan to find himself speaking "You should be lying down instead of out in this storm. I can't say what will be the side effects to the serum will be. You're the first I've injected so far."
He found Captain giving him a glare he spoke again after the look became glaring "Yes I injected the serum into Commander Belgor Kang. He was hounding me for a serum for the plague. He refused to let me sleep until I found a serum for the plague in question. I injected him with a lower dosage of the serum including myself. You have the higher dosage actually. You are valued and needed to lead us actually."
He eyed Captain who didn't say a word walked away with him following. Terror found the memory shifted to show both the Captain and Commander Kang lying on beds groaning loudly. Belgor Kang he saw was having the mark of Kang on his cheek while Captain was showing the mark of Elric on his arm. He saw himself injecting a syringe into his arm taking out blood and then injected it into Captain's arm without the Elric mark seen. Terror watched as himself took out the syringe and injected it into his own arm before injecting it into Belgor's arm followed by hearing silence from both males but deep breathing. Terror looked away as if drawn to spot a mirror showing a face he recognized as his with Justen's hair and style while wearing a doctor's uniform on his form. He spotted a name tag on the coat that took him a moment to read what it said in the Ancient Human language.
Terror spoke out loud "Doctor Ridgen Zianan."
He jerked open his eyes to discover Leader Lave was back giving him a glare with Telepath's eyes as Sora ignored him while still singing away. 
Terror got up from kneeling to glare at Leader Lave who spoke "Talk on the name you said."
He inhaled and spoke the memory fully in mind before stopping his talk. He wound up to hearing a faint roaring noise for it sounded of a Gate Destroyer roaring of anger to him. The roaring noise got louder and louder he finding Sora's singing cutting off as Leader Lave looked away before resuming looking at him ignoring the noise. Terror eyed Leader Lave who he noticed didn't look concerned to the roaring noise that quit followed by Sora resuming her annoying singing.
He glared at Leader Lave finding himself annoyed with the male who spoke "Anything you're not admitting hmm? The Gate Destroyers contained can hear us talking. Their roaring is indicating that you're hiding something so talk now, Terror."
Terror exhaled a breath and inhaled to speak his memory of mating with a female Fishla he saw as at first via mind as a Human female. 
He spoke "The females were dying out sick. The males were blaming themselves for causing the sickness and dying out as confessed to me via female during a mating. The males had me mate with what's left of their females living. The mating created Sora and her people hence I understanding what's she's saying."
He heard silence to frown eyeing Leader Lave who spoke "Alright the assassins that took out General Leroy have been dealt with punishments. They admit the assassination was on the Commandant's orders. He's now dead. Something you Earthari don't have to worry about anyway."
Terror kept his mouth into a thin line as Leader Lave paused he hearing a familiar Gate Destroyer's roaring noises sounding loudly. He glared at Leader Lave while folding his bare arms to find the male without a word walking around Sora who again blocked his view by giving him an angry expression. Terror resumed looking at the window again to find Justen's image shift into a male he recalled was named Justice to his confusion. Terror grunted loudly as memories of Justice the male his son came to his mind to his shock. 
He spoke firmly after hearing Sora's familiar vibration "I had an offspring a male named Justice unsure of why I picked that name. He was created from me mating with a Tennan that is actually all females despite having a male form on the outside. The Tennan birthed Justice via body destroying herself as in exploding apart despite showing signs of Human's pregnancy. Her pregnancy lasted three planetary Terra standard days before the destruction took her out birthing him in an adult's body. It's like her body shifted into Justice's body actually from the destruction. I'm not sure why but Justice didn't want anything to do with the Tennans in question judging by his behavior-"
He was interrupted by the familiar roaring noise sounding again found Leader Lave next to him giving him a narrowed eyed glare in response. 
Terror gulped and spoke firmly "The Spiders you refer them and the Tennans are the same species."
He found the roaring quit to his relief followed by Sora resuming her singing to speak firmly towards Leader Lave "I valued Justice. I would do anything to assure of his well being even cause pain towards the Tennans if they were doing something inappropriate towards him. They caused me pain of having to hook him up to the Queen to create more life forms or more of the Tennan species. Justice went crazy insane after the hook up. I was forced to kill him by my own hands just to please the Tennans in keeping their Queen safe."
Terror continued talking ignoring Leader Lave glaring at him "The Queen with the hookup of a Human wound up used to create their space ships and weapons of destruction. The entity balls are actually their eggs that are actually living computers. The eggs inside humanoids can collect information from minds of their victims and then transport themselves out once the information is gathered done. All the Tennans have to do towards gaining the information is touch an egg with their hands that'll shift into a Tennan. The Tennan once out of the egg shape will have the information fully in mind to go to the Queen to link up mind to mind with her. The Queen will transmit the information to all Tennans whose within vicinity of her will instantly know the information."
He continued talking feeling a hand touching his bare shoulder he ignored while eyeing Leader Lave "I know that the Tennans not within vicinity of the Queen's eyesight won't know the information transmitted to them. They'll only have to gain the information if they come into the Queen's eyesight she transmitting it to them."
Terror felt the hand become a Tennan's claw to look off his left glaring at the Tennan who spoke "All Seeing One secret kept no telling now."
He blinked his eyes to discover himself chained to a hard bed from the feel of its hardness while jerking open his eyes. Terror looked around to discover himself underneath a spotlight he clad in clothes on his form that he recognized wasn't his animal skin clothing the Tennans had him wear. He looked around with confusion to find a white hooded figure walking into view holding a large thick triangle white object he recognized that was dubbed Barron by the Telepaths. 
Terror grimaced recalling "The Barron is used for mind wiping the minds of people which doesn't matter the species of memories they don't want them to remember."
He grimaced as the felt the bed tipped over till he was facing the floor appearing to look rocky and dirt of sand to him. He felt the top part of the metal bed removed followed by hands gloved grabbing his head holding it in place. Terror grimaced as he felt a stinging pain of a needle like dart hitting the back of his neck that traveled up towards the back of his head. He grimaced fully on his face as the needles were felt burying themselves into his skin followed by pain of a terrible headache hitting him. Terror grunted loudly as the pain got worse followed by a blinding headache as light blared into his eyesight. He heard wind howling along with feeling his face something landed onto his face making him confused for a moment. Terror lurched up with a start discovering himself on sandy ground underneath the glaring blinding sunlight. He squinted from the sunlight's glare he realizing he was underneath a spotlight as nighttime blared. Terror found figures running into view underneath the spotlight he saw with a sigh recognizing them as T'La and D'Clan who grabbed his arms pulling him up. He allowed the two to pull him out of the spotlight he finding night vision flaring in his eyesight highlighting everything in the color of yellow. Terror found the kids leading him to a shuttle appearing to belong to the Humans from the looks of it which he got aboard and strapped himself in via seat. He found the kids doing the strapping in next to him as he shut his eyes to concentrate his All Seeing One ability onto the planet. Terror found via his mind a familiar Human warship orbiting the planet. It had the signs of the Commandant's warship the Psychopath escorted by fighters gathered around. The fighters escorted the shuttle he saw was piloted by Justen to board the ship. He focused onto the bridge of the ship finding the Commandant wasn't in sight only a female with a Telepath's uniform complete with black eyes and long brown hair. She was on the bridge with the crew of Humans both Kangs and Elrics none of them looking nervous to her commanding them. Terror opened his eyes as the shuttle boarded the warship. He got handed the familiar weights for his ankles to keep him from floating by Justen walking up towards him handing him the objects. He put them on expertly and got out of the seat to follow Justen and kids out of the shuttle to the ship. He noticing various crew members doing salutes aimed at his son as they walked by him. 
Terror didn't say a word in response went to the bridge to hear from the female Telepath she seeing him "Ah the famous Terror as the two assassins, or should I say, Leaders named you. It's a no wonder the two Leaders insisted with begging and threats on coming to this planet. Hostile to Human life to find you there. It's surprising that you managed to survive the intense heat. It's known to dry a man of thirstiness. My gift to you, do it now."
Terror found Justen restraining him from behind as one of the crew members came into view holding a familiar object he recognized as Barron. Terror saw it glowing to grunt as memories flashed into his mind. He grunted jerking his head up as memories of who he really was flashed into his mind while shutting his eyes. 
He realized with a start "I'm one of the last of the Ancients in a Human form dubbed by the name of Terror. The Human species identified me and my people as the Ancients. Some advance form of Human with mental abilities that died out on Terra causing the plague in the process." 
Terror found himself recalling "I found myself identifying with Doctor Ridgen Zianan. I creator of the now Human species, refugees of a plague on the sea vessel, the Agamemnon. I realized with shock was myself doing the creation while pretending to be the doctor." 
Terror continued to grunt realizing with a start thinking to himself "I killed Doctor Ridgen Zianan. Took his place using myself to create the serum to the plague after the sickness appeared it wasn't affecting me. I created from my own blood the Kangs, the Elrics, and the Gate Destroyers. The Soulers themselves were actually children of the Ancients. They were aboard the Agamemnon in hiding as Humans that revealed themselves once the change was obvious. The Soulers made themselves appear to be a part of the creation I did. They wound up revering a descendant of me dubbed by the name of Gallee Zianan born through an alien female. The Souler female who Gallee himself saw as his Mother when she was actually their oldest Souler and leader of them."
Terror grunted again while lowering his head opening his eyes to feel Justen's grip off of his arms. 
He folded his arms while eyeing the female Telepath who spoke "I hope this gift I give you helps you remember what you've forgotten Ancient One."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing her speak the reverence name for the Ancients. He again gave a head gesture in the Ancients' way of acknowledging her talk she not looking shocked to see him do that. 
He heard multiple gasping sounds after he gave the head gesture to hear from her again "Why so surprised people? He's an Ancient One from the looks of him actually. I figured he's one of them from the looks of him not displaying anything regarding any of the Human species in question."
Terror didn't comment a response to find the gasping sounds quit to his relief. He found Justen next to him with arms folded who gave him a look he recognized was of respects. He kept his mouth shut in response as he looked around the bridge finding the female Telepath going to sit down in the Captain's chair.
She heard speaking "Head to the travel gate now. Set course for Zarghuna."
Terror eyed the view screen showing outside via recording view to find the ship the Psychopath going to a travel gate two pieces of metal forming a square away from each other. He eyed the travel gate that flashed lights of green indicating it was safe for a ship to use them for going through. 
He recalling "Red lights means a ship is coming through. Green lights means it's safe for a ship to go through."
Terror eyed the view screen to find the warship going through the travel gate. He saw the screen showed star lights via there become streaks like thunder and lightening flashing as the Psychopath went through space in a fast dizzying move. 
He found the view screen showing the lightening repeatedly over and over till he heard "Approaching Zarghuna readying ship for orbiting maneuver."
Terror kept his eyes onto the view screen as the Telepath commander spoke "Contact Annoyov Barrack Station's Commander for permission to have a shuttle land now."
He found her looking at him "Justen, take the Ancient One and your kids to the station. I insist. I don't think a warship is a suitable environment for you, your kids and the Ancient One to remain on anyway."
Terror exhaled a breath finding Justen agreeing by the look on his face. He noticed T'La and D'Clan not in sight but scraping sounds from above he noticed ductwork in the ceiling.
Terror recalled "Kids must have contained themselves into the ductwork out of traveling around the warship."
He wordlessly followed Justen to the shuttle finding the kids already inside buckled up. He didn't comment a response buckled himself up into a seat and waited patiently as the warship was felt stopping followed by the shuttle moving to become planet bound. Terror felt himself relieved to feel gravity again pinning him to the seat. He concentrated his All Seeing One power onto the terminal of the land bound station. He found a female Kang he recognized as Commander Yana Renova with a glare on her face standing in the terminal accepting shuttles landing to the station as people walked by her. Terror shifted away as the shuttle landed followed by the thump of the landing. He got up yanking off the ankle weights while following the kids to find Justen following taking up the rear. Terror kept his mouth shut as they entered the station to notice Humans doing double take looks and gasps while eyeing Justen ignoring him and the kids. He saw the Humans doing whispering whenever they went by them till the group reached Renova who did a double take look seeing Justen.
Terror got from Renova "Hmph. A Gate Destroyer that's a Leader from the looks of him. I never thought I would see the day of that happening. Ugh. Leader Gate Destroyer you'll find your people hiding somewhere around here. I'm not at the liberty to say where as an agreement with them for the sake of peace as this place is for. Just watch out for the nosiness and the jokers manipulating things around here with their jokes. The jokers like to make people angry without warning unexpectedly. Sorry can't say who they are for speaking who will bring bad luck for they always know of it firmly."
Terror found Renova looking at him in the eyes despite her heard emphasizing the word joke. He frowned seeing her followed by looking at him up and down he finding himself still clad in his animal skin clothing and boots felt on his feet. 
He heard from her "By what name does you call yourself for being an apparent hybrid Human from the looks of you?"
Terror frowned as he felt a hand clamp over his mouth his eyes spotted a Gate Destroyer hidden with black eyes to find the male putting a finger to his lips and shaking his head in a no gesture. 
Terror eyed D'Clan in response to get from the kid speaking appearing to see the hidden Gate Destroyer "His name is Terror. That's all we can get from him. He doesn't talk much. I'll give up trying to get him to talk, Commander. Terror always gets whoever tries to get him to talk a victim of bad luck actually. I'm not even sure of what bad luck it is but I hear it involves their greatest fear coming true."
Terror found the Gate Destroyer's hand off his mouth as he formed a thin line while eyeing Renova who gave up a loud Hmph sound.
She followed by adding "Leaders, except Terror and Gate Destroyer, come with me to the Command Center. Leader Lave insisted on meeting you both there for further orders immediately."
He watched as Renova walked off followed by the two kids they not giving a backwards glance. He shifted to eye Justen who the hidden Gate Destroyer was appearing to be whispering into his son's ear.
He focused his ear to hear "The restless natives always pull a fright of screaming if a Gate Destroyer appears without warning. It's the same with disappearing without warning. Only in secret spots without anyone around is when we can do this act. Mind the recordings recording our moves. I suspect that the station's Medical Doctor for Humans, calling himself Chang Yong, got us wearing tracker devices implanted into our skin by the glowing light seen in palm of one hand. He'll pull the same tracker implantation onto you whenever you're in there. Mind the crowd and start walking and follow me. I'll show you where to go now."
Terror felt poking that seemed familiar onto his leg he looked with a glare to find a Tennan with claw poking him while crouched on the floor. He exhaled a breath to find the Tennan making a come gesture towards him by head shaking movements Tennan's style which he wordlessly followed. 
He found the Tennan walking on fours like a four foot animal ignored by the people he figured "This Tennan is a Queen's pet the lowest form of the Tennans' society involving drones via rankings."
He followed the pet through the station from memory of seeing it before via All Seeing One ability to find the Tennan leading him to the forest garden area. He grimaced recalling seeing General Leroy poisoned to death there. Terror didn't comment a response towards the Tennan leading him there to find himself led into the garden. That seemed like a forest appeared vast to him while hearing crackling sound of electricity. He peered via his mental ability above to find the forest was a large track of vast land surrounded by a high metallic fence giving off electricity. Terror felt poking from the Tennan again to focus onto the pet. He finding she he assumed was a female had stopped to poke him to continue on walking. Terror finding himself had stopped to peer via mental ability. He obeyed to follow the Tennan lengthy till he felt the familiar sensation of them being followed. Terror looked behind him multiple times as he followed the Tennan to a pond where the pet climbed a tree halting him following. He went to peer at the tree finding it had multiple Tennans on the branches appearing to be lying around sleeping from the looks of them. He recognized were pets of the Queen from their legs looking the same size and looking four footed walkers to him. Terror went to sit down underneath the tree to hear a hissing sound. Terror focused his eyes looking around to recognize the sounds were of an entity ball aka egg he referred them coming nearer and nearer. 
He waited thinking to himself "Well the kids got punished with the death of General Leroy. I'll get punished for treating their Queen inappropriately with the hookup of my son Justen as they refer him-"
He cut himself off as an egg floated into view he eyed the entity ball floating lowering itself till the thing touched the ground. The egg sat appearing to be staring at him he sensed seemingly lengthy. Terror recalled the reason why the egg wasn't entering him immediately. 
He recalled why it was staring "They already know of what I did actually. I used one of the eggs to inhibit Justen that caused the explosion within the Queen soon after the hookup. She apparently detected the egg inside Justen. Tried get him out of her hence the explosion happening. It remains to be seen how the Tennans will react towards me on this."
He eyed the egg warily to find it edging closer while hovering over the ground in a low move in slowness. 
He exhaled a breath recognizing the behavior "The Queen blames the eggs for their nosiness for causing her the pain. Hence its acting like it wants forgiveness from me. I'm apparently still seen as their All Seeing One god."
Terror frowned staring at the egg warily to find the entity ball halted once a finger length away he hearing a hissing sound coming from it.
Terror found himself translating "All Seeing One. I beg forgiveness for your anger towards us not listening to your warning us not to hook the One you favor into our Queen causing her great pains."
He exhaled another breath hearing the words as the egg continued hissing he translating to himself "All Seeing One give us mercy in your anger towards us please. We beg you for that mercy. We will not compute the One you favor again without your wisdom for this computer work."
He sighed recognizing the egg's term for inhibiting. He heard the hissing stop followed by the entity ball getting onto his lap to sit which he raised up a hand. Terror grimaced of pain as he felt the egg enter him via the stomach area as in slipping inside his body. Terror felt the egg was inhibiting him via sensations of it scanning his mind. He grimaced coughing from the pain as he felt the sting go away followed by the familiar sensations of the Tennans' Queen in vicinity underground he heard her singing. 
Terror grunted in response he thinking to himself "The Tennans' eggs inhibiting humanoids gives them a link to hear the Queen. Hence this inhibiting I'm having again. Ugh."
He didn't comment a response towards the egg felt continuing on scanning his mind hearing his thought that made no move to leave him. 
He shut his eyes and figured to himself "I might as well see what's going on around here."
Terror concentrated onto the Command Center where Renova was there. He saw her with a Fishla male having Human blue eyes and clothes of a Leader stood. He stiffened seeing that seemed familiar like he knew him somewhere. He heard a hiss from the egg within his mind grunted his head up of pain hitting his head. Terror wound up recalling fully the reason for familiarity. Terror recalled with annoyance running through him as he lowered his head.
Terror thinking to himself "Curses to the Fishla for erasing my memories. They got a base in that asteroid floating in that planet hostile for Human life where I was found. Their females appearing to be angelic beings with Human looks. One called Sora blocked me from using my All Seeing One ability with her musical singing. Blast those Fishla bastards for doing this to me. One way or another they'll pay for this memory erasing stunt they pulled onto me."
He heard nothing from the egg in response to feel the familiar staring indicating a Tennan was inches away from his face her face near his. He opened his eyes to stare at the beady black eyes of the Tennan entirely in the color black, with black antennas on their heads, their faces like a humanoid bird with a beak entirely in black without the feathers. 
Terror heard from the Tennan "Why All Seeing One angry? All Seeing One spoke insults."
He exhaled a breath to think "My Queen, I forgot that you can hear my thoughts including humans with eggs inhibiting them. You can transmit the thoughts to Tennans no matter the distance who'll hear your transmission and speak towards who you order to speak the thought."
He heard singing in response to his thinking comment he sensing that she had heard him and was confirming what he thought.
He shifted to focus onto the Tennan as the singing quit he hearing from the being "Be patient All Seeing One. Badness will come attack Fishla. We not hand doing badness. Queen speaks let others do badness for we. Don't worry. Be patient for badness will arrive. Continue to see All Seeing One."
Terror obeyed to shut his eyes focused onto the Command Center spying Leader Lave the Fishla male standing in the room with Renova a glare on his face he eyeing a computer screen. He shifted to eye the computer seeing it showed a recording of himself entering the station accompanied by the kids and their Father. 
He thought "Bastard. Leader Lave is born Human a Telepath changed into a Fishla to help the species. He was there with the Fishla when they had me in containment. They erased my memories of being with them. I'm anxious for the badness to hit the Fishla but I know one must be patient."
Terror continued to watch the scene via his mind concentrating on the Command Center. 

Leader Lave formed an angry look in his eyes the Fishla watching Terror himself entering the station followed by speaking "Commander what do you know of this Earthari without any markings of your species?" 
Commander Renova spoke "I couldn't say this in front of the restless natives of the station to cause trouble. I called him a hybrid Earthari when I know he's not. He's obviously an Ancient One. An older form of Earthari that survived the plague that struck us on Terra our home world. Unfortunately thanks to the civil war we finished having, Terra our home world is nothing but a desolate dead planet. Nothing can live on there or survive even our attempts to create life from the ashes failed."
D'Clan spoke "T'La says why is Leader Lave so upset about this Earthari? You seem angry about something, Leader Lave. From the fins of yours flopping back and forth in an angry maneuver, along with your mouth in a thin line to indicate this anger in question."
Leader Lave spoke in response sounding calm "I recalled a story legend involving dealing with an Earthari that wasn't marked by any of the Earthari's species. The Earthari was involved with the Spiders as you call them. The legend among the Fishla about one thousand Earthari years ago, involved the first contact with the Earthari species. I recalled the story says that the Fishla captured an Earthari found within inside a Spider ship that was destroyed after taken out. The Earthari was sent to a colony world involving convicts or law breakers, as we call them for execution, on accusation of being the mastermind behind the Spiders and their attacks."
He heard growling of anger sounding in the room as Leader Lave continued loudly speaking calmly "Turns out we Fishla were wrong to think this assumption and a high price was paid. It took a Gate Destroyer, an Earthari we met to talk us out of this thought actually, hence he going around as a Leader at the moment."
He heard the edge in Leader Lave's voice tone mentally thought "Leader Lave is hiding something he's not willing to admit to people. Compute him once you get the chance."
Terror felt a poke from a Tennan opened his eyes to stare at the being a higher form of drone by the more Humanoid shape of the scaly body who spoke "Compute mind bad."
He recognized the term for Telepath the eggs avoid inhibiting as the Tennan continued "Compute another detailed computer found and computing. Be patient All Seeing One. Badness attack Fishla soon."
Terror kept his mind blank in response to shut his eyes focusing onto the Command Center. He finding Leader Lave gone from the room but Justen's children were remaining seated at the table in the room. He mentally searched for Leader Lave finding the Fishla easily and tracked him walking in a hallway hearing noises of various voices speaking sounding of various languages to him. Terror found Leader Lave pausing from walking to appear to compose himself. This was followed by walking out of the hallway into an area he saw was a Trading Center for species to sell their home world's wares on two levels. Leader Lave continued on walking weaving in and out of crowds of people ignoring species calling out for people to buy their items from booths and storefronts seen. He spotted with shock running through him two Soulers standing in front of a door appearing to be an elevator with swords drawn. They standing in one area of the Trading Center where people gave a wide berth some seen with fear on their faces. He watched as Leader Lave walked up towards one of the Soulers who thrust out the sword poking it onto the male's front. 
Terror heard silence to hear from Leader Lave loudly "Why is there no Ambassadorial representative to speak for you?"
He saw Leader Lave's eyes turn all black indicating a Telepath he recalling to think "The Soulers are Telepaths, with no voice ability, except for two. It's always a male or a female pair to speak for them verbalizing their words, born once a generation. The female speaker always assumes leadership for the Soulers, who are always led by a female, that can speak. The male speaker I'm not sure what's his purpose other than used for breeding."
He continued to eye Leader Lave hearing the Queen's singing sounding in an annoyed tone. 
He figured from the noise to think "Fine. I won't mention the subject of the Telepaths again. You hate that subject and don't care to be reminded-"
He was interrupted by a poke from a Tennan. 
Terror heard "Quiet now. Queen thinks."
Terror kept his eyes onto Leader Lave finding the male was displaying Telepath's eyes. 
He noticed had his back to the people while facing the Soulers he refrained from thinking of the comment "Mind scanning talk."
He eyed the scene to find the Souler thrusting the sword further to push Leader Lave displaying Human blue eyes away followed by resuming his guard stance. The Souler seen waving the weapon in some swing gesture. 
He recognized the swing gesture was Soulers' speak "Come to us again, we'll react with deadly force."
Terror heard the Queen singing again in an annoyed tone to feel a poke from a Tennan to open his eyes to glare with annoyance running through him.
He found the Tennan speaking "Forgiveness All Seeing One. Queen speaks enough of seeing what All Seeing One sees."
Terror heard the familiar words from the Tennan he recalled fully "The Queen can see what I'm seeing with the help of an egg inhibiting me."
He focused onto the Tennan to think fully "My Queen what do you wish to see?"
Terror heard the familiar singing sounding in a questioning tone he hearing from the Tennan "See the One you favor now."
He obeyed to focus his eyes onto Justen he saw was leaning against the wall looking upset making him feel pity towards his son. He found Leader Lave arriving with Telepath's eyes appearing to get Justen to look up and forming some composed expression on his face. Terror watched as Leader Lave via mental talk escorted Justen into the Trading Center towards the Soulers. The Soulers stepped aside letting his son enter the elevator but blocked the Fishla's way via thrusting swords aimed at the male. He grimaced seeing Justen standing in the elevator going down not too lengthy. This was followed by walking out to meet a Souler displaying a Human like face with all blue eyes not mask on and hood covering the top of the head.
Terror recalled "Souler males are always hairless on their faces and heads. Females have some hair that is always shoulder length and no facial hair like the males."
He continued to watch as Justen was heard speaking in Gate Destroyer guttural language "I thought being a Leader would get them to accept me. Instead one of them with some entity inhibiting them got me exiled and ordered out of sight of the presences of the Gate Destroyers who agreed with him. I refer this Gate Destroyer in question as Patrick as heard by the others. He heard speaking Fishla's language while having the entity inhibiting him. He has a mirror brother who uses the name of Patrick too. I'm not even sure of what's going on with Diana who appeared to have my child. Her seen among the Gate Destroyers holding a blanketed bundle in her arms. I wasn't able to communicate towards her by Patrick ordering me out. She appeared to have her back to the doorway entrance to the room. Didn't bothered to look in my direction despite the noises heard."
He felt himself annoyed with what he heard as Justen paused. The Souler stepped aside to show another Souler a male with facial hair of a beard and a mustache he recognized as his descendant that spoke for the Soulers. 
The Souler spoke sounding in Gate Destroyer language "Being a Leader means earning it, Justen. You have to earn that title despite you awarded it."
Justen spoke "It means I have to be assertive on getting what I want from the Gate Destroyers including from Diana. Blast that Patrick, wait till I get my hands onto him-"
"You must use peace as this place is for." He heard from the Souler interrupting Justen.
The Souler added noticing his son, he assumed was Justen, having a glare of anger on his face "The time will arrive when the opportunity arrives for you to have what you seek. Just be patient for it. Good things come to those who wait as the Lower Ones always says."
Terror recognized the wording Lower Ones was Soulers' speak for the three Human species the Kangs, the Elrics and the Gate Destroyers. He kept on focusing onto Justen to find a memory of the male pointed out as his son and not the Soulers flashing in his mind. He stiffened as Justen appeared to stop being angry and appeared to compose himself. Justen wound up seen followed by walking towards the elevator to get inside. He silently watched as Justen walked out of the elevator once it reached the Trading Center to hear silence from the crowd. Terror stiffened seeing a Souler grab Justen's arm spinning him around and appeared to be whispering into his son's ear he not hearing what was said. Terror focused onto Patrick the entity inhibiting Gate Destroyer as he felt like needing to do it. He wound up to find the male looking familiar to him reminding him of someone but not sure who. He found Patrick escorted by three Gate Destroyers standing in a semi circle around the male. He saw was looking at Justen who a Souler was whispering in his son's ear. Justen walked away after freed from the Souler only to get his arm grabbed by a bald head Gate Destroyer, who got his son's attention, despite golden eyes of anger seen from him. The bald head Gate Destroyer jabbed a finger in Patrick's direction Justen quit flaring golden eyes as if seeing the male.
Patrick spoke sounding of Human's language of Agamemnon he recalled was spoken by the natives of the place of peace "Come here. I want to talk to you for your ears."
Justen he saw with disgust, obeyed to go towards Patrick.
He hearing the male whispering "Keep yourself out of our nest home. I'm counting on you to act as our Ambassador to the natives of this station. Go to the Command Center. Keep an eye on things. Be warned that the Command Center's computer can translate various languages including Gate Destroyer talk. So be silent when watching. Go now."
He found Justen walking away as he spotted various manoids jabbing fingers aimed at his son and whispering various sounds to him in Agamemnon language sounding like they were revering him. Terror focused onto Justen finding his son once alone in a hallway turned hidden by his form fading out of sight. He finding himself able to track by seeing a lined outline of him. He kept on tracking till a Tennan's claw was felt poking him on the stomach. 
Terror opened his eyes to glare at the Tennan who spoke "Queen speaks All Seeing One needs nourishment needed. Computer computes says so."
He felt pelting of multiple objects from above to grimace as they landed all around him. Terror spotted was fruit from the looks of it. He felt himself terribly hungry grabbed a fruit. He recognized was dubbed Fruit of Life by the Ancients, despite the Human name of apple, bit into one greedily eating. Terror found himself terribly hungry, ate multiple apples, as he referred them. While tossing aside the remaining pieces, the seeds and stems he finding himself not interested in eating them. 
He ate five apples to reach for a sixth when the Tennan placed a claw onto his hand. 
Terror heard "Computer computes enough. No more needed."
Terror removed his hand and shut his eyes to focus onto Justen standing in the Command Center in hidden status. He shifted to eye the natives of the room doing their work. He found Patrick stomping into the room looking angry escorted by three Gate Destroyers.
Patrick heard in a rude voice tone "Gate Destroyer show yourself now! I order you as your leader!"
He found Justen obeying to glare at Patrick with hatred running through him. Terror found the male stomping out of the room with the three escorts giving salutes towards his son behind the hated Gate Destroyer's back. Terror focused onto Justen to find Soulers came into the room via an elevator hauling the hated Gate Destroyer who looked out of it. 
He figured "It's the mirror brother aka twin as they used to call them."
He watched as the Soulers hauled the mirror brother down the stairs to the table forcing him to sit. Terror saw one of them whacked the back of the male's head while jabbing a finger towards Justen. 
Terror felt disgust take hold watched as the mirror brother spoke "The entity inhibiting Gate Destroyer isn't our leader. He supposed to act like our Ambassador speaking for us Gate Destroyers, on what we want from the natives, who can't translate our talk, without computer language's help."
He heard the mirror brother sounded like having an entity in control to him. Terror watched seeing the male roll his eyes and appeared to faint followed by an egg came flying out. Justen in a fast blurring speed got in front of the egg. Justen, he saw, thrust a fist onto the egg seeing the entity shatter apart into small round balls that hit the floor, he stiffened of shock seeing that. Terror heard the Queen singing of pain to him in a painful tone. He continued to watch hearing gasps sounding in the Command Center. He saw Justen, flaring golden eyes while having hands fisted, glaring at the mirror brother with a glare on his face, by the eyes aimed at the Gate Destroyer. A Souler appeared via hidden state to place a hand onto Justen's shoulder, while appearing to be talking his son down from an angry mood. Justen, he watched, shut his eyes appearing to will himself to calm. 
Terror heard Justen growling out after opening his eyes, as the Command Center's computer translated into Agamemnon language "Those entities leave me angry every time I see them. Enough to want to punch them with my fists. I can't figure out why."
He heard the Queen sounding of sadness in her singing groaned softly. He continued to focus onto Justen only to feel a poke from a Tennan. 
He opened his eyes with annoyance running through him to hear "Forgiveness All Seeing One. Move now. Computer computes movement must."
Terror didn't say word in response got up to find a pet gesturing him to follow. He obeyed to walk, he tracking where he was going, finding the sunlight was dimming in the sky. He followed the Tennan as glow lights shined in the distance illuminating, a path, he recalled seeing on the way to the tree. Terror followed the Tennan to the forest garden's entrance to find the pet scrambling away in a fast speed move into the bushes. He sensing her indicating a Telepath nearby by the fearful behavior. He walked into the station into the hallway to meet Leader Lave that paused seeing him. He giving the Fishla a glare of accusation in his eyes. He paused from walking to glare at Leader Lave whose eyes turned all black looking as he felt his mind scanned.
Terror mentally spoke "I remember everything of my time with you and your people, the Fishla, including my memories of this erased. You'll pay for this insulting behavior, Leader Lave."
He glared at Leader Lave who walked up towards him he stiffened. Leader Lave, seen by him willing aside the Telepathic look. 
Leader Lave, he heard speaking in Fishla's language of hissing "The memory erasing wasn't what I wanted for you, Ancient One. I disagreed to that."
He kept the glare as Leader Lave continued hissing "I recognized you from the Fishla's legend. The first Earthari, the Fishla made contact with and blamed for leading the Spiders that was later executed."
He didn't say a word in response as Leader Lave kept hissing "Justen as he wishes to be called contacted the Fishla. Used me in a Fishla's form mind reading his thoughts to communicate, the Earthari had nothing to do with the Spiders. It took a great deal of convincing the Fishla of this talk. He undergoing various forms of painful torture by them. Hence he awarded the Leader title by my people. Once it was obvious he was telling the truth that the Spiders were a common enemy among both Fishla and Earthari in question."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing Leader Lave's words as Leader Lave displayed the Telepathic look he hearing the male's voice sounding in his mind "I do know that the Tennans are the Spiders themselves. No need to deny that. I was Human once. Actually I was born a Telepath. I took this form to convince the Fishla out of genocide against the Humans. It was the Fishla who caused the destruction of Terra the Humans' home world in an attempt to kill off the Spiders."
Terror stiffened hearing Leader Lave's confession as Leader Lave continued mind talking "After the destruction is when I wound up exchanging forms. I meeting Justen on the way, to convince the Fishla to spare the Human species. Excuse me for saying Human to you in a mental talk. Fishla are forbidden from saying Human out of respect for nearly causing genocide and destroying Terra. 
They call the Human species Earthari which is Fishla language means 'Ancient Wise One.' 
It's their highest form of respect towards the Human species actually."
He found Leader Lave no longer displaying the Telepathic look to hiss "Come with me now. I know of a place for you to gain some sleep. I suspect you're not immune to that aren't you?"
He didn't say a word wordlessly followed Leader Lave through corridors. Through the Trading Center finding manoids glaring at the Fishla, some seen waving fists aimed at the male. He followed to find Leader Lave led him to the Medical Bay to his annoyance. 
Terror glared at Leader Lave once inside Medical Bay hearing the Fishla speaking loudly "Doctor! I have a patient for you!" 
He gave up a loud sound of disgust to get Leader Lave speaking towards him "You, were you, examined medically once found by Earthari?"
Terror didn't comment a response as a familiar male he recognized as Doctor Chang Yong with recognition in the male's eyes seeing he arrived into view. The Doctor he saw was looking at Leader Lave questioning. 
He found Leader Lave speaking "Two Leaders tell me that his name is of Terror. They tell me that's all they can get from him. He's not very talkative according to them. Good luck, Doctor on getting him to speak. Feel free to examine him. He was found according to the two Leaders dumped in some hostile to Human life planetary world. Wasn't examined medically once he was rescued. Just see that he's fit physically. That's all I ask."
He found Doctor Yong speaking "Come with me."
Terror obeyed to find the Doctor leading him down a hallway with doors open showing rooms having cots in them with beeping sounds coming from them. He glared at Doctor Yong's back sensing Leader Lave not following. The Doctor reached the last door in the wall to open it showing a mattress inside on the floor including another doorway. 
He glared as the Doctor spoke "I know you and recognize you. You're the type who hates to be medically examined. You'll find everything you need for sleeping and cleaning yourself hygiene way inside this room. Only I have access to it, as the main Doctor of this Medical Bay. It's my personal quarters actually where I stay, while I'm on duty contained in here. There's an extra cot in the room if the mattress isn't your thing. So get inside before someone sees you."
Terror obeyed to get into the room hearing the door shut behind him. He sighed and eyed the doorway spotting it as a hygiene room to groan softly hearing the faint singing by the Queen. 
He recognized the tone faintly sounding in his mind was speak "Cleaning one's self is a must!"
Terror eyed the ceiling as if drawn to find a Tennan clinging to it back on it that waved a clawed hand in a gesture he recognized "Don't look."
He obeyed to go into the hygiene room figuring "I might as well use it."

Terror lay on the cot out of sight from the door to the room being manipulated to open. He finding the mattress was clinging to the wall and would show any visitor him sleeping there. He found himself agreeing with the cot. It reminded him of the cradles he slept in while on Terra floating on the water on ponds, never rivers or the ocean. 
He sighed with eyes closed to focus onto Justen to hear a hiss from an egg speaking "Sleep now!"
He obeyed to make his mind blank as he could and felt himself tiredly passing out unconscious.

Terror came to hearing a loud ringing noise he finding Doctor Yong on the mattress groaning loudly he hearing "Can't I get any sleep around here? I just laid down."
He frowned to sit up eyeing Doctor Yong going to a console to raise a hand before turning to face him. 
Doctor Yong speaking "Hide yourself in the hygiene room now. Recorders via visual communications are always on, wherever the communicator has in the room, trained for it once I give the command."
He obeyed to hide behind the shower curtain in the shower stall shutting his eyes to focus onto Doctor Yong.
Doctor Yong groaned and spoke "Receive communications."
He eyed the monitor screen as if drawn to find Commander Renova's face appear onto it speaking "We have a managed to get a new Gate Destroyer, answering to the name of Justen to go to the Medical Bay for an examination. See about implanting him with the tracker once possible. Renova out."
Doctor Yong, he focused onto spoke "End communications."
He found the image of Renova going out as the monitor flashed black looking followed by hearing the Doctor add "It's safe for you to come out now."
Terror obeyed to find Doctor Yong speaking "I set aside the room next to this room to look like it was used for a patient examination. Just come sneaking out of here when the coast is clear. Make a big deal of coming out of that patient room from a sleeping status. Just don't want nosiness to get people's attention onto you. Excuse me."
He saw Doctor Yong leave the room with the door ajar. He used his mental ability to see for anyone outside which he darted out. Terror went into the patient room next door hearing beeping machinery going. Terror recalled making it appear to be woken up from a lengthy sleep walked out of the room. He pretending to look like he was waking up from a lengthy sleeping status. He faked yawn while stretching his arms above his head to find an Hmph sound behind him. He heard a hiss from a hidden egg indicating Telepaths. Terror looked with annoyance to find a nurse he assumed was the female's title. He continued to hear the hissing from the hidden egg. He quit his waking up act to glare at the female recalling the Gate Destroyer didn't want him to talk. 
The nurse spoke "I'm Nurse Alexa. I recognize you so respects."
He gave an Ancient head gesture to find her not looking surprised to see that. 
Followed by her adding, while jabbing a finger in the opposite direction he was facing "You'll find the hallway leads to the Medical Bay's entrance. I'll kindly tell Doctor Yong what I know of you. He'll be fine with that anyway."
Terror without a comment walked away in the direction Alexa was pointing. Terror wound up hearing a faint Gate Destroyer's roar of pain to him that sounded familiar. He halted his walking to focus onto Justen, finding his son was in a patient room getting a tracker implanted into his hand. He grimaced finding Justen roaring of pain as he felt familiar poking on his leg, opened his eyes. Terror found a familiar Tennan poking him on the legs that gestured him to follow which he obeyed. Terror looked to find a Souler standing in the hallway outside Medical Bay, making the pet running up the wall disappearing into the duct out of fear, sensed. He glared at the Souler who placed a fist onto his chest despite the male form, thumping onto the area before lowering the hand and turning sideways gesturing him to follow. 
He obeyed recalling "The Soulers are acknowledging me as an Ancient One by the gesture. They making it clear that I should follow them whenever they meet me and give me the acknowledgment."
Terror followed the Souler through the Trading Center finding people ignoring him. They noticed giving the Souler a wide berth with fear sensed from them. He found the Souler led him to the Command Center to his annoyance to meet Renova inside doing a double take look seeing him. 
He frowned as she spoke "Blast the mirror brother Patrick."
He saw her look away to find her glaring at a Gate Destroyer looking familiar to him. He recognized as Patrick making him confused to his familiarity. He frowned eyeing Patrick who with a sick smirk on his face, twisted around grabbing the Tennan on the wall yanking her off onto the floor in a fast move and brought his fist into her face. 
He heard, Hey comments from people in the room, as he gave up "Bastard Patrick-"
Terror heard himself cut off by an electronic voice speaking "Voice pattern recognition, Doctor Ridgen Zianan."
He gulped finding Patrick quit punching the Tennan to get up snickering loudly. This was followed by fading from sight he spotted the Gate Destroyer displaying all black eyes and walking away. 
He felt a slap on his cheek bare of facial hair to find the hand was Renova's who spoke "I knew that there was something funny about a bastard like you."
Terror spoke firmly "I resent you hitting me woman."
He heard silence from the electronic voice he figured was the computer. Terror found Renova glaring at him with arms folded. Terror glared to hear a growling noise of a Gate Destroyer to find Patrick appearing from hidden status arms out. Patrick appearing to be indicating on someone was holding his arms by the jerking movements. He heard a beep sound to hear a shriek sound sounding familiar, before cutting itself off, followed by the beeping noises of the room resume. Terror groaned as he felt the egg inside him burst apart by giving him a terrible stomachache, he bending down groaning loudly. He heard twin groaning sounding of a Gate Destroyer. He saw Patrick lying on the floor curled into a ball groaning loudly. He felt hands onto his arm forcing him to sit into a chair. Terror obeyed to feel relieved to sit while finding hands touching his face patting him. He found belonged to T'La, he recognized gave up that screaming sound. Terror didn't say a word towards T'La who quit the patting onto his face. He wound up seeing T'La look away appearing to be glaring at Renova with a look of hatred in her face. He reached out a hand touching T'La's shoulder getting her looking at him. Terror shook his head in the Ancient way of saying no. He found understanding in T'La's face but she kept giving Renova a narrowed black eyed glare in response. 
He heard from Renova "Why is the Medical Bay ignoring my summons to send medical personal to the Command Center?"
Terror focused his mental ability onto the Medical Bay, finding Doctor Yong and Alexa lying on the floor of a room unconscious from the looks of them. He spotted a Gate Destroyer walking away shaking his hand from a fisted status.
Terror figured to himself "Blast that Gate Destroyer! Must have knocked the medics out after they implanted the tracker into his hand!"
He kept his thought to himself as he felt hands onto his shoulders he forced up to stand followed by hearing "Anyway Commander, I'll see him to Medical Bay since he can walk."
Terror exhaled a breath finding Leader Lave was the speaker who got him out of the Command Center into the hallway. He paying attention to where they were going finding him taking a stairwell route to a hallway. He frowned as Leader Lave went to a door in the wall and tapped onto the keypad. Before it opened showing a living room with a door further inside he figured was an apartment. Terror frowned as Leader Lave got him inside and got him further into the apartment, to the bed, to lay his form down onto it. He sighed groaning loudly, finding Leader Lave walking away shutting the door to the bedroom sliding them shut. He heard nothing else shut his eyes to pass out unconscious.

Terror came to feeling a familiar feeling hitting him he recognized what it was involving mating. He grunted as he felt a familiar poking from a Tennan poking him awake. 
He woke up to glare at the Tennan that spoke "Hide in stinker. Place not yours. Attack victim in stinker."
He obeyed recalling the word stinker was used for hygiene room, to hide behind the shower curtain. Terror leaned against the wall feeling himself itching to mate further. He found himself unable to see via his urges rising within him. He heard the sound of the hygiene room being used along with cloth manipulated to indicate it was being removed followed by the shower curtain swinging open. Terror found himself facing a naked Renova who ignored him to get into the shower stall.
She speaking "Shouldn't your clothes be off Terror?"
He obeyed to strip himself of his clothes to find Renova turning on the shower water to heat toleration levels. Followed by straddling him with legs spread wrapped around him and her nails felt digging into his shoulders. He sighed recognizing the behavior was her way of submitting to the mating ritual he desperately needed to do. Terror didn't comment a response felt himself inside her thrusting in rhythm as she moved meeting his movements. He sighed once spilling himself inside Renova to find himself till wanting to mate further, thrust her back to the wall, she grunting in pain and grabbed her hips. He thrust inside Renova feeling himself getting better each time he was inside her. Terror spilled himself inside her again to hear her give off a loud hiss sound of pain to him. Terror placed a hand onto Renova gently pulling himself out of her and gently removing her off of him. 
He didn't say a word as Renova spoke firmly once seeing her standing "Get out of my residence now. Your business with me is done as indicated by you."
He obeyed to get out of the shower stall to find his familiar animal skin clothes gone from the floor but Renova's uniform and things scattered around. He felt annoyance take hold walked out to find a Tennan appearing to be a pet holding onto his clothes and boots. That playfully tossed his pants to another pet while tossing other clothing to others. 
He felt annoyance take hold to glare at the Tennans while speaking firmly "My clothes aren't for you to play with! So hand them back now!"
Terror glared to find the Tennans in response going up the walls each carrying an article of his clothes in their mouths and disappearing into the air ducts. 
He snarled angrily "Bastards!"
Terror hit the floor when a Tennan's body landed on top of him. He thrusting the drone away from him while getting up in a fast move to glare at the Tennan. 
He glared to find the Tennan getting onto fours and thrusting her seat at him in a some wriggling move he recognized was speak "Mate with me now."
Terror obeyed to feel disgust on having to mate with the Tennan that felt slimy and terribly wet to his sensitive part. He thrust in and out of her with more wetness felt getting onto him. He spilled himself inside the Tennan, only to feel himself still urged to mate. Kept it up again this time the wetness no longer felt including the sliminess to feel dryness. He again spilled himself inside the drone. Terror once done pulled out to find the Tennan curling into a ball, appearing to look like she fell into a sleeping status involving carrying his offspring. He saw a Tennan pet toss his pants into the hygiene room via doorway. Terror ignored to walk inside hearing the shower running but noticed a hand on the floor. He darted towards the shower stall to yank aside the curtain to find Renova sitting on the floor looking like she was sick by throwing up liquid appearing to be blood from her mouth. He picked up Renova and carried her out to her bed. She quitting the throwing up to his relief as he to laid her onto the bed putting the blanket onto her covering her naked status. 
Terror heard from a Tennan "Stinky All Seeing One."
He sighed and went back into the hygiene room intending to clean himself.

Terror came out dressed into his animal skin clothes to find the Tennans had removed Renova's blanket off of her. She moaning loudly with eyes shut he spotted her abdomen very swollen indicating a with child status. 
He sat on the bed next to Renova recalling his mating with female Kangs he thinking to himself "The with child status with the female Kangs of the Human species always lasts within status of a short time. She birthing the Tennans' egg that is used for creating more eggs via the egg joining with the Queen. Hmph. T'La must have destroyed all of their eggs hence they allowing me to mate with Renova. They don't normally allow me to mate with any other species than the Tennans themselves. Hence they letting me mate with her for more eggs."
He didn't comment a response waited as Renova gave up a sharp groan followed by eyeing her to see an egg slip out of her abdomen area via the skin making no marking. He found the birth wound up making the abdomen flat. The egg he saw darted into the ducts above in a fast move. Terror eyed Renova who remained asleep appearing to be passed out unconscious. 
He heard from a Tennan "Sleep now, All Seeing One."
Terror obeyed to lay his form onto the bed putting the blanket onto Renova covering her up and spoon fashioned her while shutting his eyes passing out unconscious.

Terror came to hearing a ringing noise followed by hearing "Its morning time to get up."
He sighed hearing the squeaky voice of the computer to find Renova getting up ignoring him lying in bed going to the hygiene room who paused once in the doorway. 
He got up to see her looking at him speaking "Terror kindly wait for me in the other room. I need privacy for getting ready to start my shift. I have nourishment in the kitchen, I'm willing to share with you, if you be patient and wait for me."
Terror didn't say a word went into the living room shutting the sliding door to sit onto the couch. He sat sensing a Tennan was hiding behind the couch he focused onto her, to figure that it was the drone he mated with, that had fallen asleep to hide out of safety's sakes. He didn't have long to wait as Renova with her uniform on arrived into the room. She, he saw, went to the kitchen unit to cook food his mouth watered smelling them. 
He spoke firmly finding Renova's behavior was indicating anger "I'm sorry I hurt you."
Terror got Renova looking at him and speaking "Its not you I'm angry at. It's those entity balls I was seeing around here I'm not seeing at the moment. There's two of them I see every morning whenever I wake up flying around with some bumping play game onto each other. I'm used to seeing them getting me into a good mood despite waking up angry as always."
He exhaled a breath to hear a hiss sound sounding familiar to find two eggs coming from the couch besides him. Terror wound up to witness them fly into the air bumping into each other as he heard Renova's laughter. He sighed as Renova quit her laughing to resume cooking the food. This was followed by handing him a plate of food with a fork he recalling how to eat the food using the object. Terror found himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food via fork finding it tasted good to him. Terror found Renova eating her food fast like she was terribly hungry to him. He didn't say a word as Renova got him to give up his plate followed by handing him a cup full of white liquid. He forced himself to gulp it entirely copying her seen gulping down her cup's contents in a fast move. 
Terror inhaled a breath once done to hear a rude noise from Renova who spoke "Excuse me."
He didn't say a word handed the cup back to her who added "My shift as Commander requires me to take a walk through the Trading Center checking things out. Then I'm to go to the Command Center and spend the majority of my day there. The Ambassadors haven't called for a meeting yet as all agreed to do, for brokering out agreements. We always meet in the Peace room with my presence there to represent the Humans. I'm sort of counted as an Ambassador to the Humans running this place. The Fishla actually built this station, as said by them but put us Humans in charge of running it and keeping order. They gave us this job in question after the destruction of Terra they responsible for and not the Telepaths."
Terror gave up a hiss sound in response to hear from Renova added "The Fishla's Leader Lave admitted this destruction in question. He admits the Gate Destroyer in Leader's uniform was responsible for talking his species out of causing further genocide towards my species. Leader Lave when he told me this in private left it up to me to tell the other species of what the Fishla did to Terra. So far I haven't said a word towards the Ambassadors about this at the moment. I don't think I will talk about this subject unless the Ambassadors ask about it is when I'll tell them."
Terror spoke finding Renova looking sad "I'm sorry."
He got up to gently hug Renova finding her crying tears and sobbing while hugged as he gently rubbed her back. He didn't say a word in response as Renova had her crying bout followed by hearing a beeping sound sounding annoyed to him. 
He frowned as Renova stepped back from him breaking his hold to put her hand to her earlobe speaking loudly "Renova, yes?"
Terror figured "It's a communication device."
Terror eyed Renova finding her eyes form a concentration look followed by adding "I'll be there once possible, Renova out."
He found her removing her hand to speak towards him "I have business elsewhere as duty calls for my shift. So go explore the station if you can."
Terror sighed and followed Renova out of the apartment to find a Gate Destroyer hidden in the hallway that blocked his way of following her further. He seeing the male giving him an angry glare. Terror glared at the Gate Destroyer with annoyance to see Renova walk around the corner of a hallway's end part and disappear out of sight. He glared at the Gate Destroyer who held up his hands in some surrender gesture while appearing to gulp. He hearing growling noises of a Souler he recognized hidden from him. Terror didn't say a word walked away only to meet a Tennan dropping down in front of him he giving a glare.
He got from the Tennan "Garden now. You know way."
Terror didn't say a word took the route to the garden's entrance while avoiding the main route of going through the Trading Center. He walked into the garden taking a forest path from memory of the Tennans' tree to find it easily. He seeing Tennans lying on the branches appearing to look asleep as the sunlight's light indicating sunrise shined overhead. Terror didn't say a word went to sit down onto the ground crossed legged to shut his eyes sensing himself stared at. He focused onto the staring's source to find a Gate Destroyer he met in the hallway hidden in the bushes spying onto him. Terror felt annoyance take hold to focus behind the Gate Destroyer as if drawn. Terror looked to find an egg floating behind the male that darted around into the male's stomach in a fast move. He found the Gate Destroyer bending down groaning while having a hand onto his front. Terror eyed the Gate Destroyer finding Tennans landing onto him from above a tree, knocking the male unconscious as he found the egg didn't come out. He heard a familiar hissing sound opened his eyes, to find an egg floating in view of his eyesight lowering itself till it was level with his eyes. Terror heard the familiar words of forgiveness spoken from the egg in a hissing tone.
Terror figured to himself "The Queen told the eggs to speak their words of forgiveness towards me before entering me inside to compute my thoughts as always."
He didn't say a word towards the egg that spoke its familiar wording of forgiveness followed by getting onto his lap. Terror eyed the egg to feel the familiar pain as it entered him via stomach area slipping into his body. Terror heard the Queen's singing of a joyful tone sounding in his mind. He felt the egg mind scanning him as he willed aside the pain despite shutting his eyes. 
He mentally spoke sounding annoyed "My Queen must your egg give me pain every time it enters me to compute?"
Terror got the Queen singing in a sad tone to sense a Tennan staring at him inches away from his face. 
He jerked open his eyes to stare at the Tennan's beady black eyes that spoke "Pain necessary. Computer compute computer work. Queen's sorry for pains All Seeing One." 
"Queen's pain agrees with All Seeing One." He heard and sighed recognizing the Tennan term "Queen birthing offsprings that give her pain."
Terror didn't say a word in response shut his eyes only to feel a familiar staring from the Tennan to open them to glare at the drone.
He got from the Tennan "Computer finished computing Gate Destroyer. Needs cradle for carrying to Queen. Queen insists All Seeing One be cradle for computer."
Terror sighed and got up feeling the egg inside him slip out via his stomach area he bending down groaning from the pain. He straightened up his form to walk towards where the Gate Destroyer was lying unconscious to wait. He finding the Tennans poking and prodding the male's stomach area their attempt to get the egg out. He waited seemingly lengthy ignoring the Tennans. Terror wound up to avoiding looking at them poking the Gate Destroyer. He wound up to feeling annoyance take hold till he felt a familiar pain to bend down groaning. 
Terror heard the Queen singing her command call "Come to me." 
He obeyed walking further into the forest weaving out of trees and bushes. He kept walking seemingly lengthy till he reached a hole in the ground having a metal grating covering it to see it open showing a Tennan that blocked his way. Terror frowned as the Tennan crawled out to poke and prod his stomach in poking moves via clawed hands. He didn't say a word as he grunted feeling the egg leave him. The egg wound up getting into the Tennan's hands followed by shifting into a Tennan, appearing to look like a pet drone in a Human baby's size. Terror walked away sensing his duty was over to walk back towards the entrance to the forest garden. He neared the entrance only to get blocked by a Tennan dropping in front of him growling angrily. 
He stiffened from the growling to hear hissing sounds from multiple eggs sounding behind him. 
He translated to himself "All Seeing One hurt Queen."
Terror stiffened from eggs' wording to stand still waiting for the Tennans to attack him out of anger.
He recalling "They did a similar attack onto me back in the past repeatedly over and over. I was blamed for the destruction of a Queen repeatedly hence they attacking me out of their blaming anger."
Terror kept himself still to grunt as multiple eggs pelted him from behind. Including the Tennans felt landing onto him from above knocking him onto the ground. He grunted loudly from their whacking him via clawed hands. Terror heard a loud shriek of warning indicating a Telepath's presence. He found Tennans and eggs darting out of sight, to find Leader Lave standing at the edge of the clearing displaying all black eyes of a Telepath. Leader Lave shook the look away while forming Human blue eyes in a glare of annoyance in them. Terror got up feeling himself sore abruptly to rub a hand on his forehead before walking towards Leader Lave without a word and removing his hand. He frowned while eyeing Leader Lave who gave him a glare.
Terror got from the male "Come with me."
Terror obeyed to follow Leader Lave taking the Trading Center route ignoring people waving fists aimed at the male. Leader Lave got him into Medical Bay the Fishla calling for a Doctor loudly. He frowned waiting seemingly impatiently as Alexa arrived into view.
Leader Lave was heard "I caught the Tennans using this Earthari for their fisting out of being angry about something again. They still haven't gotten the message that talking of peace is better than fisting of anger. See about examining this Earthari, for respects, Nurse."
Terror watched as Leader Lave without a word walked out of Medical Bay he spotted a Souler near the entrance behind the see through door. 
Terror heard a loud Hmph from Alexa to eye her warily followed by her speaking "Terror, come with me."
He felt annoyance take hold when she led him into a patient room and ordered towards him "Lie down for the scanners now."
Terror thought insults aimed at the Tennans for the attack. He obeyed to find her putting a device with a red light jutting from it at the foot of the bed and walking to stand behind a console. 
He eyed her to find her speaking "Just keep yourself still while the scanner scans you."
Terror sighed and shifted to eye the ceiling he spotted a Tennan making don't look gesture. He shifted his eyes to focus onto the picture of a lake scene on the wall indicating a sun on the horizon. He kept his eyes onto the picture as he found the scanner seemed lengthy with its scanning. Alexa not commenting a word towards him to move only giving off loud Hmm sounds while hearing beeping noises. 
Terror felt his patience becoming thin to hear from Alexa "All done with the scans. The computer says that you have muscle sprains which is speak for bruises."
He got up from the cot to glare at Alexa hearing her voice have an edge in it to speak "I'm the Forgiver. Confess your crime. Excuse me, what is it that you're not fully saying towards me, Nurse?"
Terror glared at Alexa who appeared to gulp before speaking "Alright your pumper organ inside your chest is on the opposite side of where it's normally supposed to be in Humans. The Ancients didn't leave detailed medical records of them after they and most of the Humans died off from a plague, with the survivors finding evidence of them destroyed. Sorry I was shocked to discover you different from us Humans via the pumper organ actually."
Terror didn't say a word in response to spot an egg floating down behind Alexa he sighed figuring "The Tennans are curious to know what my body was like medically. Hence they doing this angry behavior onto me in front of Leader Lave. That egg is going to inhibit the Nurse for computing the information to give to the Tennans' Queen."
He didn't say a word in response as Alexa spoke ignoring him looking at her with a glare "Anyhow you're all done now. You can leave Ancient One."
He gave the Ancients' head gesture and without a word left the room hearing a faint groaning noise behind him he figured "The egg must be inside her now."
Terror ignored the noise to continue on walking towards the entrance to the Medical Bay. He looked finding a familiar male Gate Destroyer outside with a glare on his face despite all black eyes seen. He walked out of Medical Bay ignoring the Gate Destroyer sensed following him while remaining in his hidden status.
Terror heard within his mind "Go to the Command Center now."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing the Souler's mental talk sounding in his mind he ignored to take the Trading Center route. He finding himself ignored by the natives in there. He went to the Command Center to find Renova inside facing a group of various humanoids that appeared to be other than Human to him all appearing to look like Human versions of Terra's multiple animals to him. 
He heard from Renova sounding angry "With due respects I'm not this Earthari, dubbed Terror's keeper! Find him yourself now!" 
Terror spoke loudly "What's going on Commander?"
He found the Ambassadors, he assumed were they, looking at his direction with various expressions on their alien like faces seen as he heard "Ambassadors with due respects, this is Terror, the Earthari, your seeking. Excuse me I'm busy here so get out now."
Terror heard the firmness of Renova's voice tone to find one of the Ambassadors stepping forwards showing a cat like face and speaking "Ree ow with respects Earthari. Terror as you're called, will you come with us now?"
He stepped aside and spoke "Show me where you wish to meet Ambassadors."
Terror didn't comment a response as the cat like faced Ambassador gave up another ree ow sound took the lead with him following. He sensing the Ambassadors following taking up the rear. He felt annoyance take hold as the Ambassador led the way ignoring the route to the Trading Center. Instead was taking back ways route to someplace he recognized led to the garden to find his hunch correct. He looked behind at the Ambassadors to spot a hidden Gate Destroyer with familiarity hitting him, following while appearing to take up the rear of the group. 
He didn't say a word as the Ambassador walked into the forest then stopped once arriving at a clearing to turn around speaking "The Tennans called Spiders by Earthari and Fishla. You Terror are the Tennans' Ambassador speaks for them."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing the Ambassador's words that sounded firm like a statement and not a question to frown. He found a Tennan dropping from above to land next to him he eyed warily. 
He frowned as the Ambassador added, he noticing the hidden Gate Destroyer smirking "Tennans are the Spiders enemy of Fishla and Earthari don't deny that. Terror, translate for the Tennans' point of view in this conflict."
Terror eyed the Tennan warily to hear from the being speaking Tennans' guttural language, he found himself translating "Says we Tennans seek sanctuary world for natural order of creation for our species to live. Fishla and Earthari as you call them disagreed with the creation's uses of our Queen, needing you manoids for creations of our people. We cannot create our people ourselves even our Queen cannot do that either. We need manoids for creation to survive."
He continued translating hearing silence from the Ambassadors "Says Fishla and Earthari disagreed with this creation method accuse us of causing great death of numerous manoids. They get us removed from sanctuary worlds. Causing death to our travelers carrying us. Hence this fight we do not want." 
He kept up translating "Says we methods for creation is different from your creation. We cannot do anything to change our creation method. Earthari tried to change us. Earthari created problem Earthari species from that method. Problem species gets mad. Picks onto other Earthari. Causes fight with Fishla joining. Fishla destroy Earthari's home Terra."
He heard gasps from the Ambassadors as he continued "Says Fishla sorry for destroy Terra. Call the Terra people Earthari out of respects. Makes it forbidden for Fishla to speak the name of Human. Only say Earthari to Terra people."
Terror found the Tennan giving off a sound of fear to find Leader Lave coming into sight to hear from an Ambassador "Leader Lave we discovered the identity of the Spiders."
Terror kept his mouth into a thin line finding Leader Lave going up to the spoken Ambassador with yellow scaly skin, to stand once in front of him with a glare seen.
Terror spoke firmly "Leader Lave, kindly tell the Ambassadors your people's side in this conflict with the Spiders. They already said their side."
He got from Leader Lave holding up a hand up in a direction to find a female Fishla in angelic form appear from a hidden status to grip his hand. 
Terror heard gasps as he heard from the female Fishla her singing. 
He hearing her words as Leader Lave spoke "Says I'm Sora of the Fishla species. Created from a Fishla and an Earthari into this form one thousand Earthari's cycles ago. We Fishla had females that were dying out with no explanation. The Spiders as Earthari called them arrived to Fishlala our home world, with promises to save our females. The promise wasn't kept, instead the females died out leaving one left. An Earthari was found amid the wreckage of a Spider's ship destroyed and brought to a colony. The Earthari male was ordered to create with a Fishla female creating myself and others in the process. The Spiders returned to the colony causing great death in the process. The colony's planetary world is now dead. Nothing can live there anymore from the destruction. The Spiders took the Earthari with them contained in one of their warships. The Earthari was assumed responsible for the Spiders' destruction on the colony planet and its now dead status."
He heard silence from the Ambassadors as Leader Lave continued speaking "Says we Fishla got mad in anger from the destruction. Blamed the Earthari species for the colony's deadness. We spent time going among planetary worlds seeking Earthari. I and others wound up using ourselves to appear as heavenly beings of light in an attempt to gain information on the Earthari. Earthari's home world Terra was found as pointed out by an Earthari seeking an alliance with us to fight a civil war. We Fishla destroyed Terra as a result. Then tried to destroy the Earthari's ships in this alliance, who mostly escaped us." 
He continued to hear from Leader Lave "Says one of the Earthari's ships was shot down with the pilot, in an attempt to find out more information on their species. The Earthari captured turned out to be a Gate Destroyer as the Earthari calls them. He along with Leader Lave talked us Fishla out of causing more death towards the Earthari's species. We call the Earthari by their name out of respects for causing them great pain. We are forbidden from speaking the actual name of the Earthari as said to us by a species of death you refer as Souler."
Terror exhaled a breath to find a Souler walking into sight hearing nothing more from Leader Lave. Sora he saw floated away disappearing from eyesight fading from view. He eyed the Souler warily to find the male folding his arms while still holding onto his sword and stomping his foot three times with a break between stomps. 
Terror heard from Leader Lave "That's Soulers' speak 'This gathering is over with move along now or we'll cause you death'. 
They pulled that speak behavior onto us Fishla on our home world. The Soulers appearing from no where have been around as long as there's Fishla and Earthari cohabiting. Doesn't matter where. They aim to make sure that there's a permanent peace between my species and the Earthari."
Terror frowned eyeing Leader Lave to find one of the Ambassadors taking the Fishla's arm while walking away appearing to be towards the entrance to the garden.
He heard from the Ambassador having Leader Lave's arm "Do you care to know who the Spiders are?"
Terror got from Leader Lave he heard loudly "The Tennans are the Spiders aren't they?"
He heard multiple gasps sound followed the Ambassadors to hear from Leader Lave "Records of the Spiders and their descriptions of who they are were very well detailed. With due respects I do speak for the Fishla we are willing to make peace with the Tennans. Just as long as the Tennans get it the peaceful terms of their creation method."
Terror exhaled a breath to hear from an Ambassador "You seem to know what's the Tennans' creation method is."
He heard from Sora sounding despite not seeing her to hear from Leader Lave "We're aware of what the creation methods the Tennans use for creating more of their own people. With due respects to the Tennans I don't care to go into further detail on their creation methods. It fully detailed to us. The Tennans made it clear that their creation methods must be kept secret. I will be silent on this matter out of respect towards them in peace's sakes."
Terror frowned finding Leader Lave repeating Sora's words to continue to hear from Sora hearing the Fishla repeating her words "We have taken responsibly towards the Earthari for the destruction of Terra their home world. Out of peace towards the Earthari, we have given them sanctuary in our home world and planetary colonies in our territory to live and survive. It was we who told the Earthari of the Tennans and their creation methods. Without realizing it that they wanted the subject not to be said. The Tennans in response in return started to target the Earthari. In apparent anger after we Fishla told the Earthari various secrets of them they didn't want to be said. We take responsibility for the destruction done onto the Earthari species by the Tennans in their anger towards us speaking their secrets."
Terror exhaled another breath to feel a body block his way. He looked down to find a Tennan in a pet form blocking his way. He found the Ambassadors walking out of sight with Leader Lave he hearing nothing from them in response. Terror eyed the Tennan that mad her familiar follow me gesture. He obeyed finding her leading him to the familiar tree which he sat down to sense himself stared at. He shut his eyes once crossed legged to focus onto the staring he spotted the familiar Gate Destroyer. 
He realized with a start "It's Patrick or a mirror brother I unsure of which one was which." 
Terror concentrated onto Patrick who appeared from a hidden status to walk up towards him to kneel in front of him arm length away. He opened his eyes to find an egg floating into eyesight view. The egg darted into Patrick via stomach who groaned loudly while hearing a ripping sound. He finding the mirror brother separating himself from the Gate Destroyer's body from the front and kneeling next to him. Terror exhaled a breath to frown staring at the mirror brothers to find the egg coming out, followed by Patrick's brother shredding into dirt, and followed by Patrick groaning softly. 
He exhaled a breath as Patrick was heard speaking Tennans' growling language "Father, tell me my creation. The Tennans said that you created me."
Terror stiffened with shock widening his eyes with recognition through him. 
Terror spoke firmly in Tennans' growling language from memory fully in mind "I mated with a female. The female birthed you. You had a mirror brother created by an entity inhibiting you as always."
Terror clamped his mouth shut he feeling himself annoyed with what he blurt to eye Patrick who spoke "All Seeing One, I beg your forgiveness."
He sighed to hear from Patrick again "I recognized my brother Justen the moment I laid eyes onto him. I knew who his female was whose name is Diana, while she was carrying his child, I took responsibility. I sort of took advantage of her in a mating way, soon after she birthed her son, unstopped by my people while I had the entity inhibiting me. I caused Diana to birth numerous entities. As a result the assassin, The Little Assassin as dubbed, had to scream them to death. Justen proved to be the leader of the Gate Destroyers by destroying an entity that tried to attack him. He exiled me from the nesting room where the Gate Destroyers were hiding via ordering my mirror brother out. The Tennans, I met on the way from the Command Center weren't happy with my stunt involving the entities. They told me to seek you out for forgiveness."
Terror found Patrick crawling towards him to put find his son putting hands onto his legs. 
Patrick groaning out he hearing "All Seeing One I beg your forgiveness. Forgive me please."
He spoke firmly "You're forgiven my son."
Terror didn't say a word as he found Patrick still bowed facing him to place a hand on top of his son's head gently rubbing. Terror wound up hearing sobbing sounds from the Gate Destroyer sounding of relief to him. He sighed again and found Patrick didn't seem lengthy with the crying instead got up moving himself out of his hand's grip. Patrick seen walking away without a backwards' glance. Terror groaned in response as he shut his eyes to focus onto Patrick as if compelled to find his son meeting another Gate Destroyer. A male he saw with facial appearance of Justen despite short blond hair blocking his son's way with growling loudly while displaying a golden eyed look. 
He heard from Patrick "What hissy fit are you throwing Kennik? It's Justen who's the leader and not me. I know that now. I was power mad with that stinking entity inhibiting me. It is no excuse actually. I should own up to my own actions."
Kennik spoke in response "Where's that stinking mirror brother of yours anyway?"
Patrick spoke "There's no mirror brother. Just a manifestation of having the entity inhibiting me that splits me into two pieces to form mirror brothers."
Kennik spoke "Interesting. Anyway that's not why I'm here throwing a hissy fit as you call them. Justen ordered me to find you. Have you come to the nesting room. He refuses to say what reason for that order. He sounded firm and calm when he gave the order towards me. Besides what's with you associating yourself with the Tennans anyway? They said that you were hiding around here talking to some god of theirs."
Patrick he heard spoke "Doesn't matter as long as we go to the nesting room and see what Justen wants. I suspect I know what's going on but I'm going to the nesting room with or without you."
He found Patrick turning hidden indicating an outline to find Kennik the other Gate Destroyer turning into an outline. Terror heard the familiar hissing sound again. 
Terror opened his eyes to find an egg within level of his eyes speaking "Forgiveness All Seeing One. Please forgive us."
He exhaled a breath to groan softly on what happened next, followed by the egg getting onto his lap and him grunting from pain of the entity entering him. He again heard the Queen singing her joyful noise as he rubbed a hand onto his stomach before putting it onto his thigh. Terror wound up shutting his eyes to focus onto Justen standing in the Gate Destroyer's nesting room with golden eyes glaring at a female Gate Destroyer with Justen's face. 
He realized with a start "Kennik had Justen's face. Kennik and the female Gate Destroyer are descendants of Justen by their faces always the same as his."
Terror heard nothing from the Queen to his thought to focus onto Justen glaring at the female who looked nervous followed by hearing from his son "You let that kid take off with my son didn't you Lisana? It was on anger towards Diana for appearing to understand our language. Don't deny that fact Lisana that you punched her unconscious hence she having a bruise on her face."
He exhaled a breath hearing that to keep on focusing onto Justen finding Lisana speaking "I shouldn't have punched her. She screaming at us to get her son back from that kid some freak assassin whoever he is. I punched Diana to shut up with her annoying screaming. I could feel the screaming she was giving off via my own skull."
Justen spoke "Interesting."
He heard the edge in Justen's voice tone to hear the Queen singing an annoyed tone. He sensed himself stared at by a Tennan opened his eyes to glare.
Terror got in response "Queen speaks look elsewhere. Computers already in Gate Destroyer's home computing away. No need to look."
He obeyed to focus onto D'Clan to find the kid carrying a large bag while looking nervous walking in a hallway concentrated onto him. Terror heard the Queen's questioning tone as he felt his mind scanned. 
Terror mentally spoke from assuming the Queen's noises was from the egg inside him "D'Clan's carrying Justen's offspring in that bag while hoping the baby will be quiet hence his nervousness seen."
He felt his mind continued on being scanned to find D'Clan act like he was being hit from behind collapsing onto the floor dropping the bag that gave up a muffled wailing noise. Terror grimaced to see a dart sticking out of D'Clan's back to find T'La coming into view to his shock putting away a dart's gun. T'La seen picking up the bag giving her brother a kick in the side who remained still while appearing to look unconscious. He kept focus onto T'La who carried the bag into an elevator to find it going up followed by going out to enter the Trading Center. T'La walking to reach a booth having a female Telepath there by the all black eyes and hand her the bag, while shaking her head in Human no gesture forming disgust on her face. Terror watched as the female Telepath handed the bag towards another female appearing to be a Gate Destroyer hidden by the outline seen. The Gate Destroyer hiding the bag into an outline while carrying it he tracked to the Gate Destroyers' nesting room handing the bag towards Justen. He found Justen taking out the baby and going towards Diana lying asleep on a cot. Terror heard the Queen's annoyance tone. He shift focus onto the female Telepath that was handed a bag by T'La. She, he saw, wound up tossing T'La a small bag she caught that clinked of money to him. He heard the Queen's singing sounding annoyed to him to sense the Tennan staring at him again.
Terror opened his eyes with annoyance running through him to hear "Queen speaks look elsewhere. Computer computing location will compute information."
He shut his eyes as if needing to do it to focus onto D'Clan finding a Tennan near the kid shaking the male awake who remained still. Terror kept on focusing onto D'Clan to find T'La arrive into view to yank out a syringe injecting it into her brother's neck followed by pocketing the drug. He eyed D'Clan who woke up twisting onto his back getting up in a fast acrobatic move then wound up waving a fist aimed at T'La who looked nervous. 
He found D'Clan going into a furious sign language talk he getting it what was said "Next time don't do this stunt onto me! I expect to know what's going on with you and your agreement with them! I'm sick of the secrets you're keeping from me! I want to trust you sister dear, but this latest stunt have me angry at you!"
Terror found Leader Lave standing in the hallway with Telepath's eyes focused onto D'Clan and T'La who both appear to didn't noticed him watching them as if drawn. He frowned to focus onto Leader Lave finding the Fishla willing aside the Telepathic look. Terror saw Leader Lave walking up towards D'Clan and T'La both to stand next to them. He noticed the kids ignoring Leader Lave's presence by both getting into a rapid fire sign language talk he unable to get it what they were saying. Terror focused onto the kids to find D'Clan collapsing onto the floor grabbed by Leader Lave. He looked to notice T'La had hands onto her brother looking concerned. He eyed Leader Lave who flared the Telepathic look onto T'La she doing a double take look to look nervous. This was followed by she seen looking really scared. He frowned as D'Clan's form shook repeatedly in a thrashing move followed by seeing T'La sitting down onto the floor looking upset and got herself to lie down onto the area while shutting her eyes. She giving off a twin thrashing move. He focused onto Leader Lave to find the Fishla looking at the ceiling giving a glare of accusation in his Human blue eyes after willing aside the Telepathic look. Terror found a Tennan crawling down the wall belly onto it to slide to the floor. The Tennan seen putting hands onto D'Clan's front poking the kid to see with shock an egg come out sailing into the ceiling. D'Clan quitted the thrashing and getting up with an acrobatic move looking angry. He eyed the Tennan that went to poke a thrashing T'La on the stomach to see another egg come out of her. She getting up in twin acrobatic move her brother got up. 
He found T'La signing towards the Tennan while hearing D'Clan speaking "Says seek forgiveness with your All Seeing One, Tennan for that entity trick. You Tennans aren't supposed to be doing this entity trick onto kids. Especially us kids who are used for your creation with your Queen. Take a look at our faces. We have the tech for the creation on us that hasn't been removed if you don't believe us."
Terror focused onto the Tennan he heard spoke Tennans' language while seeing D'Clan repeating the words in sign language towards T'La "We believe you and your words. Seen to what's on your faces. Do not remove the tech. It'll bring death to you. Its removal brought death to the other kids. Suffered a sick ailment. Death claimed them."
He got from T'La signing in response while hearing D'Clan speaking "Says we're aware of this death status hitting the other kids as pointed out by a healer to us on this. Hence we both still have the tech fully on our faces. We ask that you refrain from doing the entity trick onto either one of us. We suffered a sickness ailment from having the entity trick done onto us that caused us to reject nourishment soon after taking it in. The nourishment rejection caused our bodies to get sicker with the shakes ailment. Hence Leader Lave here asking you to remove the entity from within us."
He found the Tennan in response giving a head bob in a Human gesture before climbing up the wall into the air duct out of sight. 
Terror focused onto Leader Lave to find the Fishla speaking "Come along with me now. I believe that there's food grown in the garden for you to eat. It's from evidence of consumption from the Ambassadors munching onto the food appearing to be edible. I believe this food they munched on has an Earthari name of apple. You need it to keep your strength up so come along now."
Terror found Leader Lave led the two to the garden via a back way route instead of taking a route through the Trading Center. He focused onto Leader Lave leading the way towards an apple tree, he saw, and holding down a branch using his tall height to hold it for the kids. He watched as both D'Clan and T'La attacked the branch yanking off the apples and eating them nearly entirely while spitting out the stems and seeds from their hungry eating fast. 
Terror sensed objects placed onto his lap to hear "Forgive, All Seeing One."
He opened his eyes to find a Tennan in front of him belly onto the ground and found the objects on his lap was multiple apples. 
Terror heard from the Tennan "Computer compute nourishment must taken now."
Terror obeyed to eat up all the apples on his lap he counting about five in number. He wound up leaving the seeds and stems instead of eating them to be scattered around the ground around him. Terror found the Tennan remained belly onto the ground in front of him after he finished eating his food. 
He got from the Tennan in response while hearing from the Queen singing in a sad pity tone "Forgive we All Seeing One, hurting All Seeing One. Hurters intended towards All Seeing One. Forgive we."
Terror exhaled a breath to continue to hear "Queen speaks curiosity healer's tech speaking All Seeing One's shell's inner workings."
Terror kept his mouth shut he recalled "Shell is Tennans' speak for body."
He formed a glare with annoyance running through him while eyeing the Tennan.
He continued to hear the Queen's sad tone as the drone spoke again "Forgive Queen, All Seeing One. Curiosity computer computing healer using tech. See inner shell's workings on Earthari. Queen's curiosity got too much. Queen towards All Seeing One wanted answers answered. Queen speaks forgiveness All Seeing One."
Terror heard an egg hiss "Calm down All Seeing One. Listen to drone on what Queen says."
He obeyed to will himself to calm as he heard the egg continuing on hissing its familiar calm down comment repeatedly despite not seeing the entity ball around. 
Terror eyed the Tennan to hear "Forgive we All Seeing One. Forgive Queen. Queen speaks one request do, All Seeing One exchange forgiveness."
He recalled T'La and D'Clan mentally spoke knowing the Queen can hear him "My request is not to compute two Earthari answering to the name of D'Clan and T'La. I'll forgive you my Queen if you honor that request."
Terror heard a joyful singing tone from the Queen to eye the Tennan sitting up kneeling that spoke "Queen speaks request granted All Seeing One."
He exhaled a breath to find the Tennan added "Computer compute All Seeing One says movement necessary now."
Terror got up without a word and thought to himself "I might as well go to the Command Center and check on Renova. She birthed an egg quiet recently. I like to make sure she's doing fine despite not going to the Medical Bay for a checkup."
He took a step towards the garden's entrance to find the Tennan blocking his way he hearing the Queen singing in an annoyed voice tone.
Terror glared to hear from the Tennan "Queen speaks walk garden only. Computer computing All Seeing One says garden good for shell's inner working."
He obeyed to wander around the garden via the paths highlighted by sticks indicating glow lights to him that weren't shining. Terror walked seemingly lengthy walking on the path till he felt fed up walked back to the Tennans' tree despite sensing himself followed.
He ignored the following hearing the Queen singing in an angry voice tone he figured "She's calling Tennans to handle the following of me."
Terror went to a tree ignoring the Tennans' tree to sit down onto the ground crossed legged and shut his eyes to focus onto the follower. He saw was a male Fishla dressed into a Leader's uniform this time put on a mask of a Skull. The Fishla appeared to be quietly edging himself towards him seated while holding a knife in hand. He heard the Queen's angry singing voice sounding within his mind getting louder. Only to feel a familiar vibration within his skull he finding his ability gone from him as he heard familiar singing. Terror jerked open his eyes to find Sora he assumed was her singing away while having a hand onto the male Fishla's shoulder. The Fishla removed the Skull mask and then kneeled in front of him with a sad look in face despite blue beady eyes. 
Terror frowned finding Sora quit her singing to fade away followed by the male Fishla speaking in Agamemnon the Humans species' language "Forgive me. I have a confession to admit."
He kept his mouth shut in response to notice a Souler appear from a hidden status behind the Fishla only to get Sora appearing in view placing her hand onto the Souler's shoulder. 
Terror found the Souler and Sora backing up disappearing from view to focus onto the Fishla male who continued "I am the descendant of the Fishla that found an Earthari floating in space after destroying a Tennan's traveler."
Terror exhaled a breath as the Fishla continued speaking while having head bowed "The Fishla back then, thought burying a sick one into the ground would heal, despite the water as Earthari call our Giver of Life not doing anything for healing. The colony world where the Fire Wheel was found was used for such healings. The Earthari was buried into the ground after found in space. The Earthari appearing to be a male in Earthari's terms, healed from the burial including surviving the Fire Wheel's burning to fall into some sleeping status."
Terror didn't comment a response as the Fishla continued "The Earthari was used with the last of our females to create kids that resulted into descendant females becoming what we dub Sora as their titled name."
He exhaled a breath hearing the use of the name of Sora to continue to hear "The Tennans arrived to the colony world caused destruction of death in their search for this Earthari. They left once they found the Earthari leaving us Fishla to assume the Earthari was the leader of them. We Fishla beg forgiveness for the wrong committed against the Tennans as you their Ambassador speaking for them."
He found the Fishla looking up to eye him with his bubble eyes who added "You who speak for the Tennans tell them we Fishla are sorry for the wrongs committed against them. We beg forgiveness."
Terror heard from the Queen singing in a joyful tone to speak in Agamemnon "Your forgiveness has been received and accepted. Go in peace now that the burden has been lifted from you."
Terror eyed the Fishla who without a word got up pocketing his knife but left his Skull mask lying onto the ground. Terror wound up watching the male walking towards one of the paths in the garden and taking it out of sight. He felt himself stared at to frown finding the Souler and a Sora he assumed was her species' name and not her name appearing into sight as if they heard the Fishla's confession. 
Terror frowned as the Sora sing words he getting her talk "Terror what confession do you wish to say to us?"
He heard the Queen singing in a sad tone to groan feeling the egg getting out of him to hover in front of him followed by resuming its status inside him. 
Terror spoke realizing what the Queen wanted him to say "The entities inhibiting manoids can give them the ability to hear their creator sounding in some singing voice tone untranslatable on what is said."
He clamped his mouth shut hearing the Sora singing "Don't hide the truth from us Ancient One. We know that the Tennans' creator is a Queen. She who sings to manoids having entities or eggs as their actually are inside them. Confirm that you can hear their Queen's singing."
He spoke firmly "I confirm."
Terror heard the Queen's singing in an angry tone spoke firmly "I'm hearing her sounding angry. I think she wants an end to this talk now."
He got from the Sora singing "Sora is the name of our leader of us Fishla females and not our species' name. It's the name I've taken as a title."
He didn't comment a response to find the Souler putting aside his sword into a scabbard and putting a hand onto his masked face touching the chin and making a tap motion. He found the mask covering the Souler's face disappearing from view showing a Souler with Human blue eyes he saw the face seemed familiar to him. 
Terror heard the Queen singing joyfully to hear from Sora singing "This Earthari and the Earthari found one thousand Earthari years ago is the one and the same. It is him who created us both via mating with females. He mated with a Fishla female and created us as we are now. He mated with an Earthari female that created you Long Lived One."
Terror stiffened hearing Sora's words to find the Souler's face was twin to his who gave him a head gesture in the Ancients' way. He gave a twin gesture seeing the Souler tapping his forehead and getting the mask back covering his face in a fast move. He didn't say a word as Sora and the Souler disappeared from view to shut his eyes focusing his attention onto Justen as if feeling like needing to do it. Terror saw Justen in a lip lock with a female he recognized to be Diana while she was holding a bundle indicating a baby in her arms. Both spied on by various Gate Destroyers in the room they having familiar looks of reverence aimed at the two ignoring them stared at. 
He sighed when he heard the Queen singing in an annoyed tone to recall "The Queen hates me seeing mating like behavior from manoids. She finds inappropriate for me to see. Hence she sounding annoyed."
Terror shifted away from the couple to focus onto Patrick to find the Gate Destroyer was in the nesting room looking like he accepted Justen by the expression on his face. The Queen again sang sounding annoyed. He shifted to focus onto Renova in the Command Center to find Leader Lave already there with the kids seated at the computer's table both looking like they weren't angry at each other. He sighed feeling himself relieved to find that D'Clan had forgiven T'La for the darting unconscious status. 
Renova he saw rubbed a hand on her forehead looking wearily before she spoke "Argh, Ricos locked me out again. What is going on with that security officer? I ought to have a word with him on this locked out status joke he keeps on pulling onto me."
Leader Lave spoke "T'La, handle this will you?"
He eyed T'La as if drawn to find her getting up going around the table towards Renova. 
T'La without a signed gesture began typing onto the keyboard he hearing "Access granted. File on Andre Ricos open."
T'La without a signed comment went to sit down next to her brother who held up a hand them both slapping the hand onto each other. 
Renova spoke again after a lengthy pause he noticing her reading a computer monitor screen "Interesting it's a no wonder he's pulling this jokey status of locking me out. He doesn't want to admit that he paid a huge money amount towards two assassins to take out a certain annoying idiot as labeled next to the victim's name."
Leader Lave spoke "T'La, D'Clan something you want to admit hmm?"
T'La signed as D'Clan spoke "Says Andre Ricos made a deal with the Commandant for having those two assassins take out the victim. It's in exchange for giving out various tactical information leaked to the Telepaths in this civil war. The Commandant took back his word on having assassins take out the victim. Hence the useless payment price used. The Commandant did intend for the victim to die by an assassination. He did order for Andre Ricos to be assassinated soon after the victim was dead. Unfortunately Leaders intercepted the attempt onto this Andre Ricos. The Leaders got the assassins captured and suffering some terrible punishment of whipping on the back, as a result."
Leader Lave was heard speaking "I'll handle the punishment towards this Andre Ricos, Commander. Just have T'La or D'Clan handle the lockout statuses. Pardon me."
Leader Lave left the room he tracked to hear singing from Sora he understood what she said "Andre Ricos is currently in the brig contained there by the Security Chief's orders. She caught him doing the lockouts. He's not taking containment very well at the moment. This Andre is seen clawing the walls and acting like he's hearing something.
He's heard complaining over and over 'Stop your annoying singing.'
I have nothing to do with that singing he's complaining about. I figured it's the Tennans' Queen singing to him while he's got an egg as they call it inside him."
Leader Lave he tracked in response went to the brig's office to meet the Security Chief a female Human who spoke "If your here for Lieutenant Andre Ricos then get in line now. He's ticked off various people. They've point him responsible for the leaks in the now defunct civil war with the Telepaths. That including the death of General Leroy."
Leader Lave spoke in response "Kindly show me visual of what's this Earthari is doing in his cell now."
The Security Chief in response pressed a button to stare at a wall he spotted Leader Lave looking. Terror saw an overhead view of Andre Ricos in his cell clawing the walls while speaking out the words that Sora spoken to the Fishla. Terror frowned to sense himself stared at by a Tennan to growl an annoyed sound opening his eyes to glare with annoyance running through him. 
He got from the Tennan "Queen speaks computer compute computing Andre Ricos' mind. Badness detected. Andre Ricos computed have badness mind. Andre Ricos says forgiveness badness leaves mind. Computer computes this."
He shut his eyes in response to focus onto Andre Ricos to find the male was in a jail cell clawing the walls still repeating his singing complaint over and over. Terror found the Tennan giving out a loud hiss followed by sensing a presence staring at him. He focused onto the presence to find a male Telepath with the uniform of one walking towards him in the clearing before kneeling to stare at him.
Terror opened his eyes to focus onto the Telepath who spoke verbalizing his words "Forgive me All Seeing One. I have a confession to speak."
He didn't say a word in response eyed the Telepath who continued "We are Telepaths with mind walking abilities. We can create songs in the minds of Humans to hear over and over words not understandable. We did this to one Andre Ricos to keep him from telling the Humans that he betrayed them in this defunct civil war. All Andre Ricos needs to do to get rid of the singing in his mind is to speak code word forgiveness. He's no longer insane suffering from the noises."
Terror kept his mouth shut as the Telepath continued speaking "General Leroy was ordered dead in retaliation to allying himself with the Fishla that destroyed Terra. We Telepaths surrendered to General Leroy's forces from recognizing the threat the Fishla was going to be. It was we who ordered this Telepathic male to be changed into a Fishla. It's to speak for our Ambassador a Gate Destroyer the Commandant trusted with his life to guard him from harm. The Ambassador, Justen as he was called was sent to speak for the Humans. He was seen as someone who could be trusted to save the Human species by the Commandant himself."
Terror exhaled a breath as the Telepath continued "Forgive me All Seeing One on my confession. I hope for forgiveness from you. I will admit what I said to you to the Humans in the Command Center once this burden is lifted."
Terror spoke firmly "You're forgiven. Go now. Lift your burden."
He found the Telepath in response getting up to give him a bow with hands clasped in front of him before walking out of sight to hear the Queen's joyful singing again. Terror sighed to focus onto Renova in the Command Center only to hear the Queen's singing in an annoyed tone.
He opened his eyes to find a Tennan in front of him speaking "Computer compute All Seeing One movement must now. Queen speaks visit Andre Ricos now."
Terror without a word got up and recalled Leader Lave's route to the brig. He took the route to find the Fishla inside the Security Chief's office glaring at the wall showing an image of Andre Ricos. 
He grimaced to speak noticing them not acknowledging his presence "Excuse me."
Terror waited patiently as Leader Lave looked his way followed by speaking "Chief, see that Terror here gains access to Andre Ricos' cell now."
He heard an Hmph from the Security Chief who got up without a word he hearing her mutter "All Seeing One."
Terror glared at the Security Chief. Terror followed her out of the office down the hallway having gated doorways. She seen wound up to stop at a doorway waving a hand over the console to see the gate slide open. He walked inside finding Leader Lave next to him appearing to be glaring at Andre with an all black eyed glare. Terror waited as Andre quit his chanting and groaned loudly while leaning against the wall before focusing onto his direction. He saw Andre display a widened eyed look like shocked about something when Andre's eyes fell onto him. 
Terror spoke firmly "Forgiveness do you want it? Confess your crime."
He heard his voice sounded odd to him as he repeated his question finding Andre gulping followed by going to kneel in front of him with head bowed. 
Terror eyed Andre who spoke in response "I beg your forgiveness All Seeing One. I confess my crime I'm guilty of. My crime is leaking tactical information to the Telepaths in this defunct civil war among Humans. I also am guilty of the crime of ordering the death of General Duncan Leroy by assassination."
Terror kept his mouth shut as Andre looked up looking at him in the eyes and adding "I admit it. I was angry at General Duncan Leroy enough to order him dead. I blamed him for the loss of my older brother Miguel Ricos on a Human colony world that was formerly of life now dead. I used the blame of my loss to control my anger towards people. Hence the leakage of tactical information and the assassination of a Human."
He eyed Andre who lowered his head and heard "Forgive me. The blame or my anger is no excuse for me to do my behavior. I should have used words to tell General Duncan Leroy my anger towards him instead of lashing out wrongly. I paid the price with the death of Humans' blood on my hands including the death of an honorable Human. I will pay the price with my death if it calls for it. Forgive me."
Terror spoke as if compelled "You're forgiven. You'll live the remainder of your life forever contained till death calls for you. You'll live with the knowledge that the blood of the dead Humans is staining your hands. Nothing not even your death can remove the stain. Only the next generation can remove the stain in your honor. Remember this well."
He walked out of the cell finding Leader Lave in the hallway to find the Security Chief shutting the gate over the doorway via hand over the console. 
Terror wordlessly followed Leader Lave to the Security Chief's office to find the Security Chief snarling "Bastard should die for what he did."
He glared at the Security Chief hearing Sora's familiar singing to find her looking at him with nervousness and again speaking as Sora quit her singing "Alright. I confess I was angry when I heard what he confessed. I thought death of an execution would be the answer. You being an All Seeing One seem to have a plan involving him kept alive."
Terror didn't say a word as he heard from Leader Lave "Andre Ricos isn't the hand that killed your General Leroy. The hand was the Commandant actually whose dead and assassins punished as a result."
He saw Security Chief do a double take look he gave her an Ancients' head gesture of making the head go up and down towards her. 
Terror got a sound of disgust from the Security Chief who spoke "Anything else? I'm tempted to have you both into a jail cell for barging into my office without announcing your presences to me. I hate those unannounced visits."
He eyed Leader Lave who spoke "Terror, come with me now."
Terror obeyed to follow Leader Lave to the Trading Center to find a Souler halting the Fishla by hand onto the male's arm as he heard gasps. Terror kept his mouth shut while eyeing the Souler who placed a hand onto Leader Lave's shoulder in a peaceful gesture before walking away. He spotted going to the other Soulers to walk into the elevator out of sight. Terror found Leader Lave continue on walking he finding the crowd ignoring the Fishla and not giving off threatening behavior this time. He followed Leader Lave to the Command Center to his annoyance to find the familiar male Telepath was inside the room. He frowned finding Renova opposite to the Telepath shaking her left hand. 
The Telepath was groaning out "Aw you have a mean left fist."
Terror found Renova giving off a loud growling noise sounding Gate Destroyer like and then again threw her fist into the Telepath's face. The Telepath stepped back groaning while snapping his head back. He heard growling noises of Humans sounding Gate Destroyer like in the room as he gave Leader Lave a glare. 
Leader Lave he glared at spoke "Pardon me, Commander. I brought Terror with me seeing that he's needed here."
Terror focused onto the Telepath to see the Telepath's eyes widen seeing him, he speaking "Forgiveness, confess your crime. I'm the Forgiver."
 This was followed by the Telepath kneeling and blurting everything the male told him before in the garden with a firm voice tone. He again hearing the growling noises sounding in the room. Terror's senses blared warning behind him he figured that Justen was behind him hiding.
He spoke firmly "Leader Lave isn't there something you wish to confess to the Earthari as you call them?"
He glared at Leader Lave hearing silence in the room to find the male holding up a hand followed by seeing Sora appearing holding the Fishla's hand while hearing gasps sounding. He heard Leader Lave admit what he said regarding Sora and the Tennans. He again hearing growling sounds in the room. Terror clapped his hands forming a glare on his face while glaring at Renova and the Telepath back and forth. He found them both flinching from his glare as he heard the growling noises cease to his relief. 
Terror spoke loudly "I'm the Forgiver. Forgiveness do you want it? Confess your crime."
Terror continued to hear from Leader Lave in response to his words "It was a Gate Destroyer answering to the name of Justen. It was he who contacted me to talk to my people out of causing further destruction towards Earthari. My people didn't listen to him at first when contact was made. Instead they tortured him very terribly. He kept on maintaining his story of wanting to talk us Fishla out of extinction towards the Earthari. He kept on saying that Earthari had nothing to do with the Tennans and their destruction. I admit it that his talking on keeping his story the same ever despite his terrible torture was the only reason to convince us to leave you Earthari alive."
He heard silence in the room as Leader Lave continued speaking "The Soulers mysteriously got a hold of us Fishla actually. They pointed out that our females weren't really dead as thought. Instead our females had changed forms into what you call as angelic beings of light."
He heard Sora's singing to hear from the computer blaring "We communicate to people via singing method. Fishla's males can get it our words instantly. There's few Earthari that are blessed with the ability to get our words without translator help."
Terror found Sora fading from view spoke loudly "Justen you care to comment a response to what you heard?"
He heard gasps as he saw Justen walk into his eyesight displaying Human black eyes instead of a hidden status.
Justen spoke he hearing the computer translating his words "The Commandant despite his flaws of being a dictator sent me to the Fishla. He trusted me with his life to save the Humans. His loyalty towards the Humans changed when it was obvious the Fishla were doing genocide after the destruction of Terra. He sent me as simple as that. I did what I had to do to save the Humans. The Fishla awarded me the Leader title in response hence I going around like one."
Terror eyed Leader Lave in response to find the Fishla touching Justen on the shoulder in a peaceful way copying the Souler's gesture. His son he saw appeared to accept the hand's touch by allowing the hand to remain on the area. He didn't comment a response slowly walked out of the room finding himself not noticed leaving. Terror walked to the garden taking the back ways route to there to find the Tennans' familiar tree to resume sitting down in a crossed legged position. He sighed shutting his eyes to focus onto Justen he found was hidden walking in a hallway he tracked took a route to the garden. Terror discovered his son making a beeline towards where he was sitting. Terror opened his eyes once he sensed Justen coming nearer and nearer to find his son arriving into view. His son went up to him and halted once an arm length away to kneel in front of him. 
Terror eyed Justen who spoke "Father."
Terror exhaled from Justen's word to hear from the Queen sounding in an angry tone via her singing. 
He didn't comment a response as Justen gave him a glare followed by his son speaking "The explosion of pain that happened to the Queen was from her detecting an egg as their referred inside me. She tried to get me out to get the egg out in her panic. Her panicking resulted of getting off planet bound on Terra via a trapped status there, to another planet as a result. The Queen from what I know of her is furious with someone for this stunt. She has indicated via Tennan that it's not me she's furious with. So talk Father on what's she's talking about."
Terror inhaled and spoke firmly "Forgive me my son. I sort of taunted an egg to enter you before you were brought to be merged with the Queen on my orders to the Telepaths doing it. It was to destroy the Queen."
He heard nothing from the Queen in response to get a golden eyed glare from Justen. 
Terror kept talking "I favored an offspring a Human named Justice too much as a son. I didn't want to see Justice mindless speaking the words of any of the manoids merged into the Queen. I did what I could to get the Tennans to get my message that I didn't want Justice to be the male, as they refer the ones hooking up to the Queen. I wanted Justice out of this merging. I did what I could to get Justice out of the merging by having him sick with some poisoning status. It drove him insane from the poisoning. I was forced to kill him by my own hands. Forgive me for this my son."
He got a Tennan coming into view to kneel next to Justen the being speaking "Queen speaks she gets All Seeing One's feeling towards the one he favors. Queen speaks no merging with happen again with Humans. Queen speaks tired of the pain from this. Queen speaks prefer birthing eggs easy on the pain. Queen speaks All Seeing One will be the one who creates eggs when none left for her to birth. Queen speaks she will avoid computing the One, All Seeing One favors. Queen speaks there's a price tag on forgiveness towards All Seeing One. All Seeing One must be computed fine."
Terro recalled that the word fine by the Tennans was their speak "No arguments."
Terror spoke firmly towards the Tennan "The computer to compute me must always speak words of forgiveness before computing me fine."
He glared at the Tennan as he heard the Queen's joyful singing to hear from the Tennan "Queen speaks her agreement towards All Seeing One."
Terror shifted to eye Justen who gave him a golden eyed glare in response as he found the Tennan walking out of sight. 
He spoke towards Justen "I beg you for forgiveness my son."
Justen spoke he hearing "Tell me why I am always angry whenever I see the Tennans' eggs?"
He spoke firmly recalling Justice's anger from long ago "Your anger is from the eggs having the ability to inhibit Humans something you didn't like. You're always angry from seeing Humans sick from an egg inhibiting."
Terror clamped his mouth into a thin line while eyeing Justen to find another Tennan coming into view. The Tennan seen to gently placed a clawed hand onto Justen's shoulder in a peaceful gesture. Terror found Justen shutting his eyes and appearing to be willing himself to calm followed by opening his eyes showing Human black eyes. 
He sighed softly while eyeing Justen who appeared to be calm who spoke calmly "I forgive you, Father. I forgive the Tennans for the merging as they refer it. I accept their declaration of not having humans merging with their Queen. I won't target the Tennans in some violent way as long as they avoid having an egg inhibit me. I don't care for that. I care for the Queen to forgive me for causing her pains."
Terror heard from the Queen singing in a joyful tone to hear from the Tennan "Queen speaks she forgives. Queen speaks she learned her lesson. Queen speaks enough of manoids merging. Queen speaks too much pain, prefer something else for birthing."
He sighed softly to get up going towards Justen who got up to stand facing him. He reached out a hand and touched Justen onto the shoulder in a gentle squeeze move finding his son copying him. Terror sighed as he felt the Tennan hugging his leg with an arm. He seeing Justen not complaining in response from the being hugging their legs from below them. He sighed as Justen appeared to give him respects he saw in his son's eyes and face. 
Terror got from Justen "Just learn to forgive yourself, Father."
He frowned as Justen released his hold onto his shoulder as he did the same and watched his son turn hidden by black eyes of a Telepath seen followed by walking away. He resumed sitting down to grunt as memories spilled into his mind. Terror grunted from the egg felt within him restoring his memories he forgot. 
He recalled himself "I was on Terra hiding in a tree in a forest when something from above crashed near me. I didn't recognize the object but was in a tree to hide. I told by the Ancients that we were to hide from the Lower Ones as we referred them. I hid in the tree as the Lower Ones, Humans arrived to examine the crashed thing. 
I heard their words, I didn't understand at the time, they saying 'It's a satellite of unknown origin!'
I was shocked with what they said and their excited voice tones. I put my hand onto a tree branch only to feel pain of a bite. I discovered the bite was from a large spider. It was biting me for putting on my hand on top of it including pain from a bird a large eagle grabbing the animal and trying to eat it. The pain shocked me enough to crash out of the tree onto the ground in front of the Lower Ones. They managed to capture me and brought me to the hospital. I discovered later, via files in the hospital that the eagle wound up brought down by me along with the spider. I got caught by the Lower Ones and contained into their jail for it while sick with a medical malady."
Terror grimaced recalling further "One of the Ancients wearing a disguise of appearing to be a Lower One, got a hold of me contained to inject a syringe into me the cure to the plague. He was trying to draw my blood via syringe when he realized that I was cured of the plague, before collapsing in front of me, I grabbing him. 
I recalled hearing him mentally speak to me I didn't hear him say at first 'Help the Lower Ones survive for forgiveness Ancient One. The cure to the plague is in your blood. Just inject your blood to the Lower Ones.'"
Terror gasped of shock running through him as he realized "I'm the source of the plague that killed most of the Humans and created the three species as they are now."
He heard the Queen in response singing sad to get from a Tennan "Queen speaks All Seeing One should speak Patient Zero at Command Center towards Earthari. Ask for forgiveness from them."
Terror groaned and without a word went to the Command Center to find Renova inside.
He on arrival spoke "Patient Zero."
He got an electronic voice speaking "Voice pattern recognition file activated."
Terror frowned as a computer monitor in the wall flashed showing a male's face. He stiffened from recognition as the Ancient One in disguise that died in front of him after realizing he was cured of the plague.
The Ancient One spoke "Terror, as you're referred, seeing this message then it means that you have saved the Humans. You have nothing to do with the plague that started. It's I who's Patient Zero actually."
He heard gasps from the room to groan softly as the Ancient One continued talking "Patient Zero was me, who was exposed to the poison of an animal dubbed spider, when I tried to create an antidote to the poison that was running through you, Terror. I sort of used myself to create the antidote, only created the plague by accident in the process. I discovered that you were immune to the plague via tests. It's from another animal's poison getting into your bloodstream, I discovered belonged to an animal dubbed bald eagle by the Lower Ones. The bald eagle saved you actually. Hence I figured out too late that you were immune to the spider's poison."
Terror groaned softly as the Ancient One kept talking "The plague is running through me at the moment. It has already killed my staff at the hospital including other patients. I have managed to discover that you, Terror is immune to the plague. I plan to inject you with the cure to the poison within your system, once I finish this recording. I'm counting on you to save the Humans, even if it means using deadly force to do this. Just do what you can to save them from my mistake, I'm paying with my life."
He kneeled groaning loudly while feeling himself upset as the recording cut to rock his form back and forth. He kept up his groaning till a hand was felt touching his shoulder he quitting his rocking to find Renova was the hand's owner. 
Terror frowned staring at Renova who spoke "I'm sorry you're hurt from this."
He heard the Queen singing in a sad tone to groan hearing "T'La says how did you save the Human species if you were Doctor Ridgen Zianan as identified?"
He sighed from D'Clan's question spoke firmly recalling what he did "I discovered the plague was killing Humans, both Ancients and Lower Ones as we referred you Humans. I found Doctor Ridgen Zianan was the name of the Ancient One who passed away after injecting me with the antidote. I took his identity after I assumed I killed him."
He heard gasps to continue on talking "The Ancient before death admitted to me that he managed to convince a Captain Connor Elric to take the remaining Humans onto a sea vessel dubbed Agamemnon to sail onto the seas for sanctuary from the plague."
Terror again got gasps as he kept on talking "I did what the original Doctor Ridgen Zianan told me to do. Injected my blood into two men answering to the names of Connor Elric and Belgor Kang. Hence the creation of the species. The Gate Destroyers were created from me mating with a female Human just before she became sick. She birthed twin sons one was a Gate Destroyer. My son that got his name for destroying doors or gates used to contain him from his terrible rages. The other twin son turned out to be a Souler in question."
He paused to feel steel of a metal on his neck he figured thinking to himself "The Souler son turned out to be Gallee Zianan the one who Soulers revere. I recognized him as Long Lived One as referred by Sora."
Terror kept his mouth shut feeling the steel of the sword pressing into his neck.
Terror felt his mind scanned to realize "It's from a Souler mind scanning me. Doesn't want me to talk more on their origins. Hence their sword pressing into my neck from hidden status."
He resumed groaning loudly while bowing his head as he felt a hand touching his shoulder followed by feeling the sword remove itself from his neck. Terror sighed, recognizing the hand belonging to a Souler, from his senses cued towards the being gripping his shoulder in a gentle grip. He kept his mouth shut as he heard the Queen singing in a sad voice tone continued his groaning.
Terror heard in his mind "You are forgiven Ancient One. We Soulers request that you not to talk more on our origins towards the Lower Ones. Or we will take back our forgiveness towards you. If you wish to speak more on the subject seek us out at our place where we stay. We will grant you entry inside for a talk. We will allow you to freedom for this talk only once. Not again another time."
He sighed cutting off his groaning from hearing the Souler's words sounding in his mind to hear "Forgive yourself Ancient One. You saved the Lower Ones in response to a mistake of an Ancient One. Just give yourself forgiveness."
Terror shut his eyes while keeping his head bowed to feel a hand touching the top of his head. He sensed belonged to a Human gently rubbing the area. Terror didn't say a word in response kept himself still willing himself to forgive himself despite feeling furiously angry with himself. He felt his anger rising within him got up in a fast move after shaking off the hands while opening his eyes growling angrily. Terror found the egg inside him coming out giving him pain from the feeling to find the entity sailing into the air ducts above. 
He recalled as anger began rising through him "My anger is the only way of getting an egg to get out of me. The eggs don't care to compute manoids who are angry out of fears of computing them to be insane."
Terror gave up a roar and without another word ran out of the room running through the hallways. Terror feeling hands onto his shoulders from behind guiding him through the station. He felt himself guided up and down stairs he tracked to find himself going to the garden then once inside the forest felt the hands let go of him. Terror ran into the forest feeling his rage running through him. He ran all over the place including jumping up onto trees' branches then jumping down onto the ground not feeling pain from landing onto either. Terror kept up the running and jumping seemingly lengthy. He felt his anger going down to halt his running while near a familiar pond he kneeled onto the ground. Terror felt sadness taking control. Terror rocked his form groaning loudly as his eyes refused to water tears despite seeing that from Renova and other Humans. He kept on rocking his form while continuing on groaning loudly seemingly lengthy as the sunlight from above became dimmer and dimmer. He felt the familiar coldness feeling hitting him felt hands grabbing his shoulders followed by guided out of the garden he staring at the ground. Terror reached the station to hear a bang sound behind him he looked to find metallic doors in the garden's entrance blocking his way of seeing the forest. Terror groaned softly rubbing a hand onto his forehead as he felt the hands move till they were on his shoulder. He looked to find the hands' owner was Sora from the looks of her giving him a pleasant expression on her face displaying Human blue eyes. 
Terror sighed softly as Sora sang "You'll be alright Earthari. The pain will go away when you're ready for it to leave. I know where you can sleep so let me guide you to there."
He sighed as Sora faded from view he feeling her hand still on his shoulder to find her leading him to the Medical Bay towards a familiar patient room. She got him to lie down onto a cot and forced his eyes shut. He forced himself to sleep despite inclined not to sleep only to hear Sora's singing sounding familiar that sounded of the singing the Ancients would sing whenever putting the Lower Ones to sleep. Terror found himself lulled to sleep felt himself passing out unconscious.

Terror woke up from a dream gasping loudly to find the door to the patient room shut and Sora no where in sight. He sighed feeling her hand touching his shoulder then removed itself. Terror groaned softly recalling the dream fully in his mind. His dream he saw was of an alien planet looking more watery than having land on it. He dreamed of an object he recognized as the satellite the Humans on Terra said it was that was leaving the alien planet he tracked traveling past planets. Terror saw about seven planets the satellite passed by of various colors. He saw one red that was the alien planet's neighbor followed by one with a giant size and having a red dot despite having stripes of various yellow colors. Terror sighed from the dream to see the satellite leave the planets' vicinity by entering a field of asteroids traveling avoiding the rocks flying around. He continued to recall the dream showed the satellite traveling through the asteroid field to reach another planet's vicinity he recognized was the one where General Leroy had formed his lost colony base on. Terror continued to recall the dream further of the satellite traveling through the space. It reached Terra a planetary world that was nearly twin to the alien planet but had more land than a watery look. He recalled what happened next was the satellite as the Humans called it crashed into the planet in a forest where he was he darting into a tree to hide. 
Terror groaned softly as he again felt Sora's hand onto his shoulder to hear her singing "The satellite is contained in a cargo hold in the station. It was taken off Terra by General Leroy via ship. He always kept the satellite on hand out of obligations of it being responsible for the survivors using its technology to create off planet technology to reach the Three Sisters as they referred the ships orbiting Terra. You'll find the satellite contained in Cargo hold sixteen guarded by the Gate Destroyers. They seem to know of its importance hence they have a nest into the area just for guarding it from harm. They will allow you through for recognizing you as their creator but no one else other than Gate Destroyer or female of their leader including offsprings of him will be allowed through period."
He sighed and forced himself to get up groaning loudly to feel Sora's hand remained onto his shoulder. Terror walked out of the room going to the entrance to find Doctor Yong tossing him a bottle. 
The Doctor speaking once he caught it "Drink up. You'll faint if you don't take in the nourishment."
He obeyed to sip the drink's contents he recognized as what the Humans dubbed milk but in a thicker form and taste as he took a long time to take it down. 
He tossed the bottle back towards Doctor Yong who spoke "Good respects."
Terror sighed recognizing the Ancient One term for respecting an Ancient One from Lower Ones who were healers. Terror without a word guided by Sora hidden took a back ways route towards Cargo Bay sixteen. He finding two Gate Destroyers hidden at the entrance to the area a large round metallic door. He sighed feeling Sora's hand off his shoulder followed by feeling a gentle push movement. Terror walked up towards the door finding the two Gate Destroyers opening it and allowing him inside. Terror went inside the Cargo Bay finding his son Patrick sleeping on a cot he finding various Gate Destroyers sleeping on cots some awake looking at his direction giving twin salutes the Souler gave him. 
Terror found Justen getting up from a cot going up towards him and speaking "Come with me."
He obeyed to follow Justen further into the Cargo Bay finding it was a large room seemingly vast in size as he heard the Queen's singing in a loud joyful tone.
Terror figured to himself "Must be where the Queen is contained at the moment. Hence Humans near her without an egg can hear her like I can."
He kept on hearing the joyful singing from the Queen in response.
Justen led him to a hole in a wall and spoke "Go through now. Tennans said you're allowed to go through. We're just to keep anyone without their permission out."
Terror frowned but obeyed to go through the hole discovering a cave entrance to continue on hearing the Queen's joyful singing. He walked in the cave to find it ended in a large cavern. He spotted the Queen standing towering in the darkness of the cavern despite using night vision fully within him. Terror looked around hearing the Queen's joyful singing. Terror spotted down below the cliff he was standing on was a large metallic shiny object he recognized with a start was the satellite the Queen was standing next to it while still singing away. Terror found an egg flying up from the Queen reaching him level with him to hiss its familiar words of forgiveness towards him. He sighed to grit his teeth as the egg entered him he gasping of feeling pleasure instead of pain this time to his shock.
Terror heard "Welcome All Seeing One. Focus your All Seeing One powers onto the satellite as the Humans call it and see its design fully."
He sighed from the voice sounded of the Queen he recalling fully "Those humans in her presence with an egg inside them computing can hear her talking to them."
He kneeled in response and shut his eyes to focus his ability onto the satellite to find the thing seen as clear as day to focus onto a panel as if drawn. Terror gasped of shock seeing the panel was a drawing of Humans male and female one seen pointing towards a drawing of planets he recognized came from the alien planet.
Terror heard from the Queen in response to his gasping "Focus onto the path the satellite took from its home. See who they are actually."
He obeyed recalling his dream focused onto the satellite's path to find it led to an alien planet he focused onto one of the brownness he figured "Its land."
Terror looked with shock gasping loudly as he saw numerous Humans walking in a city all over the place. Some he saw had looks of the Ancients by their blue eyes matching the Soulers' color but this time in a Human form. 
He exhaled a breath to think to himself knowing the Queen could hear him "The Ancients live on in this alien planet alive with their children populating it."
Terror got from the Queen in response "Look for the name of the planet and the land's name."
He obeyed to look for both despite finding the Humans were walking in a vast city he figured it was he finding the name was as called by them 'New York City.' 
Terror continued to eye the city till he felt drawn to someplace else in the land. He obeyed to the compulsion. Terror saw with shock an object appearing to be some kind of space ship going into the sky with a familiar flag design on it. He stiffened seeing the stars and striped flag of the United States Terra's official name despite referred as Terra. He eyed the flag to find it had more stars than one star surrounded by rays of sunlight as the Terra's native flag. 
Terror heard "Godspeed!"
He frowned hearing the word for it sounded odd to him to find the thing was a vessel holding manoids of orange inside as it flew into the air towards space. 
He focused onto the land to find it referred by the name of 'Florida.' 
Terror watched with fascination as the space ship he figured it was reached orbiting of the planet. This was followed by the orange figures removing their clothes he finding Humans with signs of the Ancients floating around inside the vessel. 
He heard from the Queen "Now focus elsewhere onto the land where the vessel came from. Find its name now."
Terror obeyed to find the name to his shock 'United States of America.' 
He gasped finding the name to realize with a start "The Ancients traveled from Terra in safety from the plague. They found this alien planet and settled it populating it with Humans and their children."
Terror heard from the Queen in response to his thought "Focus elsewhere."
He obeyed hearing the edge in her voice tone to focus onto other lands and nations as their referred in the planet. Terror stiffened recognizing the Ancients' creations that looked very old from the looks of them. Terror jerked open his eyes to stiffen with shock running through him.
He thought "The Ancients traveled to this planet too many years ago before the plague hit. They populated it leaving traces of their work including traces of themselves via their eyes seeing in the Humans on the planet. The Ancients live on in their children in that planet they keeping their creations alive while appearing to be primitive in space technology. One day they will be advanced in space technology and will find us like their satellite found us on Terra."
He heard from the Queen sounding disappointed to his confusion "Your visit is over with. Be gone."
Terror obeyed to walk out of the cavern to the cave taking it to the Cargo Bay finding Justen standing nearby with arms folded who spoke "You've seen what the Queen wanted you to see, Ancient One, via images she gives to the visitors."
He stiffened from Justen's words to hear from the Queen sounding in his mind "Terra is the Humans' planet that you saw actually. Its change was a result of the natives the Ancients altering the planet to suit their purposes. I know that the Humans thought the satellite was alien in design. It was actually the Ancients who created the satellite. It traveled through the galaxy in a circle in a lengthy time period of over two thousand years before arriving back to Terra. You, Ancients have forgotten yourself and forgotten your origins of Terra, I reminding you of that."
Terror exhaled a breath hearing that from the Queen to focus onto Justen who spoke "The Queen admits via Tennan that she can access the computers in that satellite as it's dubbed. She can recall its information enough to figure out what you need to see via helping you remember what it is. The memories of the Ancients of the past according to her, are buried deep within the minds of those very long lived including yourself as well."
He exhaled another breath after inhaling to hear from Justen again "The Queen is reminding those very long lived, that the way of accessing those memories of the Ancients of the past, is always inside them. It's always accessible if they care to focus their minds onto the Ancient's memories. They care to see what they need to see. I saw this from your expression that the Queen showed you how. She showed me how too. I remember everything fully enough to figure out how to access what the Ancients left in my mind. It's for the future to use for the survival of the Human race now dubbed Earthari."
He got from Justen adding "We are now the Earthari as dubbed by the Fishla. Earthari is what we will be referred."
Terror didn't say a word in response while hearing from the Queen "Forgive yourself, Ancient One. You, Ancients, are living on within the minds of the Humans aka Earthari, the Kangs, the Elrics, the Gate Destroyers and your children, the Soulers. It's their last gift they gave you Lower Ones, before they died out, leaving you, as the last of them, to make sure this gift, gets recognized."
Terror focused onto Justen feeling the egg within him get out of his body by giving him a familiar feeling of pleasure. Terror sighed from the entity's leaving to find the entity flying away into the cave's entrance. 
He sighed eyeing Justen who spoke "I know what your feeling, Father. The older the egg, the less feelings of pain you'll feel from the entity inhibiting inside you. Newborns always cause pain, whenever they gain entrance inside humanoids. Didn't you forget that, Father?"
He spoke hearing Justen's words sounded firm "I forgot about that, my son. Forgive me my Queen, for forgetting that."
Terror heard the Queen singing in a joyful tone to get Justen speaking "Come with me."
Terror obeyed to follow Justen towards the entrance of the room finding various Gate Destroyers awake and looking concerned. He recognized one he saw was Lisana going up towards his son to place a hand onto the male's shoulder. 
He sighed seeing Justen doing the same towards Lisana his son speaking "I put aside my anger towards you punching Diana. You have my forgiveness."
Terror sighed again as Lisana without a word let go of Justen to go towards a cot to where he spotted Diana. She holding a baby in a blanket, from the looks of her sitting, followed by seeing the female getting up. 
He heard Lisana speaking "Forgiveness Diana for punching you. Your screaming when you screamed was felt vibrating within my skull. I did the punching to shut you up."
Terror eyed Diana who spoke "I'm fine with your words Lisana. Please forgive me for not admitting at first, that I was able to understand what you Gate Destroyers were saying. Also forgive me for forgetting that my screams could make manoids feel it via their skulls, hence you having this problem."
He found Lisana without a word placed a hand onto Diana's shoulder finding Diana copying her to do the same towards Lisana's shoulder as Justen came into view of both females. He eyed Justen who placed hand onto the shoulder of Diana in a gently move to find Gate Destroyers around them gathered in a circle around the three putting hands towards them in a salute move. Terror silently walked out of the room finding the Gate Destroyer at the entrance, Patrick opening the door and gently without a word gave him a Souler's familiar salute. He sighed and walked out taking a route to the garden to find the metal gated door still closed while hearing faint sounds of thunder and lightening from it. Terror sighed and went to the Command Center to find Renova not in the room. Not very many Humans around and spotted the kids not in sight. He went to a chair and sat leaning back shutting his eyes sensing himself tired only to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder. 
Terror looked finding the hand's owner was Sora who sang hearing the computer translate her words "Go to where you had sanctuary from a female for rest now."
He obeyed to recall the route to Renova's quarters to ring the doorbell hearing her speaking "Enter."
Terror obeyed to get inside finding her seated on a stool wearing a piece of clothing that made him think it involved pajama wear while seeing her eating from a plate. He felt himself terribly hungry found her jabbing a fork in a direction towards the kitchen unit's counter.
She speaking "You'll find your plate there."
Terror obeyed to sit onto the stool next to Renova and gobbled up the food in a fast move while using the fork. He sighed once done cleaning the plate of nourishment. Terror found a cup for him to drink by her jabbing a fork in the direction, after he put the plate down onto the counter. He took the cup and drank its liquid in a fast move feeling himself terribly thirsty. Terror sighed and went to sit down onto the couch to find the familiar eggs coming out with a hiss sound.
Terror hearing them hisses out "Let's play."
He found the eggs doing a ramming bumping move all over the place ignoring him despite getting onto his lap repeatedly. Terror kept putting his arms in the way on his body and kept them there as a message towards the eggs to stay out of him. He heard Renova's familiar laughter as she paused from her eating followed by resuming eating after he gave her a glare. 
Terror spoke "I'm the Forgiver. Confess your crime."
He found Renova shaking her head in a no gesture from pausing from eating. Terror kept the glare as Renova ate her food followed by gulping her drink then watched as she put away the dishes into a machine. 
He frowned as she spoke once eyeing him back "My confession is the bed for sleeping with me is only for mating issues or if either one of us is sick. Sorry it's a habit I've taken towards males staying with me in my quarters since I was assigned this position."
Terror sighed and didn't comment a response leaned back shutting his eyes to hear her manipulate the sliding doors leading to the bedroom shut. He opened his eyes when he heard a familiar groaning noise of a Tennan sounding in pain to peer using his ability over the couch he not using his eyes. He focused onto the Tennan as if needing to do it, a higher drone form from the Humanoid shape, to see its form indicate of looking bloated, fat, instead of rail thin to him. Terror frowned as the Tennan's form burst apart showing a female Human with markings of a Gate Destroyer on her form while clad in the familiar clothes of a Gate Destroyer. He sighed recognizing the danger had passed got up going towards the Gate Destroyer to place a hand onto her shoulder shaking her. Terror waited as the female acknowledged him while giving him a Human black eyed look of pleading. Terror saw he recognized from Justice giving him that look after being born. 
He spoke recalling the look was wanting a name spoken by him "Tara."
Terror found Tara giving him an Ancient head gesture before getting up and saw her out of the quarters. A Tennan drone pet he saw wound up getting in front of Tara, gesturing with her head to follow. He resumed going to the couch finding Renova hadn't come out of her bedroom to see what the noises was about to his confusion. Terror found an egg coming out of the couch besides him. He put arms blocking his stomach while giving the entity a glare. 
He heard in response "Go to sleep, Ancient One. You need the rest. The Queen speaks no computing All Seeing One this time. You earned your rest from us computers this time."
Terror didn't say a word in response to the egg's hissing words leaned back onto the couch and shut his eyes while putting his hands onto his thighs. 
He felt the egg getting onto his lap to hear a soft snoring sound from the entity to sigh recalling "The eggs like sleeping on Humans' legs and laps whenever they get the chance to do it. They despise sleeping inside manoids."
Terror sighed again finding the egg remained onto his lap. He recalled the Queen getting him to see the Humans' planet Terra via the past. Terror focused his eyes onto Terra within his mind to see fully in his mind of the planet appearing to be a dead world. Terror groaned softly as he eyed a spot on the planet as if drawn. He recalling the spot was the highest mountain dubbed Everest. He focused onto Everest's top as if drawn to find a tree already growing there looking healthy full of life despite the desolate waste of black dirt indicating fire consumed the planet. 
Terror sighed feeling relief hitting him as he thought "Terra will adapt and grow again. I should have realized whenever the fire destroys nature, she will adapt once the time arrived to grow again with or without the help of the Humans."
He smiled feeling himself happy to that to continue on sleeping while letting his mind dreaming of Terra from the past and his memories of his time living there.

End Terror's Story
