


    The Birthing Of Worlds










Table of Contents
1. The Sea
2. The Land
3. Division
4. The Alukai
5. Undu'ari Lost
6. A Glimpse of Power
7. A living Relic
8. A Desolate Place
9. Foresight
10. Growth
11. A Problem
12. Playing Shadow
13. Effort
14. The Cold
15. Chance
16. What is a God?







Chapter One: The Sea
Space had long existed in silence. Empty, dark, and lonely could have been simple descriptions of the wide collection of floating compacted minerals that held their endless motions for incomprehensible time. It was so from the beginning that none knew and continued to be so, until by chance the first bit of change came to be. It was the first thing that dared grow its own on a barren wounded rock in the waves of nothing. Neither the largest piece of stone in existence, nor the smallest. This massive sphere became home to something of motion by its own will. Though it was still very little by any regard. So little that it would seem to not exist at all to any that gazed upon it. In fact the only proof that it was ever there is attributed to the change in atmosphere, growth patterns, and beings found of similar size.  One could speculate that some combination of the varying dusts and bits spewn free from the collisions of giant planets had over an immeasurable amount of time and sheer chance, created the proper lottery of conditions needed for the change that ensued. Whether this be the reason or not, one could also speculate that there was much more to come. For whatever reason it came to be.
It would be foolish to try to map the placement of this rock among an infinite graph without using the surrounding formations floating free of their own. This is something that bears no relativity as of yet in this early dawn of life. Here and now, to the first greens and bacterial growth of this place, there was only the face of the rock which had begun to bear a fierce wind and the light of the burning new formed star above. In this early place, The green of the earth and the blue of the sea were mother to two separate worlds of their own. Each developed slowly, a strange space so different from the rest of the universe. So much so that it could be said that the attention could be felt as if its strange progress was observed. It took many cycles of revolution for much to change. Revolution that could only make its place known by the differing cold and heat that swept the land in accordance with its changing distance from a heated giant. The small changes continuing in disregard to the seemingly unforgiving elements.
 It was after many more eons than any cared to remember that this world had finally changed enough to rival the seeming lives and tragedies of the space that had born it unto itself. For though the land had grown quite green with the rise of many forms of plant that continued to develop and nurse itself a home. The real interest of this place lied in the depths beneath the face of a liquid that with the heat of the sun had melted its way here. Cast from faraway ice fragments, digging deep holes in the earth through a multiple battery of above that had since ceased through depletion in the former years, but not before nearly drowning the land itself in its wake.
 There in the depths of this forming ocean, had grown many variety of creature that motioned itself through the waters by means of appendages that had mutated out of necessity through time. For you see, once small odd anomalies of chemical proportion, these creatures had changed to become very large in comparison and no longer resembled their humble origins. They had developed many things, a structure from which held the mysterious internal workings, propelling their self-movement, and a stretch of a membranous covering that held such within, a living container. Though all these beings held the same basic form in common, their similarities upon outside appearance were somewhat baffling in diversity. Some having many limbs or none at all and many having unusual textures of outer skin not akin to each other. 
Of these creatures, the most interesting had developed four limbs. Long and slender in form, they were connected to a body similar in size to the four compacted. Each limb ending in a cleft shape that held at its end five smaller appendages connected by thin membrane in effort to provide as resistance for motion. Atop the highest center of all this a spherical shape had formed in which nature had carved a grim opening of marbled spikes meant for consuming that which provided the necessary fuel to a body that seemingly of its own accord had the need to continue motion. This being drew in and expelled outward the liquid of its surroundings, deriving a necessary element of sustenance from its solution. With two orbs set deep into its head, it had developed a way of observing its surroundings in such that it could react to them. 
Many other creatures worked much like this one did, but this one had on its own diverged away from the similar path that they held and for some reason became much more unique in its abilities and workings. It unlike the others who seemed to live and move entirely based on their need to sustain, had developed a way of perceiving and reacting that was not always in line with the most basic of desires. Its own wonder seeming to be a drive for advancement in itself.
 For many years, the beings of this place had fed upon the unusual variety of green growth beneath the sea that in ways mirrored the green still forming above its surface. As these creatures grew in size however, it became apparent that this was not enough to sustain their constantly developing form. Of course these beings had finite existences. After a certain number of revolutions of the rock on which they dwelt, something within them would fail to function and they grew still. Never to move again. 
As their former structure began to decay and crumble, some of its brethren found it could salvage its nutrients by way of consuming its body. Perhaps it is this adjusted taste that led to what happened next, but In an effort for sheer survival born of desperation, one of these creatures consumed another that was still living. The first to end a life before its time. Much much later in time this simple action would become a cause for debate and argue, however here in this primitive new forming world, this action was just nature pressing forward at a end that none of us may know.
 Unintentionally, the concentrated nutrients from this method of consumption began to accelerate the evolution in creatures. They changed in different ways in accordance with their needs, strengths, and weaknesses dependent of the now growing number of species. Most remained much the same, unchanging in mind and structure in lieu of becoming more capable of killing or evading as the race for survival among flesh eating sorts began to accelerate. The four limbed sea creatures stood alone in that they neither developed camouflage or more deadly physical traits. Whatever force it was driving their adaptation, it coursed them to develop a sharper more creative set of reactions to its environment. Strategy became a very effective tool in a fight against creatures of blind impulse. As they began to become more skilled, they too advanced more rapidly than many species. However brute strength was also a veritable asset and some of the creatures had become so quick of movement and powerful of bite, that strategy would not be enough for many of the four limbed. 
After some time, their numbers diminished, however their growth was still motioning forward in their minds. It was not long before their creativity, fear, and interest, drove them to look up. No creature before had tried to breach the surface of their liquid containment. They found they could not breathe beyond the surface, though they could still resist the need for short periods and stay to some of the shallows where the true monsters of the deep could not reach. So began the game of evasion that lasted for perhaps thousands of years as the growth continued. 
Some of the four limbed found that near certain bits of land, overhung fruit trees which their curiosity and hunger drove them to try. Maybe because of the crave for advancement, skills and discoveries tended to transfer from one being to observers. With the safety of the shallows and new found interest in the food that may be on the developing land above, constant adaptation developed a better ability to refrain from the waters than other beings who lacked the body form, mind, and appendages that aided in their endeavors. Time is a very long, seemingly endless thing. With it and change, truth may become very strange.
 It had been nearly four-hundred and fifty trillion years by the planets cycle at this point. A very remarkable thing came to be. The four limbs had already begun to make short journeys outside of the water they were birthed in and molded by, however restricted by their still developing ability to breathe on shore. Now though, for the very first time, one of the four limbs rose from the sea to search upon the land and did not return.













Chapter Two: The Land
A lot had changed on the surface land during the time the water had been developing its own world. It was no longer the desolate place it was many years ago when life first began to exist here. An atmosphere had formed from the green life that had grown. Contrary to the moving creatures, the plants stood still. They fed from the chemical sky and earth. In this process they released changed elements into the air which happened to be suitable to aid the substantiation of other life forms. 
At some point of time during the development of this atmosphere and plants here, another growth of moving beings began to form on the land as well. They were different from the beings of the sea, having needed different adaptations to survive. They did bear certain similarities, as certain needs were necessary regardless of terrain. All creatures of this land had also developed eyes to see with and varying types of mouths with which to feed. The land creatures however seemed to be separated into two varieties. Those that used their appendages to move by balancing from one to another as they moved forward. Some having four that they stood upon, and much rarer and also found in the second type, were those who used two for motion. Only one creature had no appendages, but this bears little relevancy. Some of the second type had adapted entirely separate from the first species although having come from their earlier ancestors. They had adapted in the direction of evasion instead of strength and had light frail structures. They used their upper appendages that were mostly thin membrane, to manipulate the air around them much like the creatures of the sea used their webbing to gain motion. Thus these creatures could loft high above the land itself and move through the air. The four legged except for a few types, had outer membrane covered in thick patterns of small platelets and all except the smallest of them had adapted to consume mostly the other moving beings as source of sustenance. 
The fliers were mostly devoid of the platelets, likely due to weight, though a small variety had developed lightweight tufts of airy material surrounding them to aid in their propulsion. Oddly similar in mind to the four-limbed of the sea, there was one species of platelet beast that moved on two limbs with its other two held by its side. This creature however was much larger than the thinker of the sea and also much more ferocious, primarily hunting for subsistence instead of salvaging.
 The land was much different than the sea and far more fraught with dangers. The sea itself being one of them, sometimes casting enormous waves at the lands edges. Not being from the sea or having much interest in it, few of the land creatures could move through it without becoming victim to its depths.
 With the change in atmosphere and the heat of the sun, an odd thing began to happen and the waters of the sea would rise, becoming one with the air and fall again from collective pieces of mist that would block out the sun. Over time, this process grew in might, giving way to fierce winds and long periods of falling water, coupled by bursts of light that would burn and set heat to anything of the land it touched. Some of these mighty deluges were strong enough to kill large numbers of creatures and so, many learned to predict and flee from the catastrophe.
 Sometimes the earth itself would rumble, an indication of the very ground itself moving. Cracks would form in some areas, breathing hot embers and dark smoke into the sky and spilling forth a deathly glowing liquid that destroyed all that got near. Despite these hardships and the scars they left on life and the land, many creatures survived both by adaptation and fortune. However along with these calamities and the shrinking populace of some of the species, food for those who consumed flesh became more scarce.
 Many times the growing strength of some of the creatures was enough to baulk their predators. In times as these, it was no longer easy for the larger beasts to feed, so through slow adaptation, they shrunk in stature. Many species did not last for the varying reasons of dangers, shortage of prey, and in the case of scavengers, shortage of plant subsistence when the planets cycles brought the harsh cold. The cold also being an adaptation to contend with, caused many of the surface dwellers to shed their platelets and grow thick patches of fibers from their skin to hold heat. 
Sometime roughly four-hundred trillion years by the planets cycles, from first life on the space rock, there stood a few defined species. The two and four limb walking platelet bearers, the flying limbed creatures, the four limbed fiber beasts of flesh and plant consumption, the three limbed swimmers of the sea, the limbless plated movers of land and sea, and the four limbed sea thinkers who had yet to surface. At this point, most of the features and abilities of these varied creatures had set themselves, only to be further refined as adaptation dictated.
 Over the course of more years still, all of the flesh eating giants of land had perished. Only much smaller species of flesh eaters still existed, except for the sea, which not restricted by the misfortunes of land, was still home to tremendous beasts capable of swallowing thousands of creatures in single passes. Much like the developing pattern of those in the sea, the land creatures again separated themselves among the instinct driven, and the clever responders. The land variety of which, being the much shrunken two limbed platelet beasts, who had well adapted to their environment and used their wit to both hunt prey and scour for edible plant.
 Of course many of plant had adapted as well, some bearing their own dangers. Two types in particular, the variety that when consumed, destroyed the consumers body from the inside, and the much rarer variety that when touched, recoiled to ensnare and digest the victim. The first type became a large setback to many of creatures and dwindled their numbers as their adaptations struggled to develop methods of detecting or deterring themselves from falling victim. Very logically, the weaker and less successfully adapted of any line of creature, were the first to die. In such this in itself aided the speed of adaptation as only the strong, clever, and well featured continued to exist, with a select few who were simply fortunate or well protected by their geographical location. 
As such, many creatures began to rest in shelters during the night and times of storm. Some learned to fashion their own from various things found, and some dwelt in whatever naturally existing formation they could find. This being either conveniently shaped vegetation growth or openings and overhangs of the many towering rocks that existed on the land, for it was quite mountainous. Generally the rock homes were lent to the upright moving platelet thinkers and the fiber beasts. Often the two would fight over which kept occupancy, both species tending to stick to their own. 
Maybe it was more adaptation as strength did in fact come in numbers, but many species had the tendency to rest and eat with their own kind. Perhaps due to the violent nature of the system of subsistence, it was extremely rare for alliances to form outside of species. The upright moving platelet thinkers had become rather dominant in this land mostly void of greater predators as their ingenuity increased. Even more so with itself as greater skill led to larger and more various amounts of food, which through aid of excess chemistry allotted faster development.
 They were the first to develop the use of their surrounding items to aid their activities, most creatures entirely relying on their bodies natural adaptations. Also, they were the only ones to use items on their land besides the costal dwellers who never learned more than using stones to break the armored outside of some of their prey to get to their nutritious bodies within. This starts a line of inequality among beings that would never be matched. The upright walking platelet thinkers later become known as THE ALUKAI. 

















Chapter Three: Division


It is not known what became of the first four legged one to stray from the sea, for he wondered far into the reaches of the land never to return to his people. It was some time before any others took to the land. Once a few did, many did follow. Most of them holding to old behavior and fear from the vast new territory that was inspired by what new dangers they had found, stayed together as a group. Some of the beings refused to stay out of the sea as the others did. Perhaps too comfortable with the habits they had formed. They remained in the sea for the most part, adapting at this point separate from the rest of their race. The constant living beneath and just above the surface molded them in a much different way over time. 
As for the beings who took to the land, they had much to learn. Though their numbers had become vast, unhindered by the troubled surface until now, Its dangers on this species new to the land soon caught up with them. Many lives were claimed in the following years as they fumbled to adapt, not given the time to grow with the elements as the natives of the land had. However their progress of mind and their already developed use of some tools, lended a great hand to their survival. Had a more savage species come from the water, it would not have survived. 
Though there was great difficulty in enduring the extreme weather and threats of the land. Once again the need for sustenance was becoming a great threat to them. They needed to become better predators, and they needed to avoid becoming prey. Fortunately, the land had changed much over the years and beasts were not the fierce behemoths they once were. The largest now was one of long tusks and big ears that stood as high as three of the four legged thinkers. This creature however was the largest vegetation eater of the land and bore no threat. The fiercest was one who walked on all fours, had long sharp teeth, deathly sharp claws, could move silently, and held the strength of many of the four legged thinkers. However on all fours it was smaller in size. The four legged thinkers regularly feared attack by these beasts of the long tooth, for they became an easy prey for them, not being able to run very fast and sleeping at night when the beasts hunted. 
Though their numbers still diminished, their speed of adaptation did not. In the coming years, the strongest and smartest would remain. No longer held to the water their webbed appendages would separate into five individual ones. This gave them a much better ability to grasp, and so their use of tools increased. They had learned at some point, that the sharpest sticks were the best defense and could kill even the long toothed if used well. So they slowly became better hunters. Standing taller than the long toothed and slowly adapting new strength, they became the dominant species. They would later call themselves THE UNDU'ARI. 
Advancement growing ever steady in them, the Undu'ari became skilled at building their own shelters. These were small stacks of sticks covered in mud that dried in the sun. They usually built them in triangular fashion, slowly becoming better and weaving them so they did not collapse so easily. It took quite some time, but their weapons improved too with their knowledge of the use of vine as cord. Rocks could now be fashioned to sticks as better spears, or rough smashers.
 Due to the dangers and different short strategies they used, also likely due to some quarreling among them, they developed some signals with hand motion and grunt to communicate among each other. This communication over time would strengthen yet into a type of constantly growing simple language that would add to itself when need is found. The minds of the Undu'ari were incredibly fast growing and with them, their resourcefulness. They began to create forms of agreed rules amongst themselves with certain prescribed punishments for breakers of them. Most importantly the rule against killing another Undu'ari, which ironically was punished by death. 
Now has been six-hundred fifty-four trillion cycles of this planet since life began, though longer than anyone knows. The Undu'ari had developed a sense of time based on nights turning to day, and when the shuddering cold came to the land and broke to hotter days. The pattern was easily noticeable and so they started count. At some point one of the Undu'ari had spoken that time should be added to their reckoning as they had existed before the thought was brought to attention, but none could figure how long. So added the days of their fathers and the ones before them as the beginning, the Undu'ari figured the dawn of their race as thirteen-thousand five hundred and thirty one cycles before this point. 
The average Undu'ari held a life span of five-thousand cycles. One of these cycles lasting a total of 655 moons. Much longer than the earliest of their race before their memory began, who would have held a span of only nine-hundred cycles. This long lifespan allotted for much room for improvement during the days of a single Undu'ari. It also seemed fortunate for their population against the constant death the surrounding world brought them. 
The Undu'ari's constantly growing minds lended hand to their high placement above all predators of the land due to their advanced traps and weaponry. They also began to lend hand to their abstract wondering. The Undu'ari began to question their origins and placement in this world. Such to the point that by fourteen-thousand of their reckoned cycles, they had developed many strange practices they believed affected the world around them and would bring them answers.
 Attributing certain qualities to items and the things around them based on the patterns they noticed, such as shells were found only near the sea or the long toothed were creatures of death, they began to collect items and gather them together. Sometimes they would burn them or speak into the air with desire hoping they could affect the world. It is not known what force they believed they were calling, or even if they believed there was a force in the beginning at all. At some point their oral history began to dictate that a god called Shaitan was believed to have created them and held dominion over the seemingly chaotic forces that existed in their world.
 With the idea of this god came ideas of offerings to him and rituals in his name. The Undu'ari began to not only use items and chants in their practice both in reverence of Shaitan and the hopeful affecting of the world, but many of them began to practice sitting still and trying to use simply their will without other practice to incite change in themselves and their surroundings.
 At some point many of their race began to question the very practices they were being taught. They started to fear and shun the other Undu'ari and their ways. These others believed that the ritual Undu'ari would bring misfortune and evil upon them. Some even spoke of dead Undu'ari returning to harm them. This caused much upheaval among the Undu'ari people and so they began to quarrel amongst each other. It was not until cycle sixteen-thousand four hundred, that everything changed.
 One Undu'ari had started a fight with his brother for practicing his rituals in disagreeance to him. They argued fiercely and soon became the center of the village’s attention with many onlookers of both beliefs shouting their own sides. The fight escalated and one brother struck the other dead with a stone. Horror and silence befell all the Undu'ari people. Not since the earliest of their times had the death of one of them occurred at the hands of another. Immediately many of the Undu'ari rushed to grab the killer, shouting of the penalty demanded for such a crime. It was then that others stepped in to meet them, while blocking their way to the killer. They proclaimed that it was their witchcraft that brought this tragedy upon them, that their god Shaitan was an evil spirit who had possessed the young Undu'ari, making him strike his brother in hatred. They went on to say that had the others heeded their warnings, this would have never came to be and that the others should renounce their traditions before they bring more misfortune upon them.
 This of course caused great upheaval among the traditional Undu'ari who countered that only their blindness could bring such hate into their tribe. They said that the ones who abstain from faith are not observed by Shaitan and therefore not true Undu'ari. The roaring fight intensified as both sides refused to move from their stance. Realizing that no agreeance would be made and that this path would only lead to more death among their people, a single Undu'ari shouted to silence the rest. Speaking out for them all, he claimed the notion that both Undu'ari should separate ways before the only ground they agree on, the original laws become ashes. 
There was silence, as for thousands of years; no Undu'ari had ever lived outside the tribe except for the banished. He went on to say that there were enough in numbers that both sides would be able to survive, they were not the feeble race they once were, but there could be no living in such disagreeance. The other Undu'ari spoke amongst themselves for some time and then one stepped forward from the non-ritual group. They said that they agreed with the statement and hoped that the followers of Shaitan would renounce their ways before their evil destroys them. They also said that the followers of Shaitan could keep their home land as it was probably also cursed. Then as a group, they turned and walked away from their brethren to form a new village in the distant hills far from their home.
 The ritual Undu'ari watched in silence as their kin left their lands. Some of them began to question what could bring such darkness into their once simple and peaceful lives. There were even a few among them who questioning their beliefs, left to join the non-rituals. For the rest, this dishevel only strengthened their conviction and so deeper into their practice they delved. It became a stronger part of their culture as a tribe. Over the years their practices changed, less importance was placed into items, but still they revered their god Shaitan as their creator. Eventually their founded religion began to take on its own codes and stories as these Undu'ari reveled in their practice. 
Among the new beliefs, the followers of Shaitan wished to become like the image of their god. They began to believe that if they the Undu'ari behaved as gods in life, perhaps they too could be gods in death, free from this harsh world. Ever absorbed in their spiritual practices, these Undu'ari kept to their faith, never seeing of those who had deserted them over the quarrel that had happened so long ago.
Sometimes those who dwelt in the sea were claimed to be seen by the Undu'ari. They were now known as THE ENDULIL. They had changed much over the time lapsed between whence the first Undu'ari left from the sea, where they remained. They unlike the Undu'ari with their now smooth and pale skin, had developed a greenish tint and scales much as the other creatures of the sea. From their heads, sprouted three rows of spikes connected with web, possibly a swimming adaptation. Besides their general shape and the language that they spoke, the only thing of appearance they now had in common with the Undu'ari was their large black eyes. They had developed strange ways as well, even stranger than the rituals of the Undu'ari. They had once told an Undu'ari that they had now constructed homes of great stone beneath the waves in which they dwelt, free from worry of the unimaginably large monsters that dwarfed them.
 Many years after the splitting of the ritual and non-ritual Undu'ari, one Undu'ari had claimed he had spoken with one of the Endulil at the banks of the sea. He said the Endulil had recounted he had seen a large group of the Undu'ari race floating upon the waves in a container crafted from trees. The Endulil said he dared not follow, for they passed the black trench, a place home to sea beasts that struck fear in the hearts of all who knew them. 
Many a Undu'ari wondered upon this tale, curious of the fate of their lost brethren. Many claimed that there were no other lands beyond the sea, that their blindness had driven them to the monsters or some other unimaginable fate at the edge of the world. Eventually though, this excitement faded and the tale of the non-rituals became part of their legend.




Chapter Four: The Alukai
It was now cycle sixteen thousand five-hundred and forty by the Undu'ari measure. Here though in the tribes of the Alukai, this system had not been applied. They had not bothered to make nor considered any scale of time useful as they were primarily future bound creatures who did not dwell on the past or their fallen. They only made note of the change of temperature upon the land as it affected their prey. 
As many of the creatures of the land, the Alukai had changed with the passing time. They now still resembled their very large and hostile ancestors of old, though much smaller. They had retained their platelet like skin that resembled that of the Endulil, though none of the plates overlapped. Their five digited hands ended in short but sharp claws. Their spines lined with a single row of spikes that led to a medium length protruding tail. They had wide yellow eyes speckled with black and had two layers of membrane as shield for them. One layer was solid as most creatures had, to block light and function otherwise, but they also had a translucent layer that allowed them to keep their eyes open even in the sandstorms of the west. 
The Alukai had now developed a sort of order among its people. Once per cycle, when the frost broke to sun. There was a contest of strength held to determine the strongest of the Alukai. The contest was done by means of a practice known as "mai'toth". This was performed by the current champion of the Alukai and any who dared challenge him. The contenders would stand upon a group of various sized stones spaced apart from each other. Into the space between these stones, was poured the embers of their fires, making falling quite painful but not deadly to their thick hides. They would by means of bare hand (or if chosen and agreed, a short staff weapon equal to their height) attempt to throw one another into the pit of embers. By any means this was no simple task, for the Alukai had immense strength and incomparable agility. Some of the strongest of which had even been known to shatter stone with their strike. 
Still though in the hunger for power, many Alukai tried their hand to best the current leader every cycle. There would be change of power many times and even some Alukai who would be defeated and rise again to reclaim their throne. In terms of leadership, the strongest Alukai would both decide the focus of their people’s attention and judge over any disputes among their people. Regardless of leader though, their similar traits seemed to make them lead towards the same goals and most disputes would be settled by match much as the act of mai'toth, however without the normal battlefield. 
The Alukai had a severe weakness to the cold. They had long ago begun to bury into the rocks of the earth to shield them from the days of ice and snow until they emerged during the days of the bright sun when they were more comfortable. Much of their reigning leaders decisions were based around how to approach this. Many cycles before them, their ancestral Alukai had led their people much farther to the north in pursuit of better food for the hunt. Better food they did find, but they also found that the frigid temperatures of the northern land were much harder to bear.
 The large mound of stones in the north had led the way for their tunneling craft. Over time some follies had been made in the learning of such craft and there were several deaths both born of collapse of the stone passageways and of improper shield from the cold. Still though, the Alukai progressed. Starting with the very laborious work of beating stone against stone to form cracks until they gave way. Often both the tool and the rock face would shatter. It was not until some of their people came across a much harder unbreakable stone deeper in the mountain that this had changed. 
Vermilion in color, they found that none of their tools could shatter it. For quite some time this stone baulked them as they tried to remove it. Of course it had also been suggested that they find a way to make their tools from this unbreakable rock as it would be much more effective. One Alukai suggested that if they could not smash it with their mighty strength, perhaps they could use the fire which burnt even the Alukai. Not having any other ideas, they decided if it could not be moved this way, their burrowing would have to continue in another direction. So the Alukai did their best to pack the wide cavern deep with dry tinder and timber. Their first few attempts were unfruitful. It was decided the fire must be fierce if they were to burn the rock. This time the cavern was packed deep with hard wood and carefully layered. The largest fire they had ever lit was struck and they left the cavern. For more than five moons the powerful blaze burned, until it had diminished into weakened embers. 
Finally venturing back into the cave, the Alukai were amazed by what they saw. Gone the rock face was not, but it appeared as though it had turned to water and back into stone. They had moved it with the fire, though it was not destroyed. There was hope yet that they could master this material. Maybe with the right fire, it would bend to their will. There was a meeting held and many suggestions passed before it was decided that they should try to change a piece of the giant stone enough to be able to move it away from the caverns where they could continue to work on it separately.
 Many more fires were made in the cavern and lots of digging was done before they finally managed to break free a chunk of the strange material. Much to their surprise it was quite light. Lighter than the normal stone. It was decided that since the heated stone moved as water, they should dig shaped holes for it to flow into. This was practiced upon and perfected until they had managed to form tools from the vermilion stone which they now called opaize. Much harder than anything they had previously used, and better in form, these tools made their work much faster. 
The Alukai continued to burrow into the mountains, occasionally finding other new materials to which they applied their learned methods to master. A not so strong, translucent stone became the most interesting to the Alukai.  Varied in color and shape, the stones' beauty transfixed the tribes of the Alukai people. Some of the Alukai believed there was power held within them and different methods were tried to harness it. The other Alukai had begun to use them to trade for food and supplies. This stone became known as Uridius.
Much of the Uridius stones were kept by the current ruler who during the durations of the past moons had focused on his strength and had stood undefeated for many cycles. Declaring his undefeatability a sign, he claimed his blood to be superior to the other Alukai. Unmatched though he was, eventually this thought came to be revered for the Alukai held much value in strength. Thus a legacy was born and for much time to come, his blood line alone would be allowed to rule the Alukai people. The days of the mai'toth trials had seen their end. 
By the cycle seventeen thousand of the Undu'ari reckoning, or cycle 200 since the great reign of the Alukai began as they now held count, The Alukai had developed a strong empire beneath the high hills of the north. They had long ago discovered how to build fires within the mountains, using smaller passages as vents through which the smoke flowed and had begun to breed creatures for food instead of hunting them. They no longer had to leave the sanctity of their frozen fortress.
 Their solidified home would from now on become known as Eridez, “the solid strike”.  The developed knowledge of manipulating the rocks within the earth steadily advanced.  They now fastened weapons and armor harder than their skin. The Alukai order had also advanced. There were now organized positions among their people as scribes, workers, and herders, all based around the new production of materials from the hearts of the mountains. These positions began to stick with the Alukai families and were passed down, the mastery growing with generations. They made many advancements. Some of the workers had even begun to harness the power of uridius and could make the stones produce light. The Alukai, a early tribe of beings, now held strength and knowledge beyond all others.



Chapter Five: Undu'ari Lost
The non-ritual practicing Undu'ari had left their tribe for lands a new and begun their journey far from the coasts where the others stayed. They traveled east in search of more fruitful lands suitable for their restart. They, in spite of the others of their race from whom they fled, now also began to call themselves the Du'ari. Their oral tradition saying they removed the "Un" as they removed their unwanted heritage. 
Though they were frightful of what may lay beyond the lands they knew, they remained persistent in their travels. They searched for the perfect land and would not settle elsewhere. Many of hardships fell upon them and they lost many of their numbers to the new beasts they found and some to the plants they had believed may be edible. Unfamiliar with many of these a sickness spread through the group that in time passed, but it was too close to believed death for their liking. So it was suggested by one Du'ari that they take with them the seed of the fruit they knew so that they may grow familiar food in their new land. Until then they would have to rely more on their hunting to survive. 
Many of their race in their inventive ways already had knowledge of traps, which now being much more valuable, increased greatly. They began to develop a system as nomads. They would walk during the day for two days and stop for a day, two if necessary to gather food for the next two days. They would always rest at night and in fear of predator attack, developed a watch that would switch between a Du'ari at regular intervals. The watch would tend to the fires and alert the others of danger if needed. 
There were a few nights were it was necessary that the tribe awaken to fend off beasts. The long toothed was not new to them, but a new danger, a beast that stood much taller than them, upright with long claws and fierce strength claimed five of them before it could be killed. Its skin, covered with thick coarse fibers however, when dried made for excellent warmth, better than the long toothed. Its size was enough that its meat kept them sustained for four days without pause. Fortunately for the Du'ari, it seemed this beast was not so common and though one had been seen, another did not attack.
 The Du'ari came unto a large problem soon though as they came to find the end of land and the wide beginning of the sea. They were not yet ready to settle, these lands were too hostile for their liking. Their only hope was another piece of land that sat a far distance out in the water before them. Though slightly rough with waves, as the Du'ari could swim, they thought this no problem, but the first who ventured into the water was pulled sharply beneath its surface by a giant green armored beast and never seen again.
 They all paused at the waterside debating amongst themselves what to do. They could not attack a beast hiding in the water that they could not see. There was also the thought of how many of them there may be. It was noticed by one of the Du'ari that the body of a tree did not fall beneath the water’s surface. So thought they could move upon the tree to the other side. One Du'ari attempted to step upon a giant tree near the bank and it held him. There was some praise, but as a second Du'ari moved on, it began to sink, they both quickly leapt back to the land. "One is not enough" said one. We need more of the trees to hold us, but they need to stay together. So they began the construction of their new idea.
 Camping at the waterside, they spent many moons felling and collecting the trees about them. It took some time for their weavers to create the cord necessary to hold them together. One Du'ari suggested the applying of mud as they did their houses which kept the water out during the rain. After some forty-five moons at the water side, the Du'ari had made a very large platform from the bodies of trees. They did their best to weave and lash them all together and collected much of the red earth which they packed overtop and left to bake in the sun until hard. It took nearly all of their people to push their creation into the water and as it began to move, all the Du'ari leapt upon it. One missed and fell in the water, but was pulled onto the platform before his life was claimed.
 At first the Du'ari felt accomplished and joyful, for they had all remained above the water and its deadly creatures. Soon though the alarm among them grew, they were not remaining still, nor were they crossing toward the other land. The water was taking them and the platform with it. They were merciless at the pull of its current.  The Du'ari could do nothing but hold onto their vehicle as the waters swept them further and further away. They watched as the land to either side of them and all its beasts and trees passed them by. The platform drifted until dark when an even more alarming sight came into view, there was no longer any land in sight. Only the open sea lay before them.
Only the fear of what terrors existed beneath the waters kept them from attempting to swim back. One Du'ari proclaimed "What has become of us? Is this a curse? Were we really meant to follow the others and their god? What will happen now?". An uproar of different sides began. Some exclaimed this was a test, or that their strength and fortune would prevail. Some sided with the regretful Du'ari, others ignoring this altogether, simply feared for what was ahead of them. Not wanting to fight amongst themselves in such a helpless situation and out of fear for their own, the Du'ari grew silent after some time when all had been said. Waiting now, for a miracle. 
The Du'ari drifted far into the now calm sea. For four moons they traveled, slowly becoming fearful of their depletion of food. Fortunately for them being fearful creatures suspicious of the new land, many had gathered as much as they could before trying to cross the water. This preparation seemed to have brought them some hope, but it would soon dwindle. On the day of the fifth moon, dark clouds, a sign of a storm approaching from the east in which they now headed, gave them cause for even greater concern. By the morning, the sun was nowhere to be seen. 
The sky had broken with a torrential deluge that rocked the very surface of the sea. Their craft fought with the waves that seemed equally determined to conquer it. Tossed back and forth and for a moment or two, through the air above the waters, the Du'ari struggled just to hold on. Many of their people were thrown from the edge. A few were fortunate enough to be pulled back on, most were not. Though there was no time for tragedy to be observed in the harsh howling winds and turning waves, silent tears were shed by all.
 Seemingly impossible, the worst had yet to come. For in the distance, through the darkness, a Du'ari had spotted a towering serpentine head rising seemingly effortlessly from the turning seas. Though far away, some of the Du'ari believing they were cursed, knew it to be approaching and so it was. The immensely large beast far beyond the size of what any Du'ari or Undu'ari had ever seen was growing even larger in the distance of the storm. Suddenly, there was a blinding flash and a deafeningly painful howl that traveled for miles, as a bright stream of light from above collided with the fowl beast and sent a ripple of  glowing spider webs cascading through the sea around it. Another roar sounded as the beast fell to the waves. The Du'ari still clutching on for their lives, felt silent chills run through their bodies. How helpless and small they really were. Was it fortune that saved them from the beast, or the power of a god? In either way, what would save them now from being victim to an endless sea? Unable to decide, they still held on.
 It had been eight moons since their unintentional departure from the land when the storm finally settled. The sky, still holding the dark shadow of recent past fading into the west, had broke way to the very welcomed rays of the sun. Exhausted from their struggle and from hunger, with the calm returning to the sea, the remaining Du'ari quickly fell to darkness.


Chapter Six: A Glimpse of Power
In the long years that had passed since the leaving of the Du'ari, the Undu'ari that had remained in their original village not far from the western coast had discovered some things from their practice that the others of the land did not know.
 It came first from one Undu'ari known as Magdu, who upon performing the practice of sitting still and exercising one's will, had begun to experience strange and vivid visions. Initially, he believed them to be imagination, but as he practiced through the days, these images would not leave his mind. In fact they seemed to grow in strength. It started with unusual colors and rays of light, but soon developed into the faces of people and strange apparitions. 
He consulted some of the elder Undu'ari out of concern as to why he was experiencing these things. Though they did not have a direct answer as to what they were, they did say that he must persist in his practice. For their teachings led them to believe that Magdu had unlocked an inner gift from their god Shaitan. Out of interest of these visions, many of the other Undu'ari began to question Magdu as to his methods, that they too may have visions. It was not long before the once solitary Magdu, found himself in sitting practice among a group of thirty Undu'ari. All focused on receiving the visions, except for Magdu, who simply continued to look without endeavor into the abyss within. 
There were a few others who also began to see things in their practice, but by this point, Magdu had reached something else altogether. One day during his practice, some of the other Undu'ari gasped and began to whispers and talk among one another, breaking the usual silence. It was then upon opening his eyes, Magdu realized he had begun to rise into the air and was now floating as a cloud just above the grounds surface. His alarm broke his focus and he fell back to the earth. 
Others began to hail him as a miracle worker sent from Shaitan to teach them all as a reward for their perseverance. Doubtful of such claims, Magdu began to protest them, but the insistence of the other Undu'ari proved to be inarguable in its own right. So refusing to make claim of himself, Magdu simply allowed his people to talk and instead focused on his practice. He found it increasingly difficult to be alone with the passing days as more people insisted on following him, hoping to derive some sort of secret from his actions. Stronger yet his power seemed to grow as well.
 With great focus, Magdu found he could move other objects as well. This proved useful in some respects, but only led to a greater crowd of followers who insisted that he teach them his ways. They could not accept that he simply practiced as they did, that these gifts came naturally of himself. They insisted he had a special way of communication with their god Shaitan. Some of them even desired him to bless their offspring so that they too may grow to develop his abilities. At some point another Undu'ari too began to rise from the ground in his practice of focus, but could not hold it as long as Magdu. 
Magdu had hoped once more found their gifts, that he no longer would be praised separately and could finally sit in peace as he desired. However by finding their ability in the presence of Magdu, the floating Undu'ari only served to strengthen the assertions of the growingly superstitious others. They now believed that his power could be spread to those he touched. The Undu'ari people, much against the will of Magdu began to treat him as a sort of demi-god and some even suggested that he lead their whole tribe.
 Magdu had never wanted such an occurrence to come to be and questioned the meaning of it, but no matter how hard he tried to dissuade the peoples' views, they would only take notice of his gifts. Magdu found it nearly impossible now to focus, for nearly his whole village kept efforts to stay in his presence and every time another Undu'ari discovered a new gift, it seemed only to strengthen their convictions. They would exclaim "look another miracle of Shaitan. Magdu has brought more light to our people!"
Magdu a naturally peaceful and tolerant being had been doing his best to be patient with the unreasonable beliefs and demands of his people, who now also believed that Magdu could cure the ill by divine power. This treatment was becoming too much for him to bear. He once was not fond of the solitude he had been born into, naturally being quiet and reserved from the others, who some of had used this as a way to pick at him. Now though, he longed for the peace and isolation he once held, away from the others who were becoming so unruly in their demands. So one moon in the dead of the night, Magdu ventured away from his tribe in silence to find the respite he so desperately craved.
 There was a tradition among their people that forbade them from traveling east. As this was the direction that the deserting Du'ari had left in. Being a people who associated energies and fortune of a sort with everything, they now believed this way to be a bad omen. If any traveled, they went to the north lands or west to the immediate coast. Magdu did not want to risk any extra misfortune as he was himself a believer in his people's ways, but also did not want to go a way traveled by the hunters, lest he be discovered. Magdu began to make his way south where none travel. This is because to the southern point of the land there was a thick area of marshes that was not home to hunted creatures nor plant that the Undu'ari usually consumed. Their people were generally fraught with fear of what may lie beyond their boarders and so were not ones to explore. 
Whether or not there was cause for peril in the lands to the south Magdu was not sure, but still he ventured onward, driven away by the relentless grasp of his people. The land seemed mostly unchanged from the rest of the forests surrounding the village for the first two moons that Magdu was away. He, not being a hunter himself, wondered how far they often traveled or if the marshes his people had so long spoke of even still existed. 
On the third day though, his question was quickly answered. As he ascended to the crest of a small hill, his eyes fell upon what could be nothing else but the marshes he had heard of. He immediately understood why the others had considered them so desolate and uncrossable. 
As far as his eyes could see, there was nothing but mushy patches of mossy covered land spotted with strips of blackish water that seemed to have green growing on it simply because there was nowhere else to grow. Walking down the other side of the hill, Magdu began to recognize the movements of serpents, most of which he knew to be deadly. This variety he had not seen before and they appeared to move upon the water. 
He sat at the edge thinking about his situation. He could not proceed on foot, even if he could find stable ground to walk on, he risked bite from the vypers. He could not turn back though. Even if he could travel in a different direction, now certainly some of his people were looking for him so it was not very likely he would evade them.
 At this point he was indeed able to use his focus to float, but he had never tried moving forward and even so he had no clue how long he could maintain such a task, it became tiring on his mind. He would have to try though. If he did need a break he could pause upon a rock or some other bit of land he saw for a short interval. He just hoped he could find another side before it became nightfall. Magdu did not like the idea of trying to stay a night in this place. 
However, he decided that just as a precaution he would camp on the land here for the evening and make his attempt in the morning, to give himself more time. Magdu returned to the hillside and rested, partaking of some of his provisions before he fell into a deep sleep.
In the morning, Magdu rose and after stretching, looked out upon the vast marsh with a bit of stifled determination in mind. As he sat to focus, he tried to will his mind in a slightly different direction, hoping he could gain the control he needed. He floated as normal and began to waver for a moment. He sank in the air a bit , but as he tightened his focus he began to creep forward. Slowly grasping the right way to push his mind, he began to gain speed and was soon flying over the marsh lands continuing forward at a gradually rising velocity.
 Rivaling that of even the Undu'ari's fastest runners, continuously forward Magdu was able to fly for quite some time before the strain began to prove difficult. Trying to sense his surroundings, Magdu focused on a point he believed was solid rock and willing his motion to stop, began to ease himself down upon its flat surface where he lay. He took several deep breaths and wiped the sweat from his brow.
 The task had been more difficult that he had imagined, but his success still was encouraging. As he observed his surroundings, he could no longer see the land he had left from. On all sides of him, it seemed he was deeply immersed in the marsh territory. The sun now was very high in the sky. If he wanted to attempt a crossing before nightfall, he could not rest long. Though he had no idea when and if the marsh ever ended. 
After a few moments to gather his strength, again Magdu rose from the earth and began his journey forward towards new land. Two more times Magdu stopped to rest. The second time brought him a welcoming sight in the distance. There appeared to be trees on the horizon and without a moment to spare as well. The sky was already beginning to show the hues of orange in the distance, a sign of the coming night.
 Over joyed, and getting better at maintaining his flight, Magdu rushed forward at the land before him. Perhaps too soon though, his focus wavered and he began to plunge from the air. He quickly gathered his mind and willed himself upward just in time.
 A giant green scaly beast had leapt from the water, biting the air where Magdu had just been. Much too close for comfort. There really was no crossing this place by foot. Atleast he could be sure even the best trackers of the Undu'ari would not follow where he went, if they even believed he had gone there.
 It was not long before Magdu reached the end of the marsh that broke to a loose kind of land from which grew rather spiny trees and sharp long bladed grass. Landing upon his feet, Magdu thought he could smell salt and hear the waves of the sea.



Chapter Seven: A Living Relic
Magdu did not have to tread far forward to discover that just beyond the short span of newfound vegetation before him, was indeed the beginning sand before a vast ocean. 
Falling to his knees feeling rather defeated, Magdu strained at what to do now. He had come this way in hope of finding a separate land to live within, free from the troubles of his former home, but no survival could be made on this narrow strip beyond the marsh. He knew he could not find the strength to cross a sea, if there even was something to cross to.
 For several moments he gritted his teeth against the torrent of thoughts and questions raging in his mind, before he finally decided to settle himself. Magdu knew allowing blind emotion to consume him would be of no help. It was better to sit still and calm himself. A better answer would come. Atleast he would not be camping in marshes tonight. 
He straightened his position upon the sand and as he had long been practicing to do, began to calm his mind with his will. Sitting in his comforted silence, he began to sink from thought into emptiness. After several moments, he began to feel a strange warmth in his head. His normal visions seemed to be changing and he had an odd sensation of not being alone. Having experienced many unusual things in his practices, he did not take much note of it, but after a few short moments the feeling and images seemed to withdraw altogether.
 It was then that he heard movement of something rising from the water. Out of reflex of possible danger, he broke his focus to see what was now moving itself towards the shore. Magdu could not believe his eyes.
 In living motion before him was a being that he had only heard of in story. It was a creature of similar height and make to himself, with a hard green plated skin and long webbed fingers. Its heavily rigged spine flagged by thin membrane and its slightly wide head holding large eyes. Several slits on its neck appeared to seal themselves as it approached. It was one of the most ancient of their people and a living fossil. It was an Endulil. 
Unsure of how to respond, Magdu sank back to the ground from his floating position and became guarded, awaiting some sign of the creature's intention. The Undu'ari had told rumors of some conversing with the Endulil, but none had ever held any proof. Many had held these accounts in disbelief, claiming their ancestors to have faded away long ago. There of course had been some believers, but Magdu had never taken side of either. Now the obviously well alive creature had stopped its stride just a few paces before him. 
After many moments of dense silence and observance, from both the Endulil and Magdu, The Endulil opened a wide toothy mouth and produced a shrill rolling range of sounds that Magdu could only guess was a language. Bewildered, Magdu began to respond in his own tongue, but barely managed a full syllable before the Endulil, shook his head and raised a hand to stop him. It then closed its eyes.
 Magdu could feel the warmth from his earlier visions returning to his head and with it a repeated word. "Varnoc". Three times it rang and then "Magdu". It repeated, "Varnoc... Magdu". The young Undu'ari, his mouth now open wide in surprise, realized the creature somehow knew his name and was giving its own. Again, before Magdu could properly respond, the creature raised a hand. Whirling and blurred arrays of visions began to flood Magdu's head. 
 The confusing barrage was so powerful it blocked out his sight. After a short while the visions began to slow and focus into a readable chain of communication. Within it, Magdu was told a story of his earliest people's separation from the Endulil and beyond. Varied accounts of the progress of the Endulil and their occasional observance of the Undu'ari was shown to him. It appeared that the Endulil had been watching them over time. 
From close at first, sending a scout from time to time and later from afar, using an advanced version of the talents that Magdu himself had just begun to learn. They could peer into the minds of others and much more. It also seemed that they had managed to construct a village upon the ocean floor. Though their language and talents were different and dictated much by the environment beneath the seas, they had advanced in many of the same way as the Undu'ari people. Perhaps much farther than the Undu'ari even.
 Just as Magdu began to wonder why this Endulil was showing him all this, the visions shifted. Magdu now saw himself floating upon the shore, followed by several images of what appeared to be destruction and many things he did not understand. From it all though, he could derive that the Endulil had foreseen some form of calamity and Magdu was meant to help his people. More than this, Varnoc wished for Magdu to follow him to the village beneath the waves. 
Now speaking reflexively with his mind, Magdu expressed that though curious he could not hope to travel deep into the water. He could not breathe there or even swim. Varnoc stepped forward and raising both of his webbed hands, struck Magdu on either side of his neck, sinking the clawed ends into his skin. Magdu howled in response to pain like he had never felt before. His vision was beginning to fade as he felt the sensation of being struck hard in his abdomen. 
The air seemed to be leaving him and he could not draw it back. While gasping frantically, Magdu found himself being hurled like a stone. He flew far above the waves and came down in a wide arch, crashing into their surface. Deeper and deeper he began to plummet, clutching his throat as he fought the burning in his chest. A strong vision that seemed to block out everything willed him to draw in water against his will. 
Having no choice as he helplessly sank, his body began to follow the motion. At first he believed he was now dying, his body having submitted to its fate. Soon though, as the horrible pains and suffocation began to subside with each intake, he realized what had been done. By some source of power, Varnoc had gave Magdu the ability to use the oceans water in place of air. As he felt the sides of his neck where he had felt the Endulil's claws, there were now large tears in his skin that expelled small streams of bubbles with each breath he took. They were just like the ones he had seen on Varnoc.
 Slowly calming down from the sudden shock of what happened, Magdu started to take in his surroundings. He was just beyond a massive cliff under the water that had dropped off from the shallows. He had sunk very far, but gazing below himself he could see the bottom was nowhere in sight. Varnoc had begun to swim his way towards Magdu. He motioned for Magdu to follow as he passed him, heading deeper into the blackness below. 
Varnoc was a much faster swimmer and paused many times for Magdu to catch up. Very slowly, Magdu gained a bit more speed as he learned how to propel himself with his limbs, mostly copying the way Varnoc moved. It was no substitute for the webbed appendages of the Endulil however. As they descended, the lack of light began to make it very difficult to see. Magdu thought he would not be able to keep Varnoc in his sight, but soon a faint light began to glow from below them. It was getting brighter as they neared it and soon was joined by several others.
 A hazy form began to take shape ahead of them. As they got closer, a very large and well illuminated structure loomed into view. It was shaped like a giant dome and covered in openings. Magdu thought it looked similar to a hive such as the stinging insects live within. He was fearful of this notion, but now trusting Varnoc he followed him inside through one of the structures holes. 


Chapter Eight: A Desolate Place
While the heavily trialed Du'ari had drifted unconscious at sea, they had continued to float for some unknown period of time. They had been prey to the natural shifting waves and ocean currents and gone quite far. Now beginning to arise one by one, their landscape was very different. Though still weak and in mourn of their lost members, some of the first to rise could not help but be overcome with joy. They had somehow drifted to shore. With sudden burst of energy the first to rise were quick to try and wake the others. Though to their continued dismay there were several who did not rise ever again.
 Counting in number, there were now less than a dozen of their once much larger group left. More than half had perished amid their journey. A journey that's worth and virtue they still questioned. Now though, the survivors were simply glad that all of them had not been lost to the seemingly endless unforgiving sea. After gathering themselves, the remaining group began to walk inland in search of much needed nourishment and fresh water. The coast they had landed upon held nothing but sand, not one other creature was in sight. So they continued up and over the many dunes, which were both tall and exceptionally numerous. More anticipation of the green growth that would sustain them grew with every conquered hill. 
The once high sun above them had soon become very near its low resting place in the sky. The Du'ari began to wonder how large this beach could possibly be. At first, not knowing the land they had not payed much mind to the thought, but now their concern was growing. So atop the next dune they stood, they looked out to see the highest ground they could spot and made way for it. It was a sandy hill in the distance that stood twice as high as the rest. Though it would take them some time to reach it, they made their way in its direction hoping to use it as a vantage point that they could perhaps see the end of this dead land. By the time they stood at its impressive base, night had nearly fallen upon them. There was no way of seeing into the distance once dark had struck so though it troubled them, they had no choice but to wait until the sun returned. They had among their dead and some remains, managed to gather some very small rations for the evening, but it was a pitiful amount. So though slightly uplifted, their strength would not last.
 As they always did and especially now for this new land, they took watch shifts and did their best to find rest in their condition. During that night, they were all awoken with a loud howl. The Du'ari who was on watch was reeling about on the ground in pain, clutching his hand. The others quickly rushed to him. After he was calmed slightly, the watchman explained that he had seen a strange sort of armored skin creature. He tried to catch it hoping it would provide a small amount of food, but its bite was very fierce and he had let it get away. They all relaxed some, believing that after their many misfortunes it could have been much worse. Being bitten, though painful was not much cause for concern. They scolded him for frightening them all and switched watch as they returned to their light sleep. It was still deep in the night. It had grown exceptionally cold as well. They all now slept packed tightly together as they had found nothing suitable for making a fire.
 When the morning finally came, the first Du'ari to see the light of the sun illuminate the land, rushed to the top of the dune they slept at. Many times his own height, it was a bit of a task to scale the shifting sand hill, but his hope drove him. When the Du'ari reached the top he gazed out into the distance and was struck with great fear. He could not believe what lay before him. The dune he now stood upon was one of the highest he could spot. He could see all the way to the far lines of the earth as one could at sea. However there was nothing to gaze upon. From where he stood, as far as his vision was capable, there were only more endless dunes of sand. If there was any place of beasts and green life, it existed more than a single day’s journey away. Their hope was growing thin. He slowly returned to the base to inform the others of what he had seen. Some of them did not want to accept his words without seeing it themselves and rushed to the hilltop, only to return with grim expressions. It seemed the whole land was dead and empty.
 They could not imagine how such a place could exist. Rather than lay still and accept their fate, they had no choice but to move on and hope fortune would find them. Before they set off, they had noticed one of them had not yet risen. It was the Du'ari who had been bitten during his watch. They felt deep unrest at what they saw. His body had become discolored and swollen, deep veins of purple were visible, apparently sourced from his hand. Whatever sort of creature had struck him, though small, had caused his end. The remaining Du'ari forced back their fear. They could not dwell on what horror this new land held. They resolved to try still to find salvation until their seemingly cursed fate took them all. 
For the rest of the day the small Du'ari group stumbled over the piles of loose sand. They stopped to camp at nightfall, being exceedingly careful of what may find them after the fate of the watchman, they kept two Du'ari up in shifts now. For another full day they drove on towards the distance. Each high hill they stopped upon not providing any new sights. After the third day of forcing themselves over the desolate terrain, their strength was near its end. One of their females could no longer walk without stumbling. A stronger Du'ari male began to carry her upon his back. 
As they camped that night, they began to discuss what they should now do. It was said that they did not wish to give up, but they also did not wish to fall one by one, scattered across this land. Though they could not come to any solutions, it was decided that once there were not enough to carry the weakest, they would stop. Then they would spend their remaining time finding peace with themselves and each other. It seemed this fate was not far from them. The remaining cursed the Undu'ari they had left for their fate. They believed that they must have used their rituals against the Du'ari. It seemed inconceivable that such a chain of devastation could naturally occur.
 The next day, though on verge of collapse, all the Du'ari survived, but on the day after none of them had the strength to continue past the high sun. With starving bodies burnt dry from the heat, the last survivors of the Du'ari fell to the sand beneath their feet and laid there. Their firm grip on hope, finally slipping away from them. As they rested in the hot sands speaking to each other in weak cracking voices what they believed were final words, they heard a sound in the distance. In their state they paid no attention to it until it began to grow closer.
 The sound was similar to that of a great gust of continuous wind. Some of the weakened Du'ari turned their heads towards the sound and saw what looked like a great flying beast in the sky. Strange was the sound it emitted and its wings did not move. To their awe, it landed on the sands near them and its belly fell open. From the inside, a group of strange green creatures that walked on two legs emerged.







Chapter Nine: Foresight
Magdu and Varnoc swam towards the lowest region of the massive sea structure, making their entrance through a eloquently decorated opening amid the many holes. Together they swam down the length of a deep passage. Magdu noted that the inner walls contained a vast collection of carvings. Mostly some kind of text, but also several strange pictographs largely varied in nature. There were battles with fearsome aquatic giants, people riding birds in the skies, and even an Endulil holding high a shining crystal that emitted its own light from the wall. Magdu could not help but be amazed by many of these. He wondered what story they told.
 The passage that they swam through was very long and contained many dividing paths. They had gone through two sets of doors that seemed to open themselves as they neared. Magdu had just begun to wonder how much longer this hall could be when he saw ahead what first appeared to be a dead end. As they grew closer however, he could see that though it was a type of wall, it was nearly transparent. Not clear as the surface of a small pond, but muddy with shades of changing blues. Varnoc swam ahead and went straight through the wall's surface to the other side, leaving Magdu no option but to follow. 
Magdu's vision immediately changed. He was blinded by bright light and felt himself fall a short distance to dry ground. Though in ways apparent at first, he waited for the blinding white to clear from his sight before he confirmed what he felt. Magdu was no longer underwater. Although he had no idea how it was possible so deep beneath the surface, he now found himself sitting on the polished stone floor of a great ornately decorated room lit by torches and filled with several other Endulil absorbed in different manners of business. 
Many walked in and out of the rows of doors situated on the far ends of the hall. Magdu could hear several conversations carried out in the same shrill tongue Varnoc had first spoken to him in. A vision again entered Magdu's mind as Varnoc willed him to follow. Though Magdu now had a large quarry of questions, he resigned to following just behind Varnoc as they approached the largest door in the chamber. It was enormous, several times the height of the Endulil and very wide. The face of the door was decorated in patterns of large beautiful colored stones of varieties Magdu had never seen. 
Varnoc paused before the door for a moment and the stones began to glow as the door slowly opened of its own accord to reveal a long wide hall that ended in an ornately carved and jeweled set of stairs. They continued to walk down the passage and ascended the long stairway to find a much smaller door at its top. The inner chamber of this passage opened to a large circular room with a very high ceiling. The walls were lined with many shelves containing all sorts of various items and scrolls. In the center of the room atop a stone seat carved in the likeness of what appeared to be bones, sat a very frail and shriveled looking Endulil who appeared to be asleep. 
Varnoc stopped a few feet away from the seated one, who now with closed eyes began to speak.  Though in place of the shrill tones of the Endulil tongue,  it was the language of the Undu'ari that he now used. Addressing Magdu, he began to tell of a story of some of the past doings of the Endulil. He told of their struggles with the perils of the seafloor and how they had hid in ocean caves where there were often pockets of air. 
He said that though they grew accustomed to living in that way, the air would run out in the caves and make them no longer habitable for air or water breather. Magdu listened intently as his interest grew. Long ago the Endulil had found a solution. They had practiced strengthening their minds, having used them to communicate with each other beneath the waves. One of their wisest had gone much farther and had learned ways of manipulating his environment around him. It had taken much time but he had found a way to force the air from the water and contain it. With the help of several other skilled Endulil he built their home in the center of a large natural rock where they now resided.
 The minds of the Endulil now collectively kept the air in its place, renewed constantly by air from the water in the surrounding sea. At first it was the job of a select group of Endulil, but now the skill had become so practiced that many of their people could effortlessly perpetuate it. Their people had changed much living in such a dwelling. They found peace and could collect and build. Their already strong minds grew vast over the ages in their isolation. Many of them had demonstrated incredible abilities to observe, shape, and even sometimes create in the world around them. In such ways was it that they had been observing Magdu and his people along with the rest of the world above, for they could now see with their minds. Varnoc had been sent to retrieve Magdu in response to what they had observed.
 The shriveled Endulil said that they had seen visions of what was to come in the future and the Undu'ari race was in danger. The Endulil would not leave their safe residence beneath the water, but they had decided that they would aid Magdu in helping his people. He went on to say that there was a path of actions that had to be taken and Magdu was the only of the Undu'ari advanced enough in his practice to succeed. He was first to undergo training with the Endulil to further strengthen his mind. 
There were abilities he could learn that would prove of great aid to him and he must not protest, for though he left his people seeking solitude, the events to come if not stopped, would ensure he would never find it. Magdu began to speak, but Varnoc harshly silenced him with his mind. The ancient Endulil grew silent once more as he returned to his apparent sleep. Varnoc later explained that it was the job of their ruler to watch over the world. His task took great amounts of energy and it was a rare honor that any should speak with him. In fact, it was only during the most harrowing matters that it usually occurred.



Chapter Ten: Growth
After Magdu's meeting with the Endulil ruler, he had been asked to accompany Varnoc to their focus hall where the youngest of the Endulil sharpened their powers. Magdu had a lot of questions for Varnoc, most of which went unanswered. Such as that of what was it he was to fight against.
 Varnoc mostly retained his reply of "It would be counterproductive for you to occupy your mind with that right now". Though frustrated, Magdu's own curiosity and desire to become more skilled muted his irritation. Varnoc began by informing Magdu that the ability he had bestowed upon him to breathe in the water was a transformation and would not be temporary. Wherever Magdu went from now on, remaining beneath water would not be a problem. Magdu had some irritance at unwillingly being given gills for the rest of his life, but kept these to himself as the gift was truly a blessing and not a curse. Varnoc began to say that Magdu's first lesson would be in invisibility. He stated that through the act of properly focusing his will, he could learn to make himself unseeable which should certainly prove to be useful. 
Varnoc stretched out a hand to his side and to Magdu's surprise, where there was previously nothing, at his gesture an Endulil suddenly appeared and spoke to Magdu. The Endulil said that his name was "Selphir" and as he was the most masterful of all the Endulil in arts of illusion he would be instructing him. Varnoc stated that he would mostly only be observing to report to their ruler. Selphir stepped forward and placed a hand on Magdu's head. Magdu clenched expecting something similar to his first encounter with Varnoc, but nothing happened. Selphir stepped away and said that he had examined Magdu's mind to evaluate his current skills. He stated that Magdu's proficiency in quick collection of his mind to hover would prove very useful as the other skills he would be learning were not so different. He went on to explain that to hover Magdu focused on the feeling of being light and aloft in the air, similarly to become unseeable, Magdu must learn what it feels like to be invisible to the eye and be able to maintain the sensation sufficiently to make it reality. It would be difficult, but with practice should be within Magdu's grasp. 
Selphir then remained silent and stood still simply staring at one fixed point. Magdu waited for additional information and after some time passed and Selphir still did not continue, Magdu began to question him, only to receive no response at all. Magdu began to grow irritated and started to question the unresponsive Selphir further when he realized what was being done. Selphir was ignoring Magdu completely to demonstrate what it felt like to be unnoticed. Magdu began to think on this and collect himself. Trying to focus on what he imagined the sensation of being unnoticed to be, Magdu sat upon the ground and began to use his mind to will the feeling into existence. 
After some time, Magdu realized he had no idea how he would know if he succeeded. Suddenly Selphir spoke and said that he would guide Magdu through his practice and make him aware of the progress. Satisfied, Magdu began again to focus. He remained in the hall for a very long period of time, trying to both deeper understand the sensation he was trying to master and will it into his being. After some time Selphir broke the silence to say that it was not simply the feeling of being unnoticed, but the feeling of being impossible to notice by vision. Adjusting his thoughts a bit, Magdu continued his focus. After an unmeasured amount of time at which Magdu though still concentrating was beginning to grow weary, Selphir said that he had done enough that day and that it required more time, but for now rest would be more productive. Varnoc who had taken to silently observing while seated at a short distance, rose and said that he would show Magdu to where he would be staying. Magdu stood and began to follow Varnoc in quiet agreeance, eager to rest after his long efforts. 
Varnoc led Magdu through a small doorway and down an ornate hall with many other doors, stopping at one near the end of the chamber. Varnoc then told Magdu that he would find means within with which to bathe himself along with fresh clothes, food, and a bed inside. He then left Magdu on his own. Feeling very hungry, Magdu decided to eat immediately. On a stone plate in the middle of the room there was a small pile of cooked fish and some greens. Magdu had not eaten much from the sea in his village but found it to be quite delicious. After his meal, Magdu was realizing how drained the day had made him and decided to forgo bathing as he went straight to sleep.
 That night Magdu had strange visions. He saw himself standing before a giant green figure that was trying to kill him. It kept missing as Magdu evaded its strikes, but soon threw Magdu far into the sky, past the stars. Magdu awoke with a jolt. He was being shaken by Selphir who gestured for Magdu to follow. It was time to resume his training. 
After stretching, Magdu rose from his bed. He had no idea how far into the day it was. It was impossible to tell in the underwater fortress, but he felt as though he had not been given much time to sleep. Magdu followed Selphir as they returned to the training hall. Selphir simply stopped in one place and stood silently. After a few moments Magdu assumed the same position as the day before and began his focus. This became regular routine over the next few days. Magdu would rise in the morning, focus in the training hall with Selphir and Varnoc observing, and return to his room to rest. Magdu was growing very weary of the constant training without break, but he did not complain. Magdu was determined to master new power, both out of curiosity and the alleged necessity. 
Six days into his training, Magdu heard Selphir speak for the first time in days. Selphir simply said "That will be enough". Confused, Magdu began to question the statement, but Selphir quickly replied "You Mastered the technique two days ago. It was necessary for you to strengthen it."Magdu felt a knot of frustration in his throat, but Selphir continued "It is now time to move to your next focus. This will be more difficult as it is in two parts. You will first learn how to make another person invisible. Varnoc will be your partner." Varnoc stepped forward and Selphir began his instruction "You must use the same feeling that gives you invisibility, only now you must imagine the feeling in another. You must feel what it would be for Varnoc to be invisible." This time Magdu did not question, he knew he would receive no response. He began his focus and the cycle of training resumed. It took only two days for Magdu to master the new technique, now being familiar with the subject. The task given to him was to focus on making Varnoc unable to move. At this point Varnoc began to casually stroll around the room which made it much harder for Magdu to concentrate on him. This too Magdu soon mastered. 
Magdu could not help but laugh as Varnoc was suddenly stricken motionless and fell flat on the floor. A chuckle also emitted from the observing Selphir to Magdu's surprise. Magdu found his concentration abilities to be greatly growing along with his confidence and was growing more eager to learn what he could accomplish. Unfortunately Magdu was soon told that they were running out of time and that the next lesson would have to be their last. When he protested Selphir replied "There are much greater things ahead of you. You can do whatever you wish with your mind if only you know how to focus it. Now however, your help is greatly needed." Magdu found some comfort in these words as he realized the truth of them. It was not Selphir who gave Magdu his power, it came from Magdu's focus. Selphir only told him what to focus on. 
The last lesson that would be given would be the ability to pass through solid objects, which Selphir said would be extremely difficult. This judgment proved to be right. Magdu focused on the task at hand for seven days and still could make no progress despite his determination. It was at this point that Selphir instructed Magdu to switch focuses, telling him to work at the ability on his own. For now however, Magdu would instead be learning how to cut through the object. This proved much easier and was mastered in two days. After successfully repeating all his new abilities to ensure mastery, Magdu was instructed to follow Varnoc to the leader's chamber. As Magdu stood before the ruler, he was told that what he had been training for had come to pass and that he must hurry to the surface to face his destiny. 
Before he left, the ruler gave Magdu a ring to place on his finger. "This ring" the ruler said "will allow you to stay in contact with us. It makes it easier for our minds to connect at great distance. Keep it on you always and be careful. We will be there to help when it is needed." Varnoc then lead Magdu out the hall and to the watery opening he had first entered the home of the Endulil. Varnoc told Magdu he was to head back to his village and all would be made clear. After a short goodbye, Magdu jumped through the opening and began his swim to the surface.




Chapter Eleven: A Problem
Magdu moved with haste as he swam from the home of the Endulil. It did not take long before he could see the light from the surface world above him. Half way to the top, he sensed a large serpent beginning to approach him from the darkness below. Greatly alarmed, Magdu remembered his training and quickly collected his thoughts. The great beast stopped completely, paralyzed by Magdu's will. With a small smile of satisfaction, Magdu continued his ascent. Though he had not realized it, Magdu had at some point in his focus gained the ability to feel the life force surrounding him. The Endulil had done well preparing him. As he breached the water's surface, the shore he began at was far, but still in view. 
Magdu looked to the sky. It appeared to be about midday by the position of the sun. Fighting the waves, Magdu soon reached the sandy bank outside the treacherous marsh. Magdu walked along the shore until he saw an area he thought looked familiar and after resting for a moment, he began to hover over the outlying brush into the marsh. There was much distance to cover, but after all his training Magdu had become more proficient in his focus and could now gather more speed than he could before. He managed to traverse the length of the marsh with little issue, only pausing once to rest for a few moments. The day's light was just beginning to die as Magdu came upon solid land. The rest of the journey would have to wait until morning. Especially since Magdu did not know exactly which direction his village was and did not like the idea of fumbling around in the dead of night.
 Without making a fire and with the various sounds of surrounding insects, Magdu put his back to a tree trunk and shut his eyes. Once the morning came, Magdu began his long walk through the forest to the north. It was not too long before some familiar landmarks began to come to his attention. Magdu was farther away than he expected but could still find his village, however it would take an additional day by his measure. 
Again Magdu camped at the base of a tree, regretful he was not supplied with food. He could have spent more time preparing a meal and shelter, but his anxious anticipation of what he would soon be a part of had a firm grip on his mind. He knew that whatever the danger, it likely would not be small. Magdu now wondered if all of his people would be ok. He had wanted sanctuary from their grasp on him, but he still cared for them all. With many troubling thoughts streaming through his head, Magdu did not sleep well that night and chose to resume his journey at first light. 
At about midday Magdu could see smoke from fires in the distance. He thought he was still too far from his village to be able to see signs of it yet, but he did not give this much thought until he got closer. Something wasn't right. The smoke from the distance was growing thicker as Magdu grew nearer. According to some recognizable stone formations, the village should still be far off. Magdu could only conclude that there had been a larger than normal blaze and it may still be burning. It was not possible for it to be much else. Magdu quickened his pace, pausing only for a moment when he passed a circular area of scorched woods. It appeared as if the trees had been burnt to the stumps and even the ground was charred. Magdu began to run. Thoughts of what could have happened began flashing through his mind as he forced his legs to move even faster. He passed several more patches of burnt forest as he ran. Within the next hour the village would be just over the next hill. Soon Magdu would find the answers to what questions troubled his mind.
 As Magdu approached the outskirts of the village, the whispered warnings he had received had become an unignorable scream. A pit of pain formed in Magdu's chest as his eyes fell upon the bodies of three Undu'ari he once knew. They showed no signs of normal wounds, but they were clearly dead. The air around Magdu was filled with black smoke and he could make out anguished cries coming from nearby. Magdu hurriedly found the source of the pained sound. It was a father holding the limp body of his son. As Magdu knew, his only son. Not wanting to trouble the man for answers, Magdu moved on.
 Most of the village huts had been destroyed and laid flattened heaps on the ground. The rest were scorched and broken, some still burning. Magdu could not in his mind form any kind of reason to account for the horrific damage before him. Between two of the larger remaining huts, Magdu came upon two Undu'ari pulling another free from beneath a pile of wreckage. He appeared badly hurt. One of the Undu'ari turned quickly with fear in his eyes as he heard Magdu approach. After studying Magdu for a short while, he relaxed and began to speak. "Oh Magdu, we had thought you were taken prisoner as well. There are only five men left in the camp. They took the elder and killed all but one female. I can't believe that this is happening."
Magdu was horrified. If what he said was true, the Undu'ari race would now die. "Who did this?" asked Magdu. The grim faced Undu'ari responded: "It was the banished ones that rejected Shaitan. They came with a people of lizard skin who flew down from the sky. I have never seen such power. They blew homes apart without effort. No one stood a chance. The only survivors are ones who hid well." Magdu couldn't believe what he heard, he knew the tribe separated and some were bitter, but enough to betray their entire race like this? It was savage, how could they kill their own kind? Magdu asked "Where did they go?" The Undu'ari replied "I hope you're not going after them. I don't know for sure, but the giant bird they flew in went straight to the east. I urge you though not to pursue them. You would not survive." Magdu spoke "I am the only one who might. May I see you again." Magdu then quickly ran in the direction he had been pointed, with only one thing on his mind, revenge.




Chapter Twelve: Playing Shadow
As Magdu ran, he passed many more scorched patches of land, but no more of his people. The burned areas and some out of place items told him that many Undu'ari had tried to flee. It seemed though that none of them managed to get farther than an hour away where the spots of black earth came to an end. Some of the spots were spread so far apart, it seemed as though individuals had been hunted down. 
Though it was still possible that some had managed to escape or hide, it did not look as though the chance was high. Many questions raced through Magdu's head. The most pressing question was "What sort of power could do such damage?" Magdu answered to himself that after what he had seen of the Endulil, it was very possible another group had trained their mind and that they had gained such frightening abilities as to cause what he had seen. If that was true however, Magdu did not feel very confident about being able to fight such beings. He may have to rely on stealth.
 Another question was "Who were the people of lizard skin?" and "Why would they or the banished  wish to do such harm?". The only answers Magdu would find for these thoughts would be found with the attackers themselves.  Magdu ran on for several days, stopping only to rest or to forage for food and water. He silently hoped to himself that he was still headed in the right direction. The Undu'ari from the village had pointed nearly directly east and Magdu knew how to navigate by the sun and stars. Still, it was possible that the enemy had changed heading at some point.
 Without much else to go on, Magdu used the thought that ‘no tales existed of the lizard skins’ to tell him they could only be far away. In either case, he had no choice but to press on. Eight days into his journey, Magdu walked beyond a thick patch of trees and found himself standing in the middle of a wide patch of bare earth. It was scorched black as he had seen before, only this time the ring was many times larger. Taking it as a possible sign of those he pursued, Magdu stopped for several moments to closer examine the area. To his reassurance, he found sets of footprints. Some resembled his own tracks and so must belong to the banished.
 The others were quite different. It was apparent that who left them walked on two limbs as did the Undu'ari, so they were not animal as he had first thought by the obvious claw marks they possessed. The tracks were also set too deep for even the largest Undu'ari. Those that left them had to be heavy and likely very large. Though the conclusions Magdu made from his examination gave him more dread at the idea of what he faced, he now at least knew for sure he was not off course. 
Night was again pressing upon Magdu. Knowing that the burning must have scared wild predators from the area, he chose to camp on the outer edge of the scorched circle. In the morning he would continue his chase. That night many strange visions flooded Magdu's mind as he rested. Images of those of the banished he knew before they left and of the Undu'ari he knew to be dead. He could hear laughing blended into sounds of cries for help. The vision soon switched to darkness. The white lights of the sky came into view and they began to turn red as they moved closer to each other and pressed together into one large orb. The orb rotated as it opened from the center to reveal it had become a giant eye. 
Magdu suddenly felt strong waves of discomfort and he forced himself awake. It was not yet day light, but the pinks and oranges filtered through the visible sky indicated the sun would soon rise. Still shaken from his dream, Magdu spent several moments contemplating what he had just seen. He felt like the visions meant something, but he could not put together what it could be.
 After rising from his resting spot, Magdu took several drinks of water from the container he carried and again began walking to the east. Magdu switched between running and walking. Though he felt he had to move quickly, he did not have the strength to run for entire days. He had soon lost track of the amount of time he had been in pursuit. Too many other things were commanding his concentration. After a few more days had passed, Magdu came upon something he would have never expected. Just past some of the brush ahead of him, the trees gave way to the bank of the sea.
 Immediately Magdu thought that he had somehow deviated from his direction or that his enemy had indeed changed course. A quiet rage filled him at the acknowledgement that he now did not know what to do. He sat down upon the sandy shore as he fell into a torrent of thoughts. His only clear options were to head north or south, but doing just that could easily get him lost. Magdu was beginning to feel defeated and his own frustrations were not helping him. In order to at least calm his mind, Magdu assumed the familiar position and began to focus himself.
 For several hours he sat at the beach. It was not until he heard the sounds of nocturnal insects that he realized the night had closed in. It was easily decidable that he camp for the evening and make his decision in the morning. After a small meal of gathered herbs, Magdu laid down to rest. Again the same disturbing visions flooded his mind. Only now, the eye appeared larger than before. Still the feeling of discomfort washed over him and jolted him awake. This time, the sun had already risen a small distance into the sky. Magdu slowly rose into a sitting position as he rubbed his face. He was about to begin moving when he noticed some odd marks in the sand.
 Directly in front of him, it looked as though someone had drawn lines in the earth. Upon closer inspection, Magdu saw an arrow pointing to a circle and a short inscription that read "Beyond the sea." Magdu looked around and could see no one in sight. As his gaze returned to the marks in the sand, he wondered how they had got there. It seemed though that he was being told to cross the water ahead of him. It would mean he had not passed his destination, but he thought there was no way that could be correct. No tale had ever been told of a land beyond the waves, nor had anyone ever attempted to search for such a thing.
 It was true he was in new territory to not just himself, but the whole of the Undu'ari people. However, the idea seemed so alien to him. Without any more leads though, Magdu thought it would feel easier to keep heading forward than to attempt to find his way through the vast forests behind him. He only hoped that the land he was going to was not far away. It had been simple enough to cross the swamplands, but the sea could be much larger and held no resting points. If the journey took more than a day, Magdu would fall prey to the ocean. 
Pushing these thoughts aside, Magdu gathered his focus and began to float over the waves. Magdu traveled at the fastest pace he could manage. He did not want to risk any longer a journey than necessary. Completely focused on moving forward with haste, Magdu soon lost track of time as the hours went by. From that morning and well into the night he traveled over the seemingly endless sea. When morning came again and he was still flying, he had to suppress his unpleasant thoughts. The worry that he would become too fatigued to continue before he reach land was setting in. There was no turning back, it was make land or likely die.
 It helped some that Magdu remembered he could breathe underwater, but the creatures that existed there made even sleeping on a hot campfire seem like a better idea. The sun had long risen to its highest position in the sky and was beginning to descend in welcome to the coming night when on the far horizon a vague shape became visible. A large amount of relief filled Magdu. It could be nothing other than land. No other shapes existed on the vacant surface of the waves.
 Eagerly Magdu pressed on towards the spot in the distance. After a few more hours, it became dark enough that the shape was no longer in sight. Magdu thought that the horizon must be farther away than it appeared. Still he floated onward, knowing that soon he would have to reach the destination. It was some time much after the sky became filled with the many white lights of the eve, that Magdu had finally reach another shore.
 It was a wide stretch of sand, much larger than the beach he had come from. Magdu was exhausted from the extensive effort he had expended reaching this new land. Shortly after he landed on solid ground, he took several gulps of water to account for going two days without and then laid down upon the earth to fall into a dreamless sleep.






Chapter Thirteen: Effort
It was far past sunrise when Magdu awoke. The effort that he had expended to arrive at this new land had left him weak. The long rest he had helped, but he still felt somewhat drained. He did not have time to allow his fatigue to get the best of him however. He quickly planned to take a small meal and move forward into whatever this land had waiting for him. The returning concern for lack of certain direction barely had time to resurface before Magdu noticed again mysterious etchings in the sand before him. This time there was simply an arrow pointing in a north-east direction without words to accompany it.
 Magdu knew that it was not possible for the marks to have already been there when he had arrived. It brought forth a certain uneasiness to not know where they had come from. The last marks had not led him wrong, but the thought of someone sneaking around him in his sleep was not comforting. It occurred to Magdu that by means of their minds, this could have been the work of the Endulil. It also occurred to him however, that it was possible someone else was leading him very far off course.
 Again without having any other leads, Magdu felt he had no choice but to go to where he was being directed. He at least felt some self-confidence in that he could handle what laid ahead and though pressed for time, it was still possible to turn back. Deciding to address what was closest at hand first; Magdu prepared himself for the day's journey ahead and set off on foot through the shifting sands. It did not take Magdu long to notice that he was not on a typical beach. After having walked for several hours and still seeing nothing but more high mountains of sand, it became apparent that any vegetation was likely quite far away. 
Though he had provisions, this concerned Magdu. He was not well supplied and his water would not last long here. The wide spread of sand and no shade caused this place to become far hotter than Magdu was accustomed to. It also worried him that it was possible for the entire land to be this way, though he could not imagine how anyone could survive here if that were so.
 As the sun fell closer to the horizon, Magdu decided to stop early for the day. The heat and smaller water rations he had been allowing himself were quickly draining his already weary body. It would do him more good to recover what strength he could than to press on for sake of time. Time was another thing that troubled his mind. It had taken him several days just to get to where he was now. A lot could have happened during his travels. He began to wonder about the condition of the Undu'ari taken captive and also about the possibility of the attackers having returned to what was left of his village. Magdu tried hard to shake uncertainties from his mind. 
Though he did sleep well that night, it took him more hours than he would have liked to clear his head enough to rest. When the rising sun had begun its climb up the sky above, the heat was not far behind it. Feeling better rested and already tired of this inhospitable place, Magdu was eager to cover as much ground that day as he could. Though it took less energy and focus to walk, Magdu had decided to alternate his stride with hovering quickly over the landscape. He gained a very large span of distance in a short time. All the while, nothing more than sandy dunes came into view. The seemingly endless desert only served as a motivator for Magdu to move faster. He could not chance his water supply running out with no way to replenish it. 
For four days, Magdu carried on his pattern of alternating travel while resting at night. On the following day, the first new sight came into view. At first Magdu thought it was a bird flying high above him. As the shape in the sky began to dive into a descent, he soon realized that could not be possible. The object grew far larger than any bird he had ever seen as it came closer into view. Its body glared in the sunlight brighter than a polished stone. Closer and closer to the ground it fell, until it appeared to land beyond a dune in the far distance. Fear of what awaited struck Magdu. The description he had been given led him to conclude this must be the enemy he was searching for.
 The anger at the atrocities they had committed began to flood in and soon the fear washed away. Magdu gathered his mind as he prepared to fly towards them with as much speed as he could manage. Faster than he had ever pushed himself before, Magdu began soaring over the sands as though the ground was being torn away from him. Against his better judgment, he allowed his rage to fill him as he prepared for a head-on attack. The powers he had mastered would be his weapon.
 It was mere moments before he had closed in on the last hill. As soon as he passed over it, dread immediately engulfed him, washing out his anger. Over the hill there was the giant shiny bird he had seen before. Next to the bird; was no less than a hundred tall creatures with green armored skin. He had made a fatal error. Knowing he had already been seen, he had no choice now but to test his luck, however uneven the fight before him was. Magdu let out a fierce shout and flew forward, attempting to quickly hover behind the now watching group. 
Just as Magdu had gathered his mind in an attempt to cut down as many foes as he could, one of the creatures raised a gloved hand and shot forth a ball of light. It moved far too quickly for Magdu to dodge, casting waves of sand to either side. A searing pain engulfed Magdu's entire body as the light hit him directly in the chest. For a short moment Magdu tried to finish his attack. Before he could manage, everything went dark and he collapsed upon the hot sand.




Chapter Fourteen: The Cold
Darkness. The same darkness that Magdu fell into when he was struck seemed to last a very long time. He was barely capable of thought at first, but as time stretched on he became more aware of his consciousness. It seemed almost like a dream. Memories had trailed through his vision. Stray thoughts that made no sense. At some point Magdu began to wonder if he had died. He could not sense his body, everything was black, and yet time was still passing in a way noticeable to him. He could not tell how long it stayed like this. It felt like days. He thought he had begun to feel something. It was faint at first, then it grew. A sharp pain. He was regaining sensation of his body, but all he could feel was pain and tingling numbness. He was feeling his mind changing as though waking from a vivid nightmare, still afraid. He began to regain more sensation as the waves of pain receded. 
Though he felt like his eyes were now open, he still could not see. After several moments, Magdu forced himself into a sitting position. He could not tell where he was. The ground felt cold and hard. Everything in his vision was black. He at least knew however, that he was still alive. Magdu began to feel around in the darkness. He did not believe he was blind, just somewhere without light. After careful inspection, Magdu found that he was inside a square shaped room no larger than three body lengths across. 
The room appeared to be empty and the walls all felt completely solid. Magdu first wondered if he had been sealed inside, or if there was just a special way out. It was obvious he had been captured. He needed a plan, but without knowing what was outside the room or even how to escape it, he had no way of knowing what he should do. He silently cursed himself for being so foolish. If he had not rushed forward blinded by revenge, he could have come up with a way to avoid capture. Now though, it couldn't be helped. It was best for him to focus his attention on the problems he now faced. 
He carefully felt around again, looking for anything out of place. Shortly though, he found that the entire room was completely smooth. He thought he could try to cut his way out with his mind, but it worried him that there might be enemies on the other side. Just as Magdu was about to try, a bright light filled the room. Much to Magdu's surprise, one of the walls had faded away to reveal a small hallway.
 Two of the reptilian creatures stepped into view. Magdu quickly prepared for a fight when he noticed they were carrying an unconscious Undu'ari woman. The creatures roughly threw the girl into the room, forcing Magdu to catch her so she did not hit the ground. Magdu clenched his teeth in anger as the wall returned and with it, the darkness. Magdu could just make out the sound of the two beasts laughing on the other side. Returning his attention to the woman he now held, he carefully laid her down and checked for her breathing. 
She was alive, but still would not wake. His plans had changed. He could not fight or easily escape with an unconscious woman in his care. Especially not the last of his race. It was not a kind fate, but without this girl the Undu'ari would become extinct. Magdu knew that it was likely some of the women from the deserters had survived, but as they were behind this he knew no good would come from them. In their actions, to Magdu they were no longer Undu'ari. 
He still did not know who or what the reptilian creatures he had seen were. His only guess was that they had come from this distant land beyond the sea. That did not explain why they were helping the deserters however, not that it mattered to Magdu. They were all enemies now. For a long while, Magdu sat and tried to formulate some kind of plan. Nothing sounded like a good idea. He wished he knew more about what he was up against. The reptilian creatures had used some kind of power to knock him out. Maybe they too could use their minds, but they also used the strange bird to travel. 
Magdu decided he would wait and hope the girl would awaken. It was his only chance at learning more. While he waited, Magdu took the time to calm himself as much as possible. He sat still for what seemed like several hours before the woman showed any sign of movement. At first she did not notice she was not alone. It was impossible to see anything in the darkness of the cell. She only moved slightly and then laid back down on the floor.
 When Magdu moved closer to see if she was conscious, she quickly tumbled and sent a well-aimed kick flying hard into the side of Magdu's head. The blow made him stumble backwards several feet. Magdu heard the woman repositioning herself and fearing another strike, Magdu quickly spoke "Wait I'm Undu'ari!" The room grew silent. He thought to himself that she must be one of the trained warriors. 
The Undu'ari had many females among their hunters. Their light bodies made them well equipped to move soundlessly. After reasserting that his nose wasn't broken, just bleeding, Magdu began to question the woman. She replied in short guarded answers, but Magdu still learned what he needed. Her name was Laila and she was indeed an Undu'ari huntress. She refused to say much about what had happened to her during her captivity, but according to her they were now inside the city of the lizard men.
 It was a deep labyrinth of tunnels dug into a northern mountain side they called "Eridez". The cell where they were now kept was the deepest section. Laila said one of the lizard men who were called "Alukai", had described it as being "As far as one could walk in three days, if one could walk down through the earth." Magdu could not imagine how such a place could exist especially dug into solid stone.
 Laila said that the Alukai spoke with different words than the Undu'ari so she had not always been able to understand them. They could also speak as Undu'ari, but only did so to talk to the deserters. Magdu learned that there were only five left of the deserting tribe who now went by the name "Du'ari". There were no females left among them so without rejoining the Undu'ari, they would soon be no more. They had spoken to Laila.
 The Alukai had strange tools that could do things beyond her comprehension. They had been doing horrendous experiments on her she refused to speak about in detail. After the Du’ari’s journey, they held great spite against the Undu'ari. It was their intention that the Undu'ari all die in their place. It was sickening to Magdu that any being could even hold such thoughts. Surely the Du'ari faced many hardships to have lost all but five. It was of their own doing though; they had chosen to leave the others knowing the dangers.
 Magdu did not understand how they could hold such spite. Laila said the Alukai were only meeting the Du'ari demands to advance their fiendish studies. They were a naturally violent race despite their sophistication. Without being able to speak their tongue, she did not know more.
 Laila had tried many times to break free when she was being transported, but the tunnels were so long and confusing she could not escape before being found. It was a very difficult problem to face and Magdu's worries grew. For now, there was nothing they could do but wait and hope for an opportunity. It would do no good to break free of their cell if they had to fight hundreds of Alukai while navigating the impossible tunnels. After Magdu had answered the many questions Laila had for him, they both resigned to pass the time and think of a plan. Magdu still did not know what the enemies wanted with him, but at least now he wasn't alone. 

Chapter Fifteen: Chance
Several days must have passed. Laila and Magdu sat mostly unmoving in the small dark chamber. Once in a while bowls of food and water would pass through the solid walls, but that was the only event they could use to judge time. It seemed as though they were fed only once a day. They passed time by talking. They spoke about their lives, the families they once had, and their concerns. Eventually though, they ran out of things of interest and sat in much silence.
 Magdu took much of the time to practice his focusing abilities. After some time, Laila expressed interest in the practice and so Magdu began to instruct to her what he knew. Laila had difficulty clearing her mind of what troubled her and so made very slow progress, but in the empty days they had to get through, it was something to occupy time. Laila soon grasped the ability to levitate as Magdu did. In the dark, to do much more would be very difficult.
 On the seventh day by their count, the time they had been waiting for came. There was a blinding light as the wall to their cell suddenly vanished. Two Alukai guards had come to collect them both. Magdu and Laila had their plan well-rehearsed. They both quickly lunged to grab the guards and then somersaulted backwards, throwing the Alukai headlong into the cell. Laila quickly touched a panel on the wall outside and the cell closed, leaving the guards trapped within. 
As Laila had been moved through the halls before, she had observed much. She knew how to operate their doors and had a general idea of how to go up. She said that there were not many Alukai at the level they were on, but they would have to get by at least two groups above if they were to get through. Their odds were not good, but they had decided that anything was better than remaining captive. Just as they started to run, small panels in the wall opened and a green light flooded the hall.
 Magdu and Laila were rendered immobile. No matter how much either of them struggled, no part of their bodies would budge at all. It was not long before a large group of Alukai filled the hallway. Their escape plan had been halted. Without a word, one Alukai stepped forward, made a wave with his arm, and turned to walk away. The green light grew smaller to only encompass the trapped pair. Then, the light began to drag them down the hall behind the now leaving Alukai. Magdu swallowed as a lump began to form in his throat. They were helpless. 
The Alukai walked a long way down the hall and stopped in the center of a large circular room. Not a moment after the doors behind them closed, the floor beneath their feet shook violently and began a quick ascent upward through what Magdu now noticed was a massive vertical tunnel with no ceiling in sight. Eventually their motion came to a halt and everyone filed out of the room through a small door that opened in the wall. Magdu and Laila still trailed behind. This time the floor was at a inclined angle and led them more upward still.
 It seemed as though hours passed. The Alukai marched on in complete silence. Several corners existed along the way, but though they turned, it was into a seemingly endless series of identical hallways. Magdu felt his eyes growing tired. Then up ahead, there was a change in the path. Two very large shiny doors stood from afar. The doors began to slide open, the giant slabs moving into hollowed grooves in the sides of the wall. 
Sunlight burst into the tunnel illuminating it with a blinding flash, forcing shut the prisoners’ unaccustomed eyes. The time they had spent in pitch dark made their vision unwilling to adjust. After several moments however, sight returned to the pair. Before them, looming in the distance was an incredibly massive version of the bird Magdu had first seen the Alukai with. Standing in front of it, three Undu'ari. Magdu, knowing them unfamiliar immediately understood them to be the traitors.
 Magdu began to shout at them in his own language, only to be reminded of the green light that held him still. Not even a sound could be heard. Fury was building in Magdu's chest. The three Undu'ari turned and entered the monumental bird through a ramp that led into its underside. After them followed the Alukai group, the guards surrounding the bird, and the still captive Magdu and Laila. The inside of the bird to Magdu's surprise was very similar to the Alukai fortress. 
The Alukai ahead split into smaller formations and continued away from each other as  a new Alukai dressed in bright purple robes gestured with his hand and changed the green lights course. Magdu and Laila now trailed behind the Du'ari and the new Alukai into a room near the bird's head. This room was unlike anything Magdu had ever seen. Straight ahead the outside could be seen through a clear wall nearly invisible to the eye. On the walls surrounding them were an assortment of different colored flashing lights and to the right an open area had what appeared to be four beds enclosed by clear coverings similar to the forward wall.
 The Alukai Magdu took to be the leader, shouted an unfamiliar word and there was a loud hissing sound that began to emanate from outside the bird. The sound grew exponentially in volume until it became a deafening roar. Through the forward wall it could be seen that the giant bird had risen into the sky and was gaining altitude at an unimaginable rate. The ground and all visible land shrank away to nothing as the bird carried everyone farther up than Magdu believed possible.
 The stars of night began to come into view even in the bright of day. They had soared into the heavens. Their progress continued. What Magdu knew to be the land, grew so small from their newly attained height that all of the land and sea could be seen. It was the most incredible sight any Undu'ari had ever witnessed. What Magdu had lived his whole life on could be seen as nothing more than a giant ball. It floated in the middle of nothing with no supports below. Hovering in the darkness illuminated by the millions of bright white dots in the distance.
 A sea of thoughts and questions filled the heads of the captive Undu'ari. Many where the same. Were the "Alukai gods?", "Were all the white lights in the sky other lands?", "Where were they headed?", and most importantly, "What did any of the Du'ari have to do with this?" One of the three Du'ari stepped forward and their questions were soon answered.









Chapter Sixteen: What is a God?
Laughing, the Du'ari was laughing. It was a sharp slow laugh of sinister enjoyment. He looked at the captive pair and spoke slowly with relish. "You both are so fortunate. You get new families today. It is unfortunate about your old ones. It seems who was it? 'Shaitan' did not smile upon them. The Alukai here understood our desire for revenge. Nearly every one of us was killed after our exile. Now nearly every one of you is dead and the Alukai are going to use you to make a new race for their control. They need workers to collect a special rock from another world. I imagine they will make them less capable.
 We learned some interesting things about your abilities from the Alukai. It seems 'Shaitan' is fair though. We get to keep the world when the Alukai leave. These worlds move you see. This one is only near enough every 15,000 cycles. We happen to be very luck it is near now. It will be too far in another six years. You two won’t be alive long enough to see it. Once the Alukai take what they need, we will have the pleasure of killing you ourselves. You are the last ones left. The Alukai boarded their whole race on this ship and left a weapon behind to ensure they are the only race ruling when they return. Also, this experiment of theirs may hurt a little." He finished with a grim smile shared by the other two Du'ari. Then, the Alukai stepped closer and waved his arm. The green light again propelled Magdu and Laila across the room. The covers on two of the beds in the corner lifted open and the green light faded from them as they admitted the two inside, forcibly laid down. The glass covers shut quickly, trapping them inside. 
As soon as they were able to move again, both Magdu and Laila began punching and kicking at the clear covers in an attempt to break free. Nothing worked, but their determination would not let them stop. The other two beds slid back and rose forward as they attached to several hoses on the wall. A piercingly loud crackle was heard followed by an ear splitting pop as streams of jagged white energy filled the bed chambers of Magdu and Laila. The pain was more intense than anything either of them had felt. It was such a sharp pulsing sting that every muscle in their bodies vibrated. Several whirring sounds and a low pitched whine where heard and the energy and pain faded away. The intensity left the pair paralyzed. Magdu felt as though he had been set on fire.
 Another series of jagged energy beams came, this time in the two beds against the wall. Magdu strained as he looked around. Laila appeared unconscious or dead. She showed no signs of movement and much of her body was covered in horrible blackened patches of burns. Magdu looked forward at the standing beds adjacent to him. As the energy faded from the two chambers, it now appeared that they were occupied. At first glance Magdu thought them to be Undu'ari, but he quickly realized they were very different. They were shorter and less muscular. Their skin was tan not pale white. There was fur growing in thin patters around their body and a single thick patch on their head. Their features were less angular as well. 
Sudden shouting broke Magdu's awe at the new life already so developed. The Du'ari were shrieking in fear at the Alukai who was holding a short stick like object in their direction. "Why would you do harm to us? We did as you asked and it appears to have worked!" The Alukai laughed shortly and replied in Undu'ari tongue. "Why would we give you a planet? I only kept you in case those two didn't work. Since they did, even though it appears they will both die we do not need you." Suddenly a Du'ari smiled and said "funny, we thought the same." The three scattered as a blue burst of light emitted from the Alukai weapon. The light struck one Du'ari in the chest and his body fell to the floor in a crumbling statue of ash.  Another Du'ari fell to the Alukai.
 Magdu could see the last Du'ari pressing at several of the different lights on a far wall. The Alukai turned and upon seeing the Du'ari exclaimed "NO WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!" A grinding sound issued as the ship around them began to vibrate. Suddenly the ship began spinning, throwing the occupants around except the ones in the bed chambers. The ship appeared to wildly accelerate and from the front wall it could just be made out that the room they were in had detached from the rest of the ship which now headed straight towards a giant red ball of land. 
The room they were in continued to spin wildly going at a unimaginable speed. The remaining Alukai and Du'ari had been beaten against the surrounding walls until their bodies now bounced lifeless off of them with each more slowly turning revolution. Magdu, still alive but in near fatal condition from the burns could just see the green and blue orb they approached through the front wall. It grew closer and closer until it enveloped the whole panel. The ship was now falling out of the sky and about to crash straight into to land below. The speeding room then began to slow just before it slammed into the ground. The ship must have had a sort of safety feature, though the impact was still far from soft. 
Magdu could feel his body failing him as the pain and weakness was slowing each breath that became harder than the last. Though he knew he was about to die, a strange irony hit Magdu and he could not help but smile. As he looked across from him into the beds of the Alukai's creation, he saw something no being from his home world would ever see: The creatures opened their eyes.



Published by James Paul Byous at smashwords.com
Copyright 2017 James Paul Byous
4th Edition

