THE OHGOOD CARISTIC                                          

JOHN BUCKLEY

FOR KATIE AND CHRIS






                                           

    
     In the year 3000B.H. the Darinvians gathered at the Somso Super Raceway for the monthly 606 lap race thru and around the city of Pouf on the planet of Parscan.   The Darinvians were a race of orange and black skinned warlords who ruled over 7 planets and 30 large moons in the Coulez system.
     In the recent years squabbles had sparked a large and bloody war between the Darinvians, Goep and the Yesic holy council which dictated all spiritual matters in the Coulez system.  The Darinvians were led by Dr. Famaron Venge a 6’5” 260 pound mountain of terror.  He had dark red straight hair that was cut into 3 triangles with the largest being on top of his head and each triangle of hair was tied into a flower design.  He had a thick blonde handle bar mustache, which had Semsem beads attached at the tips.
     Semsem beads released a soothing light blue smoke that kept the mind relaxed and euphoric.
     His eyes told the story, they were blonde in color and had tiny blue triangles littered throughout them.  His nose was prominent and pointy and he had flaring nostrils that made him appear to be on the verge of violence.  He always wore his triangle shaped lightly tinted green sunglasses with gold frames that had the Plalo crest on the front. 
     The Plalo were a group of 40,000 wizards who had mastered all of the 6,000 Kamsip spells, which were the most powerful.  They existed in secret and shared a series of chateaus all over the outskirts of Pouf’s countryside.
     Famaron also loved white on white suits and seal black leather shoes, with triangle red tips.  He wore on the index finger of his left hand a Yada ring, which had a contained spell inside and could be cast with a single tap on the ring and was bright orange in color.  Around his neck was a Fortust spell in the form of a necklace.
     A Fortust spell was more of a shield and could cancel out an attackers spell.
     Famaron sat on a floating black couch with his feet on a floating red table on the side of a beautiful sloping flower covered hill watching the Flashers fly by in the first lap of the race.
     Flashers were of every shape and size and could go at 5600 miles per hour and turn on a dime and had both anti gravity and magic propelled super engines.  The ships all had large triangle shaped engines and most had 2 person cockpits with large brown leather seats for the pilots.  They often times had spells casted on their chassis to keep the color and shape ever changing to intimidate the other racers.
     On the either side of Famaron’s couch there was a statue of Baub Avesup, the highest holy leader from the Yesic holy council, standing holding his 10 foot black staff with its golden Dowa bird on the top.
     The Dowa bird was a 10 foot tall red winged hawk like bird with a wild smile perpetually on its face.  It had long wings with its eggs in a skin pouch at the tips.  It also had far away eyes that gave it the look of being intoxicated.
     Famaron raised his golden staff and shouted,” Taste my lips for corus!”
     Then a bottle of Ardanu wine appeared and he grabbed it and pulled out the cork with his teeth and said greedily,” Nice to see you again, I missed your endless love.”
     Then he took a long gulp and let out a sigh as 2 Flashers came flying towards him.  One was shrouded in a spell making it look like 3 bolts of lightning.  And the other looked like a screaming face.  They rode hard right at Famaron then at the last second did a 90 degree turn and tore off into the race course and Famaron said snidely,” Your ships are an embarrassment.  How dare you enter my eyesight, I’ll have the 2 of you destroyed before nightfall.”
     Then a small Woright ship came flying down thru the clouds and then towards Famaron.
     Woright ships were shaped like a pair of scissors standing on its side.  They had 2 huge round anti gravity turbines that went thru the rear of the ship.  They also had the head of Teroco Avesup on the front, Baub’s brother.
     Teroco had wavy dark brown long hair that had dozens of small golden statues of himself in it.  His eyebrows were thick and curly.  He also had a thick red goatee that grew naturally into a curled up tip.  His eyes were lime green and had a claw design in both.  He was 6’2” and 203 pounds of lean quick muscle.  He wore his dark purple robe and black boots perpetually.  He also had 3 golden Yada rings with his favorite saying,” I almost killed you, but I was tripped,” engraved on the sides.  Around his neck was a blue Gorme necklace.
     The Gorme necklace was a spell cast piece of wood that turned into pure platinum and could change a person’s form with just a touch into anything from a pebble to a Dowa bird.
     Famaron saw the Woright and said sternly,” Oh great, what is this crap?  This is all I need another visit from the old wind bag.  I wonder if he’ll have another moronic personal request.  Now this scratches my ass how dare he.”
     The Woright hovered in front of Famaron and then a retractable platform with stairs extended out of it came to rest right in front of Famaron.  Then the blue circular door began spiraling open and revealed 3 people standing there an older man, a young man, and a beautiful young woman.
     The older man was Aohan Peps, Baub’s younger brother.  He had dark brown shortly cut hair with a design of the Designer of Good cut into it.
     The Designer of Good was god himself and was also known as Goarote.  His face had chiseled features with a block jaw and a long wide nose and pursed lips.  His hair was seal black and was shaven all the way up to the top of his head then long in the front.
     Aohan was 6’0 with light green skin and he was wearing a yellow robe and white belt, as well as a pair of yellow leather boots.  He had a red 7 foot tall staff with a baby’s smiling face on the top of it in his right hand.
     On either side of him was Baub’s 2 children Ohgood and Ratie Bell.  Ohgood was 5’7” 152 pounds of lightning quick.  He had a large bulbous head and narrow shoulders.  His hair was dark green thick and cut into a circle that extended to the tip of his ears and spiked outward in every direction.  He had lavender eyes that had a cocky look to them.  His nose was perfectly straight and tipped slightly upward at the end.  He had snarling teeth that put people off when he smiled.  His hands and feet were too large for his body.  He had on a tan vest over a white long sleeved dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up.  He also had on a pair of tan corduroy pants with the Plalo crest sewn into the left pocket.  His shoes were 
tan leather with a paisley design on them and black rubber soles.  He also had on a thin black Morshito bracelet on his right wrist.
     Morshito bracelets doubled a person’s punch strength by adding a bit of magic from the bracelet.
     He was also wearing a platinum necklace with the first phrase from the Qoms book of scripture written on it and it read,” If I be the darkness let a thousand plagues enter your lives, for I and only I have seen the light.”
     The Qoms book was a book written by Teverus, the third son of Goarote.  He wrote its 10,000 pages over the span of 2 years and when he had finished he told the then king Gomo of Parscan to burn it, because he feared the truth would kill all who read it.  Teverus wrote one other book known as the screaming silence that detailed 750 simple things a person could do to bring them contentment like forgetting all worried and fears until the moment you actually had to confront them.  He also said you should share your triumphs equally as much as your failures to keep your mind in the center.  Teverus exploded into a burst of stars that spelled out the word yes, when he was 46 and was never heard from again
     Ratie Bell was 5’5” and weighed 130 pounds with a small torso and a large bottom and muscular calves as well as tone trim arms.  Her hair was long purple thick and had seven small silver statues of Potaim tied into it with braids.
     Potaim was the second son of Goarote and was the one who created the Caristic Layered Existence.
     The Caristic was a 50,000 mile wide and deep world inside the world that had a different set of rules and parameters than Parscan and was only accessible thru the Gavert caves deep within Parscan, but after Potaim disappeared no one was ever able to open the Gorshan locks.  The Gorshan were only 
opened when Potaim put his hand onto the golden colored hand shaped Halpera diamond at the end of the Gavert caves.  Many millions of people tried each year to open the diamond lock, but no one ever had.  It was called the Potaim test and every child of 20 years old was required to try.
     Potaim said before he disappeared that it was the Caristic that would always be changing to make itself a better place to inspire and make people endlessly happy.  When it was opened it tended to change every few days in new and different ways.  Now it’d been 30 years and everyone was dying to see what it had become.  Many blamed the loss of it for the start of the war.
     Ratie’s eyes were crimson and had tiny claws imprinted all around the eyeball.  She was beautiful to look at with a round bulb at the tip of her nose and thick red lips.  She had on a pair of pink silk trousers that had the Plalo crest on them in blue thread.  And she had on a white thin cashmere sweater with her father’s face sewn onto the front.  She also had on white slippers with a 2 inch heel.  And a blue pearl necklace around her neck that had the words,” I love everyone even dad,” written on the pearls in red letters.
     Aohan, Ratie, and Ohgood walked up to Famaron and Aohan asked snidely,” Isn’t it a bit early for wine, Famaron?”
     “ Shut up you, idiot, I drink when I want too.  What brings you and the moronic seed of Baub to my doorstep?  Where I’m drinking early,” said Famaron sternly as he glared at Ohgood and Ratie and grinned.
     “ Idiot is it, well look you colossal boob, Baub needs a favor and you owe him several.  What he needs is for you to take Ohgood and Ratie to their Potaim test,” said Aohan sadly as he watched Famaron scratching his belly and then burp loudly.
     “ Alright look, I’ll take the two brats over, but if they get out of line I’m knockin’ the teeth out of their mouths got it,” said Famaron sternly as he stood and then took a long drink from his bottle of wine.
     “ You try it and I’ll wreck your head and break both your decrepit legs, old man,” said Ohgood boldly as he glared at Famaron. 
     “ Yeah you come near me and your life will end quicker than a sand fleas,” said Ratie quickly as she clenched her jaw.
     “ Oh really you little sprats think you’ve got the salt to tangle with a man of importance.  There’s only one violent person in this conversation and it ain’t either of you two spoiled brats,” said Famaron fiercely as he stared down Ohgood.
     “ Alright then, I’ll leave them with you.  It seems nothing changes, but the dates bye, Famaron,” said Aohan warmly then he walked back into the Woright.
     Then Ohgood and Ratie looked at Aohan leaving and then turned to see Famaron smiling deviously at them and then said smoothly,” A day of bonding and the bridging of the generational gap, well I’m all for it.  What say we get our own means of transportation.  Then we’re off to a fun filled day at the legendary Caristic.  Where who knows one or both of you could have a horrible accident and find yourself in a pine box with no way out.  Follow your old friend Famaron,” said Famaron brightly and then he raised his staff and shouted,” Couldpo memrit forsaken places thus!”
     Then out of the clouds came a Penipode fighter plane being carried in the claws of a green scaly dragon.
     The Penipode was a turtle shell shaped smooth black ship, with 6 large red round anti gravity turbines with 3 per side.  It had 3 yellow tinted windows in the front that bore a resemblance to Famaron himself.  There were also 4 large green laser canons on the front of the ship.  It also had an orb of pure dense magic on the undercarriage that could be dropped on an attacker and turn them into a mound of dragon dung or a fleck of dust.
     “ Nice ride, I’ll call Ponz rifle,” said Ohgood quickly.
     “ What, I hate riding in the back what about being nice to your sister?” asked Ratie as she pouted and crossed her arms.
     “ Alright, Ratie, you can stare at the back of my head while I ride Ponz rifle isn’t that nice?” asked Ohgood sarcastically as he smirked at Ratie and then poked her with his finger.
     “ What difference does it make you kids just make up stuff to care about so you can fight over who gets it.  I’ll tell ya a secret there’s only one path to heaven and you’ll never find it, huh dungaters?” said Famaron snidely as he watched the Penipode be set down gently on the grass then the dragon blew a burst of flames into the air and left.
     “ Join the club, we’re gonna roast a wild Morknu when you die and marinate it with your ashes.  That’s about as close to heaven as a boob like yourself is ever gonna get,” said Ohgood snidely then he and Ratie burst out laughing.
     “ You kids these days, they try to educate you, but your brains are ant farms.  Needless to say we’ve got places to get too and a random accident to befall you, let’s hit it,” said Famaron coldly then he waved his staff and the hatch to the Penipode opened up by sliding into the walls, floor, and ceiling.
     “ Hey, Famaron, you ever heard of soap ‘cause your b.o. has me on the verge of passing out,” said Ohgood jokingly as he walked into the Penipode and laughed.
     Inside the Penipode it was a good 1200 feet long and was built like a lavish castle with 3 floors and 4 dozen rooms.  As you came aboard there was a pair of statues of Dornoa Jems the leader of the Sandu people.  The Sandu were a people of tan skin and red hair and lived in the dense Gamazone forest inside an intricate tree city.  Dornoa was a burly man of 6’8” and had long curly red hair and tan colored eyes.  He like all the Sandu wore lavish multi colored robes and gold jewelry, as well as tiny sunglasses that focused light into a laser beam and went directly to their cerebral cortex.  It gave them an instant more time in battle with their glasses,  because it sharpened the mind.
     On the walls were 3 pictures of old Funatu, Famaron’s father, holding his staff up in the air and casting a spell.  The room itself was t shaped and had a large 20 foot long wall t.v. monitor on the right wall and a pair of white leather couches on the left.  In between them there was a refrigerator and microwave that rose up out of the floor at the push of a button and floated above the floor on a cushion of air.  There were also 3 long blue tinted glass cases with 2 staffs per case and cross shaped Oreans inside.
     Oreans were filled with a fine powder that could be ingested and turn you invisible for ten minutes.
     The ceiling bowed upward to a trio of blue, yellow, and red lights that filled the room with ambiance.  On the floor were 3 Baatold skin rugs that covered most of the room. 
     Baatolds were a 30 foot tall bear like creature with heads similar to a lions only with shorter red noses and 2 black jagged horns protruding.  Their fur was yellow and orange, with star patterns covering all of their bodies. 
     “ What do you think, kids, is this a good place to die or what?” asked Famaron sarcastically as he ran and jumped onto the couch.
     “ Shut your Kampat hole of I’ll slap your teeth loose,” said Ohgood sternly then he lifted his hand like he was going to slap Famaron.
     “ Oh please do it, just give me a reason,” said Famaron hopefully as he grinned.
     “ Hey aren’t you supposed to start the ship?” asked Ratie sternly as she sat down on the opposite side of the couch from Famaron.
     “ Patience my, dear, bad gene pool, I can work wonders from my command seat,” said Famaron calmly then he waved his staff and a remote control flew over to him from beneath the t.v. monitor.
     “ You know using magic for useless and frivolous things is frowned on,” said Ohgood then he pressed the button for the refrigerator to rise up out of the floor.
     “ You know advice sucks, let’s use our minds to serve mankind, throw me a beer,” said Famaron playfully as he looked blankly at Ohgood.
     Then Ohgood grabbed a Hemhowser beer can and opened it and took a swig and then said,” Not bad.” 
     “ Alright give it here already,” said Famaron as he gestured with his hand.
     “ Oh right one second,” said Ohgood then he grabbed another Hemhowser and threw it to Famaron and said brightly,” if the mountains call and valleys sing,  you’ll know the place Hemhowser beer, ‘cause we give a damn.” 
     “ I love that commercial with the 6 Baatolds doing flips off the top of Mt. Vermar.  Then the smallest one gets caught on a tree branch and his fur comes off and he says, well at least I’m loaded,” said Ratie then everyone started to laugh.
     “ There’s nothing finer for my money.  O.K. let’s get a move on let me start the engines,” said Famaron as he pressed a button on the remote control and the engines made a pulsing sound and the ship lifted into the air.
     Then he turned on the monitor and they could see for a hundred miles in every direction as the view of all 4 sides was visible.  Then they shot off at an angle over the Pouf countryside.  There were hundreds of huge chateaus in every direction and the black steel buildings of Troitsa could be seen in the distance.  “ Is that Troitsa on the horizon?” asked Ratie as she walked over to the fridge and grabbed a beer.
     “ It is we’ll be there before long.  Goarote I love Troitsa, some of the best times I’ve ever spent were right there.  Seems like centuries ago,” said Famaron as he thought of a wild party his brother Corbue put on the prior year where he ended up naked in the bathtub with 2 women.
     “ I love it too, there’s just so much to do and see.  I could spend ten years there and never do the same thing twice.  And there’s the Caristic, well the hope of it.  Boy if that ever opened up again from what I’ve heard it would change everything,” said Ratie as she stared at Troitsa and wondered what all the people who lived there were thinking.
     “ Someday it just had to happen.  We just need a lucky break and then it’s good times for all of us,” said Famaron as he remembered the stories his father told of the Caristic and how it was indescribable.
     “ We’ll get there someday, I just know it.  Every man gets a day’s luck for every 8 unlucky days he spends, I read that.  Who knows, it might not be today, but it could be soon and it’s worth waiting for,” said Ohgood warmly as he sipped his beer.
     “ The book of Qoms, love that passage, but let me quote another, if the meals on the table the cooks in bed.  So we’ll eat our feast and let him rest.  There is a time for everything.  I pray you kids get to see the Caristic before you’re too old to appreciate it,” said Famaron then he nodded at Ratie and smirked.
     Then they each sat and got lost in their thoughts for several minutes.  Each fantasizing about what the Caristic could have become.  Then Ohgood stood up and walked over to one of the glass cases holding a pair of staffs and slid the silver lock open and grabbed a long 7 foot purple and black staff with the words,” If it was mine it’s taken,” burned into the wood.  He twirled it above his head 3 times then stopped and shouted,” Torn buckles can’t reap!”
     Then a miniature army of red and blue soldiers appeared that were all of 4 inches tall.  They each had long broad swords and laser pistols inside red holsters.  Then Ohgood sat down on the floor and said to the soldiers,” I want you to fight against each other until one side is the victor.  Now let’s have a good dirty battle for the ages!”
     Then an all out fight to the death mini war broke out with laser blasts and sword thrusts coming from every soldier.  2 red soldiers shot a yellow one in the head with their laser pistols and it blew his head to pieces.  Then a yellow soldier did a handspring and stabbed his sword down thru a red soldiers helmet and head and deep into his chest and he fell to the ground and began shaking and Ohgood said boldly,” Now that was a nifty maneuver I gotta try that myself!”
     Ratie saw the mini war from the couch and asked,” What have you gotten into over there, Ohgood?  It looks pretty diabolical.”
     “ Oh it’s just an all out fight to the death for my own amusement,” said Ohgood then he picked up a red soldier and hurled him at the wall and his blood splattered on it and Ohgood said loudly,” Oh that was perfect humanity, Ratie.  Look he’s sticking to the paint.”
     “ Nice, Ohgood, really sinister.  Look at the one there he’s got a sword thru his head,” said Ratie as she picked up the wounded red soldier.
     “ Dead weight, he had it comin’,” said Ohgood coldly as he watched the soldier squirm in Ratie’s hand.
     Then Famaron raised his staff and shouted,” Torn trinkets to refusto!”
     Then a pair of one foot tall Baatolds appeared and headed for the miniature battlefield and Famaron grinned and said snidely,” The war’s getting’ a whole lot tougher, Ohgood.”
     Then Ohgood turned and saw the Baatolds and said defiantly,” My soldiers can take those wretched beasts any day, just watch.”
     Then Ratie laughed as a Baatold grabbed 2 soldiers and started eating them and then Ratie said wryly,” I don’t know, Ohgood, it looks like maybe the Baatolds have the upper hand, I’m just sayin’”
     Famaron laughed, but then 4 yellow soldiers blasted one of the Baatolds in the eye, chest, arm, and leg with their laser pistols.  And the Baatold began spinning in a circle as its eye fell to the ground and blood gushed from its wounds and Ohgood said proudly,” Those are my troops in there, they’re mine whuhu”
     “ You, rascal, don’t count your Dowa birds yet, look there,” said Famaron as he pointed to the Baatold as it punched off red soldiers heads one after another.
     “ He’s right, Ohgood, it’s getting the upper hand,” said Ratie playfully as she grinned.
     Then the one eyed Baatold fell on top of 2 yellow soldiers and crushed them to death, but 3 red soldiers began stabbing him with their swords and one reeled back and chopped off the Baatolds head and Ohgood said proudly,” One down and the mighty have fallen.”
     “ You haven’t won just yet, the other one’s a fighter.  He’s tearin’ thru those troops like a fist thru air, nice!” said Famaron enthusiastically as he watched the Baatold grab 2 soldiers by the neck and squeeze the life out of them.
     Then a red soldier did a flip over a cup on the floor and shot his laser bursts into the Baatold’s throat.  Then blood gushed out as the Baatold struggled to breath, but then the Baatold got a fierce surge of anger and grabbed 2 red soldiers and smashed their heads together crushing their skulls and Famaron said boldly,” C’mon big fella make it happen!”
     “ C’mon troops gang up on him.  He’s hurt, he can’t stop you all,” said Ohgood sternly as he clenched his fists and lips.
     “ It could go either way, there’s only 6 soldiers left, Ohgood.  I wouldn’t get your hopes up,” said Ratie as she tried to hide her glee.
     Then one of the Baatolds crushed a yellow soldier under its foot, but as it did it got stabbed clean thru its back and out its chest.  Then it stumbled forward as the remaining soldiers blasted it with laser fire 
and Ohgood said slyly,” This doesn’t look good for old Baatold.  I’d venture to say he’s heading for a gruesome death.
     “ You are dead on with that.  Look he can barely walk, it won’t be long now,” said Ratie as she pulled out a silver cigarette with her likeness on it.
     Then she pulled out a cigarette and tapped it with a lighting penny and began smoking and Famaron asked,” Could I get one of those I’m all out?”
     “ Yeah, here you go,” said Ratie as she handed Famaron a cigarette then lit it for him.
     “ Thanks, I am trying to ensure I’ll die before old age.  I just can’t handle a diminished form of life.  So it’s a pack a day and an early exit,” said Famaron slyly as he smoked and then grinned.
     Then the remaining 6 soldiers piled on the Baatold’s back and stabbed him in the back of the head and he jerked suddenly then died and Ohgood threw up his hands and said,” And the winner of the war spreads joy and tidings of good.  Now that was fun and it looks like we’re nearing Troitsa as nightfall hits.”
     “ Look at all those beautiful lights,” said Ratie brightly as she looked at Troitsa.
     Troitsa was made entirely from black steel and had a huge black central building that was shaped like a computer monitor tilted up slightly that was half a mile high and a mile long called the Yokeperem.  It had one side that was constantly showing different movies on it with sound that could only be heard a hundred feet away, but couldn’t be seen of heard inside Yokeperem.  There were 450,000 residents that lived inside in large lavish apartments that had all the amenities.  There was also a pair of semi round 
towers on the left next to Yokeperem that went half the way up and were also black steel.  They were called the Cofert towers and they housed the Yesic Holy council’s most prized possessions including the Capeka stones.   
     The Capeka stones were 4 blue 18 foot high magic holders that had the majority of all the unused magic in the solar system.  If you touched them while casting a spell it turned you into pure magical energy and gave you the ability to shift dimensions and do spells beyond comprehension, which is why it was guarded by a legion of 300 soldiers who watched them round the clock.
     Beside the Cofert towers there was the Blasperu prison that rose up a mile in the air and housed over 1 million prisoners from all over Parscan that had done unspeakable crimes.  Most were members of the Halbaltic gang, which was led by Gatgun Askit.
     Gatgun Askit was a 6’2” 245 pound bringer of death.  He’d killed over 50 men with his bare hands and most dying for nothing more than a look.  He had a tattoo of a head being eaten by a Combma, which was an 8 foot long black fur covered lion like creature that had the ability to be controlled with words, right in the middle of his forehead.  His eyes were synthetic and checkered with circles in red and blue.  His teeth were snarling and put people ill at ease when he smiled.  He wore his black and green silk shirts and pants constantly as well as a pair of red homemade sneakers that hid a Disho crystal in the heels.
     Disho crystals could be ingested and gave you a large red globe that encircled your body and acted as a forcefield.
     There were hundreds of thousands of large and small ships whizzing thru the air around Troitsa around the floating lighted lane markers, with Shemy balloons floating all over the sky
     Shemy balloons were made form thin layers of Plasma held together by magic and would float up to a certain height then burst into a small fireworks display.
     “ O.K. look, it’s nighttime now, I say we get a room in Yokeperem and head down to the Caristic in the morning.  What do you think?” asked Famaron as he looked at the Troitsa skyline in wonder.
     “ yeah whatever you want.  We could have a lot of fun in Troitsa tonight,” said Ohgood as he smirked and nodded.
     “ Alright, but don’t get too crazy, I don’t want to bail you out of jail,” said Famaron jokingly.
     “ Oh we’ll be fine as long as we all stick together what could happen?” asked Ratie as she grinned and thought about how much fun they would have.
     “ We could get robbed beaten and killed, but that said who’s ready to party?” asked Famaron sarcastically then he started to jump on the couch and dance around.
     “ Oh brother,” said Ratie as she rolled her eyes. 
     “ Well I know I am,” said Ohgood then he jumped up on the other end of the couch and began dancing.
     Ratie looked at the 2 of them in disgust and then said sternly,” Alright let’s party.”
     And then she jumped up on the couch and did a sultry dance and smiled.
     The Woright flew into the Yokeperem spaceport and landed softly.  There were dozens of spacecraft coming in and out and being herded into individual docking spaces by humanoid robots called Cretsko’s.
     Cretsko’s had the ability to do herculean feats of strength and had blazing speed.  Their faces were all cast in Famaron’s image and had his exact size and shape of hands and feet.
     The spaceport had paintings of all 3 sons of Goarote that covered the length of all 3 walls including a painting of Colous his 1st son.  
     Colous was a handsome man of 6’8” and very muscular.  He had strawberry blonde thick curly flowing hair, that had a single white bead tied into a braided piece on the side.  His eyes were purple and green in color and were very large.  He had a block jaw and bright white teeth.  Colous was the writer of,” The 70 things a child should consider,” his first book that had passages like,” How can I always be right if I’m only half a man.  If I gave away my fears of not knowing it all, all I would soon have,” as well as a brief poem that read,” Could an empty hand carry the load of a full heart or is everyone without the power of misplaces desires.  I would like a resolution without confusion.  For I know the answers we all carry.”  Colous moved away from civilization 200 years ago to the island of Periocket.  He is rumored to have been writing a dozen volumes of scripture, but none have surfaced.  
     As Famaron exited the Woright he saw an old love of his Saram Cosap.  Saram had long flowing blonde hair that went to her mid back.  She was very striking to look at with her steely glare and large purple lips.  She had on a tiny black dress that hung over her curvy body, as well as black high heels and a gold necklace.  She saw Famaron and waved and walked over.
     “ Hi, Saram, you look stunning tonight.  How’s Brank, dead I hope?” asked Famaron as he grinned.
     “ Oh actually he did die in a boating accident, but you couldn’t have known that so…well you look handsome,” said Saram as she fidgeted with her dress.
     “ Oh…why thank you.  These 2 beautiful young adults are Ohgood and Ratie Baub’s kids,” said Famaron as his mind raced about the prospect of an available Saram. 
     “ Hi there, Ohgood, hello Ratie, I know your poppa we used to be close friends when you were babies,” said Saram as she gave Ohgood and Ratie a kiss on the cheek.
     “ I vaguely remember you breast feeding me, is that weird?” asked Ohgood as he grinned at Saram.
     “ A bit,” said Saram and everyone laughed and then she asked,” Well what are you doing tonight?” asked Saram as she made eyes at Famaron.
     “ We hadn’t planned anything, what’d you have in mind?” asked Famaron as she smiled.
     Then suddenly a group of 3 men in black silk suits with yellow laser pistols and a red laser chain came running towards Famaron and the shortest one named Tor aimed his pistol and shouted,” You were a dying man before I killed you!”
     Famaron saw Tor and did a side flip and extended his staff and shouted,” Warov to split the sky!”
     Then a shower of purple swords and fire fell on top of the other 2 men as Tor leapt out of the way and the 2 men were torn to pieces and burned alive.  Tor fired his laser pistol at Famaron and clipped his shoulder and Famaron winced in pain, but then shouted,” Powbal for shepherds!”
     Then an 8 foot tall Baatold appeared and grabbed hold of Tor and bit into his shoulder and Tor’s blood oozed out of the wound.  Then Tor was able to raise his pistol and began blasting the Baatold in the chest repeatedly.  After 8 shots the Baatold had a gaping hole in its chest you could see right thru.
     “ We should get out of here quick,” said Saram as she watched the battle.
     “ Maybe you’re right, there could be more of them coming.  Let’s head for the main lobby,” said Famaron sternly.
     Then all 4 of them ran out of the hangar bay and into a long oval hallway.  There were 2 dozen arching paintings of Gados lining the walls on either side. 
     Gados was a central figure spiritually in the seedy underworld of Parscan.  He was the central guru in an ancient religion known as Posism Beliefs.  They believed that Goarote put 100 slaves in the world for every one Posi as they were called.  They felt it was their right to enslave the people of Parscan for their own good.  They also practiced a form of chanting called Brem, where you said various phrases like,” Too many questions of a weak person’s mind.  I am all powerful I own mankind,” as you drank a red and green liquid known as Ocrep that gave you hallucinations and increased brain function.  Gados sent his minions out into society as fake normal people with jobs and families as they waited for Aup or the day of reckoning.  Gados had dark green and blue braided hair that was braided into cubes with diamond affixed in the center.  He was 6’5” 269 pound brick house with massive powerful hands.
     The floor of the hallway was covered in Ensul liquid, which disinfected your shoes, but felt dry to the touch.  It also gave off a thin yellow vapor which killed most colds and relieved all headaches.
     “ That was close, who were those men and why were they trying to kill you?” asked Ratie as she looked back to see if they were being followed.
     “ I’m not sure, but if I had to guess I’d say they were Gados disciples,” said Famaron as he noticed the painting of Gados.
     “ Who’s that?” asked Saram as she looked at Famaron.
     “ Posism Beliefs, they’re more of a religion then a gang, but they’ve been after me for quite some time.  I wouldn’t worry thou, they’re usually on some drug or 2 that makes them all zoned out.  Like back there that man had the jump on me, but was too loaded to fire a straight shot.  So I wouldn’t worry,” said Famaron as he walked past a set of black steel doors and then stopped and said,” Let’s go thru the kitchen this hallway is a little long.”
     “ Fine with me,” said Saram as she straightened her dress.
     “ Me also,” said Ohgood then he turned around and followed Famaron into the kitchen.
     Inside the kitchen there were 20 instant cooking ovens which could bake a cake in 2 seconds by sending a wave of heat thru it from every angle.  The instant ovens were made from black steel and looked like a person’s head, with you simply putting the food on top of it and it would lower into the center and the oven was floating 3 feet above the floor in the center of the room.  There were 4 ten foot long yellow hexagon shaped refrigerators that were lining either wall.  Hanging from the ceiling were a large wooden v shaped case filled with all the cakes, pies, and assorted deserts.  The floor had a black rug with Famaron’s face sewn into it with gold thread.
     “ Anybody hungry?” asked Famaron as he walked past one of the 20 chefs working diligently.
     “ A bit yeah, what do you got?” asked Ohgood as he watched a large round Fower steak rise up out of an instant oven.
     “ Whatever you savior, how about a Fower steak and a Pemy pie?” asked Famaron warmly as he waved to a chef to come over.
     Fower was a 20 foot high pig like animal with red hairless skin and a cube shaped head.  It also had a large round white nose and green eyes that went in different directions.  Its meat was similar to a cows, but it had a sweeter taste.
     Pemy pies were made from the Pemy fruit which was green in color and shaped like a bicycle wheel.  It tasted very sweet like an apple, but also tart like a lemon but when you put the almond glaze on top and the homemade crust the pie went over the top in flavor.
     A chef in a seal black leather suit named Parnam, with a red apron and hat came over and asked,” Yes, Emperor, we have everything, what would you like?” asked Parnam brightly as he stood with his hands at his side.
     “ It looks like 4 steaks 4 Pemy pies and a bottle of Dordanet.  And ah…why don’t you go ahead and get us a table.  Oh, and let Patu know I’m here so he can prepare my suite.  And thanks I appreciate the effort and it won’t go unrewarded,” said Famaron warmly then he grinned at Parnam.
     “ It will be taken care of and your usual table will be ready when you get there bye, Emperor,” said Parnam then he hurried away and began telling the other chefs what to prepare.
     “ Hungry are we, Emperor of nothing,” said Tor snidely as he stood behind Famaron with his gun at his side.
     Famaron heard his voice and turned around slowly and then said sadly,” I it’s nothing we’re standing on air.  Why, young man, are you trying to kill me?” asked Famaron as he watched Tor’s pistol out of his peripheral vision while he kept his eyes on Tor.
     “ Because you are a plague on Parscan.  You destroy her promise with every selfish breath from that pompous head of yours.  We won’t hide in the shadows for much longer, Emperor of nothing,” said Tor snidely as he glared at Famaron.
     “ Blood deathly flow from right below!” shouted Famaron quickly as he raised his staff. 
     Then a 2 ton black spike covered marble ball appeared above Tor and before he could move it fell on top of him crushing his body flat to the rug.  His arms reached out from under the ball as a pool of blood quickly formed then Ohgood said plainly,” Alright, let’s get our table.”
     Everyone looked at him then laughed and Ratie said sarcastically,” Yeah, that’s just what I was thinking, Ohgood.”
     “ I thought so, I know my sis and she knows me, give me a kiss,” said Ohgood slyly then he kissed Ratie on the cheek.
     “ You are the biggest rascal on the planet and I would know because I’ve dated all the others,” said Ratie as she pushed Ohgood away     
     “ It’s nonstop excitement whenever I see you, Famaron, why is that?” asked Saram as she took hold of Famaron’s arm and smiled.
     “ Well, when you’re the most powerful man in the world there is always a group of people who envy your power, intellect, and handsomeness,” said Famaron.
     “ Lack of humbleness,” said Ohgood quickly as he walked behind Famaron and Saram.
     “ See what’d I tell ya.  It’s a burden not many could carry, but I make due it’s hard thou,” said Famaron smoothly as he walked thru the kitchen and up to a pair of red S shaped doors.
     “ I bet it is, boy have I missed you.  You still are the toughest man alive right?” asked Saram playfully as she stroked Famaron’s forearm.
     “ If they gave out an award I’d have a wall filled with them, gorgeous,” said Famaron smoothly as he looked deep into Saram’s eyes then he kissed her passionately.
     “ Oh please, that’s the lamest line I ever heard,” said Ohgood as he grimaced and threw up his hands.
     “ I thought it was truly romantic.  Way to go, Famaron,” said Ratie softly as she watched them kiss and licked her lips.
     “ What are you kidding me, that’s the type of line you’d use in a brothel.  Which would be followed by you want sucky sucky, please,” said Ohgood sternly as he looked at Ratie who was still watching them kiss.’
     Then they walked out of the kitchen and into the Hocko restaurant.  Hocko had 20 round black floating tables surrounded by brown leather circular couches that levitated 10 inches off the floor.  On each of the tables there was a built in touch screen computer to instantly order anything you wanted.  There was also a free water dispenser that would have blue glass cups of water rise up out of the table at the press of a button.  There was also a cigarette and cigar machine built right in.  The tables were arranged in a u shape with a green 3 foot high revolving stage in front of them that a variety of acts from comedians to rock bands to theater, even martial arts would perform while you ate.  The walls had a collection of celebrity clients faces inside computer monitors that showed their latest photos or even clips from their films.  In between the monitors were hundreds of mini robots known as key, that were 
used to put on elaborate battles on top of mini platforms of red steel.  The key robots looked like actual armies of yesteryear and often times would reenact famous battles like the Devosaw war.
     The Devosaw war was a bitter battle between Yeams, which were normal people, and wizard kind.  They fought over the wizards wanting equal rights as they were being forced to hide their magic from non magic kind for fear of reprisals.  The battle lasted 8 years and the Yeams eventually gave in and the wizards and people of magic were allowed to no longer hide in the shadows and be free to practice magic openly in public.
     The ceiling was made of a thick glass and the workout area was above and clearly visible from in Hocko.  There were dozens of people using the gym.
     As Famaron walked in a beautiful green haired tall woman escorted them to his usual table and then brought out their 4 Fower steaks, the Pemy pies and the bottles of Dordanet and then left and Famaron said boldly,” I decree that if the children of the world need a father I am busy being everything to everyone.  So get back in the gutter and find my glass of pennies!”
     “ That was beautiful, I always loved Tomka,” said Saram as she clapped softly.
     Tomka was a play about an evil town owner who steals all the towns people’s money by raising prices on all their daily necessities until they’re all flat broke.  Then he lets them all starve and sends them away after taking their homes for unpaid bills.  It was written by a homeless man who lived in an abandoned cereal factory before he struck it rich with the play and moved into a large chateau.             

     





     After eating their meals and drinking 3 bottles of Dordanet, everyone sat waiting for the next show to start and Ratie asked,” So now that someone had tried to kill us do you think they’ll give us a break on the bill?”
     “ They’d better or they’ll be cooking on a stove as our desert,” said Famaron quickly as he grinned.
     “ Is that with or without pudding?” asked Ohgood jokingly then he sipped his glass of wine.
     “ Then the holographic curtain disappeared and on the stage there were 4 actors, 2 male and 2 female sitting at a table just like the one Famaron was at.  They were even dressed like everyone at the table.
     “ Hey, Famaron, those actors look awfully familiar don’t ya think,” said Ohgood implying a question as he sat forward in his seat.
     “ A little too familiar, let’s hope it’s all in good fun,” said Famaron as he tried not to show how agitated he was at what was happening.
     Then on the stage the fake Famaron said sternly,” The poor are worthless, we should just line ‘em up and mow ‘em down with laser pistols.  Trust me no one would care.”
     “ Hey didn’t you tell a joke like that a little while ago?” asked Saram as she looked at Famaron perplexed.
     “ I did, but I didn’t say it like that.  They’re making me look like a monster,” said Famaron in disgust as he fidgeted in his seat.
     Then the actor playing Ohgood said coldly,” Your almost right, why waste the pistol fire just use a bread line that leads over a cliff that would save the hassle of cleaning up the bodies.”
     “ What!?  I said that as a joke not as a real thing.  What is this crap?” asked Ohgood as he glared at the actor playing him who was slightly smiling.
     Then the actor playing Ratie said sternly,” You know you’re attractive, Saram, but you’re more of a slut them you let on.  I think you should wash off a pound of that makeup.”
     “ I never said that, I said you were a classy broad.  How could anybody think that I meant that?” asked Ratie as she looked at Saram who was looking back at her with her mouth agape.
     “ It’s alright, I know you didn’t mean it,” said Saram to Ratie.
     “ I didn’t mean it, I didn’t say it,” said Ratie in disbelief.
     Then the actor playing Ratie said sternly,” I did say it and I meant every word of it you 2 bit tramp.  You’re the trashiest woman in this bar.”
     “ Why would you say that, Ratie?” asked Ohgood as he looked at Ratie with concerned eyes.
     “ What, oh you brat that’s not funny.  I would never say that about anyone and you know it uhhh,” said Ratie sternly then she pulled out a cigarette and lit it and began smoking.
     “ Then the actress playing Saram said,” It’s o.k. you’re just a moronic young unattractive virgin.  I don’t give your words any weight.”
     Then the actor playing Famaron said snidely,” Ya know I’m a real jerk and a buffoon who only thinks of himself, but at least I’m selfish and poorly groomed.”
     “ Ya know he’s right,” said Ohgood slyly as he grinned at Famaron.
     “ Ohh really this troop of actors is too poorly trained to get under my skin.  But if they really wanted to they’d insult poor Ohgood.  That would truly vex me,” said Famaron slyly as he crossed his arms and grinned.
     Then the actor playing Ohgood said,” You know if I weren’t the most poorly educated transient in the soup line, I’d be dumber than dirt.  I mean that, that wasn’t easy for me to admit.”
     Then the actor playing Famaron said warmly,” We know it hasn’t been easy for you with dung for brains, but at least you’re a bad person.  And you’ll always have that o.k., snuggy bear.”
     “ Snuggy bear, how did you know what nobody calls me, but dinner theater poorly gifted actors.  Well I’ve never been so complimented in all my life.  To think I ate such a fine meal and now I feel no embarrassment at all except for the actors on stage, outrageous!” said Ohgood sarcastically then he pretended to slam his fist and spit.
     Everyone laughed and then the actors on stage looked agitated.  Then Famaron said loudly,” Ya know that actor looks just like me only shorter fatter balder and generally less attractive!  But boy is he funny he talks the things I say and says them in a way even a child would laugh!  C’mon let’s hear some more of your hilarity!”
     Then Famaron stood up and bowed to the actors and they grimaced and then the holographic curtain reappeared and Ohgood asked,” Who’s up for hitting the road?”
     “ That would be me,” said Ratie quickly then she stood up.
     “ You ain’t kiddin’,” said Saram as she stood up.
     “ What and miss all the great acting.  Yeah let’s get a good distance from this debacle,” said Famaron then he downed his wine and got up and started to leave.  
     They left the restaurant and went into the elevator.  Inside it had a thick black leather padding on all the walls, with a computer monitor on the back wall that was playing a collage of Prasau Tarmo’s latest accomplishments.
     Prasau was a renaissance man who did just about everything from painter to philosopher who’d penned 20 books including,” Myself, as he knows it,.  Which was a collection of life experiences and had words of wisdom like,” If the angry man wouldn’t allow your normal self to walk on past.  Become the ferocity you once knew until passage is assured,” as well as,” Take the hand of Teverus, but not the mind for his thoughts are too pure to do both.”  Prasau was a slight man of 5’7” 146 pounds.  He has dark brown thick short hair, with a round widows peak in the center.  His eyes were baby blue and warm.  On his left cheek there is a tattoo of a gargoyle eating a human heart, which is the crest of the Senpond Keepers.
     The Senpond Keepers were an organization of ruthless gangsters who controlled all of the illegal operations on Parscan.  They were known to be incredibly vicious in their collecting of debts and were known to carry grudges ‘til the person they carried it against was no more.  They were based in Troitsa 
and it was well known by the government and especially Famaron.  Prasau was the leader and kept the rival gangs in battle with each other by using disguises and doing crimes on their turf.
     Famaron looked at the monitor and saw Prasau and grimaced and then said sadly,” I almost forgot that Troitsa was your town.”
     “ Who’s town?” asked Saram as she took Famaron’s arm.
     “ Prasau, the worst gangster on Parscan and an absolute terror to behold.  Let’s keep our wits about us that stunt at dinner was a sign of something,” said Famaron sternly as he touched the 5th floor button and let out a sigh.
     “ Really, well I hope he doesn’t try anything else, because that would really suck,” said Ratie honestly as she looked at footage of Prasau.
     “ He wouldn’t dream of it or I might get angry.  Then I might get 10,000 troops here in an hour and have them tear thru the streets on a rampage mission to find his minions.  But he knows that and is probably listening to me right now from his private suite,” said Famaron sternly as he stood calmly waiting for the elevator to start moving.
     Inside Prasau’s private suite he sat in his black velvet throne at the top of his 2 foot white pedestal in his living room.  There were a dozen beautiful women lying about scantily clad on his thick Baatold rug.  There were a pair of red 10 foot tall mahogany states of Prasau in the center of the room facing in opposite directions.  There was also a large window slash t.v. monitor that had the ability to do both with a press of a button, the monitor covered a 30 foot long wall in front of Prasau’s throne.  On the left side of the room were a large collection of weapons from laser bazookas to 8 foot staffs, to Wrapchap sticks.
     Wrapchap sticks could be thrown at a wall and create a doorway by scrambling the atoms momentarily or be ingested and give a person anti gravity and laser vision.
     The ceiling in the room was covered in a holographic noon day sun and lamps gave you the feeling of actual sunlight.  Prasau sat listening and watching Famaron on the t.v. monitor wearing a pure white and tan suit as well as a pair of red leather Trubaw sneakers.
     Trubaws were filled with dense old magic and gave you incredible speed and jumping ability.
     He also had on a pair of red liquid Gamcap sunglasses, which were made from a thick liquid magic that looked like they were alive.
     “ Yes, Famaron, I am watching and I am debating your early demise.  You may think you can intimidate me, but I have the true power!” shouted Prasau and then he stood up and walked over towards the t.v. and as he did a mini bar came out of the ceiling and lowered down right in front of him.
     He grabbed a bottle of Bairo vodka and drank it down then said snidely,” You want to play with me.  We will have a party come tomorrow.  Then you will know my true power, Famaron, you’ll beg for your life at my feet!” shouted Prasau then he tossed the bottle of Bairo thru the t.v monitor and it disappeared.
     Meanwhile Famaron and the rest were inside the Orbs of Life gymnasium.  It had a 1400 yard long red and orange mountain of sand stone course set up with hundreds of twists and turns and tall spires and secret passageways and even a castle with the floor covered in a thick blue rug.  That was hidden by a holographic projection of water, sand, grass and even animals.  The Orb of Life was a 3 foot tall man hidden in the course.  Once you had found him you tucked him away in a backpack.  Then you had to 
find the finish chamber which was hidden somewhere in the course.  While the other team tried to steal the Orb of Life from you.  At the beginning of the game each person put up 30 Ayasor bills.
     Ayasor bills were the national currency on Parscan and 30 would buy you 2 weeks groceries.
     The winners got all the money put up plus they were given a Larguc thrust.  A Larguc thrust was a pure beam of dense magical energy that even in non wizards gave them certain powers even being able to wield a staff for brief periods of time.  You bombarded a person’s body with the green and red triangular beams for 30 seconds and then toweled off exposed skin.
     “ Alright Orbs of life is what I’m all about tonight,” said Ratie as she jumped up and down.
     “ You’re not the only one, we may need some different shoes thou,” said Famaron as he looked at Saram’s heels.
     “ They’ve got some over there in that black booth,” said Ohgood as he pointed to the large black paying booth at the start of the course that was built into a rock wall.
     “ Works for me, let’s get a bit of victory shall we,” said Famaron implying a question.
     Then they walked over to the paying booth and saw a long white and green haired old man with a thick perfectly straight beard named Coldio Pourma.  He had dark red eyes with yellow squares throughout them.  He was 6’2” and had a barrel chest and powerful arms.
     “ we’d like to play and get some footwear if that’s alright,” said Ohgood warmly.
     “ That’s great so would I,” said Coldio coldly as he stood emotionless.
     “ Don’t you work here?” asked Saram hopefully as she looked at Famaron and then Coldio.
     “ No my lovely I own the place.  And I am dying for a true challenge and you 4 look like you can give it to me.  Would you like to play me and my wife and our 2 sons?” asked Coldio warmly as he walked thru a holographic wall and stood beside Saram.
     “ We would indeed, but if this is your place you could rig the game.  How could we know it was totally fair?” asked Ohgood sternly as he looked at everyone and then touched Coldio’s beard and glared at him.
     “ Look, son, I’m not hurtin’ for money.  All’s I want is the thrill of victory by being truly challenged.  Now if I rigged it, it would give me neither.  So what do you say?” asked Coldio as he flashed a wild smile.
     “ I say you’ve got a match, but we’re not gonna take it easy on you and your family,” said Famaron slyly as he grinned.
     “ I wouldn’t have it any other way, Emperor, the bragging rights will be all the sweeter if you give it your all.  Now, let’s see a little Ayasors and quick I feel my young man’s blood pumpin’ again,” said Coldio happily as he grinned.
     “ I wouldn’t get too happy I’d hate to see your hopes get crushed in front of your family,” said Famaron slyly as he pulled out his red steel wallet filled with half paper and half metal Ayasors.
     “ Oh ho ho I like you, Emperor, you’ve got spirit.  But all good times are fleeting and bad pungent memories linger forever.  And it’s all about making memories today my friends ha ha,” said Coldio slyly as he set his Ayasors on the counter.
     Then his wife and 2 sons appeared with his wife Gamo carrying a black helmet.  Gamo was wearing a long red silk dress with black sneakers.  She had pure white hair that was wrapped in a ponytail.  She was a handsome woman and all of 5’5” and 200 pounds.  Her sons were the spitting image of their father, but Lore was 4 inches shorter then Happo the oldest one.
     Everyone paid their Ayasors to the young blue haired woman in the both then went to their team starting spots and Famaron said sternly,” O.K. look, I’m not losing to that old coot.  I say we lay the hammer down and find the Orb of Life quick.”
     “ That’s easy to say, but it could be anywhere.  Where do we start?” asked Ratie as she attached her green backpack.
       “ No not anywhere, I would bet they hid it in a secret passageway.  Now the obvious place would be that castle, but I am betting it’s in one of those spires over there, because look how everything leads away from there,” said Famaron sternly as he pointed to the red spire on the left side of the course.
     “ we should send one of us to the castle thou, just in case,” said Ohgood as he looked at Coldio getting ready.
     “ True, I’ll go to the castle and if I find the Orb of Life I’ll make my way slowly to the center of the course.  That’s how you’ll know I’ve found it,” said Ratie then she nodded to Famaron and grinned at Ohgood.
     “ Good idea, then Saram and Ohgood and I will head for the spires.  If you get in trouble just start yelling and we’ll come runnin’,” said Famaron sternly as he looked Ratie in the eyes.
     “ I wouldn’t worry I can whip some butt if I have too, but I’ll yell, don’t worry if they catch me,” said Ratie coyly as she smirked and then nodded.
     Then a Bakinger bird flew up in the air and exploded sending its green feathers flying leaving only the words,” Get ready for chaos,” left where it had been.
     “ Everybody set,” said Ohgood sternly as he braced himself as did everyone else.
     Then the hologram on the ground turned into a pack of Baatolds and they ran in every direction.  Then a booming voice said, “ Run for your lives it all starts now!”
     Then Coldio and his family ran into a tunnel on the right side of the course, while Ratie ran full out across a wooden bridge towards the red stone castle.  Famaron and the rest tore up a brief staircase towards the spires.  As Famaron got to the top first a black rubber arm came out of the wall and grabbed his right arm firmly and Famaron said sternly,” Now that was a jolt!”
     Then Ohgood punched the rubber arm and it let go and Ohgood said happily,” The official fun comes later let’s tear out of here.”
     Just as he said that, the ground beneath Ohgood turned into a white pond of milk that went up to his ankles and Saram said slyly,” It’s later.”
     Meanwhile Ratie was going thru a mini maze of 6 foot statues of Prasau holding a golden staff and shield.  She ran around a corner and in front of her was a blue swirling magical portal.  She took a look the said hopefully,” What’s the worst that could happen?”
     Then she walked thru it and was suddenly in a game room inside the castle.  There were hundreds of small and large games from a Luserum game, which was a fighting game where you fought a padded 
robot made to look like an old woman, to the Crebam game which was a game where you fought off mini Worights with a laser bat with the winner being the person to destroy 10 first.  There was also a pair of red hamburger bun shaped wood tables with 3 triangular chairs around them floating 1 foot above the ground on either side of the room.  The walls had a waterfall of green water on the left and a walk in room on the right with actors playing the roles of party guests at a party.
     “ O.K. somebody had an unfulfilled childhood or they just need a hug either way, I’m findin’ you Orb of Life wherever you are,” said Ratie as she walked into the room.
     She walked around the Luserum robots and then suddenly they began attacking her by trying to wrestle her to the ground.  She punched one in the throat and it did a spin and fell onto one of the red wood tables and Ratie said sternly,” Careful boys, I may be a whole lot of angry.”
     Then she grabbed the arm of the other one and tore it from its socket and threw it across the room.  The robot looked at her in fear then ran away screaming and Ratie said triumphantly,” And the truly powerful are victorious over the weak and timid,” and then she shouted,” If you’re in here Orb of Life show yourself or you’re in for a hurtin’”
     Then nothing happened so she started to look around by kicking over all the games 2 at a time.
     Meanwhile Famaron, Ohgood and Saram were going thru a maze of padded feather covered walls, with black eyeballs every 12 inches staring out at them.  The ground was covered in a thick red sand and as Saram took a step suddenly a pair of men in red dragon costumes grabbed hold of her and began trying to drag her under as she screamed.  Ohgood saw this and shouted as he raised his staff,” Grapleverus be backen!”
     Then a yellow hand the size of a man appeared and punched one man in the face sending him reeling.  Then it grabbed the other man and tossed him up against the wall as he shouted,” Hey it’s just a game!”
    “ It is now, pal,” said Ohgood coldly as he smiled.
     Then Saram ran over to Ohgood and hugged him and said breathlessly,” Thank you for saving me, Ohgood, it was very scary.”
     Famaron looked at Ohgood who was smiling and said,” Alright enough already we’ve got distance to travel.”
     “ Alright, but maybe I needed that gentle kind passionate hug from Saram to inspire me to find the Orb of Life.  We need all the help and hopefully kisses we can get,” said Ohgood jokingly as he grinned from ear to ear.
     “ Oh brother,” said Famaron as he rolled his eyes.
     Meanwhile Coldio and his family were also inside the castle in a 100 foot long room filled with large guns and small guns from retired battleships.  There were also boxes of Lamolt dolls, which were funny dolls that would cast light strength spells if you gave them a hug or kiss.  They looked like people with cat’s heads and had orange bird’s wings.
    “ Alright family o’ mine spread out and bring me the good stuff,” said Coldio happily as he walked out into the center of the room.
     Then Happo started going thru a box of Lamolt dolls and when he grabbed one it cast a floating spell and Happo began to float and spin in a circle and he said nervously,” Ah, dad, I did something and I don’t know how to undo it.”
     “ Coldio, get over there and help him quick,” said Gamo sternly as she checked her hair in the reflection on a 10 foot gun barrel.
     “ Oh, Happo, just give me a second,” said Coldio sharply then he pulled a small wand form his pocket and shouted,” Bluborow meorit thine!”
     Then Happo fell suddenly on the top of a gun barrel and got hit hard in the balls and said softly,” Maybe a little softer next time.”
     Then Coldio grabbed hold of one of the guns that was 6 feet long and black and said boldly,” Now this is the stuff.  Had one of these in my day boy did we make a lot of noise together I tell you.”
     “ Careful with that, Coldio, you could hurt someone alright,” said Gamo sharply as she looked around.
     “ Oh woman don’t tell me I can’t handle a…,”said Coldio but as he did the gun started to fire and blow 30 of the Lamolts into a million pieces and blow a 4 foot hole in the castle wall before he got control of it and stopped firing and then said boldly,” That was some sweet lovin’ bay, I know you felt it.”
     “ You idiot you could have messed up my new permanent!  Next time you want to play Mr.hero you do it somewhere far away from me.  By Goarote I ought to slap your face red,” said Gamo sternly as she glared at Coldio.
     “ Woman you always know how to turn me on.  You wait ‘til later when we get home.  I’ll mess up that permanent but good,” said Coldio slyly as he grinned.
     “ Oh stop it, really,” said Gamo as she blushed and felt her hair with her fingers.
     “ Dad, I found something come quick!” said Happo as he tried to open a secret passageway on the right wall.
     Coldio hurried over as did Gamo and Coldio grabbed hold of the golden half moon shaped door handle and began twisting it.  He gave a quick thrust and it sprung open revealing a dimly torch lit room with 2 dozen lavish urns in 4 rows of 6 and Coldio said sternly,” This is it I know he’s in here.  Search every one of those urns, go get to it!”
     “ Oh hold your horses there’s no rush.  If he’s in here then we’ve won simple as pie,” said Gamo as she leisurely walked over to a dark blue gold urn.
     Gamo slid open the lid and a man was inside with a paint hose filled with red paint and he blasted her in the face and said,” Try again, gorgeous.”
     “ What, what kind of crap is this.  How dare you ruin my permanent oh boy am I mad,” said Gamo as she shook off some of the red paint.
     “ I don’t know if I dare open another,” said Coldio then he opened a yellow urn and a pair of mechanical birds flew out and bit him right in the crotch and he shouted,” Oh Goarote you bastard I’ll never forgive you for that!”
     Meanwhile Ratie was exploring the castle and had walked into a room that had different color and different shaped doors on all the walls, floor, and even the ceiling.
     “ Oh great, that’s all I need is a hundred different doors to check great,” said Ratie sadly as she threw up her hands and rolled her eyes.
    Then she grabbed a silver door handle on the floor to the right and said sadly as she opened it,” Gee I wonder if you’re in here ahh.”
     Then inside she saw a red leather sack the size of a barrel that had something in it.  So she grabbed hold of the draw strings and untied them.  Inside was a green skinned dwarf with red hair and he laughed and asked plainly,” Are you gonna take the Orb of Life or what?  Cause it’s a little bit uncomfortable in here.”
     “ Yes yes of course, here give me your hands,” said Ratie as she reached in and then pulled out the 2 foot tall Orb of Life and said brightly,” You just made my whole life.  Don’t worry I’ll take care of you.  Hop into my backpack quick before someone comes along,” said Ratie as she turned around and leaned back.
     “ O.K. I’ll do just that, but before we leave I am permitted to give you a clue about the finish line,” said the Orb of Life as he climbed into the backpack.
     “ O.K. let’s hear it,” said Ratie as she smiled.
     “ When a climber could go or a drunkard could perish is where you should be standing to find where you finish,” said the Orb of Life boldly then he patted Ratie on top of the head softly and laughed.
     “ O.K. sounds like it’s up high.  If that’s the case it will take some doing to get there.  What I have to do now is find Ohgood and everyone and not get caught with you.  Well we’re off,” said Ratie hopefully then she started walking back to where she came in.
     Famaron, Ohgood, and Saram were climbing up a spiral staircase heading up on one of the spires when Ohgood asked,” Did I really need to roll out of bed this morning to climb 6 flights of stairs?”
     “ Oh c’mon this is the fun part, the tough part’s yet to come.  We may have a bit of a battle if we find the Orb of Life,” said Famaron as he walked up the last 6 steps to the top of the spire.
     On top there was a pair of red leather love seats and a chair around a dark brown mahogany table, with a crystal wine bottle and a dozen chocolate brownies on a silver tray.  There was also 6 suits of armor standing in a circle around the love seats and chair, with long black staffs in their hands.  On the left side there was a large black powerful telescope on a swivel.  On the right side there was a pile of cooking and spells books.  The ground was covered over in a thick dark blue rug with the words,” Finish line,” sewn into it in white thread.  As Famaron walked over to the gold and black suit of armor he said hopefully,” Well we’re somewhere, but somewhere ain’t here.”
     “ Wait, look at the rug it says finish line.  We found the end, now we just need the Orb of Life,” said Ohgood enthusiastically as he smiled.
     “ Hey let’s try the telescope maybe we can see it from here,” said Saram as she grabbed hold of the telescope and started scanning the course and then said softly,” I don’t see it anywhere so far…there’s the castle and Coldio.  Still looking and ..oh I don’t see it, but I can see Ratie walking towards the center.
     “ What,” said Famaron as he took the telescope and then saw Ratie and said boldly,” It looks like there’s something in her backpack.  I think she’s got it, the question now is how do we tell her where to go,” said Famaron implying a question as he tried to think.
     “ Why don’t we just cast a Dollo spell and send her the message of where we are?” asked Ohgood.
     “ Yes, alright let me just check on Coldio, oh no he’s heading right for Ratie.  I’ll have to cast it quick,” said Famaron quickly then he raised his staff and shouted,” Yomava Omait find wings and go!”
     Then a purple and green liquid flaming 1 foot tall bird appeared in front of Famaron and he said sternly,” Go to that woman down there and tell her we are in the first spire at the top.  Tell her Coldio is right behind her and to hurry now go!”
     Then the liquid bird flew away at breakneck speed towards Ratie who was at the center of the course.
     “ Hurry little birdie go go,” said Saram as she watched the bird thru the telescope.
     Ratie was standing in the center felling her forearms and scratching her neck and then she whispered,” Where are you Ohgood, I’m here waiting ahh.”
     Then she saw the liquid bird heading right at her and asked,” What is that?  Looks like a giant rain drop, weird.”
     As the bird got close she heard Coldio yell,” Gamo, would you pipe down I can’t do everything!  Goarote, I’m just one man with one pair of hands and one brain!”
     This sent a shiver thru Ratie’s body and she didn’t know what to do so she started running away form Coldio’s voice, as well as in the opposite direction as the spires.  She ran around a corner and right in front of her was the liquid bird and it startled her and she said boldly,” Stop following me you crazy bird.  I don’t have any food to give you.”
     Then the bird said in a high voice,” Your friends are at the top of the first spire.  Coldio is right behind you, hurry go.”
     “ Nice, thank you Famaron, now the only question is how do I get by Coldio and kin.  It won’t be easy uhh,” said Ratie as she tried to think of a way to sneak past Coldio and then she took a look around and 
saw a white stairway down into the ground and as she saw this she heard Coldio say sternly,” I never would have married you if I’d known you’d nag 15 years off my life you vicious cookie eating wind bag.”
     Then Ratie darted down the white staircase just a second before Coldio came around the corner.  She went down and around a torch lit part of stairs and came into a long x shaped pool area.  It had a left wall that was engulfed in a blue flame, with a circular painting of Prasau inside a case in the center.  On the right side there was a line of 20 little people holding rubber swords and balls of meat.  Ratie saw this and said,” Oh no, this looks bad.”
     As she started to run towards a red door at the other end of the pool the little people began bombarding her with the balls of meat and chasing her with their swords.  They began stabbing the back of her legs with their hard rubber swords and Ratie shouted,” Leave me alone that hurts!”
     Outside Coldio heard the scream and said sternly,” Hey, that sounds like one of theirs.  Maybe they’ve got the Orb of Life, follow me!”
     Then Coldio ran down the stairs and as he got to the bottom got nailed right in the eye with a ball of meat.  Ratie was already at the doorway and going thru when Coldio spotted her and said boldly,” She’s got it, the Orb of Life in her backpack I can see it!”
     Ratie ran thru the door and into an elevator.  It had hundreds of small statues both wood and steel of tanks, Flashers, Worights, and battleships with mini soldiers on and in all of them.
     Ratie pressed the black button with a DT written on it and just as the doors closed she saw Coldio running at the elevator.  Up the elevator she went as Coldio was a second too slow and Ratie said anxiously,” That was so close, oh please take me to a way out.”
     Then all the model ships started to move and even fire tiny laser blasts at Ratie, but as they did the elevator stopped and the doors spun open and revealed she was at the top of the wrong spire.  She went outside anyway to take a look.  There was a rubber collection of animals that had everything from Baatolds to Zamtru’s lying about.
     Zamtru’s were a blue and red polka dotted horse like creature, with a head shaped like a baseball.  They had 3 eyes of green, red, and yellow with the 3rd eye at the tip of their long banana like noses.
     Ratie saw Ohgood, Famaron, and Saram across the way 40 feet on the other spire and asked sadly,” Oh great, now what do I do?”
     Ohgood saw her and said quickly,” There she is, but she’s on the wrong one, what are our options?” asked Ohgood as he waved to Ratie and nodded.
     “ Well ah…we’ll just go and get her.  Stand back I need a little space,” said Famaron sternly then he raised his staff and shouted,” Pacesu form a space before me!”
     Then in front of Famaron a rainbow fiery bridge formed all the way over to Ratie and Ohgood shouted,” Hurry, Ratie, it’s fine you won’t fall!”
     “ Oh great I’m gonna fall to my death for some stupid game.  Why do I do these things do I have some moron gene,” said Ratie sadly as she looked at the bridge and grimaced.
     “ Ratie, hurry up before Coldio comes!” shouted Ohgood as he looked fiercely at Ratie.
     “ Oh, Goarote, don’t let me end up a flattened Ratie,” said Ratie nervously as she tested the rainbow bridge with her foot.
     Then she let out a sigh and started to walk across very gingerly.  Behind her she heard the elevator coming and she said sadly,” Oh no oh no, I just have to run for it.”
     Then the elevator doors opened just as Ratie started to run.  Coldio saw her and darted out of the elevator and out onto the rainbow bridge.  Ratie ran full out, but Coldio was closing in on her.  She ran the last 2 steps and as she did she unfastened her backpack and quickly bowed her head.  This caused the Orb of Life to hurl forward out of the backpack and into Saram’s stunned arms.
     “ Yes we won!” shouted Ohgood as he embraced Saram and smiled.
     Ratie picked herself up off the ground and said hopefully,” This was fun, but more dangerous than I thought it would be.  The prize had better be worth it.”
     Then beneath all 4 of them the ground began to rise up as Coldio looked on from the rainbow bridge with a grimace on his face.  Then Gamo came up beside him and put her arm around him and said,” It’s alright, handsome, we almost beat the emperor himself.  That’s something to be proud of.”
     “ Yes, but I wish I could’ve been just a bit quicker.  That was a really exciting game thou whoowee,” said Coldio excitedly then he kissed Gamo on the lips.”
     Suddenly Famaron, Ohgood, Ratie, and Saram rose high up into the sky as bears of red and green magical energy began bombarding them and giving them chills as the Larguc thrust began.
     “ This is cool,” said Ohgood as his body shook.
     “ It’s amazing, I love it!” said Saram loudly as she felt the beams with her hands.
     “ We earned it, that was a wild match,” said Famaron as he was nailed in the chest with a beam and then the beams stopped and he said happily,” that was just what I needed hello victory.”
     “ I can’t believe we won.  They literally almost had me a bunch of times, honestly.  And then when I had to run across that bridge I almost died it was so scary,” said Ratie as she grinned and rolled her eyes.
     “ I wouldn’t let anything happen to you, that bridge was sturdy,” said Famaron as he looked at Ratie.







     At the edge of Troitsa in the castle of Det sat Gados and his 3 generals Lasor Pucket, Tarok, and Fists Pour.  There were 6 football fields of length in the royal living room, with a pyramid shaped ceiling that was 160 feet tall at its apex.  There were 2 peanut shaped swimming pools on either side of the room with an egg shaped 30 foot long and 8 foot tall brown mahogany dresser in the center.  It had hundreds of drawers filled with every magical device and electronic weapon known to man.  There was also an electronic keyboard on the front of it that when a button was pressed would open the appropriate drawer and its contents would float up and out of it.  At the far end of the room was a 50 foot tall shrine to Badosum, that included a 30 foot tall statue of him holding a staff in one hand and a baby gently in the other.
     Badosum was the most powerful wizard in the solar system before he turned his body into pure magic and vanished.  He was the one who cast the Hahop spell, which is the most difficult for wizards, that shifted the moons orbit enough to reverse the tides.  This made the city of Troitsa possible as the permanent low tide created a vast basin to build upon.  He also cast a Hahop spell that brightened the 
sunshine so that a few extra degrees of warmth made the winters more mild.  He once said,” If I could give you all everything you ever wanted, then none of you would know happiness, only sameness.”  His wife Bitkom buried his staff and notebooks inside a black steel casket 1 year after he disappeared.  And when grave robbers pried open the casket to steal the possession there was only a small white note that read,” Thank you, Bitkom, I needed these.”
     There were 3 blue padded claw shaped couches in front of the shrine, with a mini bar and refrigerator in front of them on a silver table.  All 4 men were sitting in front of the shrine on the couches drinking wine.
     “ It is all coming to a head tomorrow.  We’ll spring our brothers from Blasperu and wreck untold havoc.  It will be a fun day nonetheless,” said Gados plainly then he took a bite from a Jangerbo.
     Jangerbo were a chewy dark brown synthetic meat that tasted like filet mignon.  They came inside green wrappers that kept them perpetually heated and ready to eat. 
     “ What of Famaron and his massive army?” asked Lasor Pucket as he smoked a pencil thin black Breat cigarette. 
     Lasor Pucket was a slight man of 5’9” and had stripped long straight purple and red hair.  His chin had a double clef and his nose was long and lean.  He had dark red eyes and one ear had a double cleffed earlobe.  He had on a black robe, with a thin white t shirt over it that had tiny diamonds sewn into the fabric.  His shoes were tan in color and had a white tongue that sucked shut after you put them on.  Around his neck was a white ivory necklace with the Emblem of the Halbaltic gang dangling from it.
     “ Armies come and go if their ruler is a fool.  What he doesn’t realize is that a large number of his soldiers are sympathetic to our cause if you catch my drift.  So when the fighting starts it won’t be I who 
shows surprise when many of his own men turn against him,” said Gados as he yawned and chewed his Jangerbo softly.
     “ Excellent, that will be all of the advantage we will need.  Do you think that smug taker of life has any idea what’s about to happen?” asked Lasor snidely as he smiled menacingly and raise his cup of wine in the air and shook it.
     “ No, the foolish always believe that Goarote is taking care of them.  Well, right up until the moment they get their throats slit.  No dear Famaron is as conceited and preoccupied with his own ego that an attack like this will meet him with defenseless eyes.  Oh what a day for the downtrodden, they’ll finally take what you should have casually given,” said Gados proudly as he looked at everyone and smiled slightly.
     Back at Yokeperem everyone was enjoying a movie inside the Mokec’s movie theater.  It had 7 large round beds set up in a trio of rows with 1 more in the center row, and each one farther back being raised higher up on a pedestal.  On each of the 20 foot beds there was a full bar and also a computer monitor, that you just pressed what food you wanted and waiters dressed as Baatolds and Gargoyles would bring it immediately to you.  The beds could also be tilted at the touch of a button or turned into a massaging bed as well.  On the left side of the room there was a revolving set of doors made form green glass that were sound proofed so as the movie played you didn’t hear any outside sounds when people went in and out.  On the walls there were large 10 foot rubber statues on pedestals of all the greatest actors and actresses on Parscan.  From Pommy Yuwelci the male star of the film,” Road thief,” to the beautiful Moundi Beather form her Belpri winning movie,” To steal a Parscan heart,” which was about a teacher intentionally teaching his entire class the wrong answers to the course they are studying 
after his girlfriend leaves him for the Techtouch, a state of the art vibrator that gives her 8 orgasms a day.
     The Belpri is an acting award given to only 1 actor every six years who creates more than 8 hours of pure human emotion on screen, which on Parscan is the equivalent of 3 films.
     In front of the beds at the far end of the room was the holographic projection stage, where the film would literally appear to come to life.  The ceiling had a perfect white Baatolds fur covering it.
     “ I can’t wait for the Petty and the insane, I’ve heard it’s the greatest film ever made,” said Saram as she chewed a handful of Camcorns.
     Camcorns were like popcorn only they were solid and also had a caramel center.  They were green and red in color and shaped like a half roll of quarters.
     “ I heard that and I’ve been dying to see it for months,” said Famaron as he laid down beside Saram at the head of the bed, with Ohgood and Ratie lying in the middle of the bed near the front with blankets over them and pillows everywhere.
     “ It’s gonna be the Boatup bomb I know it,” said Ohgood loudly as he ate Camcorns from a blue paper bucket.
     Boatup bombs were large condensed magic bombs that could take a legion of soldiers and decimate them once it was detonated with a small remote control.  They were dropped from battleships and looked like a donut.
     “ We’re talkin’ Boatup here, Famaron, Boatup whowee,” said Ratie loudly as she danced with her hands while lying on her stomach.
     As they sat there the single opening act, known as a Gaddad appeared on the stage.  The Gaddad was a holographic wizard who said,” Get strapped in, get fed up cause you’re about to lose your lust and get a rush of love.  Keep your eyes on my hands and I’ll show my plans for enlightenment,” said the wizard then his hands turned into a Baatolds hands and he began to float above the stage and then he shouted,” Tingonama be thus!” 
     And his head became a Gorgsnap’s head, which was half lion half lizard beast with long red horns that came out above its eyes.
     “ That’s incredible I love it,” said Famaron warmly as he snuggled with Saram.
     “ It’s really fascinating I always loved Gorgsnaps anyway,” said Saram as she rubbed Famaron’s thigh.
     “ He looks a bit like someone I know, not mentioning any names, Ratie,” said Ohgood slyly then he shook Ratie’s arm.
     “ Well thanks for not mentioning yourself, Ohgood,” said Ratie smoothly then she rubbed his head and smiled and laughed.
     Now everyone pay close attention to what are now my legs, but with a simple spell,” said the wizard boldly and then he shouted,” Blopages formato done!”
     Then his legs turned into jet engines with a blue flame firing out of them.  Then he began flying in a gentle circle above the stage then he flew straight at the crowd at lightning speed.  Up over and around all the beds he flew coming within inches of setting Saram’s hair ablaze and she said boldly,” Oh this is great!”
     “ Talk about entertainment my friends whowee,” said Famaron energetically as he smiled. 
     “ This was already worth the price of coming huh?” asked Ratie as she looked at Ohgood.
     “ This and the Camcorns these are excellent try one,” said Ohgood as he handed Ratie 2 Camcorns.
     Then the wizard flew by Ohgood and grabbed a handful of Camcorns and Ratie said,” Hey what’s up with that?”
     Then the wizard headed straight for the stage and as he got there exploded leaving only the smoky words,” It’s movie time,” behind where he had been.  Then the hologram of the title,” Petty and the Insane,” appeared in thick red blocks that shot out over the crowd then disappeared.
     “ Here we go,” said Famaron happily as he looked at the stage and grinned.
     Then on the stage appeared a pair of 20 foot long battleships of Bampon the ruler of Odual that were accompanied by a pair of 3 foot tall Worights as they flew thru space.  Then a wormhole opened up and out came the Seset’s fighter jets in a horde of 46.  They instantly began firing on Bampon’s battleships and Worights.  Then on the right side of the stage showed a shot from inside Bampon’s captains quarters and a seal black haired man named Petius rushed to Bampon’s bed and Petius shouted,” We are being besieged on all sides, Emperor!”
     Bampon had light blonde hair that was cut to look like a pyramid.  And he was 6’0” and had a cherry red beard and yellow eyes.  He was a mound of shredded muscles.  He had on his black pajama pants and a silver necklace.  As he slowly rose up in his bed he looked at Petius and said,” Then fire back.”
     Then Bampon went back to bed while Petius looked at him for a few seconds and then said anxiously,” Of course, Emperor.”
     Then Petius went up to the war room and a beautiful red haired sergeant named Ongela came up to him and asked nervously,” Where is the Emperor, Petius?”
     “ Where’s your Goarote head, we are at war take your station immediately!” thundered Petius as he walked past Ongela and over to the captains chair.
     Ongela said softly,” Excuse me,” as she went to her station.
     Outside the battleship the Sesit were using Kamikaze techniques and smashed drone ships into the broad side of the battleship.  Petius saw this and shouted,” Full power to the shields!  Now get our jets out of the hangar bay and into space where they can do some good!”
     Then Ongela grabbed the com microphone and said sternly,” All fighter jets into the void immediately, take no prisoners execute total devastation.”
     Then Ohgood said snidely,” And the madness starts in earnest, bring it on.”
     Then 200 fighter jets poured out of the battleships and began laying siege to the Sesit fighters.  They blasted the Sesits with large particle scrambling canons that made large sections of the Sesit fighters break into molecules and scatter into space.
     “ That’s good work out there.  Now we need the Yonk to be set free,” said Petius sternly as he sipped his glass of rubbing alcohol.
     The side of Bampon’s battleship opened up and the huge Yonk robot spun out of it.  The Yonk had 3 heads each in Bampon’s image, with each having a different set of weapons.  From particle scramblers to heavy duty laser canons that had lasers so dense they would go thru an object and continue on for a 
quarter 30 years.  The Yonk also had mini helicopter swords that would spiral into ships tearing their way thru to the other side.
     “ Hey they’re using Yonks, but they changed my face to that idiot actors,” said Famaron in disbelief as he frowned.
     “ It’s alright, Famaron, it’s just a movie for Goarote’s sake,” said Saram as she laughed.
     Then the Yonk fired off 2 dozen helicopter swords and instantly several Sesit fighters were torn to shreds.  Then the Yonk fired its laser canon and it demolished 17 fighters and the square laser beam went off into space.  Then the Yonk started randomly grabbing fighters and crushing them in his hands.
     “ Awesome, who comes up with this stuff?” asked Ohgood in amazement.
     “ I do, that’s my Yonk up there with that moronic actors face on it,” said Famaron in disgust as he glared at the Yonk.
     “ Oh honey hush, I’m enjoying this,” said Saram as she grinned and watched the Yonk crush a pair of ships. 
     “ Hush, did a grown man just get hushed at a movie, I’ll give you a good hard hush upside your,” said Famaron sternly as he tried to control his anger.
     “ Boy that Yonk’s something, you should get some of those, Famaron, it’d be Boatup,” said Ohgood happily as he watched the movie.
     Famaron sat fuming and biting his tongue as his thoughts were of running up on stage and ruining the movie.
     Meanwhile a Sesit battleship with 10 huge laser canons on its front twice the size of Bampon’s ship came out of the wormhole and Petius said sternly,” Send Yonk after that ship now!”
     Then Ongela said into the microphone,” Yonk, leave the fighters and go after the battleship.”
     Then Yonk tossed away a fighter and leapt onto the battleship and began ripping huge chunks of it away with his hands.  Then he fired his laser canon and his helicopter blades into the battleship and flames burst out all over the ship.  Then Yonk’s 3rd head turned into a drill bit and he began drilling into the fuselage.  He drilled so fast only part of his body could be seen popping out of the hole.
     “ Oh I can’t watch, what’s gonna happen next?” asked Ratie anxiously as she gripped her pillow tightly.
     “ It’s o.k., Ratie, I bet it’s really good,” said Ohgood calmly then he rubbed Ratie’s back.
     Then the entire Sesit battleship exploded and pieces of it flew in every direction, and left where it had been was a smiling Yonk and Ohgood shouted,” Yes go Yonk!”
     “ That’s my Yonk thank me you little…” said Famaron sharply as he sulked.
     “ Good good, Yonk saved us from another defeat at the hands of the Sesit army, the Emperor will be pleased,” said Petius softly to himself.
     “ I am pleased, nice work, Petius, I knew you were ready to take the helm.  My only concern was how badly you’d defeat them, and it looks like you annihilated them.  Now, Petius, we must talk of the mission.  I can’t go into Tarmar city unless I know we can overthrow their government in one fowl swoop.  Can you give me that?” asked Bampon sternly as he glared at Petius.
     “ I can give you a medal ceremony with thunderous applause after we devastate their petty government.  I don’t make promises only guarantees and you will have the triumph you desire,” said Petius boldly then he grasped Bampon’s wrist and spun his fingers around it which was their traditional greeting.
     “ They thought we were dead, Petius, but only our fury was sleeping as our patience kept them at bay.  Tonight we scatter a few million misplaced dreams to the wind,” said Bampon greedily as he grinned wildly.
     2 hours later into the Petty and the insane Ohgood ate his last Camcorn and said,” Oh that really sucks, just when it’s getting good I run out of fuel.”
     “ Just press the button on the computer and order some more,” said Ratie quietly as she stayed transfixed on the film.
     “ Bampon, you’re dying there isn’t anything we can do now your organs are poked full of holes.  I, I am sorry I let you down dammit I should have done more,” said Petius as he wept and held Bampon’s bloody body in his arms.
     “ No, Petius, you did your best.  You made me so proud that I’m overjoyed at what a son you’ve been.  I often thought someday we’d be friends.  And look, we’re even more,” said Bampon brightly as he smiled at Petius and gripped his arms tightly.
     “ You don’t have to say these things and pretend to be happy for me, father, you’re dying, just…just die the way you should,” said Petius sternly as he cried and gazed at Bampon

     “ It’s not for you, Petius, it’s for me, it’s for me,” said Bampon then his eyes welled up and he began to shake and then he seized up and died.
     “ Bampon!  Father! Come back don’t go now when I need you!  Oh Goarote you’ve plagued our family so long, ease your grasp on our dreams,” said Petius fiercely as he clutched Bampon and cried.
     Saram and Famaron watched the scene and each were fighting back tears and Saram said softly,” That’s so beautiful, I just can’t…”
     “ It’s so moving and I love it,” said Famaron as he wiped a tear from his eye.
     “ Moving, this is so sappy and lame.  Talk about ruining the movie, you had me ‘til then,” said Ohgood sternly as he grimaced and stared at Famaron.
     “ Yeah this is really an old farts love affair with moving drama.  Whenever you get a director over 50 it’s always all these fake tearful scenes.  You know he ruined the Electronic Blade too,” said Ratie as she sipped her Pountain soda.
     Pountain is a soda comprised of 57 flavors with a mild aftertaste, that was used as a mild stimulant in the Fanis war.
     The Fanis war was a labor battle between the steel workers and the government over 20 percent sick tax on their wages.  The steel workers eventually lost when the army moved in and slaughtered 50,000 of them with laser canons.  The day became known as Lost Friends Day.
     “ Yes, with that movie love story twist at the end where the assassin fell for his sworn enemy, totally unbelievable, can I have a sip of your Pountain?” asked Ohgood as he reached out his hand.
     “ Sure,” said Ratie as she handed him her orange bowling pin shaped bottle.
     “ Thanks, I wonder how this Baatold biscuit ends.  Let me guess he becomes leader in some lavish ceremony,” said Ohgood in between sips.
     Then Petius was shown being flown back to the Herno castle inside a black Woright.  Then it showed a large crowd lining both sides of a chapel as Petius walked up the aisle and nodded to his wife Bodo and son Ta.  Then he walked up onto a white pedestal that was in front of a large statue of Bampon.  Then as Petius looked out over the crowd he saw the white image of Bampon and then it floated over the crowd and up to Petius and said boldly,” Petius, I decree that you rule over all my lands from hence forth.  This world now is yours for the taking.  Enjoy your life you earned it.”
     “ Lame, what’d I tell you this director’s brain fell out with his hair,” said Ohgood plainly as he yawned and stretched his arms.
     “ I think it’s beautiful.  It gives the story closure and weight,” said Famaron as he lifted his chin and smiled slightly.
     “ You’re right about the weight, I can’t wait ‘til it’s over ha ha,” said Ratie dryly then she pretended to be a fish gasping for air.
     Then the movie exploded into the fiery credits and the room filled with a blue light and a man’s voice said brightly,” You came, you saw, you left a tip for your servers good night.” 
     “ Finally, now we can head up to bed and get some sleep,” said Ratie as she stood up and then bounced on the bed.
     “ Or not,” said Saram slyly as she squeezed Famaron’s chest.
     “ Oh really o.k. then, I’ve got a separate suite for you 2 while Saram and I will share our own if that’s alright,” said Famaron implying a question as he looked at Ohgood and Ratie.
     “ Get in a little lovin’ eh.  Well that’s fine I’ll protect Ratie from her nightmares.  Let’s hit it,” said Ohgood smoothly as he walked down the staircase with the other 3 right behind.
     They made their way to their adjoining suites and bedded down for the night.  At the crack of dawn Ohgood got up to get a drink of water and a snack.  The bedroom and kitchen were all in one room with the refrigerator and stove near a bay window that looked out over Troitsa.  There was a large circular red bed on the left side with a wall covering flat screen t.v. on the wall in front of it.  The floor was covered in a 5 inch thick brown fur rug and the walls were tope and had 7 small 2 foot wide red pedestals with statues of Gados in the nude holding different weapons in their hands like staffs and swords.
     As Ohgood walked over to the refrigerator a flash of white light caught his eye from outside the window.  So he walked over and pulled back the black curtain and saw the streets filled with tanks and members of the Posism Beliefs as well as the Halbaltic gang laying siege to the Blasperu prison guards in a fierce laser fight with guards being decimated and the walls of Blasperu being blown to pieces.
     “ Oh my Goarote, it’s Armageddon,” said Ohgood in shock and then he caught himself and hurried into the living room and began shaking Ratie’s arm as she slept on the floor bed and then said loudly,” Wake up, Ratie, quick it’s serious!”
     Ratie slowly shook awake and then asked as she squinted,” What is it, is there a fire?”
     “ No there’s a fierce battle outside, we may not be safe here,” said Ohgood frantically as he looked at Ratie.
     “ Where’s Famaron and Saram?” asked Ratie as she sat up on her bed and then grabbed her black jeans off the dresser and began to put them on quickly.
     “ Famaron, I’ll go get him up wait here with the door locked,” said Ohgood sternly as he started to go then stopped and turned and said,” Ya know, we don’t know who could be out in that hallway.  I think I need to wait for you we shouldn’t get separated.”
     “ I agree let me grab my shoes.  Don’t you think you should put some clothes on?” asked Ratie as she threw on a black silk shirt over her red bra.
     “ Oh right, I’ll be right back,” said Ohgood then he hurried into the next room and threw on a dark green robe and a pair of tan leather boots and grabbed his staff and hurried back into the living room and said,” Alright we’re off, when we get out into the hall if there’s trouble stay behind me I’ll handle it.”
     “ Good plan, but what if there’s dozens of them?” asked Ratie anxiously as she grabbed her mini laser pistol from her leather bag and cocked it.
     “ Then dozens will die it’s us or them, which means it’s them.  Let’s go be quick on the trigger, Ratie,” said Ohgood boldly as he walked to the suite’s brown wood front door.
     “ I was born trigger happy, at least that’s what mum said when I shot 6 holes thru her favorite dress,” said Ratie as he grinned at Ohgood.
     Ohgood smiled and shook his head then grabbed the silver square door handle and slowly pressed it inward causing the door to slowly slid into the right wall.  Then he poked his head out into the hallway and saw no one and said happily,” It looks clear let’s hurry it may not last.”
     Then they scurried across the hallway and pressed the door pulse and waited for Famaron.  The door pulse would sound a muted tone and a flicker of blue light thru the room.  After a minute and no one came Ratie said anxiously,” Try it again quick.”
     “ You’re right let’s hope they haven’t gotten them,” said Ohgood then he pressed the button again and kept looking either way down the hall.
     Another minute went by and then suddenly the door opened and Saram asked,” What is it you want so early?”
     “ Where’s Famaron?” asked Ohgood as he walked into their suite.
     “ He went for a run a few minutes ago, why?” asked Saram as she looked at Ohgood concerned.
     “ A run, where did he go running and please tell me it wasn’t outside?” asked Ohgood nervously as he looked at Saram.
     “ It was outside he said he wanted to run down Mercahue st. before people woke up.  Did something bad happen?” asked Saram as she looked at Ratie.
     “ Go look out our window,” said Ratie sternly.
     Then all 3 of them went into Ratie and Ohgood’s room and Ratie pulled back the curtain and Ohgood said,” It’s bad alright, the worse kind of it.  The animals are making a stand today.”
     “ Oh mighty Goarote this is the end of it all,” said Saram as she put her hand to her mouth as she saw a pair of cops being beheaded by 4 criminals with swords.
     “ What do we do now to find Famaron in all that?” asked Ratie.
     “ Find me in what?” asked Famaron as he walked into Ratie’s room.
     “ Famaron, I thought you were down there in all that death.  I’m so happy to see you alive,” said Saram as she ran over to Famaron and hugged him.
     “ Death, what are you talking about?” asked Famaron as he looked at Ohgood perplexed.
     “ Didn’t you go running?” asked Ohgood in disbelief as he looked at Ratie then Famaron.
     “ I was going too, but I forgot my ear piece.  I won’t run without music what’s the point of that,” said Famaron and then he walked over to the window and looked out and said sternly,” We’re not safe here, grab your things and meet me in our suite.  We need to get out of here as fast as possible or we are dead.”
     “ Gotcha,” said Ratie then she ran over and grabbed her leather bag.
     “ I got all I need,” said Ohgood as he smirked.
     “ Well I don’t, I need my staff and my Morshito bracelets.  And my laser pistol to name a many.  Just give me a minute to change,” said Famaron sternly then he ran over to his suite with Saram on his arm.
     “ I’m ready,” said Ratie as she walked over to Ohgood who was looking out the window and asked,” Is there any way to get thru all of this I wonder, Ohgood?”
     “ There’d better be or we’re dead,” said Ohgood coldly as he watched a wizard cast a spell that created a lightning storm over 2 Posism Beliefs members. 
     “ O.K. I’ve got all I need.  Well break for the hangar bay and Goarote help us,” said Famaron boldly as he fashioned his black belt around his black leather pants.
     He also had on a black shirt and vest also of black leather with his family crest sewn onto the front in red.  That was of a Baatold and a Sarg eating a large orb.
     The Sarg was a bat like creature that had a 20 foot wingspan, with a huge green head and bright yellow fangs.  Its nose was like a hammer and had blue hair covering the tip in a square patch.
     Then everyone went out into the hallway and began hurrying towards the elevator.  When they got there the elevators sensors picked them up and began rising to their floor.  The doors of the elevator were dark gold in color and shaped like a hexagon.
     “ Let’s hope the fighting’s centralized in the streets.  If that’s the case we’ll be fine,” said Famaron as he anxiously watched the frowning face of Gados above the elevator door as it slowly started to smile as the elevator neared.
     “ What if it’s everywhere?” asked Ohgood as he looked at Famaron.
     “ Then it’s world war 8 and we need a miracle, because most of my troops are committed elsewhere and aren’t available.  What I need is to get to the Woright and contact my generals quickly.  I knew this was going to be a bad day when I stubbed my toe on the sink,” said Famaron in exasperation as he stared at the face of Gados now almost smiling. 
     “ I thought I heard you yelp,” said Saram then she rubbed Famaron’s back and gave him a smile.
     Then the face of Gados smiled widely and the doors slid away in 6 different directions and there stood 3 Halbaltic gang members inside the elevator with laser pistols in their hands.  Each of which were yellow skinned with the shortest of which having blonde hair named Derk Shame who was 6’0”

     Derk had olive eyes that had a red star design around the retina.  All 3 men were wearing prison issue black cotton jumpsuits with bright orange homemade sneakers.  The other 2 men were Coim Lat and Marmoi Panic.  Coim had seal black curly hair and a thick curly goatee with a sharp silver spike tied into it at the end.  He was 6’2” and very fat with thick powerful forearms.      
     Marmoi Panic was 6’5” with bright red and green hair that was cut into a series of cryptic messages like,” to steal sun seeds,” was cut on top and sent a signal to his gang mates to attack everyone and anyone they saw.  He had red eyes that failed to truly focus on anything for more than a few seconds.
     “ Run!” shouted Famaron as he pulled his pistol and began firing at Derk hitting him in the eye and sending him to his knees.
       Meanwhile Ratie, Ohgood, and Saram ran down the hall, but Ohgood stopped and said boldly,” Famaron needs me go on ahead!”
     “ O.K. c’mon, Saram, we’ll head for the room,” said Ratie as she took Saram’s hand.
     Then Ohgood raised his staff and ran up to where Famaron was just outside the elevator on the left and shouted,” Stanmo bracket thus!”
     Then a black Sarg appeared in front of the elevator and Coim shouted,” We give up, we surrender!”
     “ It’s too late for that,” said Famaron coldly as he and Ohgood started down the hallway.
     The Sarg leapt into the elevator and began tearing Coim, Marmoi, and Derk to shreds as they screamed in horror.  It ripped off Derk’s head and swallowed it whole.  Then it shot both of its claws thru Coim and Marmoi’s chests and ripped out their hearts while they were still beating.
     “ I think we should take the stairs,” said Ohgood slyly as he looked back at the Sarg with blood all over its face and the hearts on its claws.
     “ Yeah, we need the exercise,” said Famaron smoothly as he ran up to where Ratie and Saram were and knocked on the door and yelled,” It’s us, open the door quick!”
     Then Ratie opened the door and looked at each of them and said wryly,” Well you’ve still got all of your limbs, so I guess it went well.”
     “ Ohgood took care of them.  Now let’s get out of here before more arrive,” said Famaron sternly as he started for the spiral staircase at the end of the hall that led to the bottom floor.
     They descended the stairs which were white marble and had a strip of blue carpet that ran down the center with Gados’s autobiography sewn into it.  The walls had a different door and dispensary for alcohol every few feet.  As they got near the bottom Ratie grabbed a bottle of Oltom’s wine and said,” What, I’m stressed.”
     Oltom’s was a stock of 100,000 bottle made from Nanute grapes that only grew once every 10 years.  The wine was so sought after it was constantly being stolen from the factory.  It was named after Oltom Ovelap a 135th century poet who wrote 300 books and 7 volumes of poetry and was well known for the line,” If a young man dreams of experience and an old man of youth, then only the truly insane are the only ones alive, ‘cause at least they accept their condition.”  He also wrote the phrase,” Why would years of struggle lead to anything more than years of therapy upon reflection.”  He was a well known drinker of wine and was once found passed out with 17 empty bottles of wine surrounding him.  He went up into the Tarmco mountains 5 years ago to live and hadn’t been heard from since.
     They made their way to the bottom while Ratie kept taking drinks from the bottle until Ohgood tapped her on the shoulder and asked,” Is there a drink in there for me, Ratie?”
     “ Sure, but don’t down it my nerves need a bit of help,” said Ratie as she handed him the bottle.
     Just as they got to the bottom a Halbaltic gang member named Gosiah burst thru the dark brown wooden door.  Gosiah was 5’11” and had dark brown long straight hair.  Famaron raised his staff and shouted,” Rindepend Goman!”
     Then a green cube appeared around Gosiah and began to fill with a red liquid that dissolved his body inch by inch.  He frantically tried to escape, but in only 30 seconds he was completely melted away.
     “ That one was a bit demeaning to cubes.  They’re not all killing machines, I object!” said Ohgood sternly as he grinned at Famaron.
     “ Ohgood, please, we’re in a bit of a disaster right now,” said Famaron calmly as he stepped thru the door and out into the main lobby where there were guests running for their lives.
     There was a large statue of Prasau in the middle of a green water white fountain in the center of the room that had a depiction of Prasau’s childhood carved into the bowl.  There was also seven 23 foot long t.v. monitors covering each of the walls that showed an oasis from the jungle of Pitblu.  The ceiling rose up 200 feet, with an enormous diamond chandelier hanging from it.  The floor was black marble and had several drawings of Prasau worked into the marble in red.
     “ Across here and we’re thru to the bay,” shouted Famaron as he grabbed Saram’s hand.
     Then they all ran across the room and suddenly in burst a Posism Belief member named Bonraw Vety with a laser shotgun and he began shooting people indiscriminately.   Bonraw Vety had a large head and was 6’5” with dark green hair that was cut into a Mohawk.  His eyes were yellow and green.  He blasted an old woman in a red dress and split her completely in half.  Ohgood saw this and shouted,” Kamor Kamtoc die!”
     Then an 8 foot tall silver half robot half Gargoyle called a Torest appeared with a laser machete and raced at Bonraw.  Bonraw saw this and blasted it twice quickly with his shotgun, but they were only glancing shots.  Then the Torest sliced his gun in half with the laser machete and Bonraw looked at the Torest perplexed.  While this was happening everyone was still running across the massive room, but then Bonraw laughed and pulled a Brolor grenade and pulled the pin and smiled and said,” If you can’t take it with you, take someone else.”
     Then a huge room engulfing explosion lit the room ablaze sending a hundred people to a gruesome death.  The crystal chandelier fell to the floor destroying the statue of Prasau.  Famaron, Saram, Ohgood, and Ratie were far enough away that it merely blew them into the hangar bay, with only Ratie’s shirt and Saram’s hair slightly on fire.  Famaron shook off his head and asked,” Is everyone alright?”
     “ I’m fine, but Ratie’s shirt is on fire,” said Ohgood calmly as he patted out Ratie’s shirt with his hands.
     “ And my hair,” said Saram as she put out the tips of her hair.
     “ O.K. then let’s get to the Penipode and get airborne before any more surprises come our way,” said Famaron boldly as he kicked in the hangar bay door.
     Inside the hangar bay dozens of people were going every which way.  Famaron’s Penipode was unattended by security which he instantly thought was odd.  They ran over to it and Famaron used the
voice recognition lock and the doors slid open.  They all ran inside and the doors locked behind them then they saw a hologram of general Pimso Wheto appear.
     General Pimso Wheto had stark white short hair that had 3 widows peaks and was combed straight back to a square tuft of hair.  He also had a thick green beard that was filled with square diamonds.  His eyes were peach in color and looked devious.  He was 5’9” 195 pounds of don’t mess with me.  He had on a cherry red military leather jacket with several silver, platinum, and gold medals that looked like either Famaron or a battleship.  He also had on a pair of satin black trousers and a white cotton shirt with the words,” I was your mistake,” written on it in blue letters.  He also had on a pair of brown leather boots with 6 Sepi crests on them which signified his rank.
     The Sepi crest was of a Baatold sitting at a table with 2 men serving it dinner.
     “ Emperor, finally we have found you are you o.k.?” asked Pimso as he sipped a glass of Illyates coffee. 
     Illyates was extremely pungent and had a rare coffee bean that washed the body over with euphoria.
     “ Fine, we are in the Penipode.  Is the army in the skies?” asked Famaron sternly as he sat down in his captains chair.
     “ Most of it’s up, but the ground troops are only partially responding,” said Pimso calmly.
     “ Partially, what exactly does that mean?” asked Famaron as he looked at Pimso perplexed.
     “ Well to put it bluntly a large number of soldiers won’t lift a finger to help. And even some are fighting against us unfortunately.  It seems we have been duped by a fake army,” said Pimso smoothly as he lit up a cigarette.
     “ Well isn’t that perfect, o.k., Pimso, any soldier who won’t fight is now an enemy of ours.  I want them done in but good.  Also I need my battleship brought to the outskirts of Troitsa where I will be waiting,” said Famaron sternly as he thought about the deserting troops.
     “ It will be done immediately and don’t worry about the deserters I’ve already had most of them burned to powder.  Is there anything you’d like for dinner specific?” asked Pimso as he grinned.
     “ I want 200,000 dead criminals and Prasau’s head on a pike.  And, a steak and some Shosho pie, make it happen!” said Famaron as he smiled at Pimso.
     Shosho pie was a Dowa bird meat and Shosho fruit pie, with the Shosho having a perfect sweet taste.  The pies were usually the size of your hand and had a thick flaky crust with a sugar glaze.
     “ It’s happening fear not, I’ll see you aboard your battleship, keep safe, Emperor,” said Pimso warmly then his hologram disappeared.
     “ Let’s get in the air and see where we stand,” said Famaron sternly as he grabbed the controls and then flew out of the hangar bay.
     As they got up above the hotel they could see widespread bloody fighting in the streets, with the Halbaltic gang blasting everyone in sight with their laser pistols.  They also saw numbers of Posism Beliefs with one casting a spell that made a wall of fiery blades held by Gargoyles hands that began decapitating people left and right.  Another cast a spell that made a pair of Sargs appear and they grabbed 3 people and ripped them to shreds.
     “ It’s worse than I thought,” said Ohgood as he watched the devastation on the monitor. 
     “ They’re acting like animals how can they do that?” asked Ratie then she put her hand to her mouth.
     “ Because they are animals, there’s a reason they were in Blasperu.  And that’ll be the same reason that the lot of them will be dead or dying soon,” said Famaron coldly as he steered the ship out around a plume of green smoke.
     As they rode away from the city suddenly a Flasher came speeding towards the Penipode firing at her broad side.
     “ We’ve got company,” said Ohgood boldly.
     “ Not for long,” said Famaron boldly then he began firing the laser canons at the Flasher.
     He hit the nose of it and blew away a large chunk, but the Flasher kept firing eventually tearing a small hole in the fuselage.  Then Famaron swerved into the Flasher and broke off a piece of its wing, but still the Flasher kept firing tearing another larger hole that breached the inner helm and Famaron shouted,” So that’s it eh, then let’s play a little!”
     Then he slammed on the front thrusters and the Penipode came to an abrupt halt.  Then Famaron began blasting the Flasher’s rear engines and after a direct hit the Flasher burst into a fiery explosion.
     “ Nice shooting, he never saw it comin’, but he’s feelin’ it about now,” said Ohgood coldly as he grinned at Famaron.
     “ Let’s hope that’s the last of them ‘til we get to the ship,” said Famaron as he let out a sigh.
     Then a jet fighter flew past the Penipode and peppered it with a laser canon and caused a fire to light up the roof and Famaron said sternly,” Get strapped in this could get serious.”

     Then Famaron veered out over the mountains in an attempt to shake the fighter, but the fighter circled around and came up under the Penipode.  It began blasting into the under belly tearing gaping holes and Ohgood asked,” How many hits can we take like that?”
     “ Not many more or we’ll have to crash land it or eject,” said Famaron anxiously as he steered left and right trying to avoid fighter fire.
     Then the fighter hit the Penipode’s left engine and she dropped 50 feet in a second before Famaron could right her and then Famaron saw the instrument panel begin to blink and said nervously,” That’s it we’re ditchin’, hold onto something it’s not gonna be pretty.”
     Then Famaron dove the Penipode down to the tips of the trees and used the branches as a way to slow the ship.  Slowly they lowered into the trees with branches and fire everywhere in their wake.  Then Famaron saw a small pond and steered right for it and shouted,” After we hit, swim for it!  Don’t worry about anyone, but yourself and we’ll be fine!”
     Then the Penipode came barreling into the pond and as it hit the water 3 dozen Yema fish came flying out.  The Yema were a bright orange 3 foot long fish that had a heightened sense of awareness and could feel danger approaching.  They had pure green triangular eyes and a permanent  grin on their faces.
     The Penipode floated for a second, but only a second as the holes in the ship made her instantly take on water and Famaron shouted,” Get up and get out!”
     Then everyone undid their seatbelts, but Saram was panicking and couldn’t get it off.  Ratie had hers off and started to go, but saw Saram frantically trying to remove her seatbelt and ran over to her and said calmly,” Just relax, Saram, I’ll help you.”
     Then Ratie tore open the seatbelt and helped Saram up and they ran to the doorway thru 2 feet of water.  Ohgood and Famaron were already outside the Penipode and swimming to shore.  When Famaron got to the shore he turned and raised his staff and shouted,” Wotero be taketh!”
     Then a 5 foot wide walkway in the pond formed and Ohgood, Ratie, and Saram swam onto it.  Then they walked to the shore and Ohgood said slyly,” Nice of you to use your magic when we were already wet.”
     “ I didn’t have time when we were falling to our deaths,” said Famaron quickly as he whipped some water from his brow.
     Then make time my soul is far too valuable for mistakes,” said Ohgood jokingly as he grinned at Famaron.
     





     As the sun rose up to the noon day sun over the Gamazon forest there could be seen the beginning of Toev, the Sandu people’s main city.  There were thousands of red wooden pyramid shaped tree houses that had black shiny shingled roofs.  Each house had triangular windows that could disappear into the wall when closed.  They each had a large square deck around the base of each house that was filled with statues, gardens, and various games the Sandu had created.  The Sandu loved to smoke homemade cigarettes and were known to imbibe more than the occasional beer which they called the Blaze.  There were roads that connected all the houses and buildings that had ramps down from the city to the ground below.  They were lovers of electronics and had robots and computer monitors in every home and business.  Some of the homes outside walls were covered entirely with a large monitor that showed all the Sandu people’s favorite movies.  They also had pie shaped wooden cars known as Oroyto’s that drove roads, but also had anti gravity.
     “ Well this looks like fun, where are we exactly?” asked Ohgood as he looked at Toev and grimaced.
     “ Well this is the Gamazon forest so this must be the city of Toev.  This will be fun don’t worry, the Sandu have always been good people,” said Famaron honestly as he watched a Sandu’s Oroyto come driving towards them.
     The man was Dornoa Jems and he had a brown wooden staff in his hand that was carved to show every triumph he had ever had.  He rode up to Famaron and asked,” Are you alright, Emperor, I saw your ship crash?  I didn’t know it was you, but I thought it could be.”
     “ We are fine, Dornoa, we have only a few scratches to show for our mishap.  This is Saram, Ratie, and the mischievous Ohgood,” said Famaron warmly as he pointed to each.
     “ Hello there, you are all welcome to stay here as long as you like.  I could put you up in my personal castle, it’s very spacious,” said Dornoa warmly as he smiled and gave each person a nod.
     “ We would love that, but hopefully we won’t be here long.  I need to contact general Pimso is there a place I could do that?” asked Famaron as he looked up into the sky and saw a pair of Flashers whiz by.
     “ Yes, I will take you there.  Just hop in the back of my Oroyto and we will go,” said Dornoa as he pressed the blue seat button and the front and back seats lifted up and out of the car and came to rest on the outside of the Oroyto.
     “ Now that is a nice trick, Dornoa, I’ve never seen a car like this,” said Ohgood as he sat down in his seat.
     Everyone sat in their seats then they were lifted into the Oroyto and they burst backwards.  Then the car did a wheel burning spin and tore up a ramp at breakneck speed.  Dornoa weaved in and out of all the people and other Oroyto’s as well as Poedo motorcycles, which were motorcycles with thin brown wooden covers so they could be ridden in rain storms..
     “ Am I the only one who’s really enjoying this?” asked Ohgood as he let out a scream.
     “ Not even slightly this is so awesome!” said Ratie loudly as she laughed.
     Saram was also laughing at the sheer speed that Dornoa used to drive around everyone.  Then they darted into a wooden tube that spiraled upward and they rode on the walls as they soared 100 feet up into the air.  Then they burst out of it and saw in front of them Dornoa’s castle.  It was 4 red pyramids built together and over 1000 feet wide at the bottom.  It had an orange orb of magic that was hovering over the center of it.  There was also a 100 foot high statue of Dornoa with a square head in front of the castle with torches lighting the eyes.  There were dozens of Sandu people around the pyramid selling various wares from the backs of black 5 wheeled wagons.  There was also a large stage that had 20 musicians playing music on it and singing the song,” I danced on a good life.”  The front of the pyramid opened up in a flash and Dornoa drove straight into it and right into his living room.
     There was a large heart shaped gold couch in the center of the room with a circular t.v. around it that had 3 foot gapes in it so you could walk thru and sit down.  On the left side of the room there was Dornoa’s collection of medals and awards that other people had won, but that he had bought in various stores from all over Parscan.  Some of the awards were life size statues of the people themselves, others were shimmering crystal, gold and shaped like animals.  The wall behind them had gold leaf wallpaper with Dornoa’s image on it in black.  On the right side of the room there was a mini bar and refrigerator, as well as a large touch screen computer with a burgundy wallpaper behind it.  The far end of the room was taken up by a 30 foot long hot tub and weight room.
     Everyone got out of the Oroyto and Dornoa said,” The computer is over here, you should be able to contact general Pimso from here.”
     “ Great, let’s give it a go,” said Famaron as he followed Dornoa over to the computer with Ratie and Ohgood sitting on the couch and Saram fixing herself a drink.
     “ This place is perfect for a party what a lucky Hamet,” said Ohgood as he crossed his legs.
     Hamet was keeper of evil and lived in the 6th dimension.  He had dark red skin with blue crosses every few inches.  His eyes were white and had 2 irises.  He was 6’3” tall and bone thin with a huge head, hands, and feet.  His nose was long and dipped at the end.  He had short black hair that was combed up and then back.  He wore a seal black top hat made of leather and steel, that always had a single red rose in the brim.  He also wore a black corduroy suit and red sneakers that had spikes protruding from the tips.  Hamet was known to pop up at odd times in odd places, but hadn’t been heard from in a decade.  It was said that when the skies were red in the morning it was him plotting our demise.  There was one time he killed 30 men with a pick ax because their laughter was too loud.  He also set the old Rerns church ablaze when a wedding ceremony dragged on over an hour.
     “ He is a lucky Hamet and this is only the living room.  I wonder what the rest of it looks like,” said Ratie implying a question as she put a couch cushion behind her head then let out a sigh.
     “ It’s got to be ridiculous.  Let’s see what’s on t.v. right now, maybe we can catch the Searing Icepack,” said Ohgood as he picked up the remote control.
     The Searing Icepack was a drama about a woman who gets hounded by men because of her beauty so she gets surgery to look more average.  Then her personality changes and suddenly even more men are attracted to her.
     “ O.K. the computer is ready just type in general Pimso’s handle,” said Dornoa as he stepped back from the silver keyboard.
    “ Alright let’s try it,” said Famaron as he typed in the secure channel’s coordinates and nothing showed on the monitor but black and he said,” It doesn’t seem to be working,  How can that be, Dornoa?” asked Famaron as he looked at Dornoa.
     “ Well it has to be a jammed transmition, because this computer has 50 gigs.  In other words there is nowhere it can’t reach,” said Dornoa firmly as he pursed his lips.  
     “ If that be the case, then they’re attacking us globally and not just our armies, our technology as well.  Now, oh Goarote…” said Famaron nervously as he thought of his brother.
     “ What is it?” asked Dornoa quickly as he looked at Famaron.
     “ My brother Corbue I…I fear for his safety.  He was at a vacation spot called the Tembu spa, that’s right in the Posism Beliefs territory.  Oh Goarote if they hurt him I’ll hunt them down forever.  Well now what, without a transmission to Pimso we can’t just leave here they’ll kill us dead,” said Famaron nervously then he looked over at Ohgood and Ratie and tried to think of a solution.
     “ There are ways, I have many cars and even a ship that can tunnel down to our cave system.  I can get you out of here,” said Dornoa sternly as he put his hand on Famaron’s shoulder.
     Famaron looked over at him and said sharply,” But where would we go, they’re everywhere?  No, until something…wait if we could get to Femsa then I could use the physical communication tower and contact Pimso.  Can you get me to Femsa?” asked Famaron as he looked at Dornoa wide eyed.
     “ I can, but it will have to be in a car the tunnels go only halfway there.”
     “ O.K. o.k. then, we’ll do this, I need a little time to settle my thoughts so let’s just sit for a bit,” said Famaron calmly then he rubbed his forehead and used a relaxation technique to settle his nerves by thinking of a boring moment in his life.
     “ Of course let me get you a drink and a snack.  Give me a moment,” said Dornoa then he walked over and fixed Famaron a vodka and Yus berry drink called a Yus and hope.
     Yus berries were the equivalent of a chocolate strawberry combined.  They were a foot long and white in color and shaped like a gold brick.  They grew inside of Masutre trees and were harvested by filling the tree with water causing the Yus berries to float out a hole cut in the side.
     Masutre trees grew 8 feet tall and were black in color and had round arching branches with purple leaves.
     Dornoa came back over with the Yus and hope and handed it to Famaron and said warmly,” This will ease your worries some, Emperor, I’ve also got a fridge full of precooked meals so help yourself.”
     “ Thank you, Dornoa, I’ll do just that, but this first,” said Famaron then he shot back the red glass of Yus and hope and then took a breath and said happily,” That helped more than a little.  Hey does anyone else need a drink or a meal, because Dornoa has got a lot here?” asked Famaron loudly as he looked over at Ohgood and Ratie.
     Ohgood and Ratie turned around and looked at Famaron and then at each other and smiled and said in unison,” Let’s eat.”
     Then they hurried over to Famaron and he opened the fridge and saw 60 precooked meals inside silver trays and stacked neatly in drawers, with each meals contents written on them in frozen ink.
     Frozen ink would slowly change from blue to red as a meal became less eatable.  If it was red it was past peak eatability and should be fed to animals.
     “ It says baby Dowa bird wings, with glazed whipped potatoes with homemade gravy.  And it has chocolate pie and a Baatold tooth with cinnamon.  That works for me,” said Famaron as he took the silver tray out and put it in the instant oven.
     “ Oh no, look who took the best one.  Making a young girl starve and cry,” said Ratie as she pouted.
     “ I feel for ya,” said Famaron coldly as his meal cooked.
     “ There are even greater meals in the bottom tray, I’ve got boiled Sermina and Supdos,” said Dornoa as he smiled and grabbed the bottom drawer and pulled out 2 trays.
     “ What, oh did I blow that. Well ah I’ll just have to Jayer up,” said Famaron sadly as he pulled his meal out of the instant bake oven and smiled.
     Jayer up was an expression that meant you had to grin and bear it.  I t came from the story of Jayer Ohn a notorious womanizer who slept around on his wife for 2 decades and then she divorced him.  The day after the divorce was finalized Jayer got hit by a runaway Flasher and got horribly disfigured.  For the rest of his life he was completely alone.
     Ohgood grabbed the Sermina and Supdos as did Ratie and they threw it in the instant bake oven.   
     Sermina was a kind of shell fish like a lobster with only a lot more meat and a delicious sugary and gooey blood inside the meat.
     Supdos was an indescribable form of fruit that gave all who ate it pure satisfaction.
     Saram looked at everyone eating and asked,” Is there anything good left?”
     “ There is indeed, I saved the Taeb for last,” said Dornoa as he pulled out a circular silver tray and handed it to Saram.
     Taeb was a meat and vegetable cake made with bite size bits of steak, wild brown beans, creamy cheese and a butter made from a Zamtru’s milk.  It was cooked for 2 days in a massive oven to bring out the flavor.
     Everyone looked over at Saram holding the tray of Taeb and their mouths were watering.  They all knew how good it tasted and would have gladly traded their meals.  Saram took the tray with a smile and said happily,” Oh thank you, it’s my favorite.”
     Everyone ate their dinners then Famaron tried contacting Pimso again with no success.  Then Famaron said sternly,” we’re not staying we’ve got to get to Femsa before things get too far out of hand.  SO eat up the last of it and let’s go.”
     “ I’m done,” said Ratie quickly as she smirked.
     “ As am I let’s hit it,” said Ohgood as he got up off the couch.
     “ Let’s go,” said Saram brightly as she started over to Famaron.
     “ Everyone get in the Oroyto and we’ll put some miles behind us,” said Dornoa as he hopped in the Oroyto and then he pressed a button and the seats again rose.
     Everyone got in their seats and were lifted into the car and then Dornoa hit the accelerator and they tore off at the swimming pool.  When they got to the edge of it Dornoa hit the thrusters and they jumped over it and landed softly on the other side.
     “ That was unbelievable!” shouted Ohgood as he laughed.
     “ Wait ‘til you see my tunnels, they are a sight to behold,” said Dornoa as he drove thru his movie theater that had 2 rows of tan leather couches and red velvet walls.
     They rode right down the center aisle and at the movie screen and at the last second the screen opened up and revealed a passageway.  They rode thru into a 300 yard long hallway that had rounded walls, with a thick green carpet on the floor and walls.  The ceiling had mini robots waging an epic battle as the Oroyto flew by at 120 miles an hour.  They rode for a minute and came to a huge gymnasium that stretched for half a mile.  It had dark green walls with 2 glass cases filled with Dornoa’s personal zoo on the right and left side.  There were Baatolds, Sargs, even Zamtru’s inside the fake jungle.  The gym floor was a dark brown mahogany paneling that used pyramids connected like a jigsaw puzzle.  The far wall had 3 large triangular roads that went in different directions and had Dornoa’s face painted over them in a mural.  The ceiling rose up 300 feet in a v shape and had a series of walkways built across it in every direction.
     “ I could use a workout, Dornoa, is there time?” asked Ohgood jokingly as he looked around.
     “ Maybe some other time, young Ohgood,” said Dornoa happily as he swerved around a Donule ball.
     Donule balls were half round half triangular and were used in the sport of Donule.  Which was a game with 3 people per side and the object was to throw the Donule ball into an airborne square black basket.  The trick was your opponents had long wooden sticks with rubber balls at the end and would pummel 
you with them until you missed your shot or gave up.  The first team to 30 Basbots or baskets gets a chance to solve a riddle in a mechanized game board and win 500 golden coins from the jackpot machine.
     They rode thru the rest of the gym and then into the road on the right.  They came into a long blue grass field with only tire marks as a road and Famaron asked,” Is this safe for travel?”
     “ You mean will we be spotted from above?” asked Dornoa as he looked over at Famaron.
     “ Yes exactly.”
     “ watch this,” said Dornoa firmly then he pressed a green star shaped button and a brown wood cover slid up out of the back of the Oroyto and covered everyone.
     “ Nice, I fell a lot more comfortable now,” said Famaron as he tapped the roof.
     “ I am wise, no terror will befall you as long as you are with me,” said Dornoa smoothly as he steered out around a large mushroom shaped tree.
     They rode another mile and in the distance saw several Flashers in the air as well as jet fighters.
     “ It looks a little harry up ahead, let’s stop for a couple minutes and see if it clears,” said Famaron sternly as he nodded at Dornoa.
     “ I think you’re right, we’ll take a drive into the village of Badawos,” said Dornoa then he took a hard right hand turn.
     They rode thru a tunnel of wooden statues of Veata Iilks the female princess of Badawos.  She had long flowing blonde hair that was braided at the tips into small statues of her dead husband Geewy.  
Geewy had died at the hands of an assassin from the Posism Beliefs, but Veata had escaped.  Veata had light pink eyes with a white flower design.  She was very beautiful to look at with a button nose and thick large lips.  She was 5’8” and 125 pounds with a large round bottom.
     As they came out of the tunnel they emerged at the far end of Badawos.  There were six 175 foot tall buildings that lined the road that had been built to look like Veata.  At the far end of the buildings was Sepu square where you would always find various musicians and actors performing for dinner money.  They all stake their claim at a different spot on the large round black marble stage that sat there, with 4 dozen tables and white chairs around it with people eating lunch.  After each performance a young boy would go around to each table and ask for money for their specific musician or actor.  There was a large museum on the left side of Sepu square inside a black steel building that was shaped like a rocket and went 250 feet into the air.  On the right side was Veata’s chateau known as Freesid that was made entirely from red steel and looked like a traditional castle.  It had a mote around it with a drawbridge.  It also had 5 towers with square crow’s nests on top of each.  There was the central portion of the castle that was made up of 3 large 300 foot high perfectly round balls, with hundreds of blue windows and small desks everywhere you looked.
     “ Well, now I’ve seen it all.  Is there some reason I’ve never heard of or seen this unbelievable village.  Mt Goarote it’s as beautiful as any place I’ve been too,” said Famaron honestly as he looked at Freesid.
     “ There aren’t too many people who’ve heard of this town, because that’s the way princess Veata wants it,” said Dornoa as he drove into a parking spot on the right side of the road.
     “ Who is Princess Veata?” asked Ohgood as he pulled out a cigarette and then lit it.
     “ She owns everything you see, and as luck would grant us, she’s right over there,” said Dornoa as he pointed to Veata standing outside the museum in a long silky white dress and black fedora, as well as a gold necklace a with a single pearl in the center and a pair of black 4 inch heels.
     “ Wow she’s absolutely stunning,” said Ratie as she climbed out of her seat.
     Then Veata looked over at Dornoa and smiled and waved and started to walk over to him and Dornoa said hopefully,” She might be able to help you with your communication, Famaron.”
     “ Let’s hope,” said Famaron quickly as he watched Veata walk past an elderly woman and rub his shoulder as she did.
     “ Hi, Dornoa, I am not so happy with you right now,” said Veata playfully as she walked up and waved her finger and grinned.
     “ Hello, Veata, why would you be so angry with me I sent you 1000 pounds of Baatold steaks did I not?” asked Dornoa as he smiled.
     “ I have not seen my dear friend in so long I worried our friendship might have ended,” said Veata as she kissed Dornoa’s cheek and gave him a long hug.
     “ Never, we’ll be friends ‘til the sun devours all of Parscan and we are no more,” said Dornoa smoothly as he held Veata’s forearms.
     “ That is good to hear from an old friend.  Why have you come to visit me this day and please say you can stay the night?” asked Veata as she looked at everyone and then saw Famaron and said warmly,” Emperor, I can’t believe it’s you, what an honor.”
     “It is my honor you are truly beautiful and your city is spectacular,” said Famaron warmly then he smiled.   
     Meanwhile Saram started feeling a bit uncomfortable as she watched Famaron so she stepped forward and said brightly,” Hello, Veata, I am Saram Famaron’s girlfriend.  It’s nice to meet you.”
     “ Oh it is an honor to meet all of you, but I haven’t got your names,” said Veata as she smiled at Ohgood and Ratie.
     “ I’m Ratie and he’s Ohgood, we’re Baub Avesup’s children.”
     “ Oh the leader of the Yesic Holy Council.  This is an amazing thing to meet you and all of you.  Well, I’m still wondering what brings you all here it can’t be the scenery,” said Veata implying a question as she folded her arms and smiled at everyone.
     “ There has been an uprising and I need to relay a message to a general Pimso as to where my location is.  It is extremely urgent that I speak with him as soon as possible.  Can you help me?” asked Famaron hopefully.
     “ Yes I think so, Emperor, I have several computers in my castle as well as many phones, but all our phones are not working at all.  Your best bet would be the main computer in my throne room.”
     “ Can you take us there?” asked Famaron.
     “ Please follow,” said Veata as she motioned with her right hand in a quick swirl and then started walking across the street.
     Everyone followed close behind with Famaron walking beside her.  They crossed the brown marble street and up to the front gates of Freesid.  The 2 red headed female guards opened the gates and Veata smiled at them and said happily,” Thank you Corlett and Baurp. You’re doing a great job.”
     Then as they walked across the drawbridge the sky filled with Worights, Penipodes, and Flashers that were blasting away at each other.  
     “ Quickly inside everyone!” shouted Ratie as she pushed Famaron and Veata forward.
     Then everyone ran the 35 feet across and into the castle courtyard.  There were 2 dozen guards most of which were female, standing about the courtyard wearing black leather body suits and they had laser pistols on their hips.  There was a pair of yellow water fountains on either side that had statues of Veata in the nude holding a sword in one hand and a knife in the other.  The front doors to the main castle were shaped like a waffle and made from brown wood, with a hexagon shaped golden door handle.
     “ Open the main door now!” shouted Veata at her guards as she and everyone ran across the courtyard.
     Then above them a pair of Flashers got blasted into oblivion, but balls of fiery twisted metal came falling towards the courtyard.  The first one careened into the fountains on the right breaking the statue in 2 and sending a fiery trail into the front gate.  The second flew headlong into the side of the castle leaving a large fiery hole.
     Everyone ran into the main castle just as laser fire exploded behind them.  Then the guard slammed the door shut and everyone released a sigh of relief.  Then suddenly a laser canon blew the front door to pieces and Famaron shouted,” Everyone keep moving further into the castle!”
     They ran into the main living room that was 100 yards long and had 70 foot high ceilings.  It had an enormous 35 foot and 10 foot wide brown leather couch that was in the shape of a cross and was in the center of the room.  On the left side of the room was a 20 foot flat screen monitor on the wall.  On either side of it there were 2 large computer hard drives built into the wall that were 10 feet high.  Above it there was a small study built into the wall and accessible by staircase to the left of the computer that had a small couch and 3 book cases filled with every book Veata had ever read like,” The cowards cup o’ Courage,” which was written by General Browen Talksot.  The book was about a man gripped by fear of the modern age so much so he becomes a complete shut in.  To give himself more space to live in he begins expanding his house.  After 40 years of building on a daily basis his 10 acre plot is one enormous house that rises 30 stories high and has every comfort a man could ask for.  Then his brother dies and he’s forced to leave Camalon as it became know to attend the funeral.  And just as he exits his front door a large moving truck runs headlong into him killing him dead.  Then when the authorities enter his colossal home they see that he had built a labyrinth of rooms and secret passageways as well as the fact that the house was built down into the ground 50 stories deep  And that there was a vast diamond and gold mine beneath it that allowed him the wealth to pay for it.  They also found 785 2 sentence notes that read the same thing,” If you’re reading this then the heaven this old man sought after, was built.  Until he no longer needed to think of heaven, he was on his way suckers!!”
     On the right side of the room there was 4 rows of 50 different robots.  With most silver and gold, but others were burgundy of orange or dark green.  They had lifelike faces and bodies and were even wearing clothes from leather jackets to brown corduroy pants.  The far end of the room was filled with a large flower garden and pond that had a statue of Veata in the middle.
     “ We should be safe here it’s heavily fortified.  My computer is here as you can see.  It will take a moment to boot up,” said Veata as she walked to the t.v. monitor and then placed her left hand on it and said sternly,” Veata is ready to boot.”
     Then her screensaver of a muscular bare chested dark hired man popped up and Ratie said slyly,” Aren’t home computers great.  They always bring a smile.” 
     “ O.K. we’re booted up it’s all yours,” said Veata as she stepped back.
     “ Alright, computer security channel Mavo code 81bb,” said Famaron sternly as he stared at the screen.
     Then the picture became fuzzy, but a figure could almost be seen.  Then it cleared and showed General Pimso inside a smoky fire filled bridge.  He looked at Famaron and said nervously,” Emperor, it’s…it’s far worse than we suspected.  The Goeps are flooding Parscan with the bulk of their army simultaneously as the Halbaltic gang and the Posism Beliefs are attacking all over Parscan.  My own crew has turned on me and are sabotaging my ship.  I can’t make it to the escape pods, Emperor, my fate is sealed.”
     “ Wait, Pimso, where in the world did all the Goeps come from?” asked Famaron sternly as his thoughts raced.
     “ we think it is an unfortunate coincidence,” said Pimso as he struggled to breathe thru the thick smoke.
     “ Coincidence my ass, someone’s behind all this.  Alright, Pimso, I need to know if anyone can come and retrieve us.  It’s very important that I get back to Pouf.  I can’t do any good here,” said Famaron firmly as he stared at Pimso.
     “ There is no one, the 4 flag ships were blown from the sky an hour ago.  Emperor, I’m sorry we failed you, but the end of our time has arrived.  Find a place to hide and stay hid or they’ll hang you from a metal pike,” said Pimso coldly as he pushed the smoke from his face then there was an explosion to his right and Pimso shouted,” Be the right and know the purpose, Emperor!”
     Then 7 Goep soldiers flooded the bridge and began blasting Pimso with laser pistols.  They blew his head clean off.  Then one of them looked into the monitor and smiled menacingly and then blasted the screen blowing it to pieces.  Famaron didn’t flinch and then turned away and said softly,” Be the right and know the purpose.  We are in a spot so bad that any attempt to climb out will only make it worse.  Ohgood, Ratie, I’d take you, but it’s probably rubble.  This fight I have to wage is my war and if you want to leave I will totally understand.  But if you stay you’re gonna see a side of me so ruthless you won’t recognize me so which is it?” asked Famaron as he looked at each of them and grimaced.
     “ We’re fighters in our family.  We wouldn’t abandon you under any circumstances.  Even if it’s Armageddon it doesn’t matter,” said Ohgood as he grinned.
     “ We would never leave you and we won’t judge you from what has to be done.  All bets are off now,” said Ratie sincerely as she put her arm around Famaron.
     “ Good, then we need a plan that doesn’t involve my battleships, because they are already torched.  What does that leave us?” asked Famaron as he hugged Ohgood and Ratie and Saram kissed the top of his head.
     “ I have an idea, but it won’t be easy to accomplish,” said Veata as she looked at Famaron.
     “ Let me hear it,” said Famaron as he looked at Veata.
     “ Use the Plalo’s combined magical power to open the Caristic and then use the Ornoun to cast a Zamrun spell.  The combined power of the Ornoun and the Plalo could wipe out millions of people in one foul swoop.  You would just need your enemies to be close enough to the Caristic to get them all,” said Veata as she walked over and grabbed a mahogany cased book from beneath the couch and then came back with it and said,” Here, all their contact numbers are right in this book.  You just need to call.”
     Ornoun is the vortex for all magical energy in the universe.
     Zamrun spells send out a 30 foot wave of fire and flesh eating Gargoyle shaped blades in every direction for 7 miles.
     “ well, that’s it then, it’s this or accepting some tyrants wishes.  I’ll call every name in this book, but they may not be willing to help,” said Famaron as he took the book and opened it up.
     “ Why wouldn’t they help?” asked Saram in a concerned voice.
     “ Because one, no one’s been able to open the Caristic in years and it’s damn near impossible.  And 2 they’re wizards and wizards only do what they want and not much more.  Regardless, it’s our only shot so let’s get to it,” said Famaron sadly then he walked over to the computer.
     He called wizards for the next 7 hours one at a time until there were only 3 left.  He looked at the 3 names and rubbed his neck as his mind grew weary.  Ratie, Ohgood, and Saram were asleep on the couch, while Veata had gone up to bed.  The 3 names were Solcrist Memb, Talkyre Ambut, and Torn 
Pepp.  He had saved them for last as they were the most powerful and the most important if it was to work.
     “ Alright, here goes it,” said Famaron then he set down the book and said sternly,” Computer, call Dackson 44.  I hope this works.”
     Then a few seconds went by as a please wait sign covered the bottom half of the monitor.  Then there appeared Solcrist in a black robe and red leather sneakers.  The robe had his personal insignia of 2 Baatolds being eaten by a Dowa bird sewn onto the front.  His hair was peach in color and shaved up to the top of his ears then long and tied into a square ponytail.  His eyes were mechanical and had thin steel eyelids that also bore his insignia and were gold in color.  He had a silver nose with blinking green and red lights on it that was a result of him having his eyes and nose removed to install a powerful computer hard drive in his brain.  He was 6’8” and overly muscular with narrow shoulders and long thick muscular arms and legs.
     “ Oh, hello there, Famaron,” said Solcrist almost stunned and then he asked,” What do I owe this tremendous pleasure?”
     “ Solcrist, I need your aid in a very important matter.  Someone has laid siege to my army and are destroying our world as we speak,” said Famaron anxiously.
     “ I have become aware of this, but what can be done?” asked Solcrist as he crinkled his forehead and put his finger to his lips.
     “ well our only chance at beating back the Halbaltic gang Posism Beliefs and the Goeps is to open the Caristic and use the combined power of the Plalo to cast a Zamrun spell,” said Famaron warmly as he looked at Solcrist.
     “ A Zamrun, interesting…how would you get all your enemies to be in one place?” asked Solcrist as he sat down and lit up a yellow homemade cigarette.
     “ Well…I’ve got it, if we can successfully open the Caristic we could publicize a lie that there is untold riches and new magical items from Goarote that he himself has used.  The news of such a thing would bring one and all in droves to the Caristic,” said Famaron excitedly as he felt a surge of confidence come over him. 
     “ True, this is true, but you would draw more than your enemies.  You would draw women, children, even old friends you’d long since forgotten.   How could you possibly kill your enemies without destroying so many innocents?” asked Solcrist calmly as he smoked.
     “ A checkpoint, we could set up a checkpoint and when our enemies came to it we would let them pass right thru.  And when the innocents came to the checkpoint we would tell them that that area of the Caristic was not suitable,” said Famaron then he waited for Solcrist’s response.
     “ True, but even then it could blow up in your face if anyone got wise, then what?” asked Solcrist then he picked a bottle of wine off the floor and opened it and took a swig.
     “ The greater good, if worse came to worse the innocents would have to perish if it meant saving Parscan.  This world and our way of life is too precious to let it float away when we could make sacrifices and save it,” said Famaron sternly.
     Solcrist was taken aback by Famaron’s statement and then he thought of the alternative and said snidely,” Then the weak pay a price they earned with stupidity.  I’m all for it.”
     “ Great glad to hear it.  Now I’ve just got to contact Talkyre Ambut and Torn Pepp and we should have enough to pull this off,” said Famaron happily as he grinned and began thinking of what he’d say to Talkyre and Torn.
     “ Talkyre and Torn eh…leave them to me I know just what to say.  Give me half an hour and it will be settled o.k.?” asked Solcrist.
     “ Of course, but we still need to open the Caristic without drawing suspicion,” said Famaron implying a question.
     “ Bribes, dear boy, bribes I’ve got all the money in the world I can pay off the ground crew at the Caristic. Then we’ll go to work on her in private while everyone thinks it’s closed down for repairs.  I’ll call you on the morrow and we’ll talk the final details out.  Bye, Famaron, and try not to think about it,” said Solcrist slyly with a smile.
     “ I’ll try bye, Solcrist,” said Famaron as he laughed knowing he would be thinking of nothing but.
                                                   







     Glorac was a 108th century ruler of Parscan who ruled with an iron fist.  He was known to take his enemies from their homes and beat them until they were nearly dead.  Then he’d release them and after they healed he’d do it all over again.  Now after the 1st time most still showed defiance for him after being released, but after the second not a man or woman ever said a cross word about Glorac again.
     Glorac was also known to cut his people’s food rations if a day went by without a happy chorus of songs.  Needless to say his people became lovers of music and several quality bands were formed known as penance groups.  In the last week of Glorac’s life he had 600,000 people strangled and thrown from the top of Mt. Besvo.  These people were from a list of slights that he felt they had handed him in his life.  He had waited to kill them in the hopes they would summon the wherewithal to apologize for the indiscretions.  Famaron knew the stories of Glorac all too well as he was a direct descendant of him and the 654th in the Venge family line.
     Inside Prasau Tarmo’s lavish chateau sat Gados, Lasor Pucket, Tarok, Fists Pour and Gamoub Tar.  The left side of the room had several moving parts with various levels being moved up and down, as a person would want them too to get to various things like the pantry or the poker room.  In the center of the room was a floating 30 foot long brown and gold wooden table, with 20 black thrones around it.  On
the table were sport robots, which were 3 foot high blue and green robots that did anything you asked including dancing, singing, even fighting another robot.  In the center of the table there was a large computer and monitor that would rise up at your voice command.  On the right side of the room there were all of Prasau’s caged animals from Corvubs to even Ormu’s inside glass cages.
     Corvubs were a man like creature with red and black skin, as well as large black wings.  Their faces were demonic and had menacing fangs and lifeless green eyes.  Their hands were large and had long 10 inch spikes extending from them.  They wore leather vests and black tight leather underwear.
     Ormu’s were bright yellow in color with a single red spot that covered their right eye.  They had bulbous egg shaped heads and bright red eyes and their entire bodies were covered in a 4 inch long soft fur.  Their bodies were 10 feet long and they had thin necks that were 2 feet long.  They had a 3 piece tail with each piece a different color from brown to red to a blue furry tip.
     The far end of the room had a large pulsing magical generator that emanated a thick green light that stopped 6 feet out.  All of Prasau’s staffs, Morshito bracelets, Oreons and Mutters were floating inside its light, as well as his robes.
     Mutters were 11 inch long marble and steel hand pistols that had red crystal triggers.  They also had a spot on the handle you pressed with your thumb to increase their range.  They fired quick bursts of unstable magical energy that could do a variety of horrible things to a person from blowing a hole clean thru them to turning them into pond scum.
     Everyone was sitting at the table except Prasau who was standing at the head of the table with a Paimo cigarette in his hand, which was a light bitter tasting brand.  Then Prasau jumped up on the table 
and glared at everyone and shouted,” You were women yesterday and men today!  Who wants to run the world!” 
     “ We all do, but it was your plan, Prasau, that brought us victory, so thus it’s yours,” said Lasor happily as he laughed slightly and raised his glass.
     “ I don’t know, what about a world under Gados can’t ya see it.  I’d take every person that swore Famaron loyalty and beat them to death.  Now that’s progress better than Ormu soup,” said Gados snidely as he smiled coldly.
     “ Oh get that man another bottle of wine so he can remember his delusions of grandeur a bit better,” said Prasau jokingly as he grinned and then he said seriously,” No, my friends not even I can claim the power over Parscan  The man who will give her back her smile and spunk…”
     “ Is I gentlemen,” said Baub Avesup as he walked in through a secret passageway beneath the table and came out at the side of the head of the table and then said smoothly,” It takes a friend to sway a mind.  Oh how I’ve missed my lovely Famaron, how ‘bout you?” asked Baub snidely as he grinned from ear to ear.
     Baub was 6’4 and 250 pounds with a huge disproportionate head to his body.  He had purple and seal black long wavy hair that was shaved in a circle above each ear with computer inputs inside each.  He had permanent dark green sunglasses surgically attached to his face that were round in shape and had gold frames.  His nose was like a knife’s edge and shot out of his face from his brow to his upper lip in a straight line.  He had the Yesic Holy Council tattoos beneath each cheekbone of a 6 pointed cross in front of Buren’s face.
     Buren was the founder of the Yesic 1000years prior.  He created all the guidelines, laws, and dictated even the eventual thoughts of its members.  He coined the phrase,” To race for a time is something, to take a righteous step is to know true victory.”
     Baub also had on a black satin suit with a black silk shirt with white hexagons in a circle on the front as well as white buttons.  His shoes were seal black leather with the Yesic crest burned onto the toes.
     Everyone at the table looked at Baub in awe and then Gados said in shock,” But, Baub, Famaron has been your friend for 20 years, how could you betray him like this?” asked Gados as he looked at Baub sternly.
     “ 25 years and it was easy.  That pompous wind bag had plagued me at every turn.  The time when he and I were friends passed some time ago, well at least it did secretly.  Even now he thinks we are the best of friends.  I mean, he’s taking care of my 2 brat kids as we speak!” said Baub loudly then he laughed and sat down.
     “ He’s got your kids, aren’t you worried about their safety?” asked Laser.
     “ No, Goarote no I can’t stand those little fart boxes.  If they’re dead or dying it would only bring me joy.  Lift the burden as they say, well as I just said,” said Baub proudly as he put his hands on the table and grinned.
     “ O.K. fine, but who says you’re the leader some of us contributed a lot to make this happen.  Where’s our respect?” asked Fists Pour defiantly as he glared at Baub.
     “ Fists, dear Fists because I can do this,” said Baub warmly then he stood up and raised his staff and shouted,” Vranical tortue dine!”
     Then the seat that Fists was sitting in came alive with its arms becoming hands with talons and the back of the chair became a Baatold head.  Then the Baatold head bit into Fists neck and he shouted in agony as Baub smiled.  Then the hands grabbed Fists head and crushed it into a ball of blood, flesh, and bone and tossed it on the table then Baub asked,” O.K. everyone who would like to vie for leader go ahead and speak up, anyone?”
     “ Hey Fists was my friend, who do you think you are?” asked Tarok firmly as he stood up and then shouted,” There are ways to do things, Baub!”
     “ Goresh Bomelhorn!” shouted Baub in an instant as he raised his staff.
     Then a stream of fire came out of the tip of Baub’s staff and set Tarok ablaze, scorching him to a pile of charred remains in only 5 seconds.  Then Baub did a quick 3 step dance and asked warmly,” Alright then, who would like to challenge me for control of Parscan?  Go ahead we aren’t all friends here,” said Baub snidely as he glared at everyone and raised his staff.
     “ It’s all yours, Baub, don’t need the aggravation,” said Laser calmly as he nodded.
     “ Yeah, yeah seems like a good way to go.  I’m great with it,” said Gados quickly as he sat forward in his chair and smiled.
     “ I couldn’t be happier with the current state of affairs.  I didn’t care much for those 2 anyway,” said Gamoub slowly then he took a sip from his wine glass.
     Gamoub Tar had thick dark green hair and a small forehead. His eyebrows were curly and thick as well.  His eyes were pink and deadly serious and lacked even a hint of a sense of humor.  He had a large round nose that took up a third of his face.  His lips were large and pouty.  He had a devious white smile 
that stretched across his huge mouth.  He had an exhaust port in the center of his forehead that puffs of smoke came out of continuously.  He was 5’4” and weighed 600 pounds of pure muscle.  He had on a dark green suit with orange boots that were square toed and had the words,” We kill who we love,” sewn into the leather with a Disho crystal on the right side of each boot.  He also had a silver gaudy watch with an emerald face that showed a pair of robots carrying boulders at different speeds to mark the seconds, minutes, and hours.
     “ Then it’s agreed, don’t worry about any of this, Baub, we can get the people in line.  Don’t worry about a thing,” said Prasau as he smiled.
     “ Exactly, I will whip the people of Parscan back into shape.  They’ve gotten soft with years of cheap goods and affordable fun.  Let’s jack up the prices on everything they crave and wipe those dung eating grins off their useless faces!  This is what we had comin’ to us!” thundered Baub then he began to levitate above the floor and hum to himself and smile vacantly.
     “ What’s our plan of attack?” asked Gamoub as he stood up and began to walk over to the glass case with the Corvub in it.
     “ Simple, the river Saltfair provides all the water for baking, drinking, and bathing,” said Baub as he hummed.
     “ O.K. so what do we do?” asked Prasau perplexed.
     “ we dam it and then sell the precious water at a ridiculous price, but not until they’ve gone at least 3 weeks without it.  That should dry up all the water that’s in use right now.  Then they’ll be screaming for a drink and a loaf of bread so badly they’ll pay anything.  It will be a symphony of chaos and none too 
soon for my tastes,” said Baub coldly then he floated to the floor and made an awkward gesture with his hands and laughed.
     “ That’s brilliant, I’ll have my men get to it immediately.  Oh how they will squirm and deservedly so,” said Gados greedily them he smashed his wine glass on the floor and laughed.
     By the following day Gados had all of his men building a dam at the midpoint of the Saltfair river for all of the night and into the morning.  After the final concrete slab was put into place the river Saltfair came to a sudden stop, with the runoff flooding the township of Proupit.  The people who lived there known as the Cacob woke up to bedrooms filled with water.  Then Gados’s men began putting all the water into brown barrels and shipping them to his country home.  The towns further down the Saltfair fell into shock at the empty ravine where the river had been.  King Lucern Followma held a meeting in his store Lucern’s on Pontague street.  
     Inside Lucern’s there was rack after rack of leather clothing from boots to jackets everything you would ever need.  The racks went up gently sloping ramps that led to Lucern’s front counter.  There was also several couches lining the main room and the walls were covered in black leather.  The ceiling had a platform hanging from it with a small bedroom on it where Lucern slept when he got in a fight with Belle his wife.
     “ Lucern had wavy blue long curly hair that looked more like a lions mane than hair.  He had a strong jaw and long curled up thin nose with a small quarter inch tattoo of a Baatold’s torso under his hairline.  He had one eye missing and the hole filled with an emerald figurine of his father Poater.  His other eye was navy blue.  The lost eye had been gouged by a large serpent as he defended his young son Galeb’s life.  He was a mountain of a man at 6’4” and 269 pounds of don’t try it with me.  He had huge powerful
hands and long wide feet size 18. He had on a golden corduroy jacket and white satin long sleeved shirt as well as black corduroy pants and black leather boots that had the words,” I see it all now that I’m blind,” written over and over on the sides.
     “ Brothers o’ mine, we all know that something is amiss.  I’ve tried repeatedly to contact Emperor Famaron unsuccessfully.  I fear he has befallen a terrible and.  The skies have been filled with war so our lives may have changed without our permission.  If you have anything you think we should know let us hear it now,” said Lucern sternly as he stood before the Cacob on top of the counter.
     Then young man Trabin stood up and took a look around.  Trabin had dark yellow hair that was half straight in the front and all curly in the back.  His eyes were soft purple and he had a mischievous grin.  He also had a button nose and a thick triangular yellow mustache that was his defining feature.  He had dark red skin and was 5’9” 152 pounds of pure lightning.  He had on dark blue overalls and a white t shirt that read,” I’d whoop ya, but I’m too busy whoopin’ your friend,” on the front in red and green letters.  He also had on dark brown leather Zebra print sneakers with black laces.  He was called young man Trabin because of the fact he was 85 years old and looked 25.
     “ I have heard that the city of Pouf is now under the control of the Halbaltic gang.  And, that the Emperor’s home is being held by the Posism Beliefs right now, as some type of headquarters and party place.  What I have deduced from this is that a coup has taken place and it was well organized.  I also heard from Temi Burnit that the Goeps had a part in it as well,” said Trabin slowly in a gravelly voice then he pulled out a cinnamon cigarette and lit it.
     “ That would make sense, it had to have been more than the Goeps to pull it off, but how did Temi find all this out?” asked Lucern.
     “ From what I gathered Temi caught one of their cell phone messages on his radio and heard a pair of men from the Halbaltic gang talking about it,” said Trabin as he puffed away.
     “ Then our worst fears are realized, but…if the emperor is still alive we could still rise up against them.  We need to conduct an extensive search, because the river running dry is the least of our worries if the Halbaltic gang has even a thimble full of power.  If we are truly ruled by thugs and gangsters it won’t be long before they destroy our way of life.  I want every one of you to spread out in every direction and go to every town and find the emperor, find Famaron!” yelled Lucern then he jumped down from the counter.




     Famaron, Veata, Ohgood, and Ratie sat at a bar inside the first of the Gavert caves, while Saram waited for Solcrist at the front doors.  The bar was filled with plasma tables that glowed red and blue and were completely round, with 6 black leather recliners hovering around each of them on a controlled cushion of magical energy.  The tables were arranged in a circle around the circular bar itself that was also hovering perfectly 6 inches off the ground on a cushion of magic.  The bar looked like a space ship with its silver veneer and rounded features.  It had the ability to rotate red leather chairs in and out from the floor at the exact moment someone wanted to sit down.  Behind the bar there were 7 identical clones of Permet Yapor, working the bar.
     Permet Yapor was a ruthless dictator from 50 years prior who attempted to kill all the people of Goep with a deadly air borne spray poison, because he wanted the entire world of Goep for only him, his friends, and his family.  When the plot was uncovered only days before he was set to execute it, the people of Goep were incredibly angry.  So they took all the guilty parties including Permet and brought them to Bookend prison.  Once there they began torturing them at first by repeatedly breaking their bones and then when they healed breaking them again.  Then when this no longer satisfied they began severing body parts and attaching animal limbs in there place.  After all of them were virtually unrecognizable they set about introducing an extremely painful poison called Seavo in really small amounts so as they wouldn’t die, but come dam close.  Then they chopped off each of their heads and 
preserved them in a freezer.  Then they made clones of him, but gave them reduced brain function and put all 100,000 of them to work at manual labor jobs all over the solar system. 
     All along the outer walls of the room there were old worn out robots in a row, with some still able to work, but put there to give the room a creepy ambience.  The ceiling in the room had a reverse image of the house band ,”The Burgeoning Baatolds,” showing them playing hour 7 of a 24 hour show.  The band had 3 guitar player front men that were named T, 37 ½, and Gareon.  Each of them sang a 3rd of every verse and then they sang 3 part harmonies as the guitars dueled.  37 ½ was a former Halbaltic gang member who had fled the gang and was using the band to disguise his whereabouts.
     “ Do you feel comfortable sitting out in the open like this?” asked Veata as she kept looking for Saram.
     “ Not particularly, but I’ve got my staff handy and if there’s trouble it’s all bets are off time.  I think with this hood over my face I’d be a hard one to spot don’t you?” asked Famaron as he played with his Propa Low drink.   
     Propa Low is a thick syrupy drink made from sacred yeast, that had a magical spell cast on it at the proper moment.  This gave it a stiff kick to it that drowned your sorrows real quick.
     “ Good point, the bar’s pretty much dead anyway and everyone seems preoccupied with the band,” said Ohgood as he watched the Burgeoning Baatolds on a monitor in the counter.
     “ Here she comes and she’s got 3 people with her,” said Ratie quickly as she stood up.
     “ 3,” said Famaron sharply as he spun around to see Saram with Talkyre Ambut, Torn Pepp, and Solcrist walking towards them briskly and then said softly,” Oh thank Goarote it’s you.”
     “ Famaron, I’ve got everything taken care of with the Plalo.  We are go for tomorrow to crack open the Caristic,” said Solcrist softly as his eyes darted around the room.
     “ Great, but why are you so nervous?”  I’ve never seen you like this,” asked Famaron as he peered at Solcrist.
     “ I fear we were followed.  There was a pair of Flashers that I saw occasionally behind us as we flew here.  This bar may be compromised,” said Solcrist gravelly as he looked at a man across from them at the bar who was looking at him.
     “ Then we must leave here before it gets harry,” said Famaron sternly as he stood up and took a look around.
     “ Going somewhere kindest of, emperors?” asked Gados coldly as he stood ten feet behind Famaron with Fists Pour and a 9 foot tall Sarg with its wings tied down to its back.
     “ Gados, the keeper of Parscan’s pain.  How’s your scumbag life workin’ out for ya?” asked Famaron coldly as he glared at Gados and readied his staff.
     “ Can’t complain, just soaking in the new government odds and ends you know how it is.  How’s life as a common person workin’ out these days?  Is it tiresome I would think so,” asked Gados calmly as he grinned and looked around at everyone.
     “ These type of things never last you know that.  So if you came here for a reason let’s get on with it, cause I’m tiring of your stench it’s suffocating to bare,” said Famaron snidely as he watched the Sarg carefully.
     “ Then we dance, get them, Sarg, and show no mercy!” shouted Gados as he stepped behind the Sarg.
     Then the Sarg darted at Saram and tore her head from her body in an instant as everyone scrambled away.  Famaron was in instant shock that Saram was dead.
     “ Famaron, snap out of it!” shouted Ohgood as he shook Famaron’s shoulder.
     “ Then Famaron caught himself and raised his staff and shouted,” Burnvore Nanamavis!”
     Then a large Cocevre appeared in front of Famaron.  The Cocevre was a 7 foot tall half man half armadillo with a dark green shell covering its whole body.  It had a long spike like nose that could pierce metal as well as long muscular arms with talons instead of fingers. Its chest was covered in 4 inch wide spikes.  It also had 4 eyes that all saw things in different detail.
     The Cocevre did a swirling flip and careened into the Sarg sending both of them to the floor in a heap.  Then the Sarg tried to bury its talons in the Cocevre’s chest, but its shell was too thick and it snapped 2 of the talons in half.  Then the Cocevre bit down into the Sarg’s neck causing a shower of blood to shoot out.  Then the Sarg shot one of its talons into the Cocevre’s eye and crushed its eye into pieces of blood and flesh.
     And as the 2 beasts struggled Famaron eyed Gados and then shouted,” Dorn Vosila!”
     Then a blue cube of fire appeared with a dozen black 3 foot robots with football shaped heads inside and they started to chase after Gados as the cube flew at him.  Gados ran around the side of the bar with the cube only 7 feet behind him and gaining.
     “ Now what happens?” asked Ratie as she looked at Solcrist wide eyed.
     “ A good bit of fun for dear Gados.  He’ll run ‘til his legs give out then he’ll meet some new robotic friends that love to fight.  It will be glorious,” said Solcrist plainly as he smirked and watched the fiery cube.
     “ Please stop this, Famaron, I’m ready to make a deal, I mean it!” shouted Gados in desperation as the cube got within 3 feet.
     “ No thank you, maybe your new government can help you.  They seem to really care,” said Famaron smugly as he grinned at Gados as he ran by.
     Meanwhile the Cocevre was beating the Sarg to death with fast powerful blows until the Sarg finally perished and gave up.  Then the Cocevre disappeared in a melting process where the body became blue smoke in only a moment.  Then she dispersed and she was gone.  Gados meanwhile was having his troubles as he ran between 2 tables the cube surrounded him and locked him inside causing him to scream,” Oh no, not this way!!”
     Then the robots all latched onto his body and pulled out mini pink axes and machetes.  Then they began chopping off little pieces of Gados as he screamed in agony.
     “ That’s is so sick,” said Ohgood as he watched Gados’s fate.
     “ That’s what you get if you do a terrible thing.  Karma always catches up when your smile’s the wildest.  It’s just the way of things,” said Famaron firmly as he folded his arms and watched patiently.
     Then the robots started to chop off Gados’s eyes and nose.  Then one sliced open his forehead and blood came billowing out.  After another minute Gados finally had most of his body split open and 
bleeding as he screamed.  Then his screams stopped and he faded away and Solcrist said,” Alright then, one of our worries has passed.  Now it’s time to get back to work.” 
     “ Well put, let’s shack up in the hotel further into the Gavert caves.  Then in the morning we’ll make our push,” said Famaron as he nodded.
     “ We will have what we need to pull this off, but we can only hope for a bit of luck to be successful.  And, if more of Gados’s friends come looking for him we can only hope they don’t look here,” said Solcrist anxiously as he looked at Famaron.
     “ Then let’s get going before anymore of them show their faces,” said Ohgood.
     “ Good point, follow me,” said Famaron then he walked briskly out of the front of the bar.
     Outside there was huge cavern that went 50 miles into the ground, with quarter mile high ceilings.  It was made out of white limestone and there were hundreds of store fronts and hotels as well as games rooms that lined it the whole way.  Each store was made to look like a different Parscan leaders face with several of Famaron himself as well as Turmtron the Pristine.
     Turmtron the Pristine was the 3rd leader of Parscan and was widely accepted as the greatest.  He ended starvation, got every man and woman an education and completely eliminated poverty.  He also was the first to introduce the teachings of Loard the Goep philosopher.
     Loard wrote 7 books that detailed all of the failings and strengths of every type of person that was and could be.  He wrote that a skilled craftsman would always believe in loyalty and be particular about his sexual prowess.  While a doctor’s ego could never be hidden from strangers, because his standing in life was too great a sense of pride.  He also came up with the phrases of contentment.
1.I did all that could be done and then I did a little more.
2.If I believed in violence I would only be fighting myself.
3.I’ve got many years to worry about how many years I’ve got left, so I’ll start that engine when it’s cold.
4.While I know there is hatred in the world, it will not be I who carries that burden with deception of self.
     Turmtron the Pristine changed his appearance drastically as he aged.  His once bald head and clean shaven face, suddenly became a thick curly long head of seal black hair and a billowing red beard that grew into a perfect v shape.  His hands and feet even grew 2 inches each as he neared his 150th birthday.
     “ Is anyone hungry?” asked Ohgood as he looked at a store front window that had diced Orcut wafers.
     Orcut wafers were made from chopped up Ormu’s, a dark chocolate seasoning and a thick Alfredo cheese sauce put inside a thick white roll.
     “ Those things will kill ya, but we’re dead already let’s eat,” said Famaron as he looked at the Orcuts.
     Everyone went inside and sat down at a pair of triangle shaped tables that were surrounded by a blue felt couch that had the words,” It only hurt the 8th time,” sewn onto it in dark blue velvet and went all the way around the couch.  On the tables were touch pad ordering systems, with all the choices and prices inside.  There was a brief mahogany counter behind the couch where the teller sat in a red velvet recliner, with the kitchen behind him.  There was also a collection of dictator dolls on the walls of the tiny restaurant that even had Glorac as one.  The front window was heated and air tight, and kept the food its perfect temperature.
     “ I know what I’m having I’ve got to have 2 Orcut wafers,” said Ohgood then he pressed his selection and then said quickly,” Oh and a Sesop pop to go.”
     “ That sounds about right, I’ll get the same,” said Ratie as she pressed her selection into the keypad.
     As she did the teller came out from behind the counter and went to the window and waited for all the orders.
     “ I’m having 3 Orcuts and a steak stick to go.  And of course a Sesop pop extra sugar,” said Famaron as he pressed his selections and grinned.
    A steak stick was a deep fried cooked and chopped steak and cheese concoction put on a 1 foot long round wooden stick.  Then it was dipped in a rare Goep ketchup called Foama that set your taste buds on fire.
     “ Steak sticks, oh now that is a perfect way to clog my arteries.  Let’s get 5 of those and a bottle of wine, how ‘bout Streamers Red,” said Solcrist then he pressed his selections and then sat back in his chair and smirked.
     Talkyre took a hard look at the menu and said hopefully,” It looks like a half dozen Orcuts and a steak or my body’s gonna give in and die.”
     “ You’re not the only one, I’m goin’ fro 3 steak sticks, 3 Orcuts, a Sesop and a piece of Dornim pie.  Kiss my waistline goodbye,” said Torn as he pressed his selections and then patted his belly.
     Then a green liquid fiery 3 headed snake burst thru the front window and grabbed Torn in its mouth and began swallowing him whole and Ratie shouted,” Oh my Goarote!”
     “ Everyone move back quickly, it looks like they’ve found us again!” said Famaron sternly as he moved back from the snake and then raised his staff and shouted,” Popeper Manuie!”
     Then a Telox appeared in front of Famaron.  A Telox was a half ape half ox that had huge bulging arms and a furry black head and torso, as well as the legs of a giant blue ox.
     The Telox starred down the snake, then ran at it and jumped up and kicked it in 2 of its heads crushing in its eyes and nose.  The 3rd head latched onto the Telox’s back.  The Telox tried violently to shake it loose.  Then it grabbed the body of the snake and pulled it from its back and swung it thru the front window, destroying the entire wall.  The snake slithered out in the street back and forth with only one head still alive.
     “ I think we need to get out of the shop,” said Solcrist sternly as he looked at Famaron.
     “ Not just yet, we still don’t know what’s out there.  At least in here we have cover,” said Famaron boldly as he pondered what to do and then said happily,” I’ve got it, cast a vortex spell, Solcrist, and we’ll make a break for it.”
     “ Stand back!” shouted Solcrist and then he raised his staff and lowered his head and shouted,” Gorimu Garash be dashed!”
     Then up out of the floor of the restaurant rose a cauldron of red clouds and mini lightning bolts in the shape of a cone that rose to the ceiling.  Famaron looked at Solcrist and shouted,” It’s our best bet to live!”
     “ Then we have no choice, everyone in!” thundered Solcrist then he ran and jumped in the vortex and a burst of red flames came out when he went in and he disappeared from sight.
     Then Talkyre let out a sigh and ran and jumped in and disappeared instantly.  Ratie looked at Ohgood nervously and then said,” If I die remember me o.k.”
     Then Ohgood nodded and Ratie ran timidly and jumped in and a burst of flames shot out as she disappeared.
     “ O.K. get to it, Ohgood,” said Famaron boldly as he gave Ohgood a stern look, but Ohgood continued to look outside and then Famaron said perplexed,” Ohgood, wake up we can’t stay here.”
     “ Look, they found us alright,” said Ohgood softly as he stared out the window at 50 members of the Halbaltic gang and the Posism Beliefs staring back at him.
     “ No matter, give me your hand, let’s go!” shouted Famaron as he looked Prasau in the eye.
     Then he yanked Ohgood into the vortex and they disappeared in a flash as the vortex closed behind them.  They came out the other side in the Yesic Holy Council’s Gomathon church on the planet of Proe in Narm city.  There were dozens of priests and holy men in a circle around Famaron, Ohgood, Ratie, Solcrist, Veata, Dornoa, and Talkyre.
     The Gomathon was a wonder onto itself stretching for 30 miles, with thousands of shrines, rooms, and secret passageways around every corner.  The room they were in was the shrine to Louser V. Paim.
     Louser was supreme Shityo or leader of all spiritual matters.  Louser had taken a vow of laughter and if anyone ever showed any real emotion in his presence he would instantly burst into a snide laughter.  This invariably put people off and in some cases made them very angry.  He had taken the oath as a way to show Goarote that only his feelings were important to him.  Louser wrote a book called,” The ways we talk about silence,” that dealt with the hypocrisy of human emotions and how people cling to a 
cliché emotional experience instead of using their own natural tendencies.  It also spoke of the silent soul and the lack of communication between a person and their core saying simply,” You’re in there somewhere take a journey to you.”  Louser recently had secluded himself in the hall of knowledge vowing he wouldn’t come out until his questions were answered, it’d been 5 years.
     The large golden statue of Louser rose 600 feet above the floor and showed him holding in his right hand his favorite book,” The ways we talk about silence,” and a large flask of wine in his left hand.  Louser had his long flowing golden locks with a computer port on the front of his head.  His nose was long and wide and turned slightly up at the tip.  He had large wide dark brown eyes that had multi colored pyramids painted over each of his eyes.  In life he was 6’1” 207 pounds of smooth muscle.
     Around the statue were 16 large purple leather chairs that had computers built into them that were in either armrest.  Beyond the chairs nearer to the walls there were all of Louser’s personal possessions from his existence, inside force fields of green.  They ranged from a red rubber ball with a clown face on it, to a golden copy of Teverus’s autobiography, as well as his red cloak he received when he took over.  The floor was covered in a thick fluffy blue blanket that made your feet disappear inside it.  The walls were covered in large mosaics of the time before order, known as the age of terror.  It showed human sacrifices and bloody battles between wizards and robots.  The ceiling had a bow upward in it and was covered in a hologram of the night sky, with explosions every second.
     “ Boy that’s some improvement, Famaron, right into enemy hands,” said Ohgood snidely as he let out a sigh.
     “ At least we’re alive, don’t worry I’ll think of something,” said Famaron smoothly as he walked over to Ratie, Solcrist, Veata, Dornoa  and Talkyre and said happily,” we’re saved nice huh.” 
     “ This isn’t funny, Famaron, we’re all dead so…just die with a little less of a smile on your face,” said Ratie then she rolled her eyes and grinned.
     “ This is serious business, we can’t fight them all off,” said Solcrist as he looked around the room.
     “ That’s true, you would surely perish.  Don’t try anything, Famaron, or we’ll burn your bodies to an after dinner snack,” said Teroco as he came out from under his hood and stepped forward.
     “ Who are you?” asked Ohgood as he stared down Teroco.
     “ Hi, Teroco, still taking orders from your brother?” asked Famaron coldly as he gripped his staff. 
     Teroco smirked and then said snidely,” Still ruling a hill of sand on Parscan, friend.”
     “ Well you would know all about that seeing as you orchestrated the whole thing,” said Famaron sternly as he kept his eyes on Teroco.
     “ Close, it wasn’t I, but your dear friend Baub.  Funny how loyalty fades in the glow of power huh?” asked Teroco coldly as he grinned and re-gripped his own staff.
     “ Baub, our father couldn’t have done this.  And since when does our dad have a brother?” asked Ratie defiantly as her mouth opened wide.
     “ Since forever dear, Ratie, and ,Ohgood.  We just don’t talk much to each other’s kids.  By the way you’ve got 4 cousins who you’ll never meet, choke on it,” said Teroco snidely as he laughed and made faces at Ratie.
     “ What!?” shouted Ohgood and then he asked sternly,” How can this be real?”
     “ Cause your dad and I are bastards.  Rotten to the core we only had kids so we’d have someone to yell at and abuse.  All that cuddly parent crap is not at all what we were looking for.  Baub brought you into this world where’s the gratitude?” asked Teroco snidely then he did a little dance and slapped Ohgood hard across the face.
     Then Ohgood looked around for help, but realized no one could and swallowed his anger an then said coldly,” I’d be careful about doing that again.”
     “ I wouldn’t, brats like you need a good slap to remind you that your concerns come second.  Remember that before I slap the teeth out of your mouth,” said Teroco sternly as he grinned menacingly at Ohgood and Ratie.
     “ Enough of this, Teroco, we have things to discuss,” said Solcrist loudly as he stepped in between Ohgood and Teroco.
     Teroco glared at Ohgood for a second and then said coldly,” There is nothing to discuss old man.  The war is over and you’ve lost.  Pull yourselves together and accept your new reality.”
     “ Which is?” asked Famaron firmly as he looked around.
     “ The Doasilk mines what else,” said Teroco as he grinned and made a fist with his free hand.
     The Doasilk mines were a 40,000 mile long maze of red salt tunnels that housed all the criminals in the Coulez system inside 4 foot long and 7 foot tall black steel cells that had a tilted up bed and a small urinal in the floor.  There was also a 2 inch mirror and wooden chair beside the bed.  Inmates routinely died from smoke inhalation from the drilling machinery, as well as the rampant violence from other 
inmates.  The mine was at the bottom of a 2 mile long elevator shaft which meant escape was only a pipe dream as there were guards with laser shotguns at every level in case you tried to escape.
     “ Well, that’s not acceptable.  I’d rather die right here then spend a minute in Doasilk,” said Famaron sternly as he glared at Teroco.
     “ That can be arranged,” said Teroco coldly as he stared at Famaron.
     “ Arrange this!” said Famaron boldly and then he raised his staff and shouted,” Eagelun asito!”
     Then a 10 foot long club of faces and stone, with a stream of blue magic swirling around it appeared in front of Famaron and he grabbed it with both hands.  Then he bashed at Teroco and the first row of priests and sent them 30 feet into the air.  Then he whacked at the ones behind him and sent them into the walls.  And then he crushed 2 dozen priests in one lightning quick violent descending blow causing their blood to squirt out from under the club.
     “ Everyone follow me!” shouted Solcrist as he began to use floating steps as magic from the tip of his staff created a cushion of red smoke.
     Everyone followed after him running on the red smoke as they raced at 30 miles per hour across the room and out into the courtyard.  There were dozens of priests in tan robes milling about and having a late night dinner under the stars.  There were 70 tables of brown wood that were carved entirely from Taot trees.
     Taot trees were 70 yards wide and rose 200 feet into the air, with large lavender leaves in the shape of the letter c.
     There were blue padded chairs that rose out of the ground when someone drew near and a flat marble block was in their stead when they were beneath the ground.  There were also 7 large statues of Baatolds, Dowa birds, Zamtru’s and Sargs in and amongst all of the bushes and flowers.  At the far end of the courtyard was lake Bortage.  The lake went on for over 2000 miles and was littered with castles and lavish camps.
     “ Head for lake Bortage, quickly!” shouted Solcrist as he ran over the heads of the priests in the courtyard.
     As the priests noticed the people running over their heads they were in disbelief at what they were seeing.  Some even laughed and began to clap, then went back to their meals.  As everyone caught up with Solcrist they were steps from the lake.  Behind them Teroco came running out of the Louser shrine with his staff in hand and then raised it and shouted,” Ancolu Venebright!”
     Then a pair of gargoyles appeared each of which 8 feet tall with long wings.  Then Teroco pointed his staff at Famaron and the Gargoyles began to fly after him.  They flew from side to side over the courtyard.  Up ahead everyone was now running over the lake’s surface on the red smoke.  Talkyre glanced over his shoulder and then kept running, but realized a second later he had seen something and turned and took a look then shouted,” We’ve got company!” 
     “ What!” said Famaron in disbelief then he turned and saw the Gargoyles and then said sternly,” I’ll handle it keep going.”
     Then he turned around and began running backwards as he faced the gargoyles and then raised his staff stopped and shouted,” Peconds wasecak!”
     Then a large green and black crossbow machine gun with a long row of gun belt black fiery arrows appeared beside Famaron.  He grabbed hold of it and began firing the arrows using a red trigger, 2 at a time.  The first 4 arrows flew at the gargoyles, but they dove into the water to avoid them.  Then the gargoyles burst out of the water only 20 yards from Famaron and he began firing arrows again.  This time the smaller gargoyle had an arrow pierce his wing and he spiraled out of control.  Then Famaron hit the small one with 2 more arrows in the head and neck and the gargoyle perished and his magical energy dispersed leaving nothing but an outline of him.
     The other gargoyle flew straight at Famaron and just as it was about to sink its claws into him he shouted,” Oh no you don’t!” and swallowed a Disho crystal creating a black smoky shield around him that the gargoyle ran head first into.
     Then Famaron shot the gargoyle at point blank range with 2 arrows and hit it twice in the chest, sending it into the water.  But it didn’t go under instead barreled at Famaron again.  This time he fired 2 pairs of 2 arrows, with the first pair dodged, but the second hitting the gargoyle squarely in the heart.
     “ Nice!  And then there were none,” said Famaron happily as he watched the gargoyle’s magical energy disperse.
     Then he turned and saw the others were far ahead and said hopefully,” I’ll need a bit of transport it seems.”
     Then he raised his staff and shouted,” Couldpo memrit forsaken places be thus!”
     Then a dragon appeared behind him and swooped down and Famaron jumped on her back.  The dragon had a Penipode fighter plane in her hands.  Famaron said slyly,” O.K., dragon, we can’t fly that plane unless we have a place to set her down.  Let’s go get my friends over there first.”
     Then the red dragon flew after everyone else carrying the Penipode in its talons.  As it flew closer to them Ratie turned and saw it and said nervously,” I think our ride’s here.”
     Then everyone turned around and saw the dragon fly over head and then swing back around and hover over the water.
     “ Your legs tired of running yet?” asked Famaron slyly as he grinned.
     “ Oh dear boy, they always were,” said Solcrist smoothly then he climbed aboard the dragon.
     “ I bet you thought I was dead, Ohgood,” said Famaron sarcastically as he smirked.
     “ Hoped,” said Ohgood quickly as he climbed aboard the dragon.
     Then Talkyre climbed up with Ratie close behind and Ratie said coyly,” I thought dragons were old hat, but this one seems hard not to believe.”
     “ Well they always say you won’t believe it ‘til it cuts off your hand,” said Talkyre honestly as he looked at everyone.
     “ The guy that said that was a butcher,” said Ohgood jokingly as he patted Talkyre’s shoulder.
     “ Take us to dry land dragon and none too soon for my tastes,” said Famaron sternly as he rubbed the dragons ears.
     Then the dragon flew off across the lake at incredible speed.  They flew over a large fishing boat that looked like a Dowa bird only blue in color, that was fishing for glass tuna.
     Glass tuna were 150 feet long and worth a lifetimes worth of riches if you found one.  They had a glassy black skin that glowed when they were hungry.  They had square green eyes that dangled at the 
ends of long skinny strands.  Their bodies were shaped like a piece of pizza.  The glass tuna were the tastiest tuna in all the universe which put it in such high demand that it had been fished almost to extinction.  The last one caught was over a year ago.  It was said that a man’s entire life could change forever at the moment he reeled one in.  The last one caught was sold for the equivalent 100 billion American dollars.  The man who caught it was a 15 year old kid and his 116 year old grandfather and they split the money 50/50.  The kid’s grandpa was so happy he bought every friend he’d ever had a castle of their own in the hills of Coanoa, a ritzy part of Parscan.
     They flew a bit further and thru a school of Yaplat birds.  Yaplats are a yellow and red checkered 4 winged bird, that is 10 and half inches long and had a volleyball shaped head.  It had one large eyeball on the bottom of its head and a tiny one on the front both of which are pink in color.  It also has a computer monitor on its belly put there to track weather patterns by the Knoctid.
     The Knoctid was a group of 300 scientists that were systematically documenting every single species behavior down to every minuet detail.  Their hope was to find clues to Goarote’s infinite power.  And they hoped to find his reasoning for giving every living creature its existence.  They had also secretly been documenting every person’s day to day life so as to create new forms of control over people.
     Then they flew past a large swarm of glowing red Summa fish, which would always keep their head a half inch below the surface, but never pop their heads above it.  The Summa made intricate designs of everything they’d seen underwater.
     “ Now that is beautiful,” said Ratie as she looked at a design of the bottom of a fishing boat that the Summa had done.
     “ The things we see when we’re looking for safety,” said Ohgood as he looked down at the Summa.
     “ That was a Louser quote, wasn’t it?” asked Talkyre.
     “ Yeah, I’ve spent too many hours reading.  It’s a bit of an obsession with me,” said Ohgood as he smirked.
     “ That and losing your cool,” said Ratie sarcastically as she grinned and tossed her hair back.
     “ Oh, I’m about to snap!” said Ohgood jokingly as he pretended to be angry.
     “ Why isn’t it hard for me to picture you two related,” said Famaron smoothly as he threw Ratie a wink.
     Then in the distance could be seen the outline of Yorms Van Castle from behind a fog bank.  It was owned by Pator Yorms Van an eccentric duke who hadn’t left his castle in 30 years.  He paid hundreds of People to come to his parties and hang around the castle, but many of them left with some form of dementia.  Most thought he was drugging them somehow, Pator had gotten all of his wealth from the death of a favored aunt Hona.  This gave him the ability to be the odd sort he always wanted to be and get away with it.
     The castle Yorms Van was shaped like a man sitting Indian style with his arms outstretched towards the lake.  There was dozens of old magical spells floating around the outside of the castle like a dozen gargoyles spitting fire bursts of blue from their mouths, as well as a pair of mini yellow dragons suspended motionless in mid air with hundreds of black chairs encircling them every other second in a train formation.  The castle itself had 8 dozen bubble shaped purple and blue windows that appeared seconds from bursting.  There was a large statue of Pator on top of the castle that showed him holding Parscan in his hands and wearing a fiery robe of red.
     “ Well, this looks like the place of all places.  Who do you suppose lives there?” asked Ohgood as he looked at the castle.
     “ We’re about to find out look around us,” said Famaron boldly as he pointed to a dozen dragons and Sargs that had surrounded them.
     Then a long curly orange haired tubby short fellow wearing a white suit as well as a large golden crystal pendant around his neck and white leather sneakers rode up beside them on the back of a dragon and said sternly,” You will follow me to the castle.  This is not a request.”
     “ Who are you?” asked Ratie quickly as she squinted her eyes.
     “ I am Pator and this is my region. So what I say goes or you go to an untimely death.  Now follow me in,” said Pator boldly then he flew towards the castle at an even pace.
     “ Well what choice do we have.  Let’s see where it leads,” said Famaron nervously then he told the dragon to follow with a hand gesture.
     Then they flew over the last of the lake and up over the castle and landed on a round marble landing space that was 200 feet wide and had Pator’s face painted on it.  After they landed everyone climbed down off the dragon and took a look around.  There were 2 dozen human looking blue and green robots that had holographic faces standing in a circle around everyone and holding Mutters.
     “ O.K., Pator, you’ve made your point we know not to try any violence.  We weren’t going too in the first place.  Well, now that we’re here what now?” asked Famaron sternly as he looked at Pator.
     Pator smiled mischievously then said brightly,” I knew I was going to like you ah…”
     “ Famaron and that’s Ratie, Ohgood, Talkyre, Veata, Dornoa, and Solcrist,” said Famaron as he pointed to each of them.
     “ Famaron, you know there was an emperor named that exactly,” said Pator implying a question as he tapped his temple gently.
     “ And that emperor is me,” said Famaron flatly.
     “ Oh this is a rare treat, my dear what a grand party we will have, Emperor, I assume you can stay for a bit at the very least.  Tell me how you ended up here on the back of a dragon?” asked Pator warmly as he looked at everyone and nodded.
     “ Well we are in a bit of a hurry as there has been a great deception on Parscan and we are hoping to set it right tomorrow,” said Famaron firmly as he tried to think of a better way to put their situation.
     “ A deception, I have not heard of this.  Was it a coup attempt?” asked Pator honestly.
     “ Indeed, and a successful one at that, but come the morrow we can turn it around in proper fashion,” said Solcrist boldly as he walked over and looked at one of the robots.
     “ Interesting, maybe I could help you.  Ya see I have a large army of these robots that would give you a tremendous leg up, but I don’t help strangers.  I wouldn’t be much of a man if I did,” said Pator sincerely as he smiled at Ratie.
     “ What’d you have in mind?” asked Ohgood calmly as he looked at Pator.
     “ I’m very lonely, dine with me tonight and share my company and I’ll let you have the bulk of my army.”
     “ That sounds fair, but just how large is this army?” asked Famaron as he looked at the robots.
     “ Let me show you,” said Pator happily then he pulled a red light stick from his pocket with 3 green glowing buttons and pressed the one marked h.
     Then the large field of green grass behind the castle slid on a conveyor belt into the side of the castle.  Beneath it there was 150,000 identical robots like the ones on the landing pad and Ohgood said in disbelief,” That’s the kind of favor we’ll be repaying for the rest of our lives.”
     “ You’re right, this army could turn the tide in our favor.  Alright, Pator, you want party guests we are it.  Which way to the Dordanet?” asked Famaron happily as he smiled and clapped his hands together. 
     “ It’s right this way, watch that wall for a second,” said Pator as he pressed the star marked button.
     Then what appeared to be a wall suddenly turned into a 50 foot black velvet curtain.  Then as Pator walked towards it only a small 8 foot wide square opened up revealing a beautiful seal black haired woman with bangs to her eyebrows.  She had orange eyes and a button nose, with thick luscious lips and a cleffed chin that had 7 small stars tattooed around in a rainbow of colors.  She was 5’11” and very curvaceous with a tiny ripped waist.  She had on a skin tight flowing black silk dress with a oval hole cut out around her belly showing her 6 pack, as well as large hole showing her bare back.  She had on 6 inch red heels and a black pearl necklace.  Her name was Saseap Pollar.
     “ Hello, handsome, I see you found some new friends.  Can they stay?” asked Saseap warmly as she kissed Pator and squeezed his butt.
     “ Just long enough to enjoy themselves, but at least they are here to see my new Dlue game,” said Pator warmly as he squeezed Saseap’s butt and smiled and then asked as he looked at Famaron,” Oh, have you ever tried a Orfan seed?”
     “ No never, what exactly is it?” asked Famaron as he walked beside Pator.
     “ It’s a mild pain and fever reliever, but if you put one in wine it brings out all the flavors.  I have this friend in the village of Bornu, his name is Dorpunch, he sold me a half pound of these things wait ‘til you try one,” said Pator as he walked under the curtain and into the castle.
     As you walked in you were struck by a beautiful scent from Pator’s flower garden along the sides of the room.  There was a Dlue game board set up in the middle of the room.
     Dlue was a 4 person game where you tried to get your warrior to a secret throne room as you fought off several animatronic creatures and laser carrying mini robots.  The course had you use different vehicles for different parts from a submarine to a Flasher, all equipped with weapons.  As each of you searched the course for the throne rooms you also had the bonus of trying to find the 4 emerald helmets.  The first to find those won 5 chances at solving the Borncam riddle.  A Borncam riddle had to be solved at a specific moment or the lock wouldn’t open and you couldn’t get your prize.  If you found the throne room you only had to defeat 2 Baatolds with swords to collect the grand prize.  The first to do either got a diamond necklace and a diamond plasma hand watch with a black gold perfect circle face.  You were also given a certificate of victory that qualified you for the Dlue world championships in Soark on the planet Pupitor.  
     The far end of the room had a revolving wall with three different types of rooms that could swing in.  Like a lavish dining room, a full bar, and a living room with a 20 foot wide plasma t.v..  As everyone walked in Pator hit the button for the bar to swing smoothly into the room.  
     The bar had 7 wooden barrels of whiskey and scotch 8 feet high that were carved in Pator’s image and had spouts that looked like Mutters.  The barrels were behind the bar in a row with dozens of bottles of vodka and beer on either side of them floating on a cushion of cold air, with a red light shinning up from below.  There was also a sign above them that read,” A nimble mind can’t be corrupted by smiling faces, only solitude.”
     There were egg shaped red felt chairs on top of suspension turbines that could turn the chair into an escape pod at the touch of a button and launch downward into a tube that led to Pator’s hangar bay 50 miles away.  The bar itself was covered in a thick soft red fabric that when liquid was spilled on it would instantly dry and release a puff of smoke into the air.  The floor of the room was covered in a blue half rubber half rug combination that gave a person a more effortless walk.
     “ You have a nice setup here, do you entertain much?” asked Veata as she smiled at Pator.
     “ Not as much as I’d like too.  The townsfolk think I’m a bit of an eccentric.  Once people get that impression about you it’s hard to change it, but I’m old enough now not to be bothered by it.  Having said that I still love a party and all are welcome,” said Pator warmly then he pressed another button and a robotic Sarg rose up out of the floor and began to dance around in a circle.
     “ That gave me a bit of a shock.  Oh Goarote, I need a drink fast,” said Ratie nervously as she hurried over to the bar.
     “ You’re not the only one, hey, Pator, what about those Orfan seeds are they handy?” asked Famaron as he looked at the Dlue game. 
     “ They are indeed here, catch!” said Pator excitedly as he threw Famaron a yellow plastic Baatold shaped sack.
     Famaron caught the sack and opened the drawstring to reveal 70 rainbow colored hand shaped seeds with the face of the ancient animal the Joucen printed on them.
     The Joucen was a half dragon half man with an enormous scaly yellow head with long red spikes on it, but with a man’s eyes and face.  It had long human like arms and hands, but covered in green scales.  It had the legs of a dragon as well as the wings and pointy tail.
     “ Look at these little devils, isn’t that peculiar,” said Famaron softly as he held a Orfan in his hand.
     “ Let’s try ‘em out,” said Ohgood brightly as he put his arm around Famaron.
     “ Yes, Famaron, there is no better time to enjoy life then when you’re alive,” said Solcrist happily as he grabbed the sack of Orfans.
     “ Hey, you old coot,” said Famaron warmly as he grinned.
     Everyone walked over to the bar except for Talkyre who was messing around with the Dlue game.  As Ratie grabbed a large Sarg shaped crystal chilled mug she saw a bottle of Pesaus wine and grabbed it and said happily,” Oh the rich win the lottery.  I can’t believe there’s a bottle of Pesaus and boy am I thirsty.”
     “ What have you got there, Ratie?  It looks like trouble,” asked Solcrist slyly as he sat down at the bar.
     Pesaus was an ancient red wine made from a rare grape called a Boem and a flask of aged Joucen’s blood.  It was well known to be the only wine with no hangover.  It also would cause inebriation a soon as it touched your lips.
     “ Pesaus, can you believe it.  Who wants a glass?” asked Ratie as she pressed the button on the side of the bottle and it opened and a hum came out of the bottle.
     “ Who doesn’t, pour a round,” said Dornoa as he smiled and sat down.
     Ratie grabbed 8 crystal mugs and began pouring while everyone grabbed a seat and Saseap said happily,” We are so happy to share our home with you.  Ya know we’ve got a living stage if you like theater.”
     “ What’s that, if you don’t mind me asking?” asked Talkyre as Ratie handed him his mug of Pesaus.
     “ I don’t mind, it’s a stage filled with robots instead of actors who put on amazing performances of classic plays like the Destruction of Sleep,” said Saseap then she was handed her mug.
     The Destrution of Sleep was a 63rd century play about a man whose appearance changes dramatically every time he falls asleep.  Sometimes he wakes up stunningly handsome with black hair and other times he’s disfigured and overweight.  Then still others he wakes up as various animals like Baatolds and dragons.  All the while being the same person underneath, but having to face the world from different perspectives.  The lead character Gim’s wife Teretha marries and divorces him every time he becomes something she doesn’t like or becomes handsome again.  Then one day a wizard reveals to him that a former lover cast a spell on him after she became bitter that he had left her when she was young.  To this he replies,” I’m glad this happened to me, if I would have had to stay with that woman to avoid this fate, it would have been an unbelievable hell.”
     “ Fascinating, I would love to see that,” said Talkyre as he nodded.
     “ The Destruction of Sleep is one of my all time favorite plays.  The ending always gets me,” said Veata as she sipped.
     “ Ya know the one I’d love to see again,” said Ohgood as he looked at everyone.
     “ What’s that?” asked Solcrist plainly as he lit up a homemade cigarette.
     “ The cure to kindness, remember when the old man says, I killed your lover ‘cause she kissed my heart,” said Ohgood slyly as he grinned.
     “ Oh I love that moment cause he thought the whole time it was an accident,” said Ratie happily as she smiled.
     “ And then he kills the old man and steals his gold coins and diamond, loved it,” said Famaron gleefully as he smiled and nodded.
     “ Well then, I say we go watch a play.  If I had realized you were all lovers of the arts I would have suggested it sooner.  How ‘bout we bring the bottle of Pesaus and if we’re smart then 2 more for the trip,” said Pator warmly as he went behind the bar and reached into a floor rack of Pesaus and grabbed 2 bottles.
     Then Pator pressed another button and the entire bar swung thru the wall and came to rest inside the living stage theater.  There was a gradual decline to the stage with a continuous brown couch in an s pattern that snaked around the room with built in snack bars and soda dispensers.  On the left side of the room there was a collection of paintings slash sculptures that combined the 2 art forms seamlessly.  
One of the artworks was of Pator and Saseap lying naked in a grassy glade with a heard of Zamtru’s running past. 
     The right side of the room had a 7000 piece jig saw puzzle that was constantly moving and changing into different pictures of Pator’s favorite places, like the purple beach on Parscan.  The stage itself was shaped like a banana standing upward, with several different scenes set up that would smoothly slide into place when you choose the play you wanted.  The robot actors stood softly with warm smiles on their faces awaiting the performance in the center of the stage.  The ceiling of the stage had a holographic picture of the green moons of Semst floating in a circle projected on it.
     “ Well everyone, let’s grab our seats and choose our play.  What shall it be?” asked Pator happily as he sat down on the couch and got ready to press the button on the armrest.
     “ I’m sorry everyone, but I, I would really love to see the Destruction of sleep, more so than any other.  What do you think?” asked Veata hopefully as she sat Indian style in the middle of the couch with Famaron on her left and Ohgood and Ratie on her right.
     Talkyre flopped down beside Pator and said,” That’s fine with me, that’s one of my favorites.”
     “ Me as well, but I’ll need another glass of Pesaus before we start,” said Solcrist slyly as he motioned to Pator for the bottle and Pator smiled and handed it to him.
     “ It’s yes here too, that’s majority rule so start it up, but I must ask where are the snacks?” asked Famaron as he looked around the room.
     “ Oh fear not, emperor, press in the front of your seat,” said Pator calmly as he grinned.
     “ O.K. let’s see here,” said Famaron softly as he reached forward and pressed in the front of his seat and then down from the ceiling floated a large silver and glass box filled with warm Orcut wafers, steak sticks, cheese covered pretzel balls on a sticks and dozens of candy bars and gummy tubes that were a foot long and then Famaron said brightly,” Boy did I need this, you really know how to entertain.  What will it be first how ‘bout a pretzel ball,” said Famaron greedily as he opened the glass door on the front.
     “ Thank you, Famaron enjoy,” said Pator warmly as he smiled at Saseap.
     Then Pator started the play and suddenly the stage turned into a dense forest with a waterfall and a beautiful tall woman with blonde hair and green eyes in a lacy pink dress sitting on a rock playing a guitar and singing,” It only changes you,” by the Metallurgy Mob.
     The Metallurgy Mob were a hard rock band that had recorded 22 albums and had 300 hit songs on 6 planets.  They were a 3 piece band with Bloce Meshaving as their lead singer and guitar player.  The band started when Bloce was walking thru Troitsa and just randomly sang the name of a store he was walking into.  The man behind him Dorim Sherp was the owner of Pleu records and signed him on the spot.  The only problem was Bloce had never sung or played an instrument in his life.  2 months later after showing him the ropes and getting him 2 more musicians, Bloce released his first single and it shot straight to number one and it was the song,” It only changes you.”
     The woman’s name was Teretha Boi.  She began to sing the words,” We had a painful love, it was more than enough.  Now you’re moving on and suddenly I was wrong so I say it only changes you, It only changes you.”
     Then up walked a blonde short haired tall man with black eyes and tan skin wearing a dark blue sport coat and pants as well as a white t shirt that read,” I’ve got the answers, but you can’t ask,” across the front.  He also had on white leather dress shoes and a silver medallion tightly around his neck.  His name was Gim Boi, Teretha’s husband.
     “ Teretha, it’s better today, just look,” said Gim softly as he stood behind Teretha.
     “ I can’t, I’m still scared from yesterday.  Just leave me be,” said Teretha sternly as she looked forward and began to tremble.
     Then Gim put his hands on her shoulders and said warmly,” Please, my love’s still here.  Just let me be what I was once.”
     “ What was that?” asked Teretha warmly.
     “ The man of your dreams.  Look upon me now as you once did?” asked Gim as he eyes filled with tears.
     “ O.K., I’ll try,” said Teretha as she began to weep and then she stood up and turned slowly to face Gim and saw how handsome he was and said excitedly,” Oh, Gim, it’s you again,” and then she kissed him passionately and then yelled,” Oh Goarote let him stay the way he is now, please!”
      Then Gim kissed her and Ratie said lovingly,” That was so beautiful oh wow I loved it.”
     “ That always gets me,” said Veata as she wiped a tear from her eye and then Famaron put his arm around her and she said warmly,” thank you, Famaron, I needed that.”
     “ It’s o.k., we care about each other,” said Famaron as he rubbed Veata’s shoulder.
     “ Enough sap, get to the cool part,” said Ohgood sternly as he rolled his eyes.
     Then Gim and Teretha went to their wooden camp and got into bed.  The room had a Baatold shaped 6 foot tall wooden dresser on either side of a heart shaped king size bed.  There was also a large flat screen t.v. on the left side of the room hung from the ceiling.  Gim and Teretha lay on the bed with Teretha resting her head on his chest and then she said sweetly,” I missed you, Gim, more than anything in the world, I mean it.”
     “ That means a lot to me, I think the worst is behind us.  I’ll see you in the morning my love,” said Gim lovingly then he kissed Teretha and smiled.
     They made love then went to bed in each other’s arms.  In the morning the sun poked thru the window shade and hit Teretha in the eye.  As they slowly woke up she could feel Gim’s hairy chest and was relieved that he was normal.  Then she opened her eyes and saw he was a 8 foot tall Baatold and she screamed,” Get away from me you disgusting beast ahhh!”
     Then Gim woke up and grabbed hold of Teretha and then asked,” What’s wrong, Teretha?”
     “ It happened again, you turned into a Baatold!” said Teretha frantically as she jumped out of bed.
     “ Oh great, another day I’d like to forget.  Let  me look at this here,” said Gim sadly as he grabbed a hand held mirror and took a look and said loudly,” Oh Goarote that’s scary!  Alright, Teretha, just don’t freak out tomorrow I’ll be my old self again and this will be forgotten,” said Gim calmly as he looked at Teretha.
     “ That’s what you always say, one day this then the next day you’re someone I don’t recognize!  I just want the man I fell in love with to be here with me the way he was when we fell in love.  That’s not too much to ask!” yelled Teretha as she wept.
     “ Teretha, baby…that man’s right here, he’s been here all along.  Don’t turn away from the man you love, please,” pleaded Gim as he stood up and ducked the support beam.
     “ You’re a Baatold, look at ya.  The man I married was a gentle and kind handsome blonde haired man.  Who made me swoon if he smiled at me,” said Teretha quickly as she put her hand to her forehead.
     “ He’s still right here, gorgeous, he always will be,” said Gim sincerely as he pursed his lips.
     “ What!  You’re a 9 foot Baatold that smells of droppings and wet hair.  Are you crazy?  Goarote I have had it this curse isn’t funny anymore.  You go ahead and laugh it up, but my feelings are hurt and my nerves are frazzled!” said Teretha frantically as she paced back and forth.
     “ Look tomorrow it will be like it was.  I’ll be the man you married I promise,” said Gim honestly as he took a step towards Teretha and put out his hand and smiled showing his green fangs.
     “ What, you crazy furry rear end!  I am a woman I want a man who won’t kill me in my sleep for a snack,” said Teretha slowly as she glared at Gim.
     “ Look it’s not that bad.  Baatolds rarely eat people and it’s usually just a quick death.  They tear the head right from the body,” said Gim as he secretly thought of how tasty Teretha looked and licked his lips.
     “ Ahh…I’m out of here, by, Gim, good luck with your delusions of love.  All’s I wanted was a normal guy and what’d I get, a Baatold.  Laugh it up Goarote,” said Teretha in disgust as she hurried out of the room.
     “ That’s right, Teretha, don’t take any guff,” said Ratie boldly as she smiled.
     Everyone watching the play laughed.  Then an hour later the play was at the climatic final scene.  The set on stage was now a castle courtyard at Benea’s , Gim’s former lover’s home in the hills.  Benea was a seal black long straight haired woman, with hazel eyes.  She was very sexy and had a curvaceous figure.  She was 5’5” and had on a black unitard and black high heels, as well as a black lace choker and white pearl earrings.
     “ Hi, Benea, how’s tricks?  Ya know like the one you played on me you wench,” asked Gim snidely as he walked up to Benea who was sitting in a lawn chair and drinking a cup of wine.
     “ Look, Gim, you got what you deserved.  No man betrays me or it is he who feels my wrath,” said Benea coldly as she sipped her wine.
     “ Well then I must repay your kindness in equal kind,” said Gim happily as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a black sticky piece of dead magic and a white lighter.
     Dead magic turns a person into a Gargoyle if it was lit on fire and thrown at them within 5 seconds.
     “ Gim, what are you doing?  What is that?” asked Benea nervously as she looked at the dead magic.
     “ Just spreadin’ the love bye, gorgeous,” said Gim happily as he lit the dead magic and then threw it at Benea.
      The flaming ball turned into a huge purple face of Louser as it flew towards her.  Then when it hit it enveloped her whole body and suddenly parts of her body began to change as she screamed in horror.  Then in a matter of seconds her arms and legs were green and scaly then her torso turned into a gargoyles.  Then her face exploded in a burst of orange bubbles and left only a Gargoyle’s head behind.  Gim looked at her then turned to go and said flatly,” Sambits hath no fury like I do.”
     Sambits is a partial dimension where murderers and rapists particles scattered upon their deaths.  This is what is believed to be just reward for a horrific life by all in the Coulez system.
                                                                             
   

    





     IN the time before order, civilization, even love of thy fellow man, there was a man known as Yash the knower of things.  Yash was a writer of many books that spoke of common sense that at the time wasn’t so common.  Like the idea that a single violent act eventually becomes a dozen leading back to the original person.
     He also was a voracious reader of the then holy book the Puirt.  One night as he read the passage,” If I am a lover of life, then am I a casualty of the grimness of living.  Or if I see it for what it is, are more thoughts bruised and racing towards cynicism,” when a profound thought, later to be called a Stormtag, popped into his mind.  He quickly grabbed a pen and wrote it down and it read as such,” At the moment your greatest feeling of pride and conceit occurs, will be the same moment the pillars of your tower start to weaken.  And as your ego continues to grow, so will the weight on those weakened pillars.  Then when your smile grows too wide your weight will shift just enough to crack those very pillars and tumble you shall ‘til the ground below is your pillow and your blood a blanket.  God is watching and only humble minds draw his favor.”
     In the morning at the entrance to the Covert caves thousands of the Plalo wizards were entering on their way to the Caristic.  They rushed in with staffs in hand led by Omenid Breadfish.
     Omenid Breadfish was 5’10” and all of 200 pounds of smooth muscle.  He had a pair of gargoyle tattoos facing each other over his lavender eyes.  He also had long red hair that would move from side to side with every step and had 7 tiny pony tails at the tips in the back.  He also had a thick dark brown goatee and handlebar mustache.  He had large workman’s hands and wide feet.  He had on a dark green robe with the hood over half his face and the robe had hundreds of animals sewn into it like Baatolds and Corvubs.  Hi shoes were tan leather sandals with a Bucklo pendant on each.  He had a long 7 foot tan wooden staff with a pair of Sargs punching each other in his left hand.
     Bucklo pendants repelled dense magic like that used in simple spells and all torture spells.
     Omenid walked into the Gavert caves keeping to himself, as were all the other Plalo so as to not draw suspicion from the Halbaltic gang members milling about.  He walked past several store fronts and then saw the one destroyed in the attack on Famaron and felt a bit nervous.  Then a seal black haired short and stocky Halbaltic gang member named Pranko Shave saw him and gave Omenid a once over and then asked,” What’s the hurry wizard?  You seem a bit frayed.”
     “ No hurry, friend, just enjoying a brisk morning walk.  It’s a bit chilly nice isn’t it?” asked Omenid quickly as he half smiled and continued to walk down thru the cave.
     “ Brisk walk eh,” said Pranko in disbelief and then said sternly,” You realize it’s 70 degrees in here right now, not exactly cold, FRIEND.”
     “ Well I ah…didn’t mean to bother you just being friendly,” said Omenid nervously as he looked over at Pranko.
     Pranko walked hurriedly up beside Omenid and gave him a stern look and then asked,” Why so many of you wizards in the caves today?  It doesn’t feel right to me.”
     Then Omenid felt his heart sink and then said nervously,” We heard there was a new restaurant opening up and that wizards got half off.”
     “ Oh is that right, funny I never heard of this.  Maybe it’s because you’re lyin’ thru your teeth.  Stop right there,” said Pranko sternly as he put his left arm across Omenid’s chest and stopped him.
     “ I don’t like to be touched by strangers.  Remove your hand,” said Omenid coldly as he glared at Pranko and gripped his staff.
     “ Watch it, wizard, don’t be tellin’ Pranko where he can put his hands.  Now tell me why you’re here or I’m gonna mess you up,” said Pranko fiercely as he pushed Omenid and smiled.
     Then Omenid glared at Pranko and said boldly,” You’ve crossed my boundaries, that was your mistake.”
     “ I don’t see it that way, wizard, this is our world now,” said Pranko snidely as he stared down Omenid.
     “ You only think it is bile eater,” said Omenid coldly then he pushed Pranko away from him and raised his staff and shouted,” Pubble never resio!”
     Then a wave of orange electricity and hard smoke shot into Pranko and knocked him back 50 feet into a store’s door.  He fell to the ground dazed and slowly moved onto his side and shook his head.  Then Omenid started hurrying away into the cave, but another gang member saw this and started after him.
     The gang member was Nidav Soothus.  He had a long forehead with a perfect circle of blonde hair that covered half of his head with the rest shaven.  He also had a circle of blonde hair on his chin and 2 more for sideburns.  His eyes were dark green with triangle patters in each.  He was handsome, but looked like he didn’t know it.  He stood 6 feet tall 184 pounds.  He had on a red leather jacket with no collar as well as a pair of black silky dress pants that had the Halbaltic crest sewn into the pockets in red thread.  He also had on a pair of white Cuceth sneakers with white laces.
     Cuceth sneakers had temperature gages to keep the vents on the sides opening if your feet were about to sweat.  They also had clock in the toe that could only be read by the wearer as he looked down.
     “ Hey, wizard, hold it up there!” yelled Nidav as he walked quickly after Omenid.
     Omenid heard this and looked to either side of him and saw other wizards shaking their heads no.  So he began to run and was darting in and out of every person in front of him, with Nidav seeing this and he began to run full speed after him.  Then as Omenid looked over his shoulder he saw Nidav only 30 feet behind him and when he turned forward, ran right into a 7’5” 560 pound body guard of Prasau named Poreroz who had on a black helmet shaped like a lamp shade with the bottom of it fashioned into a steel socket in his neck.  Poreroz also had on a black robe and white sandals on his size 43 feet.  Prasau was standing beside him holding a Mutters in his hand with a fierce scowl on his face.  Poreroz grabbed hold of Omenid with his huge hands and held him strong in place.
     “ Prasau,” said Omenid breathlessly as he looked up at Poreroz in awe.
     “ Yes, Omenid, and you can see my large friend here had every intention of doing you terrible harm if you get wise.  Now, explain to me why you just attacked my DEAR FRIEND Pranko,” said Prasau sharply as he looked at Omenid.
     “ He tried to man handle me and I don’t stand for that, never!” said Omenid sternly as he tried in vain to release himself. 
     “ Well tuff tuff, you’re gonna have to deal with a bit of that aren’t you,” said Prasau slyly as he tried not to laugh.
     “ Why don’t you leave me be, I’m just going for a walk.  What’s the harm in that?” asked Omenid as he looked down.
     “ There’s quite a bit, ask poor Pranko.  O.K. look, I’m gonna let you go, but if you hurt another one of my men your thoughts will race and your heart struggle to pump as you reach outward for the afterlife.  Are we understood?” asked Prasau sternly as he grabbed Omenid’s shoulder tightly.
     We are, I’m sorry about Pranko.  I will mind my own business,” said Omenid then Prasau let go of him.
     Omenid felt a sense of relief and caught the eye of another wizard who gave a nod that told him it was fine.  Omenid hurried down the cave’s main walkway.  He went past the statues of Borter Finyet which showed him holding Parscan in one hand and the sun in the other.
     Borter Finyet was the only Tritan wizard on Parscan.  Tritan is a degree of wizardry that can only be achieved with ten years of study and practice of advanced magic.  Once you achieve this level of mastery 
you are given the Boswap spells, which are 13 pages of the most secret and most deadly spells.  One of which can turn a person’s body inside out in a moment leaving them to die a horrid death.  There was also a list of 3 crippling phrases that had to be uttered a particular way, but when they were it destroyed a person’s confidence and sent terror thru their bodies one of which was,” So why are you such an idiot is it genetic?” said in a nonchalant voice.  Borter was the only inhabitant born on Parscan in the past 200 years to achieve the Tritan.  After winning he was given a large chateau on the Wamup hill outside of Troitsa that towered 500 feet into the air and was made of platinum and marble.  Borter was a slight man of 5’5” 135 pounds, but was feared nonetheless.  He had dark brown combed back short hair that started in the middle of his large forehead.  His eyes were red and yellow and looked like a star in the center.  He had an abnormally thick brown and red beard that was trimmed to look like a maze that went from one ear to the other.  He often wore his yellow sweater jacket that had his Tritan crest on it.
     Omenid raced into the hallway leading to the entrance of the Caristic and it was filled with wizards for 200 yards.  The walls of the hallway were filled with pictures people had taken inside the Caristic while it was open.  There was a picture of Famaron’s father running thru the motionless bubbles, which were red and blue bubbles that wouldn’t pop, but could be passed thru easily.
     “ Hey, Omenid, what kept you?” asked Manab Volca as he touched Omenid’s shoulder.
     Manab Volca was 6’2” and very thin with narrow shoulders and thick hands.  He had orange and black hair that was cut into 3 dozen small triangles of hair that were spiked up.  He had gargoyle shaped green steel sunglasses covering his burgundy eyes.  He had a 3 inch computer screen on the side of his head that showed random messages from his subconscious like,” we’re more hungry than you know find a talking friend quick the mind is fresh,” as little blue and red lights flashed around it.  He had on a tan 
robe with a white strip across his chest that had the Plalo crest on it.  He also had on black ankle high Keyvos sneakers with black laces.
     Keyvos were made from committed mental patients used recreational rubber balls and broken plastic spoons.  They were named after Keyvos Cames the founder of Jamit records, which produced over 50,000 hit songs over 200 years.  Keyvos himself wrote over 150 hits before his 30th birthday.
     “ Oh hey, Manab, I had a run in with Prasau and his thugs.  Have you tried to open it yet?” asked Omenid as he looked down the hall.
     “ They just started.”
     “ Any headway?” asked Omenid as he looked at all the other wizards.
     “ No not yet, they’re throwing a series of huge destructive spells at it, but it won’t budge.  The Gorshan lock just won’t open,” said Manab sadly as he started to walk down the hallway with Omenid.
     “ Have they tried putting a hand covered in dense magic on the Halpera diamond?” asked Omenid anxiously as he nodded to several wizards as they walked past.
     “ Well, that lottery’s been lost for 30 years.  The chance of such a thing is not very likely,” said Manab sadly as he walked.
     “ But there’s still a chance, if the right hand touched it, it would open instantly.  We’ve got to keep trying especially the Plalo, because Goarote gave us all gifts and maybe he gave us that gift,” said Omenid hopefully.
     “ Maybe, but they’re blastin’ the Sambits out of it right now.  Just wait ‘til you see who it is,” said Manab coyly as he grimaced. 
     “ Not Rendred Mornion,” said Omenid implying a question as he looked at Manab in disgust. 
     “ Unfortunately, yeah Rendred himself.  I bet he’ll love to see us huh?” asked Manab sarcastically as he grinned.
     “ Now I am officially having a bad day.  Enter this one in my log of displeasures, oh Goarote why,” said Omenid as he threw up his hands.
     As they walked the last 50 yards they could see Rendred shouting spell after spell.
     Rendred Mornion had violet shaven hair that was only long in a circle in the front and it was made to look like Rendred standing straight up.  He had soft sullen peach eyes and a perfectly straight nose with matching half inch Baatold tattoos on either side.  His mouth bore a cocky grin at all times.  He had a thick walrus type mustache that covered his upper lip and was also violet in color.  He was a burly man of 6’8” and 348 pounds, with huge biceps and tree trunk legs.  He had on a brown corduroy robe and a black leather collarless jacket, with a tiny computer built into the chest of it for instant access to his collection of spells.  He also had on white leather boots with black spiked soles.  He had a white ivory staff with gold and diamonds on the top in the shape of 5 Dowa birds.
     “ Rendred raised his white staff and shouted,” Poomurn Dunrun!”
     Then a steady stream of black fire came out of his staff and shot at the Gorshan lock, but had no effect and then he threw up his hands and said in disgust,” This is crazier than any war ever fought.  Utterly pointless in every way!”     
     Then Rendred gritted his teeth and stared at the lock and said boldly,” I’ve got it, I have got it stand back,” and then he raised his staff and shouted,” Lurash Hatwo!”
     Then a ten foot tall and 7 foot wide Corvub appeared with a flaming sword in its hand and began to bash the lock violently.  Every blow caused the sword to bounce back at the Corvub.  Then it reared back and did its strongest blow and when it did the sword bounced back and split its head into 2 pieces and it fell to the ground and died.
     “ What, you idiot Corvub, you worthless no good useless waste of Goarote’s clay ahh,” said Rendred in exasperation as he kicked the Corvub’s body and then he looked up and saw Omenid and asked warmly,” Oh hi, Omenid, how have you been?”
     Omenid smiled and said slyly,” Better than you, how’s your ultimate magic workin’ out for ya?” asked Omenid as he stepped over the Corvub and up to the lock and then gave it a look and said softly,” It could be me.”
     “ What could be you?  You don’t think that your hand can open it, that’s ridiculous?” asked Rendred in disbelief.
     “ Why not me I say.  Let’s find out for certain,” said Omenid boldly then he slowly reached out and put his hand on the Halpera and the door to the Caristic jostled and Omenid felt a shock go thru his system and it gave him chills and he said loudly,” did you see that, it moved, the Caristic almost opened.  Goarote that was exciting!”
     “ How did you do that?  No one else could budge it,” asked Rendred in disbelief as he walked over to the Halpera and looked at it.
     “ I don’t know, but if I can move it then someone else could open it.  I say we have all the wizards give it a go and maybe we’ll get lucky,” said Omenid then he put his hand on it again and the Gorshan moved slightly again.
     “ Whoa, that’s amazing it must be set for a specific wizard to open it,” said Manab hopefully as he walked over to Omenid and then asked,” Can I try it?”
     Omenid looked over at Manab and said,” Of course it could be any one of us.  We all should step up and try!” shouted Omenid as he looked at the other wizards.
     Manab stepped forward and felt a nervous chill as he started to reach for the Halpera so he stopped.  Then he took a deep breath and quickly reached out and put his hand on it and a red circle of light appeared beneath him and he stomped his foot and said sadly,” Why wasn’t it me?  I deserved to be the one.”
     “ It’s alright, Manab, you’re not the first to try and fail.  We will get lucky if Goarote sees fit,” said Rendred warmly as he patted Manab on the back.
     King Lucern, Trabin, and his Gorax land and sky machine were flying over the Parscan countryside in search of Famaron.
     The Gorax was a long ship shaped like a pair of pontoons with a house connecting them.  It had over 30 gun turrets on each of the 100 foot long pontoons, with a 13 foot wide laser canon on the front of the house on top.  There was also a star shaped trio of green glass windows that encircled the steel cockpit on top of the ship.  There was a huge anti gravity thruster on the bottom of the ship as well as a jet engine on the back.  There were 14 escape pods 7 per side that were Kiwi shaped and had the ability 
to launch out of the atmosphere.  The ship was colored dark green on the sides and the house portion on top was dark red and black.  The house portion was 50 feet wide and 170 feet tall. 
     Inside the cockpit stood Lucern and Trabin as they watched holograms of the ground below on an oval white checkered table in front of them.  The cockpit had 40 holographic projections of every bit of data you needed to fly the Gorax from speed to direction.  And all could be changed with a single thought as Lucern had a partial hard drive installed in his head implanted 10 years prior.  The 3 windows also had hidden laser canons behind them that could slide into place in an instant.  The walls were covered in keepsakes from Lucern’s life, like a dozen favored books as well as pictures of his childhood.
     “ O.K., Trabin, if the emperor is out here we’ll find him.  I’m gonna bring us down a little closer to the ground, they could be on foot,” said Lucern sternly as he thought of the ship’s proper course with his hard drive then the ship swooped down to only 50 feet above the ground.
     “ If they’re walking, how long could they elude the patrols?” asked Trabin as he watched the holograms intently.
     “ The emperor is very wise, so I wouldn’t be surprised if he outthinks them quite easily.  He’s alive, I know it more than I’ve ever known anything.  What’s that group of wizards doing on that road?” asked Lucern as he looked at a group of 50 wizards riding down a dirt road on a dozen Solisva’s.
     Solisva’s were grass colored motorcycles that were 10 feet long and had large tan leather carrying beds all along the sides.  They also had laser canons on the front and back that could disperse a person’s particles and scatter them to the afterlife.  The front had the head of Gabum Raufen across it.  The Solisva used anti gravity as well as small jet engines to propel them.  They had a recliner chair for the driver and 2 passengers.    
     Gabum Raufen was the owner of the Torest mines in the mossy plains region of Vertize.  The inhabitants were known as the Geen and were genetic misfits as their bodies were covered from head to toe with a thick green moss.  They could disappear in a field by closing their eyes and hunching over.  The Geen were very protective of each other and if one were in danger they’d use a toxin in their fingertips to paralyze attackers and eventually kill them.  Their entire community was hidden under layers of moss and could only be seen from a few feet away.  Gabum was a Geen by birth and mined the Torest mines for Hydram.  Hydram was a powerful red rock that could be crushed to powder and ingested giving people a perfect functioning brain.  It even increased a person’s I.Q. by 50 points and peeled away layers of prior pain.  The problem was it could never be stopped being taken or the person’s nervous system would collapse.  Virtually 92 percent of every person on Parscan took it daily.  This gave Gabum enormous power and political clout.  Everyone knew to leave him be and be especially nice to him.  Gabum kept the shipments coming every week in exchange for endless wealth and a huge 50 million acre region for he and his people.
     “ They look like Plalo,” said Trabin in disbelief.
     “ Exactly, what in the Parscan would they all be doing traveling out here in the middle of nowhere?” asked Lucern then he laughed and said sternly,” Something’s up, we’re asking them flatly what’s going on.  Now, Trabin, be ready this could be a trap.”
     “ Of course I’ll bring a Mutters for safety’s sake,” said Trabin as he pressed a button on the floor with his foot and a dozen Mutters on a silver rack rose up out of the floor and he grabbed one and put it in his holster around his waist.
     “ Good idea, hand me one.  We’ll land up ahead of their course.  I’ve got to know and it could be the emperor himself in disguise,” said Lucern as he steered the ship out ahead of the wizards.
     They landed the Gorax on the side of the dirt road and hurried outside.  They stood in the center of the road and waited for the wizards.  After 2 minutes Lucern became a bit anxious and started to worry.  He wondered what was taking them so long.
     “ Shouldn’t they have gotten here by now?” asked Lucern anxiously as he glared down the dirt road.
     “ Yeah, they should’ve come around that corner by now,” said Trabin softly as he eyed the road.
     “ Do you think they could have saw us?” asked Lucern plainly as he looked at Trabin.
     “ I don’t see how we were hidden behind the trees.  And they couldn’t have heard us ‘cause we weren’t using the jet thrusters.  Something must have happened to them,” said Trabin dryly as he grimaced.
     “ Well let’s not let it happen to us as well, let’s get back in the Gorax and get up in the air to take a look,” said Lucern as he hurried back to the ship with Trabin right beside him.
     They got inside and rose up into the air and looked and saw a dozen Flashers surrounding the wizards.  There were Posism Beliefs guards beating the wizards with Fatluck sticks, while the wizards staffs were being smashed to pieces.
     Fatluck sticks were 2 foot long platinum and metal sticks, that had large half pound balls inside a chamber.  That would slide to the end of the sticks as you swung them giving you extra force to hit with while ear piercing sound crippled your victim.
     “ There’s the culprits, Trabin, things are getting worse by the minute.  If we’re gonna find the emperor before his fate is the same as theirs, we’re gonna need to be smarter.  If we had walked up that road to check we’d be dead right now,” said Lucern gravely as he watched a wizard get his skull cracked open with a Fatluck stick.
     “ You’re right, but why didn’t we walk up the road and look?” asked Trabin nervously as he furrowed his brow.
     “ The same something that told me the emperor is still alive, told me to get back in the ship.  This confirms to me that it’s all unraveling.  Our government is now corrupt and being led by a criminal.  I tell you this, Trabin, we are going to find the emperor and make this right or our lives are a farce and they always were,” said Lucern boldly as he watched a pair of wizards get blasted with Mutters in the heads and die.






     Faldcor Pwoit was a Geen prophet who wrote one page of scripture everyday for 50 years that became known as Faldcor’s Indisputable Grace.  They numbered over 18,000 pages that ranged from brief stories to truths about the world he had discovered like the fact that proud men greedily carry secret resentments.  And also loving women can become so towards others by choosing.
     His short story Pansprat and Dustic had a passage that read,” I know Dustic, we were friends and as friendships go it was strong, but as people go I was always the weaker and less worldly.  I killed your brother today to free you of the burden of family and you need not thank me today.  And while you ponder that remember god gave us life we only think it was our parents,” said Pansprat warmly as he stood in front of Dustic with a sword in his hands.
     Famaron, Ratie, Ohgood, Veata, Solcrist, and Talkyre waited behind Pator’s chateau on the deck, while his army of robots were being loaded into Pator’s chateau.  Pator and Saseap walked over to where everyone was standing. 
     “ How is the group this fine misty morning?” asked Pator brightly as he smoked his Coablac cigarette. 
     Coablacs were dark blue cigarettes that dissolved into water after they were disguarded.  They tasted of chocolate and had a mild nicotine.
     “ We’re great, Pator, but we were just wondering why the robots were going into the chateau instead of into a ship?” asked Famaron as he squinted his eyes and grinned.
     “ Oh my, friend, that’s the best part.  The chateau is a ship, I flew it here over 30 years ago.  Granted she hasn’t lifted off the ground in quite some time, but nonetheless she shall and will.  Now, does anyone need a quick snack before we leave?” asked Pator happily as he pointed to a trio of robots carrying trays of food like pancakes, Sapuiz, and even Shorn.
     Sapuiz was a very easily chewed Ormuc patty that was cut into a triangle and marinated for 2 hours in 3 dozen spices and sauces.
     Shorn was a rare fish egg sandwich that used the Shorn fish’s eggs and a baked 6 inch wide glazed buttered roll as well as a rare Gueberry jelly.
     Gueberry tasted like a lime and strawberry mix and were purple in color and square in shape.
     “ Wait ah minute, that giant chateau is gonna fly?” asked Ratie in disbelief as she saw the food come over  and a black steel table come out of the deck and the trays set on it.
     “ Oh Goarote yes, Ratie, it’s the ultimate way to travel without leaving home,” said Pator slyly as he smirked at Ratie.
     “ Huh, well then there is nothing I haven’t seen now.  Time to settle in to adulthood,” said Ratie sadly as she walked over to the trays of food. 
     “ There’s so many robots in your army where are we gonna fit in the chateau?” asked Talkyre as he looked over at the massive army.
     “ You’d be surprised at how deep the chateau goes into the ground.  Trust me, Talkyre, there will be 4 floors of space for us to ride comfortably.  Has anyone seen Saseap, she should have been here by now?” asked Pator in a concerned tone as he looked around the grounds.
     “ She’s with me, traitor, right where she belongs,” said Teroco snidely as he held Saseap’s arm tightly and had a Mutters to her head with a short orange haired priest in a white robe named Bamoist standing next to him holding a red staff. 
     “ Teroco, be wise, you kill her and you’re dead along with your friend.  Let her go and get out of my life for good!” shouted Pator fiercely as he glared at Teroco.
     “ No, Pator, you’re gonna help me bring this rabble to justice or your life, here on Proe is over.  You might as well pack up and never return,” said Teroco smugly as he grinned at Pator.
     “ That sounds about right to me,” said Pator flatly.
     “ What, you would never leave here and you know it.  We’re your only family now,” said Teroco who was obviously taken aback as he looked at Pator then Bamoist.
     “ I would do exactly that.  The years I’ve spent here have been grand, but only years.  There’s a world out there that now beckons me like never a friend has.  I’m sorry, Teroco, but you’ve burned your own bridges they’re no longer mine as well,” said Pator calmly as he looked at Teroco then Saseap and nodded.
     Teroco looked around at everyone and couldn’t find a friendly face.  Then he let go of Saseap and she ran over to Pator and kissed him.
     “ Maybe not, but I’ve got a duty to do,” said Teroco sternly and then he looked at his Mutters.
     “ And so do we,” said Solcrist happily then he raised his staff and shouted,” Doom be a raisin!”
     Then a fiery red man with horns and a flaming whip on a chariot appeared in front of Teroco and rode towards him as Teroco blasted him with the Mutters, but the shots only slowed him slightly.  So Teroco and Bamoist scattered and ran in opposite directions.  The fiery man rode after Bamoist first and as he got close to him whipped the back of his legs and his robe lit on fire.  Bamoist screamed in agony then raised his staff and shouted,” Darnagen to laft!”
     Then Bamoist grew a set of white wings and began to lift off the ground, but as he did the fiery man cast his whip and it wrapped around Bamoist’s left leg, burning it right down to the bone and even thru it.  Then Bamoist screamed a howling scream and began to fly upward away from the fiery man.
     Meanwhile Teroco ducked behind a statue and then turned quickly and looked to see he was safe.  Then he saw Talkyre raising his staff and he aimed and blasted his stomach with the Mutters causing a burst of flesh and blood to come out.
     “ Everyone quickly in here!” shouted Pator as he opened a secret passageway in the deck and went inside.  Saseap was close behind as were Ratie, Ohgood and Famaron, but Solcrist saw Talkyre needed help and raised his staff and shouted,” Udonina vedefa!”
     Then a river of black scarabs appeared in the shape of a 7 foot tall man and began running after Teroco.  Teroco fired again at Talkyre and blew his right shoulder clean off, but as he did the scarabs jumped and landed on top of him.  They began devouring his body and in a matter of seconds he was no more.
     Solcrist ran over to Talkyre who was lying on his side and coughing up blood and said frantically,” Hold on, Talkyre, just give me a second.  Oh my Goarote, what is the spell, what is the spell!”
     Then Solcrist looked down at Talkyre who was shaking and his mind began to race thru spells.  Then suddenly he raised his staff and shouted,” Lambledo tamro for breath!”
     Then a dozen white circles of fire surrounded Talkyre’s body and began to pulse as the fire turned to green light.  Then they shot into his body and his skin turned red and Solcrist pleaded,” Please, Goarote don’t let it be too late!  Save poor Talkyre!” pleaded Solcrist as he began to weep.
     Famaron walked up next to Solcrist and gave him a nod that said it all.  Then they looked down at Talkyre and Talkyre’s face was stark white and his eyes rolled back in his head and Solcrist said softly,” He was…he was the world’s friend and not in a small way.  Now he’s gone to catch Goarote’s ear, but we must stand back now, Famaron, his magical core will expire soon.”
     “ He was a great friend,” said Famaron as he and Solcrist walked 20 feet away from Talkyre and then turned to see his body start to fire out large square black bursts of magical energy.
     As this happened his feet began to disappear, then as a soaring thunder could be heard larger fiery bursts of blue star shaped magical energy rocketed out of his body and into the sun.  Then his lower half and half his torso was completely gone.  Then suddenly what was left of him rolled up into a ball of green mass and rolled off the deck and when it hit the grass below was consumed by it and the last of Talkyre disappeared completely.
     “ Do you need a moment to yourself?” asked Famaron sincerely as he looked at Solcrist warmly.
     “ There isn’t the time, wars don’t fight themselves, Famaron,” said Solcrist boldly and then he pursed his lips and nodded to everyone.
     “ That’s a good point, how soon can we get up in the air and head for Parscan?” asked Famaron as he looked at Pator.
     “ The last of the robots are loading now.  So that being said let’s go get comfortable inside,” said Pator warmly as he started to go inside, but then in front of him he saw Bamoist and yelled,” I’ve got this, leave this miscreant to me!”
     Then Pator grabbed the pendant around his neck and whispered,” Karmo elanis!”
     As he did Bamoist stood on a silver leg and his real one and raised his staff and shouted,” Moosetur beaten!”
     Then a large fat Corvub holding a crystal sword appeared on top of a small Solisva and rode right at Pator who calmly stood where he was.  As the Corvub raised its sword Pator blew on his pedant and a tunnel shaped explosion of thousands of 1 foot diamond blades launched from the pendant.  They went thru the Corvub and its Solisva and destroyed both of them.  Then it continued onward and thru Bamoist turning his former body into a pile of human remains.
     “ O.K. great, let’s hit the road,” said Pator nonchalantly as he wiped his hands then clapped and smirked.
     “ Ya know I didn’t get to know that pile of blood and flesh as well as I’d have liked too, but I’ll miss him,” said Ohgood sarcastically as he walked past what was left of Bamoist and grinned.
     “ You’re not the only one, oh brother,” said Ratie jokingly as she poked Ohgood.
     Then everyone went inside and followed Pator into a huge indoor outdoor solarium.  And as they walked in the rows of plants and flowers they flipped down into the floor and up came a large control 
panel and a pair of black leather couches facing a ten foot high and 15 foot wide flat screen monitor that had dozens of the ships controls arranged on it.  There was also a pair of green and red fluffy paisley chairs with built in control panels on the armrests as well as foot stools in front, that were just in front of the couches for Pator and Saseap.  On the sides of the room there was a half dozen gunners chairs that had laser canons in front of them.  On the ceiling there was a crow’s nest that extended up into a dome with 4 robots manning the controls in front of a continuous round computer monitor.  On the right wall there was a mini kitchen hid behind the wall that would rotate in at the press of a button.  The entire room was burgundy and black in color with 2 dozen various mini 1 foot robots that looked like Pator walking in every direction and doing various tasks.
     “ O.K. everyone get comfy, we’re gonna dance in the starlight while our toes still tap,” said Pator slyly as he sat down in the captains chair and grinned.
     “ Have you ever flown with him in the chateau before?” asked Ohgood as he looked at Saseap and sat down on the left couch.
     “ Never, I can’t wait to feel the rush of it all, what a thrill,” said Saseap excitedly as she walked over to her seat beside Pator.
     “ When this baby lifts off I’ll be feeling a little more than a thrill, a massive heart attack.  Needless to say I’ll have to see it to believe it,” said Famaron sternly as he sat down and looked around for a seatbelt.
     “ Then take a gander we’re lifting off right,…now,” said Pator happily as he pressed the ignition switch.
     Then the holograms of the outside of the chateau appeared in front of the couches and they saw as the base of the chateau began to emit pulses of green light.  Then suddenly the whole ship shook and everyone felt a nervous shock and Pator said calmly,” It’s alright everyone, you can’t make an omelet without breaking a few eggs.”
     “ Broken eggs aren’t my concern it’s my cranium that doesn’t crack so well,” said Ohgood anxiously. 
     Ratie laughed and felt the ship lift up and became nervous.  The trees on the side of the chateau had their bark burned off revealing iron rocket thrusters underneath.  There was a loud thundering sound as the basement lifted from its molding.  Then suddenly a loud popping sound and then silence as the chateau lifted cleanly from the ground and soared up thru the clouds.
     “ That wasn’t scary or anything I knew we’d be fine,” said Famaron sarcastically as he grinned wildly.
     “ We were never in danger my robots kept the maintenance up for all these years.  Now, we’ve got a lengthy journey ahead of us ‘til we get to the wormhole,” said Pator as he stood up and walked over to the wall and pressed a button and the kitchen swung in.
     “ You takin’ the Corbanst or the Renyvo?” asked Solcrist as he looked at a pair of mini robots fighting one another in front of him.
     “ I thought the Corbanst, why do you ask?” asked Pator as he poured a glass of scotch.
     “ Oh really, well it’s just the Renyvo could get us to the far side of Parscan quicker and make it easier to get to the Caristic, but it’s your ship,” said Solcrist.
     “ That’s a good point, Solcrist, which reminds me what of the Plalo.  They must be wondering where we are I hope they weren’t discovered, that would be disastrous,” said Famaron in a concerned tone as he looked at Solcrist.
     “ Good point, well they’re wizards I wouldn’t worry,” said Solcrist calmly as he rubbed his temple.
     “ You know you’re right Renyvo would be a better choice.  I’ll set our course for it, will be just a minute,” said Pator brightly as he walked over to the command seat.
     As he sat down a group of 5 Gealthic fighter jets came onto the radar behind them.
     Gealthic fighters were used by the Yesic Holy council and were dark green in color and had the shape of an eagle with its wings outstretched.  They also had a round blue bubble on top that was surrounded by laser canon turrets and missile launchers that could fire in any direction.  They were controlled by a trio of gunners with joysticks inside the Gealthic.
     “ Are friends are back and they look leathal.  Everyone grab a gun and get ready for kisses this could be heavy!” said Pator boldly as he pressed a red square button and a large black double hand joystick rose out of the floor in front of him and Saseap.
     “ My vacation’s ending early Ohgood, Ratie, I want you on my side.  Solcrist, Veata, take the right and let ‘em burn some sky if you can!”said Famaron sternly as he jumped into a gunners chair with Ohgood and Ratie doing the same right beside him.
     Veata and Solcrist jumped into their gunners seats and scanned the sky for the Gealthics.  Then Pator saw them on the left and shouted,” They’re on the left let ‘em have it!”
     “ It’s your shot, Ratie!” yelled Famaron as he looked over at Ratie.
     The Gealthics started firing their missiles into the steel enforced walls of the ship and blew away a large chunk.  Ratie started firing on the nearest one and blew off half its right wing and part of its laser canons, but the Gealthic didn’t fall from the sky.
     Then Famaron and Ohgood joined in and fired upon the wounded ship as the rest of the Gealthics scattered in different directions.  Ohgood hit the Gealthic broad side and it started a chain reaction causing it to have several small explosions then it blew up and filled the sky with smoke and flames.
     “ Nice shot, Ohgood, and you too, Ratie, but there’s still 4 of those suckers left,” said Famaron boldly as he scanned the holograms.
     “ There’s one in front of us,” said Ratie loudly.
     “ I see it and I’ve got it, watch this,” said Pator boldly as he clicked on the heat seeking missiles and squeezed the firing button.
     Then 6 heat seeking missiles tore after the Gealthic fighter.  He saw them on his radar and immediately swerved from side to side and then straight up, but he only lost one of the missiles which flew off into the atmosphere.  The other 5 followed him down and just as he turned to the right sharply another missile barely missed him and crashed into a grassy hilltop leaving a smoking crater and a plume of smoke causing a huge fiery explosion.
     “ This one’s good, but he can’t run forever where are the others?” asked Pator as he watched the holograms.
     “ We’ve got 2 over here,” said Veata sternly as she tried to lock on her laser canons on a Gealthic.
     Meanwhile the Gealthic with the missiles chasing it was only a few feet in front of them when the pilot panicked and tried to pull straight up and the missiles crashed into him and blew the ship into a million tiny flaming pieces and killed him instantly.
     “ I’ve got the one on the left,” said Veata as she aimed at one and then began firing at it.
     Her shots barely missed the Gealthic, but then she went manual and took dead aim on the cockpit and hit it 8 times in a rapid burst.  The shots hit and went right thru the floor of the cockpit and hit the main fuel cell causing the ship to implode.  The explosion left little of the ship and also blew off a part of the chateau.
     “ Nice work, Veata, now it’s my turn to rid the world of another lost soul,” said Solcrist boldly as he sighted in on one of the 2 remaining Gealthics.
     “ O.K. that’s one, but where’d the other one go?” asked Saseap as she scanned the holograms of the area around the ship.
     “ I don’t see him anywhere,” said Pator in disbelief.
     Meanwhile Solcrist was following his Gealthic from side to side trying to blast, but every shot kept missing and he yelled,” Why won’t you stand still you little brat!”
     The Gealthic did a full side spin and as it did blasted away at the chateau’s undercarriage.
     “ We won’t last long if he hits the thrusters or the fuel cells, Solcrist,” said Pator sternly as he watched the action.
     “ I’m trying!” said Solcrist sternly as he fired again and again unsuccessfully.
     “ Aim in front of it and he’ll ride right into the blast,” said Ratie quickly as she walked over and got a Sesop pop can.
     Everyone looked over at her with a shocked look on their faces and Ratie shrugged her shoulders and smirked .  Then Solcrist aimed in front of the Gealthic and instantly hit it 5 times in its back and a stream of fire poured out of the ship.  The pilot inside hit the ejection button and was launched straight down thru the floor of the Gealthic.  A second later he fired up a jet pack and sped away from the chateau as everyone watched and Ohgood said wryly,” Coward, he should have died like a hero would…with his body blown away in a fiery blaze.”
     Everyone looked at Ohgood and then laughed and then Pator said firmly,” I see him, the last one is hovering below the ship and trying to board us.”
     “ Board us, how dumb is that,” said Ratie in disbelief as she walked over to Pator and looked at the pilot trying to open an escape hatch.
     “ Well, what should we do he could be armed with explosives,” said Famaron firmly as he looked at Pator.
     “ I’ve got just the thing for our new friend.  Watch this little trick he’s in for a shock.  No pun intended, life taken,” said Pator snidely as he grinned and then pressed the button to seal off the garbage ports.
     This caused a powerful electrical charge to shoot across the bottom of the ship and right into the unsuspecting pilot.  This caused his body to shake violently as he was unable to let go of the ship.  His eyes bulged out and his hair lit on fire as he screamed in agony.  Then his eyes popped out and his clothes caught fire and he began to burn to death.
     “ That should do it, bye would be assassin I hope Goarote liked you cause I didn’t,” said Pator snidely as he laughed and pressed the button to open the garbage bins.
     Then the pilot’s body fell off the ship and everyone just shook their heads and Veata said slyly,” Let’s hope that’s the last we see of him.”
     Then everyone laughed and went and sat back down on the couches.  As they broke thru the atmosphere Ohgood fixed a sandwich and said happily,” You’re first class in my book, Pator, I mean it it’s called the Ohgood and it comes out next week.”
                                                                           






     As they rode out into the center of the Coulez system the Renyvo worm hole could be seen pulsing red and green as bursts of fire exhaled out of it every few seconds.  There was a large black space station at the mouth of it that was filled with thousands of lighted windows.  The station was shaped like a traditional castle, but had an anti gravity green ring around the center that spun continuously.  There were 7 bubble shaped mini rest stops around the perimeter that carried all the amenities of home, each of which was owned by a different race like the Geens of the Goeps and catered to their specific needs.  There was also a river of glowing vapors and liquid that was in and about everything and was white and light blue in color.  There could be heard thunderous rock music coming from the station by the band,” Seeds of Death.”
     The band was fronted by an uncharismatic 402 pound orange skinned Goep named Them Fiction.  Them started the group after a bloody knife fight with a rival gang, with himself and 3 other survivors deciding to make music together.  After their wounds had healed they began writing the songs that would eventually sell more digital and holographic albums than anyone in history.  After reaching the top of the music world Them announced that he was a cannibal and confessed to over 50 beheadings.  He said in an interview,” I got hooked on baked Goeps’ head and couldn’t shake it.  I want to apologize to my fans I know I let you down, but if you’ll let me, I’ll keep rockin’ your world with my music.”  A 
week later Them was sentenced to 700 years in the Opelty mines where he had to smash boulders with a hammer made of iron for 15 hours a day with only one meal break.  In the first month of his time there he went from a mound of blubber to a mound of muscles and lost 100 pounds.
     “ What’s this here, Famaron?” asked Ratie as she gazed at the space station.
     “ It’s called simply Endad and it is not to be trifled with.  The worst of us live here and try to swindle unsuspecting passengers.  We’d be smart to not stop here for any reason,” said Famaron as he sipped a cup of yellow Demon vodka which tasted like a basket of fruit and packed a wallop.
     “ I’m afraid that’s not possible, Famaron, I’m sorry, but we have to charge up the fuel cell or we won’t make it all the way thru the Renyvo,” said Pator sadly as he grimaced at Famaron.
     “ That’s bad news, Pator, ah…boy I can’t tell you how hairy things could get inside there.  You have to remember the Knerk live in this area,” said Famaron nervously as he looked at Pator.
     The Knerk are a race of half robot half genetically engineered assassins for hire.  They have dark green skin and cherry red eyes, with both arms being robotic and their heads having a large computer hard drive sticking out the back.  Their chests had a thick bullet proof blue vest adhered to their skin.  They also had huge crooked and long noses with tiny crystals all over them.  They wore tan silk and cotton weave jackets and black leather pants as well as dark green leather boots with flasks of adrenaline on the sides of their boots.  They also carried Loutman dimension shifting sawed off shotguns that could thrust you into the 5th dimension if they hit you with a clean shot.  
     Then Pator went pale and said nervously,” Oh, that’s right…I had forgotten the Knerk.  This could be an epic disaster.  I should have charged up before we left.”
     Then Pator thought of the night 3 Knerk assassins crept into his chateau and murdered his brother Vilm while he slept.  Then they went looking for Pator, but he was hidden in the walls.  He had seen the gruesome murder of Vilm by daggers and flamethrowers.  His thoughts raced thru his head and then Ratie asked as she touched Pator’s arm,” Are you alright, Pator? You look pale.”
     Pator didn’t move for a few seconds then realized Ratie was touching him and said quickly,” What, ah yes I just needed a moment.”
     “ These Knerk are as vile and vicious as any creature I’ve seen.  And, they have those unbelievably powerful robotic arms.  We best get in and get out as quickly as we can with no fun and games,” said Solcrist sternly as he grabbed hold of his staff and let out a long sigh.
     “ Good point, we’ve got plenty of time for recreation later.  I think it best if I and Veata go inside and pay for the fuel,” said Famaron.
     “ Why Veata I mean no offense, but why not Pator or Solcrist there are best warriors?” asked Ratie as she looked at Famaron.
     “ No, Ratie, you are mistaken Veata had to earn her title and position in hand to hand combat in a ring of fire against 4 men.  Don’t kid yourself she’s the bravest of us all,” said Famaron boldly as he smiled at Veata.
     “ This is true, Ratie, you need not be concerned with my safety,” said Veata plainly as she pulled a small 3 foot black ivory staff from beneath her dress that was attached to her thigh and then said proudly,” And I have magic just in case.”
     “ We’re nearing the docking bay, you should head to the 8th floor at the end of the hall that’s the off load point,” said Saseap firmly as she pointed to a hologram of the 8th floor.  
     “ Done and done let’s go, Veata,” said Famaron as he started for the doors.
     Famaron and Veata hurried to the 8th floor while Pator steered the ship into a helmet shaped docking bay that had hundreds of smaller ships going out the opposite side of it after stocking up on goods.  The chateau cleared the roof, but only by 10 feet as it set down in the center with the 8th floor doors opening up to a large steel and gold triangular platform that led both directions into Endad and all its treachery.  There were 6 large ten foot high green round wooden sliding doors that were on either side of the platform, that had a heat sensor that opened them instantly.  There was also a pair of Knerks sitting on a red leather square couch in front of the facing wall watching a hologram of 3 naked dancing women.  There were 4 Geen working at a platinum desk with hovering chairs on either side taking the supply orders who were all wearing black jumpsuits and red tinted sunglasses with black frames.  The ceiling had a collection of used Momee dolls and used Coete bears.
     Momee dolls were latex covered full size dolls of ancient rulers and current ones with ridiculous expressions on their faces and dressed as bums.  They even made them smell of garbage. There was even one of Famaron wearing a black hole filled jacket and a white woman’s dress, with a look on his face like he’d been scared to pieces on his face.
     Coete bears were 2 foot tall furry recreations of Coete Bax the famous philosopher and humorist.  He had giant bulbous cheeks and huge wide purple eyes and a red round nose that children loved to look at and that was Coete’s actual appearance.
     “ Alright, Veata, I’ll let you handle the order,” said Famaron calmly as they walked onto the platform side by side.
     “ Why me?” asked Veata as she smirked.
     “ No it’s not that, there’s Geen taking the orders.  Needless to say we don’t get along.  Which is to say the Geen love to go out of their way to bother me,” said Famaron softly as he took pains not to look the Geen in the eyes.
     “ O.K. that’s…look at those 2 men on the couch,” said Veata nervously as she stopped in her tracks.
     “ Oh no Knerks, nothing is ever easy.  You place the order I’ll keep an eye on them,” said Famaron in disbelief as he clutched his staff tightly.
     “ O.K. I’ll be right back,” said Veata as she walked away.
     Veata went over to the Geen and sat down on a hovering chair and asked,” Excuse me, sir, is it possible to charge up my fuel cell on that large ship there?”
     The tall moss covered Geens turned and saw Veata and smiled and the thin one named Benrack said warmly,” Yes my lovely it will be taken care of immediately.  I’ll send a pair of my crew members right now.  Just a moment,” said Benrack as he sent a telepathic message to his crew and they began hooking up the charger.
     “ Thank you I appreciate that greatly,” said Veata warmly as she smiled.
     “ It is not much of a favor, will you require much more?” asked Benrack softly as he prepared to send another telepathic message.
     “ That was all I required.  Will the price of service be charged to our ship’s serial number?” asked Veata warmly.
     Meanwhile Famaron was watching the 2 Knerks out of the corner of his eye.  Then the Knerks noticed Veata and Slanoir said to Sevas,” Take a look at that pretty slab of meat over there, Sevas.”
     “ She looks limber, but I couldn’t be certain without a dry run,” said Sevas snidely as he grinned and ogled Veata.
     “ Don’t you mean wet run,” said Slanoir snidely then they burst out laughing.
     Famaron tried hard not to look over and pretended he hadn’t heard what they said.  Then Slanoir stood up and said coldly,” Let’s go see if she’s ready for 8 hours of pain and pleasure.”
     “ I’m all for that, she seems the type for both,” said Sevas slyly as he stood up and grabbed his crotch and glared at Veata’s butt.
     Then the 2 of them started walking towards Veata and Famaron saw this and instantly went to cut them off.  He walked up to them and smiled and asked brightly,” Hi there I’m Famaron, how are you today?”
     “ Excuse me, Famaron, but we are a bit busy right now.  So if you do mind I don’t’ care beat it!”
said Slanoir snidely as he glared at Famaron.
     “ Well it’s just I need to find a broker for a load of Qamo gold and I thought you could help,” said Famaron quickly as he kept his peripheral vision on their Loutmans on their hips.
     “ Look foolish infidel, I’ve got my mind on a different kind of load if you catch my inference.  So take your ignorant problems elsewhere got it!” yelled Slanoir as he glared at Famaron.  
     “ Sorry, sir, didn’t mean to make you angry…but this load of gold needs a buyer.  I HATE to bring it up again you leather faced miscreant,” said Famaron snidely as he grinned at Slanoir and watched him begin to get angry and then raised his staff and shouted,” Gourme cafidum!”
     “ Wait wizard!” shouted Sevas quickly as he stepped back and reached for his Loutman.
     Then in front of the Knerks appeared a dozen red and black 1 foot tall furry teddy bears with mini daggers in their hands.  Sevas saw this and began to laugh and Slanoir said condescendingly,” You’re not a wizard, you’re a worthless imbecile.  That’s the worst spell I’ve ever seen,” said Slanoir as he laughed hysterically and grabbed his knees.
     Then the 12 teddy bears began to stack themselves on top of one another.  And as they did they began to fuse together into a 9 foot tall black fur covered bear with a dragons head.  It had a pair of samurai blades in each hand and small puffs of fire came out of its mouth with each hulking breath.
     “ Have fun with your new friend boys.  He’s a real dink to Knerks with ugly faces so he’ll love you,” said Famaron snidely as he grinned and walked away.
     Then the Knerks looked at Famaron in shock then each other and they reached for their Loutmans, but as they did the beast jumped 20 feet in the air and landed on top of them.  Then the bear breathed a stream of fire into Slanoir’s face and burned his head to ashes.  Sevas was able to break free and raised his Loutman and fired it at the beast, but it only grazed its shoulder.  The bear turned to him and used its fire to fry the Loutman into a melted lump of metal and Sevas’s eyes grew wide and he reached down to 
his boot and grabbed a 15 inch dagger and 2 flasks of adrenaline, which he quickly drank and then said coldly,” Alright baby bear, let’s have a bit of dancing before the music stops.”  
     Then the bear snarled and began walking towards Sevas.  Meanwhile Famaron was at the counter with Veata and asked firmly,” Could we hurry this up there is a large amount of potential trouble?”
      Veata turned to him and asked,” What do you mean?”
     Then Famaron motioned with his hand and said happily,” That Knerk is taken care of, but there could be many more coming.”
     “ Oh,” said Veata then she turned to Benrack and asked,” How close are we to full?”
     Benrack checked the monitor and then said warmly,” Only 5 minutes and you will be on your way, my lovely.”
     “ We could be dead in 5 minutes,” said Famaron as he looked intently at Veata.
     “ What can we do about it?  We need every bit of that fuel or we won’t make it thru Renyvo?” asked Veata anxiously as she looked at Famaron then Benrack who shrugged his shoulders.
     “ Well I…look, Veata, there’s 2 more coming thru those doors,” said Famaron nervously as he looked at the right side doors opening.
     “ I’ve got an idea, watch this,” said Veata confidently then she walked out into the middle of the platform.
     Sevas meanwhile was fighting the bear hand to hand with his blade.  He saw the bear try to swipe at his head and he ducked and sank his dagger in its chest.  This caused a thick blue goo to ooze out and 
cover Sevas’s hand, but then the bear looked down at him and growled and in one quick bite took his head from his shoulders ending his life in an instant.
     Veata stared down the 2 Knerks and as they saw their 2 friends dead bodies they reached for their Loutmans, but Veata saw this and raised her staff and shouted,” Veminab torenius!”
     Then the largest Sarg Famaron had ever seen appeared towering 14 feet with yellow scaly skin.  It ran at the terrified Knerks and as they raised their Loutmans and fired it flew up into up above them.  Then it dropped straight down and put its right claw thru the skull of the Knerk on the left, but missed the other.  Then the Sarg pulled its claw out of his head and he fell helplessly to the platform with thick red blood billowing out of his dead brain.  The other Knerk aimed his Loutman and fired at the Sarg hitting it dead on and sending it instantly to the 5th dimension.
     “ Uh oh, now what?” asked Famaron as he kept his eyes on the Knerk’s Loutman.
     “ Don’t worry a bit, I’ve got it and he won’t get away,” said Veata smoothly as she raised her staff, but as she did the Knerk fired at her knocking her staff to the 5th dimension and Veata said nervously,” Maybe it’s your turn, Famaron.”
     Then as Famaron ran at an angle to the Knerk he raised his staff and shouted,” Darsplum be best!”
     Then a red bubble of dense used magic appeared around the Knerk and he began to change colors.  First it was blue then orange as he got smaller and smaller as he screamed out in agony.  Then he began to pulse in and out as his body was only 2 feet long.  Then it pulsed inward and in an explosion of green, red, and blue globlets his body was entirely consumed by the bubble.  Then the bubble turned quickly into sheets of brown paper until the platform was covered with them and Veata said slyly,” Must have been a reader.”
     “ Or a librarian, either way he missed his deadline.  Let’s get out of here before his family tree comes looking for its branches,” said Famaron sternly as he started over to the counter.
     They walked over and as they did Benrack smiled and said brightly,” Everything is as it should be.  Your fuel cell is halfway charged like you asked for.”
     “ What we wanted a full charge.  What good does half a fuel cell do us?” asked Veata angrily as she glared at Benrack.
     “ Well it wouldn’t have mattered anyway as we are out of fuel.  You can come back later, say tomorrow or get a room in the hotel.  It’s your choice,” said Benrack warmly then he turned and walked away.
     “ We are dead, we are now pristine death we should just buy a casket instead of a room,” said Famaron angrily as he paced back and forth.
     “ Ah, o.k. I say we get back in the ship and at the very least talk to Pator.  Maybe there’s someplace else we can fuel up or stay ‘til tomorrow,” said Veata as she started for the ship with Famaron right beside her.
     They hurried back into the ship and behind them a group of 6 Knerks came out onto the platform and saw the carnage.  One of them named Focasa looked up and saw Veata and Famaron hurrying onto their ship and Focasa said quickly,” It was them those 2 getting on that ship.  Let’s get our Damkids and go after them.”
     Damkids were a long sleek cross shaped fighter jet.  They were dark red and had silver laser canons on either side of the cockpit that could fire forward and back.  They also had tiny 4 foot long remote
controlled kamikaze planes packed with explosives attached to the wings.  They could be launched and flown right into an enemy ship and explode on contact.  The Damkids had 2 pilot’s seats with the second being directly under the other and being able to see thru a glass bubble on the bottom of the ship.
     As Famaron walked hurriedly into the captains deck he saw Ohgood lying on a cushion of air just above the floor and squinted and smirked as he was taken aback, but then said boldly,” We were only able to get half the fuel cell filled.”
     “ I see that, what happened?” asked Pator as he spun around in his chair.
     “ They ran out, but they said we could come back tomorrow,” said Famaron.
     “ And we ran into 4 Knerks,” said Veata as she stepped over Ohgood.
     “ Really, that’s not good.  Alright we’re lifting off we’ve got to get some distance from here,” said Pator sternly as he steered the ship back out of the hangar bay.
     “ Why leave now we haven’t…” said Ohgood before being cut off.
     “ Because the Knerks are circling the ship in their Damkids.  Battle stations everyone and hurry,” said Pator sternly as he steered out into space.
     Everyone went back to their gunners seats and instantly saw the Damkids aggressively fly around the ship.
     “ They’re not firing what do we do?” asked Ratie in a concerned tone as she watched the Damkids shadowing the ship.
     “ Just hold on a second maybe they’re just trying to scare us.  Leave ‘em be until they fire,” said Pator as he increased the thrusters and began to put 30 miles worth of space between the space station and them.
     “ Why are they just flying beside us.  It’s almost like they’re escorting us somewhere,” said Famaron in disbelief as he sighted his guns on one and waited.
     Then Pator looked forward and saw a Knerk Embathon robot.  It was 50 stories high and pure black in color, with red glowing eyes that sent out a crippling retinal bursting beam that would blind you if you looked directly into it.  It was shaped like a large fat man with seven rolls of mini robots around its belly known as Corebots that acted in unison at the captain’s command.  On its arms were Zorenk emitters which were a checkered green and purple smoke that could destroy any ship’s controls and circuits if you passed thru it.  There was also a large red machete attached to the belt around its left leg that had a massive destructive power when wielded.
     “ Alright, we’re in as deep as it gets.  I’ve heard of these robots they carry a crew of 10,000 and would tear this ship to pieces like you were slicing thru a piece of Gabnab soup,” said Famaron loudly then he threw up his hands in disgust.
     “ He’s right, we can’t fight them and win with force.  Our only hope is to try and work out a compromise with them.  And as I say that they’re hailing us.  I’ll try to barter a deal,” said Pator sadly then he pressed the message receiver and the Knerk general Plora Burkom appeared in a hologram in front of Pator.
     Plora was the same as all Knerks, but had a red streak in his hair and a thick blonde goatee.  He was 6’1” and 192 pounds with a small pot belly.  Plora looked over everyone and then said flatly,” Surrender!”
     Pator looked at Plora and then asked warmly,” Will you let us live?”
     “ I’ll think about it,” said Plora coldly as he bit the head off a Corcaci water red rat then its blood began to drip from his lower lip.
     “ We are but travelers why are you interested in us?” asked Famaron as he stepped forward.
     “ We have our reasons, I’m sending my gravitron tunnel from our ship to yours.  Grab your things and walk over swiftly.  Don’t think of trying my patience,” said Plora sternly as he ate.
     “ Alright, whatever you say, we’ll be right over,” said Pator sadly then he shut off the hologram and turned to Veata and asked,” What are our options?”
     “ That’s a good question I would say we must take over their ship,” said Veata flatly as she looked at Pator.
     “ How do we do that, there’s so many of them?” asked Ohgood anxiously as he walked over to Famaron.
     “ Magic, we’ve got 6 wizards here and that means if we got close to their leader, alls’ we’d have to do is capture him.  Then we could use him as ransom to convince the rest of his soldiers to lay down their arms,” said Solcrist smoothly then he pursed his lips and grinned.
     “ But what of their ship, if the soldiers lay down their arms what’s to stop them from picking them back up after we’ve left?” asked Famaron. 
     “ Oh I am disappointed, Famaron, it’s so simple.  We take their ship and set the bulk of their soldiers adrift in escape pods.  Let’s face it a ship like that would be incredibly valuable when we got back to Parscan,” said Solcrist then he grinned and patted himself on the back.
     “ O.K., Solcrist, that’s a good plan, but this Knerk general will be wise how do we dupe him?” asked Famaron intently as he smirked.
     Then Solcrist smiled and said simply,” We will come baring gifts, more specifically a long wooden case with all our staffs in it.  And when he opens it we’ll shout our fetching spells and the staffs will come to us,” said Solcrist then he danced around in a circle and laughed a goofy laugh.
     “ Brilliant, I’ll get the case,” said Saseap excitedly as she hurried out of the room.
     “ And all this time I thought your brain was yellow custard.  And Goarote sings us a miracle, huh,” said Famaron in disbelief as he smiled.
     Then in came Saseap with a long tan wood case that had carvings of Bornfre Diedso from one end to the other.   
     Bornfre Diedso was a legendary Mormach general and musician.  The Mormach were a race of people who possessed incredible natural magic and could shape shift, as well as pass thru different dimensions without casting a spell.  They lived on a moon sized planet of Mastick in the far end of the Coulez system.  Bornfre was their most famous and most powerful wizard.  He was the first to turn his body into words on pages of a book that when read correctly caused him to reappear.  He was also able to 
become a ball of fire and slide into an open flame and disappear.  Bornfre was 5’6” 142 pounds, but had an extraordinary natural strength and could lift over 1500 pounds over his head.  His hair was green in color and long with 8 rows of figurines tied into it.  He had black and yellow gargoyle patterned eyes and a long skinny nose with a large square tip.  His head was far too large for his body as were his hands and feet as he wore a size 16 boot.
     “ Here, this case will hold them all and it looks lavish enough to be thought of as a gift,” said Saseap as she walked over and set the case down on the couch.
     “ That’s perfect let’s put in the staffs then head for the tunnel.  Which reminds me where is this tunnel exactly?” asked Famaron then he began looking at all of the holograms.
     “ It’s here on the 7th floor by the left exit,” said Pator as he pointed to the tunnel outside the ship.
     “ Easy enough, alright we need to mentally prepare ourselves these Knerks are cruel and ruthless,” said Famaron sternly as he put his staff into the case.
     Everyone else put in their staffs and then Veata closed the case and smiled and said sarcastically,” It’s only our lives why worry?”
     Everyone smiled and then they made for the 7th floor.  They went down in the elevator which had its walls covered in red satin with Pator’s visage sewn onto them.  The doors opened and they saw an oval shaped hallway that significantly bowed inward.  It had several people shaped black leather and green silk covered chairs along the sides.  There were Mytime robots in between the chairs.
     Mytime robots were mini robot animals like dragons and Corvubs.  They were named after Mytime Locint, a famous artist who loved creating lifelike robots that took you a few seconds to realize they 
were fake.  Mytime also penned the phrase,” If all my time was spent on what I love, then I died in my sleep long ago cause this heaven” 
     The walls of the hall had hundreds of various and unique clocks from all over the galaxy that Saseap had collected.  One was shaped to look like a mirror, but when you got close it morphed into a clock face.  The floor was covered in a rich dark brown mahogany with tiny carvings of Pastor throughout his life.  The ceiling had a swirling vortex of fire and clouds that was caused by an ancient spell Saseap had cast for fun.  At the end of the hall there was a triangular spinning door that would stop moving when you approached.
     They hurried down the hall with Famaron carrying the case.  As they walked they saw the door at the end of the hall stop spinning and a Knerk open the door and step out.  Famaron saw the Knerk and he felt a rush of adrenaline.  He knew that fate is only a word if there isn’t action.  He kept his mind on happy thoughts of his deceased wife’s favorite birthday.  The one where he asked her to marry him and she said yes, but that she wondered if he was ready to be a father cause she was pregnant.  The memory kept him where he needed to be, but soon his thought turned to her death and was visibly shaken.  As they got closer to the Knerk they saw he had a Loutman in his right hand and Ratie said calmly,” He’s packin’ some serious firepower.  This may be a trap.”
     “ I’m ready for him,” said Famaron sternly as he unfastened the lock on the case and watched the Loutman intently.
     “ If any more of them come out of the tunnel I say we take our chances in battle,” said Ohgood as he kept a soft look on his face.
     “ Agreed, I’d rather go down fighting,” said Veata sternly as she gave Famaron a nod.
     “ Agreed,” said Famaron.
     The Knerks name was named Past Awin and he walked up to Famaron and asked sternly,” Wait, ah second, what’s this case for?”
     “ It’s a present for your leader,” said Famaron as he grinned.
     “ Let me see it, c’mon now give it here,” said Past sternly as he grabbed the case and then he opened it and saw the staffs and said snidely,” Wooden sticks what a useless gift.  Plora will get a hearty laugh when you give him these, peasant.”
     “ It’s Famaron, and those are rare staffs from all over the galaxy a very apt gift,” said Famaron quickly as he took back the case.
     “ I says sticks, now follow me, peasant,” said Past snidely then he walked into the gravitron tunnel.
     The red walls of the tunnel had dozens of people’s faces floating around as their souls were lost to a place between the afterlife and reality.
     “ You know this isn’t creepy at all, I love it,” said Ratie sarcastically as she looked at the floating faces.
     “ It isn’t I agree, I only wish I could come back again and again,” said Ohgood jokingly as he reached out and touched one of the faces.
     “ Focus everyone, we’re going to meet a great man.  Be ready and be thus kind,” said Famaron warmly as he winked at Ohgood and nodded to Past.
     As they came to the end of the tunnel they saw into the Knerks ship and there was 12 rows of Knerks on opposite sides of the walkway leading up a brief gradual staircase to a black throne with Plora sitting 
on it.  The steel floor was covered with a black and gold carpet that had all the teachings of Praptu Slisk, including his 5 sayings of pride and knowing that were as follows.   
1.If a misstep taken god laid the brick.
2.If a vengeance sought, only a loss of character achieved.
3.When the mine runs dry a pure heart will dig asunder.
4.While the tepid heart sings too many notes, the passions of men bring war.
5.If my father be killed by pride, I his son won’t die from a loss of dreams.
     Praptu spent all 121 years of his life writing 200 books and only speaking with his wife and twelve sons.  With every successful new book he built another 50 yards of house until his house stretched 6 miles into the Muvra jungle.  He also genetically engineered his last 3 children to have the strength and speed of a wild Corvub and the height of a one story hut.
     “ O.K. keep quick behind me, Plora doesn’t like to wait.  Oh and don’t forget the sticks he’ll be thrilled,” said Past sarcastically as he laughed like a wild boar.
     They walked up the steps and Veata looked at the stuffed people of every race the Knerks had conquered hanging from red ropes all along the slanted outward wall and said as she tried not to vomit,” This ship is an unspeakable horror and these Knerks are atrocious.  Let’s not waver in our mission here.”
     “ We won’t, just let Famaron handle it,” said Solcrist as he looked at the stuffed people and cringed.
     Then Past walked up to Plora and whispered,” These fools have the most ridiculous gift I’ve ever seen.  I told you they were fools”
     Then Plora smiled and said,” I here there is a gift, bring it here I can’t wait.”
     “ Of course,” said Famaron warmly then he walked up to Plora and handed him the case and kneeled before him.
     “ Let me see this amazing treasure.  I hope I am not blinded by its brilliance,” said Plora sarcastically as he unlocked the case and then opened it and said loudly,” sticks, we are not building a fire you child.  How dare you even bring these effronteries before me.  I should have you killed for this alone.”
     “ I see it the other way around,” said Famaron boldly and then he shouted,” Bracheth tracketh!” as did everyone else.
     Then the staffs lifted out of the case inside blue flames and shot right for their owners with Ratie grabbing hers first and then shouting,” Gudlow while righteous!”
     Then a Emyep appeared in front of Plora with a lightning sword.
     Emyeps were 7 foot tall cat like creatures only with large muscular arms and a row of spikes around their necks.  They had black fur and glowing green eyes as well as long sharp talons.
     The lightning sword had thunderbolts shooting back and forth inside a sword shaped plasma case.
     “ What is this treachery?!” shouted Plora as he stared down the Emyep.
     “ Grab hold of him Emyep and wait for my orders!” said Famaron sternly as he pointed to Plora.
     The Emyep leapt forward and grabbed Plora in one quick motion and put its lightning sword to his neck.  The other Knerks gasped in horror and reached for their Loutmans, but Famaron shouted as he raised his staff,” Endog my staying!”
     Then a 2 foot thick see thru blue glass 10 foot wall surrounded Famaron, Past, Plora, Ratie, Solcrist, Ohgood, Veata, Saseap, and Pator.  The Knerks fired their Loutmans into the wall, but the shots were easily absorbed and did no damage.
     “ Listen!  Your precious leader will die a savage death unless you do what I say!  You will leave this ship in the escape pods and never look back or my magic will destroy you all!” thundered Famaron as he glared at the Knerks.
     “ Prove it, you are but one wizard we are many warriors,” said Past fiercely as he slowly griped  his Loutman.
     “ Oyyum veatit!” shouted Veata as she raised her staff.
     Then Past raised his Loutman to shoot Famaron, but as he did his body burst into thousands of green and red marbles of marble and rolled down the steps.  The other Knerks instantly lowered their weapons and headed for the escape pods without saying a word.
     “ What of me, will you spare this old father of 10 his twilight?” asked Plora timidly as he grimaced.
     “ We don’t care what happens to you just as long as you get off this ship when we say alright?” said Solcrist implying a question as he lifted Plora’s chin with his staff.
     “ Of course, thank you for the supreme kindness,” said Plora nervously as he grimaced at Solcrist.
     Then within 20 minutes almost all of the Knerks had jettisoned in the escape pods and had collected a mile away from the ship.  Then the last of them took off leaving only Plora who was standing outside the final escape pod.
     “ Alright, sciombog, find your way out of my sight and out of my space.  If we see you again you will end up meeting a horrible end I assure you.  So get in that escape pod and don’t look back,” said Famaron sternly then he gave Plora a firm shove.
      Sciombogs were a race of liars and treacherous thieves from the planet of Scionuit that would literally eat an enemies excrement to show they had no power over them.  They also were in the habit of killing their friends if they felt they were asking too many personal questions.  Their leader Omathy Deathor had 200,000 of his people killed in retribution for his wife being waved at while swimming.
     “ I’ll go, but that insult was not necessary.  I am not so low as that,” said Plora softly as he entered the silver egg shaped escape pod that was inside a huge thruster in a row of 100,000 escape pods that covered an entire wall.
     “ Don’t go away slighted, just go away,” said Ohgood slyly as he grinned.
     Then Plora rocketed out of the ship and out into space where he was met by 10 of his soldiers in their escape pods.
     “ Alright then, now we just have to figure out how to pilot this ship and we can head for Parscan,” said Famaron brightly as he grinned.
     “ All ships have simple controls if you don’t have a simple mind.  Let’s look around,” said Pator as he looked down the wall of empty spaces where the pods had been and sighed.
     Everyone began searching the ship for the bridge.  The inside of the ship had a series of large rooms mostly filled with living quarters, but with no beds as the Knerks slept standing up against the wall.  The 
center of the ship was 200 feet long and had 20 foot high ceilings.  It had a large Omagic pool around the outside of the room.
     Omagic pools were filled with a high density mix of water and pain relievers that once you got in washed over your body and made you pain free and gave you a worry free mindset.  Omagic was the famous Knerk scientist who pioneered the use of creating viruses to fight off more deadly ones.  He also came up with a way to insert synthetic eye lenses that gave you 20/1 vision, as well as a wider range of colors.  He forced himself into seclusion when the military stole one of his creations he intended for healing the sick and used it as a powerful weapon.  Before he did he created a dense red smoke that could penetrate even steel that he put around his house that could kill anyone or anything that inhaled it called Pamitle.  He told them to never bother him again or he’d pump millions of pounds of the Pamitle into the air and kill them all.
     Inside the pool in the middle of the room there was the bridge with 5 holographic monitors and keypads arranged around a dozen large black cushioned recliners.  There was also a statue of Goarote cast as a Knerk in the center of the recliners.  The floor was covered in a brown leathery carpet that stretched over every inch of the bridge.  There were uncontained bubbles of electricity being strewn from a pipe at the edge of the pool.
     Goarote was depicted in the statue as having a large bulbous head that had blue lasers coming out of it that shown up to the ceiling.  There were 4 large black square steel doors with each at the center of all 4 walls that had Plora’s face melted onto them in platinum.  The ceiling had a painting of Plora’s weapons collection with him floating above them in a white robe.
     Ohgood walked thru one of the steel doors and saw the holograms in the center of the pool and yelled,” I’ve found it it’s in the center of the ship!”
     Then Ratie and Solcrist heard this and yelled to Famaron and the rest,” It’s in the center of the ship come quick!”
     Within a few minutes everyone made their way to the bridge and went across the walkway to the control room.
     “ It looks like it’s pretty standard controls.  I could fly this very easily,” said Ohgood proudly as he smiled and sat in one of the recliners.
     “ Really, that’s good news,” said Saseap as she walked over and sat down beside Ohgood.
     “ So what’s our plan we can’t all take the same ship?” asked Famaron as he looked at a hologram of the outside of the ship.
     “ Well Saseap and I could fly my ship alone, but I’d feel more comfortable if we had someone else to come with us,” said Pator.
     “ I will go with you,” Pator, if no one minds,” said Veata as she raised her left eyebrow and pursed her lips.
     “ Fine by me,” said Solcrist as he shrugged.
     Ratie and Ohgood nodded and then Famaron said plainly,” Then it’s settled, but what isn’t settled is how we’re going to charge up your fuel cell.”
     Well now that the Knerks are scattered out into space we could possibly stay right in our ships or even get a hotel room in the space station,” said Pator calmly.
     “ He’s right all’s we’d have to do is find a way to lock the Knerks ship without locking ourselves out,” said Ratie.
     “ Ah…I never thought of that, boy that would have been an embarrassing error to lock ourselves out.  That aside I don’t feel comfortable sleeping in this ship, don’t ask why so it’s the space station or even a trip to Goep,” said Famaron warmly.
     “ The station,” said Ratie, Ohgood, and Veata in unison.
     “ O.K. o.k. let’s dock and be done with it,” said Famaron quickly as he grinned.
                                             




     Oreo Sutkus was the last man to see Goarote alive over 40 years ago.  He said of the experience, which left him partially blind, I knew only of beauty as a word ‘til that day, now it is all I’ve ever know.  Oreo was walking in the Forgotten forest on Parscan when it happened.  He came into an opening in the thicket where there was only a small Coi pond and Goarote sitting on air.  He knew instantly who it was and said his name, Goarote.
     When Goarote heard this he turned to face him and in an instant every image from everything that existed on Parscan and in the universe shot into his eyes for a brief minute.  When it stopped Goarote was hovering above the ground and said to Oreo,” You gave me a smile once when the burden of my calling was pushing me to loneliness, for that I give you sight and a knowledge no man has conquered.  You will be a man of many secrets ‘til you pass as all the answers you now possess.  I only ask that again someday when I am weak you grant me that same smile.
     In the years that followed his visit with Goarote he could often be seen laughing hysterically when he was sitting alone in the town square.  Other times he would walk away mid sentence with no explanation.
     After they had docked the 2 ships everyone went into the huge center portion of the space station.  inside there was a vast dry water pool, known as a Gorvum, that you could swim in without getting wet as the Sorbla water had a special oil that wouldn’t allow it to stay on skin or clothes.  The pool was in the walls and in and around several stores, restaurants, statues and a St Pailorm games room.
     St. Pailorm was a game that involved finding the assassin of a player.  At the start everyone would secretly find out their role in the game then have a seat in a back room by themselves.  The assassin would go out into the large restaurant and decide which robot he wanted to kill and then decide which set of clues he wanted to leave for the other players.  Then he would kill the robot by one of many types of death like by Mutters, dagger, poison or even choking.  Then do the deed and hurry back into the private stalls and press the begin button and everyone would come out and begin solving the crime.  The first person to correctly enter their guess would win 1500 Ayasors, but if you got it wrong you got shocked with an Abbo spell which would make your entire body ache and turn blue for an hour.  And the winner would also get a chance to solve a Orncap lock puzzle, which was a lock that would only open if a set of 50 pieces were arranged a certain way.  If you did this the door to a vast treasure would open that was too large for one person to carry.
     The store front s had all the faces of great leaders of the past that covered the entrance in the form of holograms and they were each covered in different colored vines and moss from purple to green and red.
     “ Well, if we’re up for cheap entertainment this is the place,” said Ohgood as he looked around and smiled.
     “ I feel cheap already, let’s entertain ourselves,” said Famaron slyly as he grabbed a digital menu out of an air jet that was filled with them and then said softly,” Well…there’s a group called the Fretless fish, more guitars that might be good.  Or there’s an acting troop called Again with Feeling that’s at Cormaip’s restaurant.”
      “ No more acting troops we made that mistake before,” said Ratie quickly as she looked at a statue of Famaron and laughed to herself and then looked at Famaron and nodded yes.
      “ Yeah, I don’t need another downer.  It’s got to be fun or it’s not worth it,” said Ohgood defiantly as he walked past a plasma stream of synthetic Pucker fish.
     Pucker fish were a half fish half tiger fish that had orange and yellow fur instead of scales.  They had a shiny silver tail and fin on top of their flat faces.  They had dark purple meat that people swore got rid of their worries and hunger for 24 hours straight.
     “ There’s always a dinner and a movie wait, there’s this game called St. Pailorm it says it takes a genius to solve a simple man’s mystery.  Be the one who bests the rest and wins the 1500 Ayasors.  Then take a chance at the grand prize and try to open the Orncap lock, it’s easy, but you’d be the first,” said Famaron softly as he read the menu.
     “ Sounds enchanting, I love the thrill of victory,” said Solcrist as he grabbed a steak tip from a person’s plate who was looking the other way.
     “ He’s right it’s be something for all of us to enjoy and there’s a chance at the grand prize.  I’m all for it, sign me up,” said Veata as she danced around a laser pole and grinned.
    “ You don’t have to sell me it was my idea in the first place, let’s do it,” said Famaron slyly as he grinned. 
     Then they walked over to the St. Pailorm game room and in thru an open mouth and red long tongue shaped carpet.  Inside there were 2 areas set up for the mystery.  There was a living room that had 6 leather red, brown, and blue couches that each had a statue of Orpaa as the armrests.
     Orpaa was the Vormanian soldier who wrote a book called,” The depths of the living world,” that detailed every moment of triumph and embarrassment that a person could possible experience.  Like when you’re caught laughing at something that isn’t funny or the thrill of getting away with a theft of something valuable.  He also coined the phrase,” My life passed as I cried over a missing piece of pie, but at least it’s over,”  Orpaa went awol from the Vormanian army and changed his appearance and his name and was never heard from again.
     In front of the couches there were oval shaped and pie shaped tables filled with 8 courses of that nights dinner.  There were also bottles of Ence wine on the tables encased in a sprayed on thin layer of ice to keep them chilled.  In the center of the room there was a collection of antique guns as well as rare suits of armor with one being the first invisibility suit that cloaked a person completely.  There was also a pair of fountains pumping red Sorbla water and a gentle breeze of wild Dursanthia flowers scent.  The floor was filled with silver, gold, and diamond plaques of all the winners names and faces, with the number of people they fooled with a fake guess, also written on the bottom were the words,” The other winner was a loser from Goep,” in red letters.
     The other room was a video arcade with 2 dozen well liked games from all over the galaxy like “The Trash Thieves,” and,” Ornament Jones,” which was a levitation game where they strapped you in and 
you flew thru a holographic maze shooting targets as you went.  The games were arranged in a circle with a 5 person black chair in the center that had a snack bar and television built into it.  The show on the set was Pornapuddy, a live action comedy about a master of disguise who fends off criminals while raising a friend who had died, family of 6 boys. 
     A 5’10” thin man in a black blue tux with a dark brown Mohawk named Segnfun walked up to Famaron and said warmly,” Please read the games instructions on this wall here and then I’ll show you to the starting point.”
     “ Great, if I can still read,” said Ohgood sarcastically as he smirked and then began to read.
     Everyone took a couple of minutes and read the instructions and then Veata said brightly,” We are done reading it, now we are ready to play.”
     “ Follow me,” said Segnfun quickly then he darted to the left and over to a line of 12 doors and then said happily,” Choose a room and read the envelope inside then the game will start for someone.”
     “ That sounds like a line my ex husband would use, but not as sincere,” said Veata as she opened a door.
     “ Remember I have a habit of winning don’t hold it against me,” said Famaron smoothly with a cocky smile as he walked into his stall.
     “ If you win, trust me I’ll hold it against you,” said Ratie as she went into her stall and sat down on her red loveseat and then picked up her envelope and tore it open and it read,” You are the assassin, wait 2 minutes then press the red button and you will be lowered down thru the floor.  Then you will go up the 
stairs and choose a robot victim and a weapon to kill them with.  Be wise and be crafty and you will be the winner,” and then Ratie said to herself,” I can’t believe it, what goofy luck.”
     In Solcrist’s stall he opened his envelope and read,” You are safe, you are not the assassin, but it’s your job not to let anyone know and be the first to find the real killer.  When you figure out who it is press the blue button on your joystick and an official will come to you and take your request, but if you guess wrong the consequences will be dire and a fate of pain and blue skin will be yours.  Be swift be perfect be victorious,” and then Solcrist mumbled,” Be wise Solcrist, be wise.”
     Everyone else read their messages and waited for the game to start.  Ohgood tried to open his door, but it was locked and he smiled at this.  Meanwhile Ratie reached out and pressed the red button and suddenly was lowered into a secret passageway that had flaming torches lining a 30 foot long hallway.  It had a picture of all the previous winners on the walls, with a brown mangled leather in between.  The floor had a thick white carpet that went to the end and also covered the steps of a spiral staircase that led to the living room.
     Ratie walked down the hall and looked at the pictures and said happily,” This is so cool, I can’t believe it I may actually win something, Oh my Goarote what heaven.”
     Then she walked up the spiral staircase and came to a round hatch and when she reached for it, it opened right in the middle of one of the couches.  She climbed up out and saw 2 dozen robots all over the room pretending to be unaware of her.  Some were drinking wine, others telling jokes.  As Ratie stood there Segnfun walked up to her and said,” O.K., dear, your weapons are over there and you can kill any of these robots you want.  Don’t worry about your friends hearing as the stalls are soundproof.  Once you’ve done the deed plant 3 clues from this box that aren’t obvious, but might not lead to you.  
Then climb back down the stairs and go back to your stall.  Now the key to you winning is to be totally natural and don’t let on that you’re the assassin or your game is cooked.  Do you have any questions?” asked Segnfun warmly as he grinned from ear to ear.
     “ Can I kill you?” asked Ratie sarcastically as she smirked.
     “ That’s not funny and no you can’t I owe money all over the station, but that’s not the point enjoy the game, bye,” said Segnfun in an angry voice then he walked away with his nose in the air.
     Ratie looked around at the weapons on a large silver tray in front of her and grabbed a Mutters and said slyly,” I am gonna blow one of you away.  Let’s face it I’m badass and you’re meat.”
     Then Ratie started to walk in and amongst the robots looking for a victim.  She walked past an elderly looking robot who gave her a snotty look and she stopped and nodded then smiled and said snidely,” Grandma needs a shave.”
     Then she slowly turned and walked up to her and tapped her on the shoulder and slapped her face.  The female robot was stunned, but jumped up and said in disgust,” How dare you, you little wench?  I outta knock your block off!”
     “ Watch it, grandma, I don’t like your tone,” said Ratie sternly as she gripped the Mutters and grinned.
     “ You insufferable child, you’ve worn out your welcome with me.  So take this,” said the robot fiercely then she grabbed a hot buttered roll and beaned Ratie right in the eye.
     Ratie glared at her and said coldly,” You’ve buttered your last roll, granny!”
     Then Ratie raised the Mutters and shot the female robot in the chest and blew her wide open.  The robot staggered backwards as flames came out of her chest and she said softly,” You’re the worst of it, young lady, a real rat dropping connoisseur.  Your day will come and a fiery death you’ll receive.”
     “ Or not, kiss the sky for me,” said Ratie snidely then she shot her in the head and the robots parts went flying everywhere.
     The robot fell to the floor and stopped moving and Segnfun rushed over and said happily,” That was beautiful, now put your weapon back with the others and hurry back thru the tunnel.  Remember, don’t let them catch on be surprised when you see the dead robot o.k.”
     “ Got it, surprise is a constant thing in my family.  Surprise hunny I’m pregnant, surprise dear I’m cheating on you and now surprise I’ve taken over the world.  Ya see I’ve got years worth of well placed surprise,” said Ratie quickly then she puckered her lips and raised an eyebrow.
     “ Great, I’m so happy for you.  Now off you go,” said Segnfun awkwardly as he forced a grin.
     Ratie walked away and gave Segnfun a wave.  Then she went down the stairs in the couch and back thru the secret passageway.  She got into her chair and was lifted back up to her stall.  Then she took a deep breath and pressed the button to start the mystery.  The doors flung open and everyone got up and went out into the room.
     “ Smells like a burnt Baatold hide in here.  Whoa it hurts the nostrils and makes my back ache,” said Ohgood as he grimaced and covered his nose.
     “ Smells like a wild night in Troitsa to me,” said Famaron proudly as he walked over towards the living room.
     “ Hey look the body’s over here,” said Veata as she hurried over to the dead robot.
     “ Looks messy that rules out Famaron, so it was you, Ratie,” said Solcrist jokingly as he pursed his lips.
     “ What, oh yeah of course it was that’s a laugh.  I think it was the first one to lay blame old, Solcrist,” said Ratie as she grinned.
     “ Maybe, but you’ll have to catch me and that will be dire if you’re wrong,” said Solcrist smoothly as he stroked his chin.
     “ There’s a clue here,” said Pator as he picked up the Mutters and examined it and then said confidently,” It appears it was fired twice, see I can tell by the warmth of the barrel,” said Pator as he gripped the barrel firmly.
     “ Two shots, that implies malice.  Who would take such joy in an act of murder?” asked Saseap as she looked at Ohgood and raised her eyebrow.
     “ Alright, well that counts Ratie out she wouldn’t hurt a fly, but it had to be one of us so who?” asked Famaron as he looked at each person.
     “ Here’s another clue,” said Ohgood as he picked up a pink pair of gloves with laser burns on them.
     “ Pink gloves implying a female, I think that’s a false one to get us going for the wrong person.  No I think I’ve got a good idea who it wa…” said Pator sternly then he saw 3 Knerks come into the room and said boldly,” Vile Knerks are here, look!” 
     Everyone turned and saw them and Famaron ran over and grabbed the Mutters and aimed at the red haired Knerk and shouted,” Stop right there or you’re waste!”
     The Knerks looked at him then dove behind a couch and pulled their Loutmans.  Then Pator said sternly,” Take cover!”
     Everyone ducked behind a couch or statue except for Famaron who ran right at where the Knerks were hiding with his gun raised.  As he drew close the red haired one stood up to see where everyone was and Famaron shot and blew the top of his head clean off.  He fell to the ground and died, but then the other 2 rose up with Loutmans drawn and Famaron fired at one clipping their shoulder sending a chunk of flesh and green blood flying.  The other one fired at Famaron grazing his neck, but Famaron did a flip as it did and darted behind the Ornament Jones game.
     Then the Knerk continued to fire the Loutman at the game, but couldn’t hit it head on.  Then he did and it disappeared, but Famaron was standing straight up behind it with his Mutters aimed right at the Knerk and blasted him right between the eyes causing his head to explode like a smashed pumpkin.
     “ There’s still one left, Famaron, behind the couch!” shouted Veata as she kept her yes on where the Knerk was.
     “ Don’t worry, he’s only a memory in the seconds to come,” said Famaron coldly as he began to walk towards the couch.
     Then as he peeked over the edge he saw a pool of green blood and a trail of it out into the hotel and said snidely,” Getting some exercise,” and then he looked around and saw the trail leading towards the hangar bay and turned and shouted,” The game’s over we’ve got to get to the ships!”
     Then everyone jumped up and ran over to Famaron and Pator said calmly,” We locked both ships so they should be fine, Famaron.”
     “ They might try to boobey trap them or just blow them up to spite us.  Either way we’ve got to find out what they’re planning.  Let’s hurry!” said Famaron sternly as he walked towards the hangar bay with everyone with him. 
     They got there and saw the wounded Knerk lying on his back with his Loutman at his side.  When he looked up at everyone he said coldly,” I won’t make it, but neither will you.  My friends are on their way.      You’ve been warned, children.”
     Then Famaron shot the Knerk in the chest sending his guts and blood everywhere and then said,” We can’t stay here.”
     “ We still need the fuel cell charged.  We can’t go without it,” said Saseap as she looked at Famaron.
     “ Well, then we’ve got to ask them if they’re ready to charge us ‘cause a certain death is on its way,” said Famaron then he walked over to the counter and asked,” Excuse me, is there any way of us getting our fuel tonight, we’ll pay double?”
     “ Double…yes I can fill it immediately for you.  You are lucky our fuel ship just arrived and we are filled up enough for your ship, but remember it’s double my friends,” said Benrack as he looked at Veata and Famaron.
     “ Of course anything to get us out of here fast.  Now let’s board the ships and prepare to leave,” said Famaron.
     “ You ain’t kiddin bye, sir, and thank you,” said Veata happily as she walked away.
     “ Double,” said Benrack.
     Everyone boarded the 2 ships and after a few minutes saw the fuel cell was full and began to leave.  As they left the hangar bay they saw 6 Deven Knerk fighters directly in front of them.
     The Deven was shaped like a king cobra standing straight up, with 2 separate cockpits with one controlling the armaments.  The ship had powerful artificial lightning black canons that shot a powerful lightning bolt that could do massive damage to an enemy ship.  The ships themselves were red with black diamonds all over them.  They also had a long retractable steel fiery whip that would wrap around a ship and begin to crush it.
     “ What in Goarote’s name are those?”asked Famaron in disbelief as he reached for the weapons joystick. 
     “ One guess,” said Ohgood.
     “ Knerks alright then let’s try out the weapons on this darling,” said Famaron as he launched the Corebots and the Zorenk emitters sent out a thick green and purple checkered smoke and then said wryly,” This’ll be fun, just wait and see, Ratie.”
     “ I can’t wait, we’ll see how they like their own medicine,” said Ratie smoothly as she smiled and stuck out her tongue.
     The Knerks saw the Corebots and smoke coming their way and 4 of them shot off in different directions, but the other 2 panicked and froze up.  The first of which tried to shoot the Corebots, but they were too fast and Famaron steered them right around his laser and into his ship.  Then the Corebots began firing their powerful lasers into the hull of the ship and in moments the ship imploded onto itself and blew the crew to pieces.  The other Knerk ship got hit by the Zorenk smoke and every 
control panel and circuit burst into flames.  Within seconds the whole crew was suffocating on the smoke and burning alive.
     The 4 Knerk ships that scattered rode beyond the smoke and then doubled back.  Famaron saw this and said loudly,” Oh you want a fight, then a death you’ll have.  Watch this, Ohgood!” 
     Then Famaron swung the giant machete and sliced clean thru 2 of the ships destroying one and crippling the other.  The other 2 ships fired their lightning bolts at Famaron’s ship and shattered the arm not holding the machete and Ratie got thrown to the floor by the explosion and Ohgood yelled,” Are you alright, Ratie?!”
     “ I’m fine just minor injuries,” said Ratie as she rubbed her thigh and back.
     “ They wanna play, we’re goin’ vicious,” said Famaron coldly then he shot another burst of smoke from the Zorenk and steered the Corebots after the remaining ships.  
     Then he began swirling his machete at the Devens, but they swirled and spun around the red blade.  Then one of the Corebots latched onto one of the Devens and Famaron made it plant a large explosive and then detach.  As the Corebot rode away the Knerk saw on his sensors that there was a bomb and jettisoned that part of the ship which was his escape pod.  The escape pod drifted in space for a few seconds then was blown to pieces in a vacuum explosion which left only a pebble.
     “ Got you, you son of Lanskip whoowe!” yelled Famaron excitedly as he pumped his fist.
     The last Knerk ship raced past Pator’s ship and as he did Saseap locked on her laser canon and began peppering the Deven with shot after shot until the pilot launched the escape pod.  But Saseap saw this and said sternly,” Oh no you don’t you come to play quitters lose.”
     Then she blasted his escape pod and it exploded into a large blue flame and left only small pieces of debris.
     “ Way to go, gorgeous!” said Pator boldly as he rubbed her shoulders.
     “ Thank you, but let’s face it he never had a chance,” said Saseap confidently as she turned and then kissed Pator passionately.
     “ That was magnificent, I’ll see how Famaron and the rest are doing,” said Veata then she brought up the holographic projection of Famaron, Ratie, and Ohgood and asked,” Are you all o.k.?”
     “ We are livin’ perfect, how about you?”asked Famaron slyly as he smiled at Saseap.
     “ We’re dinning on ashes, I think we should head for the Renyvo and leave this tragedy behind,” said Pator smoothly as he steered his ship towards the Renyvo.
     “ You don’t have to tell me twice.  We’ll follow you from the top,” said Famaron then he flew his ship up above Pator’s.
     Solcrist went and took a nap while Famaron, Ratie, and Ohgood stayed on the bridge.  Then they flew over to the Renyvo and as they rode in the lights inside the 2 ships began to release an orange and yellow swirling smoke and liquid and Ohgood asked,” Is that supposed to happen?”    
     “ It doesn’t matter now…,but yes young, Ohgood, trust me we’ll be fine,” said Famaron calmly as he sat back and stared at the triangular worm hole. 
     It had billions of tiny and large Emebe bears and their castles all over the walls of the worm hole.  Emebe bears were 10 inch green furry bear like creatures as far as their bodies, but they had a head like a pair of binoculars, with large round warm blue eyes and white fur around them.  They also had a thick white mustache that hanged down to their chests.  Their mouths were wide and smiling, with no visible teeth.
     “ What in the sex are those?” asked Ohgood honestly as he looked at the Emebe bears civilization of red castles and bridges.
     “ Those are Emebe bears, they have a shallow lung capacity so they love it in here with the dense atmosphere.  I had one as a child they’re absolutely hilarious to be around, because they constantly eat any food anywhere near them and have a laughing disorder which causes them to laugh uncontrollably if anyone touched them,” said Famaron as he remembered his Emebe named LIckorus and his childhood.
     “ I’ve never seen you like this, does it mean you actually have a heart beneath your steel chest?” asked Ratie as she wondered why she hadn’t seen him so happy.
     “ No Goarote no, I’m cast iron to the core, but I still remember when I did all those centuries ago,” said Famaron jokingly as he smiled and then gave Ratie’s shoulder a shake.
     Ohgood looked at the Emebe’s and thought of his pet Ormu Pesi  B. Banli and how much he missed her and then said softly,” Those Emebe’s look like fun.  It’s too bad we can’t stop and grab one to take home.”
     Then Famaron looked at how sad Ohgood was and knew he had to do something and said happily,” Well, just hold on a second, Ohgood, I’ve got an idea.”
     Then Famaron used the ships machete and gently swung it over to the Emebe’s and scooped 2 of them up on the blade.  Then he carefully moved the blade over to an exterior door and opened the door and dropped in the Emebe’s and Ohgood said excitedly,” That was amazing!”
     “ You’d better go get them before they get into trouble,” said Famaron as he grinned.
     “ I’ll race ya,” said Ratie boldly then she ran to the door.
     “ Wait, I wasn’t ready,” said Ohgood quickly then he ran after Ratie thru the door and out into the hallway and saw Ratie running full out.
     They ran all the way to the end of the black steel hallway and came out into a huge concert hall.  It had a slightly tilted stage at the far end made from red wood and silver.  It had seven spots set up on the stage for musicians that were egg shaped with a black cushioned chair in the center and a holographic projector in front.  There was a pair of physical light projectors on opposite sides of the stage.
     Physical light could be seen as well as felt and was either green or blue in color.
     Above the stage there was another stage that was one of seven that could rotate into place.  The rest of the room was filled with anti gravity chairs that were simply a large satin sheet over the anti gravity below that formed to your body.  The walls bowed outward and had a continuous black speaker that ran the length of them.  The floor was covered in wine and scotch bottles as well as piles of used cigarettes.
     “ Ah, o.k. what it this room?” asked Ratie as she stepped over a pile of cigarettes and then said in disgust,” Goarote they live like pigs.”
     Then in came Ohgood and he stepped right on a bottle of wine and crushed it under his boot and said loudly,” Who leaves a glass bottle lying around.  Is there any sighting of the Emebe’s?” asked Ohgood as he grimaced.  
     Ratie looked around and then spotted one of the Emebe’s and said boldly,” I see one over there, this baby’s mine!”
     Then Ratie walked quickly over to the Emebe and saw it picking at a bottle.  So she reached down and gently grabbed it and as she did it began squirming and laughing hysterically and Ratie started laughing and said happily,” Oh you are too cute.  I can’t believe this Emebe, Ohgood.”
     Ohgood looked at the Emebe and smiled and rubbed its head and then said,” O.K. now I’ve got to find mine.”
     “ Where there’s one there’s always two.  Try the stage,” said Ratie as she put the Emebe on top of her head.
     Then Ohgood walked up onto the stage and took a look around and saw nothing.  Then he saw a tiny leg sticking out from under one of the chairs and said boldly,” Gotcha, wait right there.”
     Then he hurried over to the chair and saw the Emebe lying on its back with a small chunk of chocolate in its mouth as it ate.  Then Ohgood picked up the Emebe and it smiled and continued eating and Ohgood said happily,” That is amazing little buddy.  I’m gonna call you Texit and you’ll be my new buddy.”
     “ Hey, Ohgood, we should get back to the bridge before Famaron misses us,” yelled Ratie as she walked over to the front of the stage.
     “ Good idea, hey what’d you name your Emebe mine’s called Texit?”
     “ Sandi Pie and she’s a handful let me tell ya.  Let’s hurry I don’t want to miss when we exit the worm hole,” said Ratie as she held Sandi Pie in her hands and rubbed her head.
     “ Sandi Pie huh, well that’s Ratie.  Let’s go Texit don’t want to be late,” said Ohgood softly then he walked down off the stage and towards Ratie.
     They walked back to the bridge and as they entered they saw Famaron eating a pair of steak sticks and Ratie asked in disbelief,” Where did you get those?  I’m starving to death over here.”
     “ There’s a warm case filled with fresh food right over on the wall.  Just press the green square button and it will slide out,” said Famaron happily as he ate.
     Ratie let out a sigh and she and Ohgood hurried over to the left wall.  Then Ratie pressed the green button and out slid a large rack filled with steak sticks, Gormagashi pies, Orcut wafers and Am.
     Gormagashi is an apple and cinnamon crust with layers of different pies backed into it.  Like ha berry pie and Yuplu pie, which was similar to chocolate and banana.
     “ There is a Goarote and he can cook.  Oh I was almost dead from hunger,” said Ratie as she grabbed a Gormagashi and a red Am cookie covered in caramel.
     “ Oh, Ratie, c’mon you weren’t almost dead, if so I would have killed ya.  I’m the one who needs sustenance or I would die a horrible death without trophies,” said Ohgood as he grabbed a steak stick and an Orcut wafer and then bit into them and smiled.
     “ Hey you might want to see this,” said Famaron as he watched them eat.
     “ Coming, just give me a second to save my life,” said Ratie as she wolfed down her food then licked her lips.
     Ohgood continued to eat as he and Ratie walked over and looked at the monitor to see the end of the worm hole.  It was a grid of white light with red lines going thru it.  They burst thru the grid of light in an explosion and appeared in front of Parscan.
     “ Home oh ache in my heart.  I’ve missed you for lack of not knowing what I’d miss,” said Ratie plainly as she thought of her home and her friends.
     “ What a great way to put it and never more true.  I’d almost forgotten why we were coming back.  We’ve got to get to the Caristic and hope they’ve opened it.  And if they have we’ve got to start our plan in motion,” said Famaron anxiously as he looked at Parscan longingly.
     “ I wonder what dear old dad is up to now.  Probably trying to ruin everyone’s life no doubt,” said Ohgood as he filled up with angry thoughts of Baub.       






     In the years before technology the capital of Parscan was a massive 10 person farm owned by Gobcam Urn.  Gobcam was a humble man who had won his farm by killing a wealthy Lord and rewriting his will.  After he took over he raised the price of all vegetables and livestock he owned to such a price it broke the backs of the lay people.
     He became so rich he began buying up other farms and before long he owned half of Parscan’s farmland.  But then after 10 years of unbelievable opulence he made a mistake.  He went out to a restaurant he owned called Gobcam’s reservoir and began tying one on, but one became 2 and he got so drunk he could barely see 4 feet in front of himself.  He stood up from the bar and said,” Hey, beautiful, do you like late nights and even later mornings,” to what he thought was a beautiful woman, but turned out was a burly 450 pound man named Thesuch Jackarat.
     Thesuch was so offended by the remark he grabbed hold of Gobcam’s testicles and lifted him off the ground.  Gobcam felt himself quickly sobering up as he screamed in agony.  Then Gobcam uttered the words that would bring about his death,” Look you dumb skank if I knew you were taken I would have asked your friend.”
     The problem with this statement was his friend standing beside him was known murderer Puncbac Hohnson.  Puncbac pulled out his jagged homemade dagger and slit open Gobcam’s throat from ear to ear ending his life.  The children of Gobcam eventually had children of their own and many generations later 2 of the grandchildren’s names were none other than Ratie and Ohgood Avesup. 
     Inside Baub’s penthouse in the Arlea building in the outskirts of Troitsa sat Baub, Prasau, and Lasor Pucket in his war room.  The penthouse had formerly been owned by Famaron, but Baub helped himself to everything Famaron owned after the coup.  The room had 6 ten foot tall and 3 feet wide Mimer robots slash computer monitors set up in a semi circle in front of a 30 foot tan leather couch that was against the back wall, with a large window and sliding door behind it.  The door led to an outside living room.  There was a control joystick in front of the couch that allowed Baub to control his troops and vessels of war with ease.  There were 3 purple furry chairs 2 on one side of the couch and one on the other.  On the left side of the room there was Famaron’s family heirlooms like his father’s captured head of rival general Bubom Wentc.
     Bubom Wentc tried 17 times to assassinate Horelet Venge.  Horelet became aware that Bubom was behind the attacks so he went and lured him away from his headquarters with his beautiful wife Posm, by offering him a night of passions with her.  Once Bubom got to her chalet and walked thru the doors a Sarg was waiting for him.  The Sarg grabbed hold of his head in its mouth and ripped it from his body.  Then Posm grabbed the head and put it in a silver case and brought it back to her husband. 
     The right side of the room had an orange water waterfall that had Famaron’s image projected on the water.  Beneath the water unbeknownst to Baub were the bomb codes for the Gaorsip city nuclear fusion bomb.  The floor had a dark brown wood paneling with the Venge family crest in the center.  The ceiling was a 30 foot high white cathedral with 3 dozen gargoyle statues built into it.
     “ Let us talk of war gentlemen,” said Baub in a sinister voice as he sat in the center of the couch with his legs crossed.
     “ What war is this, we’ve already taken over?” asked Lasor as he sat in a chair on the left side of the chair.
     “ Yes, Baub, we now rule over it all.  The only war we could fight now would be with ourselves,” said Prasau as he sipped a glass of Umust champagne in the chair on the right side of the couch.
     “ No friends not a war in the traditional sense with another legitimate army to face.  No I want to rid Parscan of the Plalo and all who support them,” said Baub firmly as he grinned menacingly.
     “ Prasau choked on his wine when he heard this and asked,” Baub, you can’t be serious.  The Plalo are an institution on Parscan and are beloved by all.”
     “ All but one, Prasau, this one here.  You have to understand that if the Plalo were no more there could never be a challenge to our power.  They are all that’s left of Famaron and the old regime,” said Baub as he stood up and walked over to the head of Bubom and picked it up.
     “ Alright, that’s a valid point, but how do we take them out?  Let’s face it they are powerful and wise,” asked Lasor as he thought of the Plalo’s code to kill 2 for every Plalo taken.
     “ Prey on their fears my friends.  The Plalo fear one thing more than all others,” said Baub sternly then he threw the head of Bubom at the sliding glass door.
     “ Which is?” asked Prasau happily as he looked at Baub and smiled.
     “ The destruction of the Capeka stones.  If they were to be taken per se, the Plalo would search every corner of the galaxy to find them.  That will be their undoing,” said Baub as he walked over to the sliding glass door and then said,” We’ll steal the Capeka stones, then we put them in Tofoul castle.  Then we make it known they are there and the Plalo will come running.  Then we have a nice trap waiting for them.” 
     “ What sort of trap?” asked Lasor.
     “ Leave that to me, I’ve got a perfect way to cast them from this Parscan.  They will be oblivious to the fate that awaits them ‘til it’s too late,” said Baub snidely as he looked out over Troitsa and smiled to himself.
     “ What of the soldiers guarding them?” asked Prasau.
     Baub chuckled and then said happily,” Please, I’ve already paid them off with gold.  The Capeka stones are being moved to Tofoul as we speak.  Once there the word will be leaked to the Plalo and the fun will start in earnest.
     As Famaron’s and Pator’s ships landed behind the mountain near the Caristic everyone was ready to get the plan moving forward to open it.
     We’ll take the Solisva copies the Knerks had to the Caristic.  There’s enough for all of us in this hangar bay,” said Famaron as he stood outside of the ship in front of a large hangar bay in the ship.
     “ That’s a good idea, but what if we’re seen or separated?” asked Saseap quickly.
     “ Then it’s fight for your life and do what you have to too get back here,” said Famaron sternly as he climbed up onto a Solisva.
     “ He has an answer for everything.  And not all of them good,” said Ratie slyly as she mounted her Solisva.
     “ At least he tries,” said Veata jokingly as she strapped on a Mutters belt.
     “ Remember everyone we have to get to the Caristic and we have to do this quietly,” said Famaron as he put his staff into a gun slot on the side of the Solisva.
     “ We will, don’t worry this is just as important to us as you,” said Ohgood as he slowly rode out of the hangar bay.
     “ Good point, o.k. let’s go in teams of 2 with 400 yards between us.  How ‘bout you and me, Veata?” asked Famaron as he drove out to a dirt road next to the mountain.
     “ Love too, but why do I always get the wimps?” asked Veata sarcastically as she rode up next to Famaron.
     “ Cause they’re the sexiest, alright follow my lead let’s go!” said Famaron loudly then he and Veata tore down the dirt road thru a glade of trees.
     “ Is he always so dramatic?” asked Pator honestly.
     “ Yes!” said Ohgood and Ratie in unison as they rode up to the starting spot.
     “ Some questions need not be asked,” said Pator jokingly as he rode up beside Solcrist.
     Up ahead Famaron and Veata were racing thru a tunnel of tree carved statues of Bantosh Ornap. 
     Bantosh Ornap was a Geen by birth, but changed his appearance to Darinvian using genetic engineering.  After he did this the Geen banished him and forbid everyone he knew from having any 
contact with him.  In the years that followed he became a scientist of not for his invention of a cell rejuvenator that could give a person a slower aging process.  It increased the average lifespan to 200 years.  After several decades of lavish lifestyle Bantosh decided to give all of his riches to his 5 children while he was still alive.  The only prerequisite was that they make sure he enjoyed a well to do life.  His children then took his massive fortune and gave half of it to the people who were disabled and used the rest to build the only steak stick factory on the west side of Parscan.  After only 2 years they had earned back the half they gave away and more.  So they again gave away half and this became known as the,” Gift of dignity,” by the people of Parscan.
     As Famaron and Veata soared thru the tunnel of trees Ohgood and Ratie got ready to start after them when a Flasher appeared behind them 800 yards back.  Ohgood heard its thrusters and turned to see it and said boldly,” A Flasher comin’ our way.  We’ll all have to leave a bit early, let’s go!”
     “ You’re right, follow Famaron’s lead,” said Solcrist as he and everyone blasted down the road after Famaron.
     As they did the Flasher piloted by 2 Senpond keepers Corathio and Torfed Amail 2 identical twins sat inside scanning the countryside.  They each had stark white and red hair that was tied into the shaped of a snake, with tiny silver fang shaped pins in the front.  They had on dark red shaded triangle shaped sunglasses with black steel rims.  Their noses were long and thin with tiny phrases on the opposite side of each of their noses, with Corathio’s reading,” DO a favor, kill an innocent,” and Torfed’s reading,” You gave me birth, I gave you death,” in tallow letters.  They were each 5’10” and weighed roughly the same at 168 pounds.  They had on black leather collarless jackets and torn polyester Disho crystals and Morshito bracelets on their wrists.
     “ Hey, Corathio, look at those Solisva’s.  It looks like they’re running,” said Torfed urgently as he steered the Flasher after them.
     “ They can’t get far we’ve got many Flashers in this area, but wouldn’t it be great if we nabbed ‘um,” said Corathio smoothly as he tapped his forehead.
     Solcrist looked back and saw the Flasher closing in and shouted,” They’re too close, everyone split up!”
     “ O.K.!” shouted Ratie then she and Ohgood drove into a field of ten foot high purple grass.
     Solcrist, Saseap, and Pator went the opposite direction over a river nearby.  The Flasher followed after them while Ratie and Ohgood got away.  The river snaked thru a man made stone embankment that had dozens of tunnels carved into it for sewage to be released.  And a good 50 bridges made from steel and wood over it.  As the 3 of them rode beneath the bridges and over the water Corathio and Torfed followed over the bridges.  Then Corathio turned on the loud speakers and shouted at them,” DO not try and run we have you surrounded!  You are only wasting time give up this foolish pursuit!” and then he turned off the speaker and said greedily,” That’ll put a scare in ‘em” 
     “ What if it’s Famaron?” asked Torfed.
     “ No, no he’s already dead.  These are probably a couple of cause freaks who are pissed at Baub.  Either which way you slice it if they don’t stop soon I’m using the guns,” said Corathio then he smirked.
     Meanwhile Ratie and Ohgood stopped their Solisva’s and took a look around and Ohgood asked,” It looks like we slipped ‘em, what do you want to do now?”
     Ratie looked around and saw Troitsa and said,” Well… we should probably continue on to the Caristic.  I mean don’t you think?” asked Ratie nervously as she grimaced.
     “ Look, Ratie, the mission is more important than helping them.  Look what good could we do against a Flasher?” asked Ohgood as he looked sternly at Ratie.
     “ Ah, you’re right, well if we’re gonna go we should hurry before more of them come,” said Ratie anxiously as she nodded.
     “ I agree, let’s cut across this field and get back on that dirt road,” said Ohgood then he tore off towards the road with Ratie behind him.
     Meanwhile Solcrist, Saseap, and Pator were racing down the river then Solcrist shouted,” I’m taking one of these tunnels, you should too!”
     Then Solcrist drove into one of the sewage tunnels on the left and disappeared into a long stone passageway.  He rode for 300 yards and came to a fork in the tunnel and stopped and looked back and saw no one behind him and said breathlessly,” Oh thank you Goarote.  My heart couldn’t take much more of that mess.”
     Pator and Saseap saw Solcrist disappear and gave each other a look and then they each ducked into different tunnels with Pator going right and Saseap left.
     “ Oh no you don’t my friends.  We’re goin’ after them,” said Corathio boldly then he steered the Flasher down to the river and into the tunnel Pator went in. 
     Inside that tunnel Pator was going full speed past a slew of torches and paintings of Famaron on the walls.  The Flasher kept in hot pursuit and then as Pator rounded a corner the Flasher blasted his Solisva twice with their laser canon.  The shots jettisoned Pator into the air and in mid air the Flasher fired and blew a 2 foot wide hole in Pator’s back.  He flew against the wall and fell to the ground in a heap.  He lay there dead, as the Flasher pulled up to him and Torfed saw his body and said coldly,” He’s dead as wood chips, let’s go after the rest.”
     “ Fine with me, my day just got made,” said Corathio snidely then he spun the Flasher around and flew back towards the river.
     Solcrist saw a ramp at the end of the tunnel and rode up it and came out in the Troitsa library district.  There were 15 20 story blue, red, and white Buddha shaped libraries, with Famaron’s head on top of each.  They had thousands of eye shaped and hand shaped red and blue tinted windows, as well as a circular deck around the center that had holographic video games and snack shacks with brown leather couches everywhere.  At the base of the libraries were thick black soft grass that grew 6 feet high and lined the many paths and roads in and out.
     “ Well, huh hadn’t planned on reading or this seedy side of Troitsa.  Well…huh, I’ll have to find the main road,” said Solcrist slowly to himself as he looked around.
     Then he drove up between two of the libraries and saw a Woright and his heart nearly skipped a beat, but he casually rode past it and kept his eyes on the road.
     Saseap was hurdling thru the sewage tunnels in the opposite direction.  The tunnel was green with electronic gravity tags known as Mapas all over the walls.  Some read,” Oh be my place sunny,” as well as,” The solution stalked these halls.”
     Saseap came into a large room filled with broken down old Phevys and a pair of tunnels.  Phevys were a tunneling craft that looked like a monkey lying on its stomach and could dig 2000 feet in a day at a high rate of speed.  They were orange and black in color, with the mark of Teverus on their fronts.
     “ This is interesting, I wondered what happened to these things,” said Saseap as she rode around the Phevys.
     She rode past the last of them and around a corner into the left tunnel and saw a group of 5 soldiers carrying a large object under a tarp on a hovering blue platform of wood.  As she watched them slowly come towards her suddenly the tarp slid off and revealed the Capeka stones beneath glowing in the dim light.  Saseap had a lightning quick memory of a holographic projection of the Capeka stones that she had seen years earlier and she blurted out loudly,” Hey those are the Capeka stones.  What are you doing?”
     The soldiers looked up and saw her and drew their Mutters and Saseap saw this and pressed the accelerator and did a 180 and began to drive back the way she came.  The soldiers saw this and opened fire, with their shots whirling past her head and Solisva.  She turned the corner and then into the right tunnel.  She rode thru the tunnel at break neck speed.  There were dozens of old video games and boxes of old vintage wines that had been put there years prior and forgotten about.  Saseap could see an opening at the end that had sunlight coming in.  She got to the opening and rode up a slight incline out into a large purple grass field with a grove of mail box shaped trees at the far end.  There was also a large pyramid made from black marble with a round ball shaped top in the center.  Saseap rode out into the field then stopped and looked around and said,” Where on Goarote’s Parscan am I now?  How do I find a way to Troitsa from here.  Uh this is very troubling, that’s it, I’ll just ride ‘til I find someone.”
     Then she sped towards the pyramid and as she got close she saw a group of monks in red robes milling about at the base of it.  She rode over to one and she started to ask a question when suddenly he pulled his hood back revealing his dark green skin, bald head, and pyramid tattoos over each of his magenta colored eyes.  He had stark white gnarling teeth and a Morshito necklace around his neck.  He was a large muscular well built man named Dukerit Col.
     “ Hello there young lady what strays you so far off course?” asked Dukerit calmly as he grinned slightly.
     “ I ah…I am on my way to Troitsa and I’ve gotten a bit lost.  Could you give me directions?  I would greatly appreciate it,” asked Saseap as she looked at Dukerit’s hands and then asked softly,” What’s in your hands?”
     “ Directions my love,” said Dukerit coldly then he raised a Horm tranquilizer gun and shot Saseap in the chest.
     Saseap slammed on the accelerator in a flare of nervousness and began to speed away.  But in a matter of seconds the powerful tranquilizer started to kick in and she became woozy.  As she rode her eyes grew heavy and she slowly fell asleep.  The Solisva grinded to a halt with Saseap hunched over the handlebars.
     Dukerit came running over to her and when he got there he climbed onto the Solisva.  Then he moved Saseap to the passenger seat and grabbed the handlebars and started back to the Pyramid.  Once there he rode into a secret passageway and deep into the pyramid.
     The inside had hundreds of statues some real and made of gold, others only holographic projections.  The walls were covered in dark brown and gold leaf wallpaper, as well as large computer monitors with the face of Semses Farec the high priest of Dukerit’s tribe the Blast of 8.
     Semses had a long thick dark brown curly beard, with tiny bottles of the drug Perqul a hallucinogenic red pill used by the tribe.  He had one green eye with black circles in it and one gold eye with a square around the pupil.  His hair was seal black thick and perfectly straight with a well defined square widows peak.  His nose was like a ski slope with a jump at the end and had a tiny letter x tattooed on the tip.  He was 5’4” 154 pounds of round definition lacking muscles.  Semses wrote the book,” Your secrets are mine,” that detailed his doctrine and had a ten page section called,” The list of beliefs of a learned soul,” that included these 2, 1.  He knows his mind can cause pain at a whisper, but won’t speak in violent phrases unless the seal of his self respect is broken in two.” And number 2.  While Goarote can befriend a world and enslave a galaxy he doesn’t have to fight for my soul, I give it without hesitation at the thought he cared enough to ask for it in the first place.  Semses left the Posism Beliefs after a dispute over the role of forgiveness in the religion.  He felt any man or woman can be forgiven all things, but rape, murder, and infidelity, but they believed vengeance was central to living or why would it exist.
     There was a floating throne above a pit of fire and Magores, which were an Armadillo like creature that lived in fire.  Sitting in the throne was Semses as he sat silently reading a brief book of jokes and poems.  Dukerit rode up to the step in front of him and said enthusiastically,” I have found our priestess for the cleansing ceremony, Semses, and she is devious and beautiful to boot.” 
     “ Let me look upon her and judge her worthiness,” said Semses sharply as he glared at Dukerit.
     “ Of course my, Lord, give me a moment to lift her,” said Dukerit anxiously then he grabbed hold of Saseap and lifted up her body and carried it up in front of Semses and said quickly,” She is our answer I am sure of it.”
     “ You may be, but I am the one who knows these things,” said Semses sternly then he looked at Saseap and smiled and said happily,” Oh, she is a stunner what a glorious visage.  And she is the type of soul that appeases Goarote.  Yes, she will be our sacrifice to him and she will end our misery.  Now take her to the preparation chamber and clothe her appropriately for tomorrow’s ceremony.  You have done well, Dukerit, you may eat two meals today.”
     “ Thank you my, Lord, you are most kind,” said Dukerit quickly then he put Saseap back on the Solisva and rode away into the room behind the throne.
     Solcrist meanwhile was flying down the streets of Troitsa at tremendous speeds.  He kept his eyes on the Cofert towers in the distance.  He knew if he got there he could easily get to the Caristic.  He rode up a gentle hill and under a large red concrete and bended steel bridge filled with ships and pedestrians.  He was now in the center of Troitsa and there were dozens of bowed blue and orange glass 600 story high buildings that housed many of the large companies on Parscan like Everbaby steaks and shades, which sold all the best meats as well as sunglasses that could make a phone call or produce a holographic movie in front of you.  On the sides of the road he was on there were impact green rubber walls that if driven into would absorb all the blow as they perfectly compacted in ward and then released putting you back on the road.
     “ This city is a wonder to behold, Goarote give me guidance for these endless streets try my patience,” said Solcrist sadly as he rode thru a tunnel the face of Goarote appeared in front of him and Solcrist shouted,” Is this happening to me!” 
     “ Listen to me, Solcrist, I have a warning to give you concerning Parscan,” said Goarote softly as his chiseled face and dark burgundy childlike eyes looked at Solcrist.
     Goarote had thick purple shortly cut uniform hair and a trio of widow’s peaks with the center one larger than the rest.  His nose was extremely long as well as thick with small nostrils and thick well defined lips.  His teeth were pure white and looked always to be smiling. 
     “ Yes…Goarote what is this warning you have for me?” asked Solcrist warmly as his hands came off the handlebars, but the Solisva kept making its turns.
     “ The world of so many dreams is in grave danger.  I feel my wishes for most of you were ignored and people led separate lives without my wisdom.  The fate of you all was assured when the one faith became many.  I say to you now that a neighboring galaxy known as Keeptal is going to spiral into the Coulez system as are my wishes.  I tell you this now as my hope is that you and the ones you care for will leave this world never to return.  I’m giving you and those you choose this gift for a lifetime of pure devotion to me and a gentle thought you gave me a few weeks ago that gave me a smile.  Solcrist, I say now that the journey you are on should only be continued so far as you find all your friends and loved ones.  Once you have done this and told the others you choose to live the truth.  Then you must take to the cosmos and get clear of the Coulez system.  Once you are I will do what I must to the rest.  Now, Solcrist, look around you, you are where you asked me to bring you,” said Goarote then he disappeared in a gentle flash of red light.
     Solcrist found himself parked at the entrance to the Gavert caves.  Then he saw Famaron, Veata, Ohgood, and Ratie walking up to him and Veata asked,” Did you speak with Goarote, Solcrist?”
     “ What, how did you know?”
     “ We all had our own conversations and we were told of the way to open the Caristic.  He said that it was Ohgood’s hand that could open it and only his.  Is that what was said to you?” asked Famaron as he looked intently at Solcrist.
     Solcrist paused for a moment and realized that their lives were his choice to continue.  He looked at each of them and didn’t know what to do.  He thought why could he be the one with the power of life and death he was but a wizard.  Then he nodded and said plainly,” No, not at all.”
     “ What?” said Ohgood in disbelief then he looked at everyone.
     “ He spoke nothing of the Caristic.  What was said was of a neighboring galaxy crashing into our right after myself, and all I choose to tell, had gotten safely away.  I tell you this now because I feel your lives have great value.  And I can’t carry this burden alone.  Many people you once knew will perish by horrible means so if you have any ideas what I should do please tell me,” said Solcrist implying a question as he looked at everyone and waited.
     Everyone stared back at him in shock, but could tell by his expression he was serious and telling the truth.  Ratie steeped forward and said sadly,” I don’t know what you should do, but if you want my opinion I’d say save the Plalo, the Sandu, the Geen, the Cacob, Veata’s subjects, us and as far as I’m concerned the rest made a stone sandwich and can’t complain about broken teeth.
     “ That’s a good point, let’s face it the rest are all traitors.  If any of them found out they’d tell Baub and Prasau and all their minions and they’d take all the ships and leave the rest of us here.  Again it’s your choice, but that’s where I stand,” said Famaron then he nodded and smirked.
     “ I know this, I know it all too well.  Then our task is this…we need to tell everyone concerned that they must leave and somehow keep the rest from finding out.  And remember we will need many ships to pull this off and last time I checked Baub had most of them,” said Solcrist firmly as he tried not to laugh at the reality of the moment.
     “ Uh ah, that last part is not true.  You forgot the retired war vessel shipyard.  There’s hundreds of ships there that could be stolen and up in the sky in a heartbeat.  And I still have the security codes to get us in when the time is right uh ha,” said Famaron slyly as he paced back and forth waved his finger in the air.
     “ Somebody’s happy and not a small bit,” said Ratie as she laughed.
     “ Wait ah minute, where’s Pator and Saseap?  They should have been transported here?” asked Ohgood as he looked at everyone in shock.
     “ That’s a good point unless…” said Veata then she grimaced.
     “ Unless they’re captured, but how could they be captured Goarote would have just brought them here,” said Famaron nervously as he thought of the worst.
     “ Pator is passed, but Saseap has been taken by the Blast of 8 and is in a black pyramid on the outskirts of Troitsa.  It is our decision if we try to save her.  Goarote will not help us in any way,” said Ohgood calmly as he put his fingers to his temple.
     “ What was that a message from Goarote?” asked Solcrist as he stared at Ohgood.
     “ Yes, I could hear his voice in my head.  Ah you heard the message I say we go after her right now.  Goarote said nothing would happen to Parscan ‘til Solcrist was safely away,” said Ohgood sternly as he looked at Famaron.
     “ I agree, but it’s up to Solcrist.  What do you want to do?” asked Famaron.
     “ We are not leaving a single friend behind.  The Blast of 8 are in for a horror most unkind.  Saseap is leaving this rock with us or none of us are,” said Solcrist boldly then he stomped his foot.
     “ Yes, alright you said outskirts of town that’s kind of vague considering the size of this particular town.  How do we find her?” asked Ratie in a concerned tone.
     “ Ask somebody?” said Famaron plainly as he made a simple hands in the air gesture and grinned.
     “ Good point how many black pyramids can there be around here huh?” asked Ratie as she smiled a goofy grin.
     “ Alright I’ll ask that man in the black leather suit,” said Veata then she walked towards the man who was sitting on a chair in front of the caves.
     The man was named Corblan Yets and had stark white puffed up 4 inches high hair as well as a white wing shaped mustache.  He had lemon colored aloof eyes and a small button nose.  He was 6’2” and very fit and muscular.  In addition to wearing a black leather suit with the Plalo crest on the front, he also had on a pair of red leather biker boots and a Morshito bracelet on his left hand.  In his front 2 pockets he had Bonight 10’s.
     Bonight 10’s were a square silver packet filled with 10 kinds of radical loose magic and untamed spells, that when thrown at a person would shift their molecules and turn them into Corvubs or Ormu’s, but they would only be 2 feet tall.
     “ Excuse me, sir, I am Veata and I was wondering if you might know the location of the Blast of 8 pyramid?” asked Veata warmly as she smiled.
     “ Well, Veata, they tell me my name is Corblan and if there’s one thing I don’t know it’s how to be disingenuous.  So that said I’ll tell you in all honesty that if you go south for 30 minutes you will come upon said Pyramid, as well as the bottom dwellers who inhabit it.  Now, if you need someone physically to show you where it is, I am as bored of being at these caves as I look and would be honored to take you,” said Corblan calmly as he spoke with his hands.
     “ Corblan, we would be honored in every way possible.  Why don’t you meet my friends,” said Veata implying a question as she extended her arm.
     Corblan took her arm and grinned and said slyly,” Thank you, that’s the most action I’ve had in months.”
     Veata laughed as they walked over to everyone else and then said happily,” I’ve found a guide and his name is Corblan.”
     “ Nice to meet you all.  How exactly were you planning to get to the pyramid?” asked Corblan then he asked quickly,” OH wait, I need to know your names.”
     “ I’m Ratie that’s Famaron, Ohgood, and Solcrist is the stern looking one,” said Ratie jokingly as she gave Solcrist a playful smile.
     “ O.K. I’ve got them all logged in,” said Corblan.
     “ Well, Corblan, I don’t know how we’re gonna get there exactly, the Solisva’s are gone and I have no idea where,” said Famaron.  
     “ Need not worry, I have got the perfect ship.  She’s a bit of a homemade version of a Woright.  Wait ‘til you see her glorious!” said Corblan excitedly as he grinned from ear to ear and then said happily,” Everyone follow me.”
     “ You got it,” said Ohgood bravely as he felt uneasy.
     They followed Corblan down a pathway beside the Gavert caves that was made with a thick cushion of air that kept your feet 3 inches above the black stone path.  The path snaked around a corner and thru a wooden tunnel that had hundreds of wood carvings of all the Calestian saints from the Warm age.
     The Calestian saints were a group of 7 saints who had each done a Wroders miracle, which meant they created a portal between life and the afterlife and had pushed someone thru just before they would have died, as well as it being filmed for proof.  The most famous of which was Guldflow the 37th.  Guldflow was able to save a family of 5 from a molten lava burst beneath their home, with a camera crew with him.  He had predicted the exact day he would perform the Wroders miracle, but not the place.  He simply began walking down a street and then suddenly he knew where to go and what to do.  The whole planet was watching on live television and it became known as Guldflow ratings, which meant he had the entire television owning audience watching.  Guldflow’s miracle was so spectacular that then emperor Cattrap gave him a lifetime of wealth and sustenance assuring he got the best cut from the prized Ormu each week.
     “ How much farther is it?” asked Ratie as she looked at the carvings.
     “ Just a thought,” said Corblan then they came out of the tunnel and saw Corblan’s ship in front of them and he said boldly,” She’s a beauty to look at, but even more to inspect.”
     There sat Corblan’s ship on top of a brief dirt mound in front of a statue of Famaron with half his head cut off.  It was metallic and rainbow colored with the colors changing as the clouds and sun changed.  It was shaped like a cat standing on all fours, with 2 domed green gunners seats extending out from either side that had state of the art gene shifting weapons.  If you were shot you risked devolution or deformity.  The front of the ship had Corblan’s face wielded perfectly onto it with the red cockpit windows as the eyes and mouth.  The back of the ship had a dozen Lamer missiles inside a round canon, that would chase down an enemy with heat seeker technology then explode once they were within 10 feet blowing them to pieces.
     “ What do you think of my hobby?” asked Corblan proudly as he grinned.
     “ If it flies, I’m happy,” said Famaron slyly as he walked towards the ship.
     If there’s a steak stick in there anywhere then I’m ecstatic,” said Ratie as she rubbed the nose of the ship.
     “ There is all the food you can eat I assure you,” said Corblan as he walked towards the side of the ship and as he did the genetic  code sensor lowered the side panel and extended a set of stairs that twisted into the ship.
     “ Now we’re talkin’,” said Ratie happily as she followed Corblan into the ship.
     Inside there was a steel floor with Corblan’s feet made of black rubber tracing the way to the cockpit.  There were living quarters directly as you walked in that had a pair of y shaped beds side by side at an 
angle.  Between them there was a nightstand made form a stuffed Sarg lying on its back.  There was also a large flat screen monitor on the left wall that was round in shape and had the hills of Pouf as a screen saver.  
     To the right there was the brown carpeted staircase to the cockpit that had Corblan’s favorite hologram and poems like the line,” If we aren’t really here and the sun is only shinning on the idea of us.  Then let the air of needlessness sweep me away on the dreams of us all.  Because I suspected this reality was something else, but now I know I was someone else and you were only lying.
     As they walked up to the cockpit Ratie saw the hologram of Corblan swimming up a waterfall and asked,” Is this really you, it looks factual?”
     “ Oh yes that’s the Loptossle falls on Goep.  And yes it is worth the trip,” said Corblan as he climbed up the last 3 stairs to the cockpit.
     Inside there were 6 large red captain’s chairs that were heavily padded and had different controls on each in the armrests.  They also had an instant foldout foot stool that came out of the floor as you sat down as did a glass of red wine from Corblan’s private winery.  In front of all the chairs were a high definition image of what was out the windows with red laser tracers marking each living thing.  The walls had an actual sunrise being projected onto them that gave the appearance of being outside, it even had the appearance of a gentle waterfall.
     “ Everyone take a seat and we’ll set the sky ablaze with our jet thrusters,” said Corblan as he sat down.
     “ Sounds good enough,” said Famaron then he sat down and took a look at the sunrise and then said,” I’ve never been in a cockpit this picturesque, it’s awe-inspiring to see.”
     “ It’s freaky how it feels like we’re on a rivers edge.  And that waterfall takes the cake,” said Ohgood in astonishment.
     After everyone had sat down Corblan turned on the anti gravity thrusters and the ship seamlessly lifted high into the air.  He then hit the accelerator and they started to fly over Troitsa at incredible velocity.
     “ we’re movin’ now, ya know Troitsa is a beautiful city if it weren’t for the Halbaltic gang and the other scoundrels here,” said Veata.
     “ Before they moved in it was a place people felt safe and you knew that a horrible tragedy most likely wouldn’t befall you.  Now, Goarote, it is the last stop for every thug and deviant in the world.  It didn’t have to be like this.  I really should have done more,” said Famaron sadly as he looked over the city.
     “ Don’t kid yourself you were betrayed by your closest friends.  If I were you I wouldn’t give it a seconds thought.  Let’s face it there won’t be anything left to rule over in a little while.  And those who betrayed you will be no more,” said Veata as she rubbed Famaron’s back.
     “ She’s right the bad people are gonna get a fistful of karma.  And if you asked me it should be 2,” said Ratie fiercely as she made a carefree expression.
     “ You think something is going to happen to Parscan?” asked Corblan anxiously as he peered at Famaron.  
     “ Know,” said Famaron flatly.
     “ But you said…,” said Corblan quickly.
     “ I know something is going to happen.  Look we’ll level with ya, Goarote has plans to destroy Parscan and everyone who stays behind.  Solcrist personally spoke with Goarote and the last days of Parscan are upon us,” said Famaron sternly then he grimaced.
     “ Is this true, Solcrist?” asked Corblan nervously as he looked at Solcrist and rubbed his hands together.
     “ I’m afraid so, Goarote has become angry at the way we abused his world and now he plans to get even.  Now by us telling you this you realize that you must not tell anyone else or it won’t be long before a mass exodus by the wrong sort of people,” said Solcrist calmly.
     “ I…I won’t tell a soul, but who gets to know?  I mean are we the only ones who get to live?”
     “ He said that it was my decision who lives and who dies.  I decided that the Cacob, Plalo, Geen, the Sandu and Veata’s subjects will live.  It is only these who will survive,” said Solcrist as he thought of what Goarote had said to him.
     “ I’m a Plalo, so I would have lived anyway is what you’re saying,” said Corblan implying a question as he stood up and began to walk around trying to keep a thought in his head.
     “ Yes, eventually you would have found out and been saved,” said Ratie then she looked at Solcrist and Famaron.
     “ This is good news and bad.  I don’t know what to think.  How much time do we have ‘til the end?” asked Corblan as he stared at Solcrist.
     “ We have until I leave Parscan with the knowers in toe.  It won’t be long as soon as we find Saseap and then spread the word.  Then we will take to the skies and be rid of this world forever,” said Solcrist coldly as he thought of the final reckoning.
     “ Hey there’s a black pyramid in the distance,” said Ohgood loudly as he stood up.
     Then everyone looked up and saw it and Corblan said,” We should land some distance from it so as we’re not detected.”
     “ Good idea, put her down in that field behind those trees,” said Famaron as he pointed.
     Then Corblan landed the ship and everyone went towards the exit when Solcrist asked,” Do you think we should walk such a distance?  It could tire us to a weakened state.”
     “ Fear not, we won’t be walking, check this out,” said Corblan happily as he pulled a black plastic gun shaped joystick from his pocket then he pressed a blue button.
     The back end of the ship lowered down as 3 sets of large black wheels came out of the bottom.  The segment separated from the rest of the ship and as it did a driver’s seat and 2 rows of green passenger seats formed behind it.  The outside of it had 2 separate laser canons extend out of it and a hologram covered the ship giving it the appearance of being invisible as cameras showed the images of what was on all sides of the vehicle known as a Portex.
     “ Well, what do you think?” asked Corblan.
     “ I love it, we’ll be invisible nice!” said Ratie in awe.
     “ Well this gives us the element of surprise,” said Famaron as he smiled and nodded.
     “ We should be able to drive right inside.  Now that’s progress,” said Ohgood happily as he threw a glance to Veata.
     “ Grab a seat and we’ll get to the business of finding said Pyramid in style,” said Corblan greedily as he climbed aboard the Portex.  
     Everyone else grabbed a seat and they began driving across the field towards the pyramid.  As they got closer to the trees they saw a pair of monks in black robes playing with a thick red bubble machine.  The bubbles would come out of the machine in the shapes of dragons and Sargs and as they floated up a few feet would explode into a burst of red flames and green smoke.
     “ Only whispers now,” said Corblan softly as they neared the monks.
     As they rode by the monks one of them looked over and knew something was amiss and pulled a Femfet gene destroyer.
     The Femfet would destroy half the genes in your body and leave the rest causing your body to virtually implode itself.
     The monk named Eser aimed the Femfet at what looked like empty air and fired it.  The bubble shaped orange bullet hit Corblan right in the neck and was instantly absorbed into his flesh.  He began to fidget from side to side as he lost control of the Portex.
     “ He’s hit someone take the wheel!” said Veata frantically as she sat in the last row.
     “ I’ll get it hold on!” said Ohgood boldly as he leapt from his seat and into the front seat.
     By now Corblan’s face and body were starting to bulge out and his skin was filled with triangular bubbles filled with gas.  As Ohgood grabbed hold of the steering wheel he looked at Corblan’s face and as he did the bubbles began to burst releasing a red toxic gas known as Drequi that caused Ohgood to gasp for air.
     “ What’s wrong, Ohgood?” asked Ratie nervously as she started to move towards the front seat.
     “ There’s some sort of gas coming from Corblan’s face, it’s poisonous I think,” said Ohgood as he gasped and steered the Portex thru a patch of trees nearly hitting one.
     “ Move his body out of the seat,” said Ratie boldly as she grabbed hold of Corblan and as she did inhaled some of the Drequi and said sharply,” That’s disgusting, Famaron, we need your help he’s too heavy.”
     “ Alright I’m coming,” said Famaron fiercely as he lunged forward and grabbed hold of Corblan and just as he did Corblan’s body sucked a foot inward and then exploded in a burst of flesh, bone, and blood and a cloud of red gas enveloped all 3 of them.
     The blast knocked Famaron and Ratie into the back seat and tossed Ohgood onto the front of the Portex.
     “ That really sucked,” said Ohgood breathlessly as he climbed back over the front of the Portex and then into the front seat.
     “ Ah, things are getting weird I’m a calm kinda girl,” said Ratie coyly as she wiped a large clump of Corblan off her face and neck.
     “ Somebody take the wheel!” shouted Famaron as he saw the Portex heading straight for a ten ton boulder shaped like Semses.
     Ratie jumped up and grabbed the wheel and turned it to the right causing the Portex to nearly flip, but it righted itself and only barely clipped the side of the boulder.
     “ This is so exhilarating,” said Solcrist calmly as he felt the wind with his right hand and let out a sigh.
     “ I thought more like, almost becoming fertilizer, but as they say the chef knows the bottom of the pot is where the flavor forgets itself,” said Veata bravely as she smirked.
     Solcrist turned his head slowly to face her and asked warmly,” What exactly does that mean, Veata?”
     “ It means a calm man has a shaky heart, Solcrist,” said Veata slyly then she rubbed Solcrist’s arm and grinned and then stuck out her tongue.
     “ Oh women are the oil in my coffee cup, but I love you all the same,” said Solcrist then he laughed.
     Ratie took the driver’s seat and steered the Portex thru a series of trees and then under a large tree fort that was built by the Blast of 8’s.  The tree fort had several monks keeping watch, but didn’t notice the Portex drive by.  Then they rode thru a wooden perfectly round tunnel and came out right in front of the black pyramid.
     “ I really hope Saseap is alright.  I’m worried she may not have survived,” said Ratie sadly as she looked at the giant pyramid.
     “ She’s fine I know it, but it may take a bit of doing to get her out,” said Ohgood hopefully as he rubbed Ratie’s shoulders.
     “ We’ll be fine, we’ve still got the element of surprise and, we’ve got magic,” said Famaron sternly as he tapped the dash with his staff and nodded.
     “ We’ll need more then magic before it’s all over.  We’re going to need a hand from Goarote himself,” said Solcrist.
     “ And we might just get it.  Remember he helped us before, there had to be a reason,” said Veata smoothly then she looked and saw a trio of monks sliding down the side of the pyramid on a red steel Uhma disc.
     An Uhma disc could simultaneously hold onto any surface as well as slid rapidly across it.  They were round in shape and had a large cushioned black seat for one person as well as a vision and emotion triggered pair of brakes.
     Then Famaron saw a pair of monks holding a pair of Femfets blocking the entrance to the pyramid so he raised his staff and shouted,” Hai mofe be breakas!”
     Then a trio of Geen ghosts shifted out of the afterlife and into Parscan’s realm right in front of the monks.  The Geen ghosts had arms of fire and as the monks saw them the ghosts slung back their arms then threw them forward.  This caused a boulder of green lightning and a corrosive blue powder to shoot forward at the monks.  When the lightning hit them they shot backwards at tremendous speed and their eyes popped out as did their teeth.  Then the blue powder engulfed them and melted away all their flesh leaving only their bones and inner organs.  Then their bodies started to shift back and forth and the one on the left’s still beating heart feel to the ground and beat 4 times shooting out 4 bursts of blood then died.  Then the one on the right’s lungs feel out and when they hit the ground a burst of air 
and powder shot out.  A moment later both bodies collapsed and their skulls broke open as their bodies crumbled.  Then the Portex drove over the corpses and into the front of the pyramid.    
     “ I’d hate to be those 2, looks like they ate too much fiber by the looks of those intestines,” said Ratie honestly as she crinkled her nose and showed her teeth.
     “ Ratie. Try to keep the weird thoughts to yourself.  The rest of us live in the real world,” said Ohgood then he saw another 2 monks up ahead and said boldly,” We’ve got 2 more soon to be dead up ahead with swords of anti magic in their hands.”
     “ That’s not good with those they can cut thru magic,” said Famaron quickly as he thought for a second.
     Anti magic swords were comprised of 4 one foot green orbs in a line, with a dense white anti magic holding them together.  They had silver ornate handles with rubber patches for your fingers.
     “ Throw 5 spells at them at once and it will overpower them completely,” said Veata sternly as she stood up.
     “ You’re right, everyone cast a spell simultaneously,” said Famaron sternly as he stood up.
     “ This’ll be fun,” said Ratie as she grinned and stood up beside Ohgood.
     “ Alright now, Domdrob eles!” shouted Famaron as he raised his staff and glared at the monks who turned, but couldn’t see him or the Portex.
     “ Couldad my reasons!” shouted Ratie as she snarled.
     “ Demerit while sunken!” shouted Ohgood as he raised his staff and smiled.
     “ Orpa gumpto neveris!” shouted Veata as she walked towards the front of the Portex.
     “ Vigipen dowapen calmirus!” shouted Solcrist just after the rest as he waved his staff from side to side.
     Then a seal black skinned man like creature with the head of a raven with laser eyes and a fire filled mouth appeared.  It also had a long anti magic red whip that glowed and gave off a double pulse as it moved in his hand.  The beast was known as Mavtron. 
     At the same time a 3 headed ten foot long bird with the body of a python known as an Ormex appeared.  It had retractable arms with 8 inch glowing hard liquid talons on each of its claws.  Its 3 heads were all completely different in appearance with the one on the left being of Ratie, the center of a Baatold and the one on the right had 3 gold and green waterfall eyes and a yellow bird’s beak that shot out from its face a foot.  The Ormex’s body was dark yellow with a large star pattern all over it.
     Also at the same time appeared a small 4 foot long flasher with a miniature crew and began to circle the monks.  There also appeared a large red and turquoise square filled with tiny dragons that floated slowly above the monks.  And lastly a black metallic train that was 8 feet long and 3 feet high filled with 2 dozen green gargoyles that had tiny Mutters in each of their train cars.  The Gargoyles were dancing and laughing very loudly.  The front of the train had a lion’s head with a flowing mane and glowing fierce green eyes.
     “ Let’s see how they fair now!” said Famaron snidely as he watched the five spells race at the 2 monks.  
     “ Hey, Tiling, we’ve got trouble,” said Harmsfa nervously as he saw the 5 different creations coming towards him and Tiling and raised his anti magic sword.
     “ Take the 2 on the left!  Where did they come from there’s no one in here!” shouted Tiling as he began to swing his sword back and forth.
     Then the Mavtron whipped Harmsfa and as he did Tiling sliced his sword at him and chopped off his right arm, but the Mavtron was able to whip Harmsfa across the chest and it left a line of blood and fire.  Then Harmsfa screamed out in agony and chopped off the Mavtron’s whipping hand and shouted,” You’ll pay for this beast!”
     Then the Ormex bit into Harmsfa’s shoulder and began sucking all the blood from his body.  His face went white and his tongue stuck out 5 inches as he writhed in pain.  Tiling swung his sword and chopped the head off the Ormex and its body fell to the floor as a river of red blood came gushing out.  Then Tiling sliced thru the center of the Mavtron and its guts oozed out, but as he did the mini Flasher began blasting him with its laser canons at his eyes, with one blast hitting his left eye and bursting the eyeball sending eye fragments into the air.  Tiling instantly reached for his eye with his free hand and began swinging his sword wildly with the other.
     “ He’s in trouble,” said Ratie as she grinned and drove towards Tiling.
     Then the train filled with Gargoyles crashed into Tiling’s shins and spilled out onto the floor.  Then the Gargoyles began climbing on him and shooting him with their Mutters.  The blasts blew 2 inch holes in his arms and legs, as well as his chest.
     “ Get off of me you bottom feeders!” shouted Tiling as he flailed wildly.
     Then the cube filled with dragons, burst over his head and they began tearing his flesh and blasting his face with bursts of fire.  He screamed a dead man’s scream as he fell to the ground writhing in pain.  Ratie drove past him and into the throne room.  There sat Semses on his throne as he threw bits of 
human flesh to the Magores in the pit of fire.  Semses realized something was amiss and asked fiercely,” Who goes there?  I feel your presence speak up!”
     Famaron looked at Veata and Solcrist and then he stepped off of the Portex and said sternly,” I go there and from what I’ve been told ah friend of mine was taken and is somewhere in this pyramid.”
     “ Emperor, we’d heard you were dead.  I guess it was just wishful thinking,” said Semses snidely then he began to laugh loudly.
     “ Careful with your tone it doesn’t suit your head full of dead brain cells,” said Famaron coldly as he grinned.
     Semses stopped laughing and glared at Famaron and then said snidely,” They said you were a wise man, but only an imbecile would come into my realm by himself.”
     “ You would be correct, which is why many of my friends are in amongst us now.  Needless to say I haven’t come to quarrel with you.  A friend of mine a woman named Saseap is here and I want her given over to me or your lungs will fill with coal before you draw another breath,” said Famaron calmly then he raised his staff and trained his eyes on Semses.
     “ Careful, Emperor, remember I have many more friends here at my disposal that would die for me in an instant.  Now, this girl you speak of I haven’t seen her, but thanks for dropping me a line.  Love to see an old friend,” said Semses sarcastically then he smiled.
     Then Famaron sighed and threw up his hands and then thundered,” Bludsuch so much!”
     Then a blood red devil looking 12 foot tall creature known as a Talicun appeared.  It had 3 long white twisted horns coming out of the top of its head as well as thousands of black 4 inch spikes all over its body.  It also had a long silver sickle in one hand and a Krackpum in the other.
     A Krackpum was a dozen spinning orbs filled with loose radical magic that had a white ivory hand and tiny blue genetic material strings holding them together.  Once you raised the Krackpum and whispered in a certain direction one of the orbs would shoot off in that direction at such speed it could go thru twelve foot thick concrete.
     “ Oh Goarote what is this creature?” asked Semses in disbelief a she stared at the Talicun.
     Then the Talicun raised its Krackpum and whispered,” Lives take losing.”
     Then one of the orbs shot straight at Semses, but just as it did he fell to his knees to pray for his life so the orb went right thru his throne and kept on going until it had smashed a hole clean thru the pyramid.  Then Talicun walked closer to Semses and again whispered,” Why pain your destiny.”
     And as Semses looked up the second orb went right thru his head and thru the pit of fire and deep into the fire pit causing a burst of molten lava to launch out of the hole.  Semses’s body crumbled and fell into the fire pit and burst into flames.
     “ He should have been nicer to me,” said Famaron slyly as he jumped aboard the Portex.
     “ Now we’ve got to find Saseap in this enormous pyramid,” said Ratie nervously as she drove the Portex around the throne and then into the room behind it.
     Inside the orb shaped room there were 7 large golden and silver coffins standing straight up and they were in the pattern of a man lying on his back.  Each coffin had a different verse from Semses’s book,” The secrets in plain sight,” like the verse,” If man be king for a day in his mind, he enslaves all who know him for a lifetime.  But if he gives his patience a warm embrace when a tragedy occurs, he saves all the people who know him then ‘til passing.”  There were 4 large and thick round dark blue rugs with golden triangles surrounding them beneath each of the coffins.  The walls of the room were filled with one continuous painting of the battle of Bowgmir in the time of Torhan.
     The battle of Bowgmir was a 12 million man war between the Posism Beliefs and the Cacob during the reign of king Torhan the 6th.  After a public slight of the then Cacob king Gerg Nay where a Posism Beliefs follower spit in his direction the king Gerg cast a spell on the spot that tore the poor soul to pieces.  Within hours fighting broke out all over and the war continued for 30 years and ended when the Posism Beliefs leader Sorlos was captured and threatened death by having his limbs torn off by 3 Baatolds.  In less than 30 seconds they surrendered and the war was over, but they kept Sorlos in a converted castle turned jail, so that the Posism Beliefs wouldn’t get frisky again.
     Then the Portex came to a stop in the middle of the coffins and Veata asked,” You don’t think Saseap is in those do you?”
     “ In a word, yes, these scoundrels are capable of anything,” said Ohgood as he stepped down off the Portex.
     “ Everyone take a coffin and get it open, please,” said Solcrist sternly as he hurried over to a golden coffin then began trying to open it.
     Solcrist pulled with all his strength and the coffin flew open revealing a decrepit decomposed body of a red haired man holding a silver chalice with a 2 headed red rat inside that popped its head out and snarled at Solcrist and he said loudly,” Oh ghastly, well she’s not in this one.”
     Ohgood opened his with a burst of strength and inside there was a pile of gold coins and diamond rings and Ohgood said happily,” Well she’s not here either, but have the money on Parscan is.”
     “ Keep checking we haven’t much time,” said Famaron fiercely then he kicked open his silver coffin and saw slumped over inside Saseap passed out cold and shouted,” I’ve found her she is here everyone!”
     “ Really,” said Ratie then she and everyone ran over to the coffin.
     Famaron grabbed hold of Saseap and shook her gently and pleaded,” Please, Saseap, please wake up.  Don’t be dead, please don’t be dead.”
     Then Saseap’s left eye blinked and opened slightly and she asked softly,” Why are you shaking me, Famaron?”
     “ Yes you’re alive, look we’ll talk about it later now we must get you out of here,” said Famaron happily as he smiled wildly and helped her to her feet.
     “ Going somewhere?” asked Dukerit snidely as he aimed a Mutters at Famaron.
     Dukerit and another monk with purple hair named Omesk stood behind everyone with their Mutters drawn.
     “ We had thought about it,” said Ohgood calmly as he glared at Dukerit and raised his staff while he thought of an escape plan.
     “ Then think again, child, you’ll never leave here alive,” said Dukerit coldly as he grinned menacingly.
     “ Goverid Apazen!” shouted Ratie quickly as she raised her staff.
     Then a yellow helicopter 4 feet high and 3 feet wide with laser canons on the sides as well as 10 mini heat seeking missiles underneath appeared.  It was being piloted by mini Baatolds that had flame throwers in their hands aimed out the windows.
     “ Everyone scatter!” shouted Solcrist a she ducked behind a coffin while grabbing Veata’s arm and pulling her with him.
     “ What is this treachery?” asked Omesk as he squinted and looked at Dukerit who burst out laughing.
     Meanwhile Famaron and Saseap hurried over behind the Portex and kept their heads ducked.  Ohgood and Ratie jumped inside an open coffin and slammed the door and Ohgood asked sarcastically,” Isn’t this fun?”
     “ Yeah, this and nose punches while I’m sleeping,” said Ratie glumly as she thought about how nervous she was and then asked,” Ohgood, ya know it might have been a dumb idea to close the coffin don’t you think so?”
     “ Why would that be?”
     “ Because there’s no door handle to open it on the inside dum dum,” said Ratie then she let out a sigh.
     “ Well we’re alive,” said Ohgood as he tried to push it open.
     “ In a coffin genius,” said Ratie sharply.
     Outside the coffin the helicopter flew towards Dukerit and then it fired its laser canons and hit him in the left leg below the knee and whipped the smile from his face.  Then it fired its flame thrower at Omesk and burned the hair off the top of his head causing him to scream and frantically try to snuff out the flames with his hands.  Then the Baatold pilot on the left fired a half dozen missiles blowing Dukerit’s gunless hand to pieces and sending blood spraying out as he started to run for his life.
     “ Oh no you don’t,” said Famaron boldly as he saw Dukerit trying to flee so he raised his staff and shouted,” Cormum kovot!”
     Then the floor beneath Dukerit turned into a pit of acid and his feet quickly dissolving into the acid.  He struggle to escape, but the pit grew larger and he quickly melted right up to his waist as he began speaking in tongues.  Omesk saw Dukerit and began shouting incoherently as his head shook from side to side.  Famaron saw this and helped Saseap into the Portex while Solcrist and Veata hurried over.
     “ Wait, where’s Ratie and Ohgood?” asked Veata as she looked around the room.
     “ Ratie, Ohgood the coast is clear!” shouted Famaron as he looked around.
     “ Hey its’ safe let’s run for it,” said Ratie then she began pounding the coffin door.
     Ohgood started hitting it too, but it wouldn’t budge so he said softly,” Stand back would you dear, sister.”
     “ O.K. dear, brother,” said Ratie nervously as she stepped back from the door.
     “  Kepento blows a stiff wind!” shouted Ohgood then he poked the coffin door with his staff.
     Then a burst of fire and wind came out of the staff and blew the coffin door clean off and Ratie said,” A bit much, Ohgood, but nice technique.”
     Then the 2 of them ran out of the coffin and as they did saw Omesk get blasted in the foot by a missile blowing it clean off and sending it 30 feet into the air.
     “ That looks like fun,” said Ratie jokingly as she laughed slightly.
     “ Beats dad’s Porblat pie every birthday,” said Ohgood as he grinned.
     “ Slightly,” said Ratie wryly as she and Ohgood jumped up on the Portex.
     “ Hi, Saseap, It’s great to see you alive,” said Ohgood as he rubbed Saseap’s neck.
     “ Thank you, Ohgood, now please get me out of this horrific place,” said Saseap as she clutched Ohgood tightly.
     Then Ratie spun the Portex around and looked over and saw Omesk getting blown to pieces by the laser canons and shook her head.  Then she drove out of the coffin room and back thru the throne room at blinding speed.  Then they shot out the front of the pyramid and crushed 3 monks who were blocking the door and Ohgood shouted,” Never block the path of an invisible vehicle, It’s poor manners!”






     In the Gamazon forest the Geen were doing a bit of Bundwid gas diving.  Bundwid was a non toxic gas that seeped out of the ground constantly between the trees and if you ran and dove into it you would be lifted 80 feet into the air.  The trick to it was to have a pair of Dowa bird wings attached below your shoulder blades on the small of your back.  The Geen played a game of pass as they were lifted with a rubber Famaron shaped head that was painted to look exactly like him.  They tried to pass the ball from one end of the forest to the other without dropping it and made large wagers over whether they would.  For the Geen the game of Ubab as they called it was an unbelievable thrill to play and watch.
     As Famaron, Ohgood, and Solcrist drove into the heart of the Gamazon inside the Portex, Veata was alerting her people of the situation while Ratie told the Cacob who were still missing their king Lucern.
     “ Isn’t that amazing how they float up in the air like that,” said Famaron softly as he watched 2 dozen Geen playing Ubab.
     There was a continuous swath 50 feet across of trees that had been cut down for 300 miles in a curling pattern, with thousands of Geen houses and castles set up along the way to watch the action.  Young Geen children would run and jump sideways across the course and land on the castle on the other side.  Each of the castles were covered in moss, but some had a red stone used in their towers 
that the moss wouldn’t grow on.  There were beautiful multi colored windows with the shape of a man’s head and had thick gold window frames around them.  At the base of each castle there was a Geen surveying deck which was made from mahogany and had several levels in it accessible by a pulley operated elevator.  On the decks were various computers and holographic video games for the young and old alike.  There was also a Pampute fountain, which was filled with a synthetic water that glowed green and had a statue of Pampute himself.
     Pampute was the acting chieftain of Vertize and was well known to have many girlfriends, but no wives.  He also spawned 26 children, but rarely spent much more than birthdays with any of them.  He had almost total control over the Torest mine’s production as well as the windfall it birthed for the Geen,  He wrote a brief poem about his struggle with Baatold dust it went as such,” A demon can never be seen at a glance, but never a longer look can be found.  I only see the shadow and assume that someone’s there.  I was a man of nevers, but became a friend of who cares.  I know we’ll speak again somewhere soon.”   Pampute was a large Geen of 6’9” and weighed over 450 pounds, but different from many Geen in that he had a halo of red moss around his head and he had square purple eyes that blinked independently of each other.
     “ What in the sex is that?” asked Ohgood as he watched the Geen playing Ubab.
     “ Ubab, son, the Geen play this game constantly.  I tried it once and nearly broke every bone in my body that I needed,” said Famaron honestly as he drove up to a Geen castle and parked the Portex alongside it in an arching garage made from diamonds and platinum staffs with a fluorescent red cloth over the roof of it that had the Geen crest of a fingerless hand trying to pick up a dagger.
     “ Famaron, remember we don’t want to cause a panic, so measures must be taken to tell them without scaring them,” said Solcrist as he stepped down from the Portex.
     “ Understood, I would gather if we could find, this man right here, Pampute, how are you old friend?” asked Famaron as he saw Pampute come out of a small candle shaped door in the castle with a crescent roll in his mouth.
     Pampute smiled then took a bite from the roll and gave Famaron a hug and asked,” It’s a joy to see you, Famaron, but where is the rum?”
     Famaron looked at him for a second then said slyly,” I thought I won the bet.”
     “ Details details come inside and we’ll talk as friends, but I must know your friends,” said Pampute as he looked sternly at Ohgood and Solcrist.
     “ Ohgood, nice to meet you.”
     “ Solcrist, you have a lovely home here.”
     “ Thank you, Ohgood, Solcrist, please come inside,” said Pampute as he walked back towards the stone doorway and then thru and said robustly,” I’m baking a 30 man feast for one lonely soul, no matter friends.”
     Inside the castle there was an elaborate kitchen slash living room with a 50 foot pyramid shaped wood rafter ceiling that had a ball of blue loose radical magic at the top that acted as a window into the goings on of Troitsa and Goep.  The kitchen had a red steel and glass circular pastry oven that only needed the ingredients put into several bins and when you pressed a button it would make the pie or cake you chose and cook it as well in under 2 minutes.  Around the outer walls of the kitchen there was 
a huge blue steel refrigerator built into the wall which kept things cold in one part and other things warm like steak sticks for instance.  The fridge had 7 doors with hundreds of Pampute’s favorite holographic pictures stuck to them with a warm orange light known as Epme.
     In the living room there was a sunken area 3 feet below the rest that was one large continual brown silk couch, with a large marble table in the center that holographic movies and t.v. shows would appear above.  Around the outside were hundreds of large and small robots a like that were in the shape of animals like Baatolds and Sargs and people like Pampute and Famaron himself playing a game of hide and seek.  There were dozens of mini castles and towers set up around the room where the 2 foot robots would hide.  On the walls there were dozens of cubby holes with holographic Geen and Darinvians from years of yore that could actually speak if spoken too.
“ Who’s hungry, I just made a 3 foot long Dowa bird breast and vegetable pie with a thick strawberry glaze?” asked Pampute happily as he walked over and hit a yellow button on the oven then the pie rose up out of it and was set on the top of the stove.
     “ Count me in, I’m dying for a piece of pie just as long as it isn’t moving,” said Ohgood then he licked his lips and stared at the pie.
     “ No, it’s not moving now, but it was when I blasted that Dowa bird.  Goarote what a fine shot that was,” said Pampute as he started to cut the steaming pie into pieces.
     “ Why don’t we all have a bit of pie.  Be a shame to waste it,” said Solcrist warmly as he eyed the pie and nodded.
     “ Agreed, and then we’ll talk of the troubles on Parscan,” said Famaron firmly.
     “ What troubles are those?” asked Pampute anxiously as he grabbed 4 green checkered warm plates from inside a different part of the stove.
     “ Let’s eat first, I’d hate to lay such a burden on you on an empty stomach,” said Famaron as Pampute put a slice of pie on his plate.
     “ Fair enough, here you go, Ohgood, and you, Solcrist.  Now I’ll grab my slice and we’ll head into the living room and eat, oh I almost forgot forks.  Here you go follow me,” said Pampute slowly a she tried to think what Famaron could possibly be thinking of.
     They all sat down and began eating as Pampute put on the war movie,” I died twice for Parscan,” on the holographic projector on the table.  The movie started out with a dozen battleships chasing a lowly Flasher in and amongst the trees in the Badme region.  Then after a couple minutes everyone was done eating and Pampute turned the volume off on the movie and asked,” O.K., Famaron, let me know what is on your mind?”
     “ Well, Solcrist spoke with Goarote and was told that the world of Parscan will be destroyed when a neighboring star system crashes into us,” said Famaron calmly as he looked softly at Pampute.
     “ Really, well I don’t want to cast aspersions on you, Solcrist, but how do you know it really happened and wasn’t an hallucination?” asked Pampute as he raised his left hand and held it there above his plate.
     “ Because we all spoke with Goarote at the same moment and he carried us all to the same place a second later.  This was no hallucination I vouch for him,” said Ohgood plainly then he set down his plate and nodded to Pampute.
     “ As do I, it was said that Solcrist decides who on Parscan lives and who is left behind to die.  He wants all the Geen, as well as the Sandu, Cacob, Plalo, and queen Veata’s subjects are the ones he’s chosen, but the crucial part is the unchosen can’t find out what’s happening or it will be bedlam,” said Famaron warmly as he looked at Solcrist, Ohgood, and then Pampute seriously.
     “ Oh…I see,” said Pampute as he stood up and began to walk up the steps to the rest of the living room then said as he fixed himself a drink in a secret bar in the wall,” I, I know now that what you say is true, but this same truth terrifies me to no end.  Parscan is the only home we Geen have ever been accepted on.  To lose that, to lose it all, there will be a sadness no poet could write of in our hearts for a thousand years.” 
     “ You’re not the only one, we are losing the same only you must realize that Parscan under Baub’s rule will never again be the world we once knew.  He has crippled her heart and it is beyond repair.  Do this, Pampute, spread the word among your people and when they know what’s going to happen and what’s at stake.  Then you contact me by rider not computer or telephone we can’t take the risk of being discovered,” said Famaron and he grimaced slightly.
     “ I, I will do exactly that and I will take every precaution.  How much time do we have?” asked Pampute as he sipped his scotch.
     “ When I leave Parscan shortly thereafter she will be destroyed.  So needless to say I must be the one who leaves last and turns off the lights so to speak,” said Solcrist sternly as he stood up and walked over to where Pampute was standing and then said sternly,” If word leaks out and Baub and his followers start to leave Parscan before us, I’ll have to leave immediately and without reservation.  This is Goarote’s will we’re talking about.”
     “ I understand, you don’t need to worry about the Geen telling any of them.  There isn’t a Geen alive who would shed a tear if the Halbaltic gang, Posism Beliefs or even the Senpond keepers burned to a pile of ash.  They died a long time ago as far as I’m concerned,” said Pampute coldly then he nodded twice and took a sip of his scotch.
     “ Good, then we will leave you now and continue on our mission.  Thank you for the pie, Pampute, it was delicious,” said Solcrist as he walked out of the room.
     “ Thanks,” said Famaron as he waved to Pampute and walked outside to see Ohgood and Solcrist looking up in the sky and he asked,” What’s up, Solcrist?”
     Solcrist just pointed to the sky filled with Baub’s fleet of battleships, Worights, and Flashers and said sadly,” It seems Baub wants to make a bit of war with his own people.  We may be leaving sooner than we thought.”
     “ What on Goarote’s red Parscan is he trying to pull.  Let’s go and find Ratie and Veata before he tries something,” said Famaron as he looked up and started for the Portex.
     Then suddenly the battleships began firing on the far end of Vertize blowing a dozen castles to pieces.  Then out came running Pampute and asked frantically,” What’s happening is it aliens?”
     “ Worse it’s our own ships grab whatever you treasure cause we’re taking you with us!” said Famaron boldly as he watched a battleship blow a hundred Geen to pieces with a laser canon burst.
     “ O.K. just give me one minute!” shouted Pampute then he darted back into the castle.
     “ We should get into the Portex and bring it around front,” said Ohgood sternly as he stared at Famaron.
     Famaron watched as another 100 Geen got hit with a missile as they swam in a pond and then realized what Ohgood had said and turned and said firmly,” Yes, you are right everyone into the Portex.
     “ I wonder if they found out what was going to happen and lost their tempers,” said Solcrist implying a question as he walked beside Famaron towards the Portex.
     “ Maybe, but I highly doubt it.  I think this is just Baub’s evil soul wreaking havoc.  I tell you this thou, he’ll be sorry when the ax falls and it’s his head beneath it,” said Famaron sternly then he saw a ball of fire heading for Solcrist and pushed him out of the way as he shouted,” Look out!”
     Solcrist hit the ground on his back as the fireball flew by and blew up the castle’s garage.  And then Solcrist was helped up by Ohgood and Solcrist asked slyly,” Why do I think that won’t be the last time you save my life dear, Famaron?”
     “ Because we both know there’s a war upon us,” said Famaron plainly as he held Solcrist’s left arm.
     Then Pampute emerged from the castle with an emerald green staff that had a black and white ball with a red pulsing light in the center.  The staff had etchings of Poreverus Shoes all over the sides.
   Poreverus Shoes was the Geen theologian and many considered a prophet.  He assembled a 700 page book that shed light on all the things that unnecessarily shamed people as well as gave them confidence called,” To go and return without taking a step.”  It had a section with 3 sentence descriptions of childhood shame like,” I know nothing all the time and my thoughts on what they want and the other half on pleasing them.  If I were given a moment to make my own mistakes then my body would float higher and higher still into the world of adulthood.”  There was also the one that talked of the first successful steps into the intelligent world that read,” As I once piped up an answer to a trivia question 
when I was ten, now I write the questions that only a few in the moment can respond.  I know now I was not that foolish child all along now it is they who garner my laughter and smile.”  Poreverus moved out of the Geen community in the days following the Conrames directive that stated all Geen must worship the same god or be subject to a fierce bloody beating.
     “ What do you have there, Pampute?” asked Famaron as he looked at the staff.
     “ Our insurance plan, I’m aware you are all wizards, but this staff has been charmed and will give us great strength.  It is called the staff of Garther,” said Pampute proudly as he spun the staff in his hand and grinned.
     “ I’ve heard of this staff I’d like to know more about when you got it, but there isn’t time.  Let us leave here,” said Solcrist as he eyed the staff and jumped into the Portex.
     Everyone else climbed in and Famaron started to drive away from the battleships.  Behind them Vertize was being blown to pieces in a cauldron of fire and smoke, with Geen families running for their lives.  Then a giant laser burst hit 3 feet behind the Portex sending the back end up off the ground 4 feet and Famaron said sternly,” That was a little too close.  Let’s try a different route.”
     Then they drove into the Geen water purification tunnels and the Portex turned into a boat in an instant was spreading down a massive square blue stone tunnel.  There were hundreds of Geen hiding out in the tunnel by lying on their buoyant backs and floating.  The walls of the tunnel had cubby holes every ten feet with small Geen homes built into them with living rooms and bedrooms completely visible as they raced past.  The walls also had openings 10 feet high that led to other tunnels.
     “ we should be safe in here.  The problem is I don’t know where this leads,” said Famaron as he steered around and thru a dozen Geen.
     “ Anything’s better than out there, but if we’re smart we’ll go east so as to steer us towards Veata’s hometown,” said Ohgood as he watched a trio of Geen children doing a traditional Geen folk dance in one of the cubby holes.
     “ Good point,” said Famaron quickly as he looked for a compass on the dashboard. 
     “ It’s left, trust me I know,” said Pampute with a devilish grin as he raised his eyebrows.
     “ I knew there was a reason we brought you, left it is,” said Famaron slyly then he took a left turn into a long round red tunnel and as he did there was a huge explosion behind them. 
     “ That was lucky, we were almost balls of burnt flesh,” said Solcrist as he looked back and saw a huge red flame devouring the tunnel they were just in.
     Inside Famaron’s lead battleship sat Baub, Prasau, and general Orcez Bluntip in a row of large black leather couches on the bridge of the ship.  The room had 6 half humanoid robot half hologram, with their heads being a hologram as well as their clothes.  The robots were silver with ornate wooden panels on their chests and arms that had beautiful wildlife depictions carved into them.  They also had Mutters on either side of them in a tan leather gun belt.  Their holographic faces were of animals and ancient generals like Zamtru’s and the late general Petotion Game.
     Petotion Game was the first Darinvian general to defeat the Moacaum warriors who inhabited Parscan for 170 years after defeating the Darinvian army.  He used a technique known as the,” friend for a day technique,” where all the Darinvians pretended that they’d given up and in to the Moacaum for 70 days and then when they had their confidence they pulled their daggers and killed all of their generals and captains and took their emperor hostage.  Then they told the remaining soldiers to leave Parscan forever, but that their emperor was staying on Parscan for the rest of his life as punishment for their 
occupation of Parscan.  Then the Moacaum left never to return while their emperor Crag Depth went on to marry a Darinvian and spawn 13 children that later became known as the Sandu.  
     The rest of the bridge was filled with round computer monitors and y shaped computer hard drives, as well as 2 dozen holographic projections of all the space around the ship as well as below it.  The floor was covered in a dense black x shaped rug with the Darinvian credo written on it that read,” Why give in when you’re already dead,” in red spotted letters.  There were also a pair of large windows in front of the 3 chairs that rose all the way to the top peak of a 40 foot ceiling.
     “ Roast Geen for supper, what a lovely feast for men of honor and supreme intellect,” said Baub snidely then he let out a giddy laugh as he watched Vertize being destroyed.
     “ This is only the first course tomorrow we’ll dine on queen Veata’s rabble and pick our teeth clean with their bones,” said General Bluntip snidely as he grinned wildly.
     General Bluntip had sandy black long hair that was curly and filled with war medals.  His eyes were a ghostly white and his teeth blood burgundy.  He had a huge bulbous nose that looked like a dagger.  And he was 6’3 and 289 pounds of fighting hell bringer.  He had on a navy blue polyester and corduroy suit with dozens of computer monitors all over the front of his jacket that showed all of his various accomplishments and medals.
     “ She’s had her penance coming for far too many years and soon she’ll know why we disdain her very essence.  Never will she cast her cocky smile my way again,” said Prasau coldly as he gritted his teeth and squeezed a figurine of Famaron.
     “ How long gentlemen do you think it will be before they realize we are ridding Parscan of 3 fifths of her population to make way for our new civilization?” asked Baub as he thought of the new city he would have erected for himself where Pouf used to be.     
     “ They will never realize it if everything goes according to plan.  That, brothers, is the beauty of it, no one will know the depth of our destructive blow until they are all dead or dying.  Then we’ll see how smug their little faces are,” said Bluntip snidely then he pressed a red button on the armrest and an 18 ounce bottle of Mavoit wine rose up out of the chair.
    “ They’re all about to die and they don’t even know it.  Fools steal nickels while leaders steal the minds of the rich.  They will get what they deserve, karma’s a bitch,” said Baub coldly then all 3 of them burst out laughing.
     Meanwhile in Veata’s castle she was telling her loyal subjects the news of Parscan’s fate inside her enormous auditorium that stretched for 1 and a half miles and had row upon row of floating couches made from black silk and filled with feathers from the Dowa bird.  At the top of the auditorium there was a triangular anti gravity platform that hovered above the floor and could propel itself from one end to the other.  On the platform there was a large gold and red felt throne for Veata as well as a pair of black silk chairs for her 2 Acomogada, which were her most powerful commanders under her authority.  There was also a large sound amplifying box on the front of the platform that could send her voice to every corner of the auditorium.  The walls were covered in priceless paintings and family heirlooms like her mother’s golden sunglasses and one of the paintings was of Davpa Jinx the first man to use anti gravity to lift a ship off the ground.  Davpa also sang the song titled,” These stolen moments were taken by thieves,” that dealt with the Eden his life had become when he married his wife Carana and had 17 
children.  The painting showed him surrounded by his entire family with him in the center inside a guillotine eating an apple.         
     Veata stood up and walked to the edge of her platform and said warmly,” As I have just explained we must leave our home here and find a new one as Parscan will be no more.  I see many of you terrified of what the future may hold fear not.  We were glorious friends and people of values here, and this will not change even if our feet make new tracks on untouched sand.  Remember we can have what we had and more you just need to let go of the present and embrace the future.”
     Then Qanac E an old purple and silver haired handsome woman in a pure white silk shawl, red flowing dress of cotton and orange double buckled shoes asked anxiously,” But what can we bring with us all’s I have in this world our my keepsakes and memories?”    
     “ Emperor Venge has said he can get us the ships we need to take all we can carry.  So in answer to your question there will be plenty of room for all of your things, but the memories you must carry between your ears,” said Veata jokingly then everyone laughed.
     “ That is a load off my mind, queen, thank you for clarifying an old woman’s chest of concern,” said Qanac then she started to sit down and stood up and asked,” I have to know if we should expect bloodshed as we flee Parscan from Baub and his minions?”
     “ Qanac, I won’t lie to you if word leaks we’ll be fighting for our lives and we will probably not be victorious.  So I’ll say again, tell no one or it’s your own life you’ll be taking as well as your friends,” said Veata boldly as she looked over the crowd.
     “ Can I ask when we will leave Parscan and go into space, Queen?” asked Qanac nervously as she put her hand to her chest and sighed.
     “ Soon, very soon that is all I can tell you.  When the moment arrives a dozen ships will fill our humble sky and then we will hurry onto them.  This must be done with the greatest of speed or we risk falling under the blade of Baub.  Now my loyal subjects go to your homes and pack with one eye to the skies,” said Veata then the platform flew away.
     Meanwhile Ratie was at the Cacob summer games festival meeting with Trabin outside of Proupit.  There were 7 huge lakes shaped like diamonds formed when the Saltfair river was dammed by Baub.  Most of the homes that had been in those valleys were now mostly covered by water with only a tower or spire poking out of the water.  The Cacob had built a huge floating circus with dozens of games and even a maze for people to enjoy.  It rose up 50 stories and was made entirely from wood and glass.  It had a gradual circular walkway that went from the bottom to the top and made it possible to drive a car right to the top.  There were 60 large marble statues of Cudibudies in and around the whole structure.
     Cudibudies were a line of children’s furry robots based on the T.V. show of the same name.  On the show each of the Cudibudies worked together to create great works of art as well as keep the people of Venben, where they lived, safe from the evil Caplo army that lived in the ground beneath them.  Each of the 60 Cudibudies were a different color and bore a resemblance to either a creature like a Baatold or a famous person from the past like the famous barber Vomen P. Torio.  The dolls were also robots and could be told to do over 200 tasks.
     At the top of the structure there was a 250 foot wide deck and swimming pool in the shape of king Lucern.  Around the outside of the pool were wooden chairs covered in thick tied on cushions that would rotate out of the floor when you pressed a button.
     Ratie and Trabin rode up the massive structure on a Solisva heading for the top on the walkway.  They darted in and out of the many Cacob children and soon after a few minutes were there.  They parked the Solisva and Trabin asked warmly,” Are you hungry or thirsty I could have food brought?”
     “ A bit yeah, could I get an Orcut wafer and a glass of Dowa’s blood” asked Ratie as she looked out over the landscape and grinned.
     “ You got it, just give me a second to punch in your order,” said Trabin then he pressed a pair of buttons on the armrest of one of the deck chairs and then asked brightly,” Alright it’s taken care of.  Now why did you want to speak with king Lucern?”
     “ It’s a very important matter I must speak with him first before I can tell you.  Do you know when he’ll be back?” asked Ratie nervously as she wondered if she should just tell Trabin or wait.
     “ I can’t say, what I mean is we don’t know.  I was with him searching for the emperor when he sent me back and continued looking by himself.  He said he wouldn’t return without the emperor,” said Trabin as he looked off into the distance.
     “ The emperor, I know exactly where Famaron is,” said Ratie boldly as she looked at Trabin wide eyed.
     “ What, where is he is he alive?” asked Trabin in disbelief as he stared at Ratie.
     “ Yes he’s alive, he’s in the Geen city of Vertize.  Look, Trabin, is there any way to contact king Lucern its’ urgent?”
     “ Ah…yes his cell ring it has an emergency line, but we would have to find a…royal alert computer…I…I think there’s one at the food stand right there behind it follow please,” said Trabin quickly then he stood up and walked hurriedly over to the food stand that was 15 feet down the walkway. 
     Then he went around behind the square box that had a silver computer on top with black keys and a food dispenser on the front, with steak sticks and Bamshi meatballs which were made from Ormu meat and a rare ancient cheese that gave people a rush.  Behind the snack box there was a yellow 4 inch metal and plastic oval shaped phone with a holographic touch pad.  Trabin grabbed it and instantly a holographic mountain appeared with king Lucern at the base.
     “ I can see him now he’ll get my flare momentarily,” said Trabin as he pressed the touch screen on the picture of king Lucern.
     Then King Lucern saw his ring pulse then a hologram of Trabin appeared in front of his hand and Lucern asked,” What is it, Trabin, and it had better be important?”
     “ I’ve found the emperor, I’m with someone who has spoken with him.  She says he is in the Geen city of Vertize and he is alive and well,” said Trabin happily as he grinned.
      Lucern looked around at the sheer mountain he was standing next to and almost fainted as he thought of his friend Famaron.  Then he reached out and steadied himself with his right hand against the mountain.  He began to weep as his chest grew heavy and then he looked at Trabin and said softly,” Trabin, that’s the best news there is.  I can’t I can’t tell you how that makes me feel.   What I want you to do is let me speak with this friend of Famaron’s immediately.”
     “ She’s right here one second,” said Trabin gleefully as he handed Ratie the phone and then said,” He wants to talk with you.”
     “ Hello, Lucern, it’s Ratie how have you been?” asked Ratie with a warm smile as she looked at Lucern.
     “ Ratie how did you get mixed up in all this?”
     “ It’s a long story, look I have something to tell you it’s about Parscan.  I just you ah…we’ve found out she’s going to be destroyed by a catastrophe, Goarote himself told my friend of this.  So I’m here to let you know that you have to spread the word thru your people, but you can’t let anyone else know or it will be a massive free for all,” said Ratie honestly as she rubbed her forehead and ran her fingers thru her hair.
     “ I believe you, Ratie, you wouldn’t lie not about this.  Here’s what I’ll do…I can be back to Proupit in 3 hours once I arrive I’ll tell my people the bad news.  Wait for me, Ratie, if you can,” said Lucern sternly as his mind raced thru feelings of pain and hope.
     “ I’m sorry, but I have to go to see the Sandu it’s very urgent could you meet me at Dornoa’s castle?” asked Ratie sincerely as she smiled mischievously as Lucern.
     “ I’m on my way,” said Lucern then he started to run back to his ship.
     Meanwhile Famaron, Solcrist, Ohgood and Pampute were racing thru a carpeted round tunnel filled with Geen artifacts on their way to Veata’s castle.  The artifacts were mostly gold statues and diamond jewelry, but there was also tens of thousands of ancient staffs used by the Crusading Embelet, a pack of 50 Geen wizards who went on a massive killing spree after a Geen woman was raped by a Darinvian sheriff after a long night of drinking.  The Crusading Embelet was forced underground after their violent tirade until nary a word had been heard from them in 2 centuries.
     “ There’s something up ahead in the tunnel.  It’s some kind of red light be prepared!” yelled Famaron as he tried to discern what it was.
     Then they rode closer and it appeared to be a group of men standing around a glowing statue of the Crusading Embelet wizards.  Then as they got close the men turned around to face them and Mahamet Pones raised his staff and glared at Famaron.
     Mahamet Pones had silver eyes with tiny Baatolds in red around the pupil.  His skin was blue with the occasional black letter s.  His head was shaped like a large egg that jutted out in the back with thick curly seal black hair that was all combed forward and looked like a spear in the front.  His nose looked like a sack of coins that had been tied to his forehead.  He had a red tattoo below each eye of a fist holding a large dagger.  He was 5’9” and thinly built.  He was wearing a thick tan robe with a brown choker around his neck.  He also had on a Morshito bracelet on his left hand.  He also had on a pair of silver sneakers he had made himself from stolen leather.
     “ You will go no further infidels!” thundered Mahamet as he stood with his seal black staff that had a pulsing red round diamond at the top.
     “ We aren’t here to harm you.  We were just trying to get to queen Veata’s castle,” said Famaron softly as he kept his eyes on the other wizards then looked at Mahamet and nodded.
     “ No, emperor, you have stumbled upon the Crusading Embelet’s hideout.  We can’t let you leave here alive or our secret will be exposed.  So get your soul ready for the rapture,” said Mahamet snidely as a sinister smile swept across his face.
     “ My soul isn’t ready, but I can see yours are,” said Famaron coldly then in a quick motion raised his staff and shouted,” Shieldis torabe kick!”
     Then a dome of red and yellow fire encircled Mahamet and his fellow wizards.  Mahamet laughed and raised his staff and shouted,” Cornacup be wise!”
     Then the dome was stretched by a giant pair of red hands with yellow talons that began pushing it towards Famaron.  Solcrist saw this and raised his staff and shouted as he stepped forward,” Your blood be leftor!”
     Then a 15 foot tall solid blue rock ball appeared in front of the Dome and as the dome passed over the stone suddenly it sprouted arms and legs and square stone man’s head came out of the rock.  Then a hammer came out of the center of it that was made from yellow lava.  The stone man grabbed the hammer and said coldly,” None of you will draw another righteous breath!”
     Then the stone man hammered one of the wizards and burnt a canal right from the top of his head and out thru his waist.  What was left of him fell to the ground in a bloody heap.
     “ That should hold them a while, but what do we do now?” asked Ohgood as he watched another wizard get his hands melted away by the hammer.
     Famaron looked around and saw there was a tunnel entrance up on the left and said,” Right up there on the side looks like it will keep us moving forward.”
     “ Omane stealin’ dishes!” shouted Mahamet as he waved his staff and avoided the hammer.
     Then a red wave of sound, light, and pure unyielding explosive power blew the dome to pieces and sent the stone man flying over Solcrist’s head.
     “ We need to fight boys,” said Ohgood and then he shouted,” The sickle of sane!”
     Then a pair of 8 foot tall sand soldiers with blue red laser chainmails.  They also had grenade belts around their waists as well as 10 shot Mutters.  Then the 2 sand soldiers began to run at the wizards with their chainmails swirling above their heads.  Mahamet saw this and cast a whisper spell under his breath and was absorbed by the ground beneath him in an instant.
     Whisper spells were shape shifting spells that only required a soft whisper and a thought and you become anything from a fleck of dust to a small statue.
     The sand soldiers swung and hit a pair of wizards throwing one of them into the right wall without his arms.  And the other’s head was severed from his body.
     “ Everyone in the Portex, we’re gonna make a break for it,” said Famaron sternly as he jumped inside the Portex.
     “ This is so sick,” said Ohgood happily as he watched the Malay then climbed into the Portex.
     “ But who’s got the medicine?” asked Solcrist coldly as he climbed in.
     In front of the Portex wizards were being killed left and right.  The sand soldiers threw a pair of grenades into the crows of wizards and an instant later a ring of white light came out of them as they exploded killing ten of the wizards and sending the remaining 5 flying into the walls.
     “ Here’s our chance,” said Famaron boldly then he floored it towards the other tunnel. 
     Then up out of the tunnel floor rose Mahamet in a whirl of blinding lights and balls of green fire.  He raised his staff and shouted,” The depths of sanctity are Plorac!”
     Then on either side of the Portex appeared two 9 foot tall Mamois clowns with long bats that had dense uncontrolled magic on the tips that would tear apart your DNA as well as shatter your bones if it hit you.  They also had flowers on their chests that would fire lasers if you got too close.  Their red rubber noses had the ability to shoot you like a canon ball.
     “ Mamois clowns, watch out for the flowers on their chests and the tip of those bats is no picnic either,” said Famaron boldly as he steered the Portex around Mahamet and past the other wizards.
     “ The scerge once poured!” shouted Ohgood as he ducked the Mamois’s bat.
     Then a dozen 3 foot tall white robed flying gargoyles appeared with long black swords in their hands.  The gargoyles began fighting the clowns by stabbing them in the back.  Then the clowns batted 2 of the gargoyles simultaneously hitting them with the tips of their bats.  This caused them to explode into tiny purple pellets.
     “ Here’s our turn,” yelled Ohgood as he watched the clowns.
     “ Got it,” said Famaron flatly as he steered into the new tunnel.
     The walls of this tunnel were covered in a thick blue and gold royal carpet.  It had the crest of Veata on it every 10 feet inside a large gold circle.
     “ That’s Veata’s crest, now we’re making progress.  If we could just shed these clowns already,” said Famaron then he began swerving side to side.
     The gargoyles began stabbing the clowns in the back of the head and with one long thrust went thru one clown’s head and into the driver seat of the Portex cutting open Famaron’s left shoulder.  He 
winced in pain and jerked the steering wheel almost crashing the Portex into the wall, but veering back at the last second and crushing one clown and 5 gargoyles into flat slabs of flesh.     
     “ Nice work, there’s only one left, Famaron!” yelled Ohgood enthusiastically as he grinned and patted Famaron’s hurt shoulder.
     “ Easy, I’m in a bit of pain here this blood isn’t a form of jam,” said Famaron angrily as he gritted his teeth.
     “ Sorry I wasn’t thinking,” said Ohgood nervously as he grinned at Solcrist who just shook his head no and laughed.
     “ There’s an opening up ahead, but we really need to lose this clown.  Solcrist, fire off a spell I can’t cast on and drive,” said Famaron sternly as he drove with one hand and put pressure on his wound with the other.
     “ I agree, you should never drive and use magic at the same time, I learned that lesson the hard way in Pouf, but nevermind,” said Solcrist honestly then he shouted,” Eggcak pon for driving!”
     Then 9 robotic Dowa birds appeared above the Portex and dive bombed with their yellow talons out.  They careened into the clown and knocked him almost off except for 3 fingers still holding the Portex.  Then a gargoyle chopped down with his sword and sliced off the clowns 3 fingers, causing the clown to spiral off into the wall where the Dowa’s tore him to shreds.
     “ I didn’t like that clown’s act too political for my tastes,” said Ohgood slyly then he frowned and threw up his hands.
     “ Yeah too many screw the government jokes.  Guys like that eat too many paint chips.  I’ll tell ya what thou,” said Famaron jokingly as he raised his right eyebrow.
     “ What thou?” asked Ohgood cautiously as he fought back a smile.
     “ He dies like a big city clown, ya know with an air of dignity.  The country clowns flail their arms and curse the sun, but that guy he accepted that he was now a heap of flesh on the ground, I wanted to say it, now it said,” said Famaron sarcastically then he fish hooked his cheek with his thumb and it made a popping sound.
     “ I agree clowns like that are hard to find.  I saw one die once in a potato masher, yelled and screamed the whole time.  I’ll tell you what I don’t know,” said Ohgood slowly as he looked sternly at Famaron and Solcrist who was laughing loudly.
     “ What’s that?” asked Solcrist in between laughs.
     “ I don’t know how a clown finds the humor in life, but not death.  A grand teller of chortles and gags should always be right on the edge of laughter even with a long spike in his head.  I mean it, I nice it, I thrice it, Gaudeloop,” said Ohgood jokingly as he kept a straight face and looked fiercely at Famaron and Solcrist who were dying laughing.
     Then they emerged from the tunnel and drove up a spiral piece of tunnel and then out into the center of Badawos beneath a large wooden statue of Veata.
     “ That was easy,” said Ohgood sarcastically as he looked around for Veata.
     “ Will wonders always seize to dismay me.  Alright then let’s head for the castle and hope she’s there,” said Famaron then he rode around a corner into Sepu square.
     “ Trust me old boy, she’s there I have no doubt of this fact as I can see her standing in front of it as we speak, look,” said Solcrist then he pointed to Veata in front of the castle helping a small boy button his shirt and parting his hair.
     Then they drove over in front of Veata and stopped and Famaron smiled and asked slyly,” I heard the world was coming to an end do you know a good steak restaurant to ride it out in?”
     Veata smiled and said slyly,” I wouldn’t tell you where it is for the fear the emperor might show up, but I’ve plenty of leafy salads in my humble bomb shelter.”
     Then Ohgood asked,” Did you see Baub is beginning to destroy the Geen city of Vertize?”
     “ What, you’re joking?” asked Veata in disbelief as she caressed the young boy’s cheek.
     “ Unfortunately no, he’s gone on the rampage.  What we’ll have to do is find Ratie and get those ships from the war vessel shipyard as soon as possible, because he could very well be heading here next,” said Famaron quickly then he scanned the sky.
     “ Well I’ve already told my people what is happening and they are packing their things so we will be ready to leave.  Now I thought Ratie was supposed to meet us back here right?” said Veata implying a question.
     “ Ah yes, but we may not be able to wait look in the distance there,” said Famaron as he pointed and then said,” It looks like a dozen battleships coming this way.”
     “ I see them, oh no I’ll have to tell my people to flee to the mountain castle Bearun.  Give me a moment,” said Veata boldly then she walked over to a large black marble stage and took the 
microphone from a band that was performing and said sternly,” My people a great enemy is approaching.  I need you to grab what you must and leave here immediately for my castle Bearun.  Once you are there wait for me to return with the ships to take us from here.  Please run to your homes it is urgent my friends!”
     Then every person in Badawos ran into their homes and grabbed what they had planned to take when they left Parscan.  After a few minutes they were ready and began fleeing the city on Solisva’s and Flashers as well as large jeeps and trucks that could hover over the ground.  Veata ran into her castle and grabbed her staff and the documents of her blood line, as well as her box of Demacio crystals and raced out towards the front.
     Demacio crystals had a lump of old magic at their centers that gave the crystal the ability when thrown to create portals thru solid rock, steel, or even marble.  This was needed when someone had you cornered and there was no way out.
     Famaron had the Portex backed up in front of the castle.  Veata came running out with her possessions in hand and Famaron ran over to her and said boldly,” I can help you with these.”
     “ Thank you, I can see the ships they’re almost here we must hurry,” said Veata anxiously as she loaded her things into the Portex and kept an eye on the battleships.
     Then suddenly missiles and laser blasts hit the far end of the city destroying several statues of Veata.  Veata jumped in the Portex and took one last look at Badawos and thought to herself how beautiful it always was in her youth.
     “ we’re burning the horizon hold on!” said Famaron boldly then they tore down the road.
     Behind them Ohgood saw a laser blast vaporize 30 people in an instant.  Then a dozen missiles hit Veata’s castle and destroyed the front half of it sending a plume of smoke into the air.  Then the Flashers flew into the city and began picking off the few remaining people one by one.
     “ Hey wait ah minute, what about Ratie.  She’s supposed to meet us here?” asked Ohgood sternly as he looked at Solcrist then Famaron.
     “ She’ll have to use her wits and common sense.  Trust me she is very wise.  At the very least she’ll try to call the Portex which reminds me we should try to call her.  Let’s get a good distance from here first,” said Famaron as he drove the Portex out of Badawos and into the Carnmo country.
     Carnmo’s were a black hand shaped vegetable that tasted like apple crisp.  They grew on 20 foot high red and turquoise spotted stalks that had blue liquid oozing from them called Pasotic, which was used as a form of nectar for the wildlife.
     The Carnmo stalks went for 50 miles in one direction due west and were in thick bunched rows with the base of each stalk being made up of orange balls.  The Devers road snaked thru the Carnmo fields heading up a steep hill that had dozens of blue marble round castles on it known as Bamperots.  Bamperot was like a tiny city with 16 sometimes 17 generations of Corpion families lived there for centuries.
     The Corpion were a people of wealth as they originally had run a huge diamond mine.  After centuries of mining the small community took their money and bought a large piece of land outside of Badawos.  Although the 2 peoples lived side by side the Corpion never spoke to the people of Badawos as they thought they were beneath them.  The patriarch of the Corpion was Mahey Doeru a gregarious 
pompous windbag who believed his wealth gave him the right to look down on a or even kill anyone he wanted.  Many a missing person’s case seemed to always lead back to him even though it could never be proven.  He said once to a Geen reporter,” If I had wanted friends on Parscan I would have bought their mother’s wombs.  I always liked enemies better per say.  At least if they bothered you their death wouldn’t weigh heavy on your mind.”
     As Famaron drove past a pair of 100 foot high Bamperots on either side of the road he reached over and grabbed his staff.  Then he pressed a blue metallic button on it and a pack of cigarettes rose out of it and he said slyly,” Sorry, the stress and all.”
     “ You could at least share,” said Veata as she gave Famaron a stern look.
     “ Of course everyone gets one,” said Famaron as he took out 4 cigarettes then out his in his mouth and gave the rest to Veata.
     “ I’ll try calling Ratie on the built in holographic phone on the Portex.  It might not work with her Solisva’s communicator,” said Ohgood as he punched in the number and then nothing happened and he said sadly,” I’m not getting anything, boy that really bites.”
     Then Veata looked back at Badawos and it was in ruins and engulfed in flames.  Then she saw a Flasher coming their way and shouted,” We’ve got company, Famaron!”
     Then Ohgood and Solcrist looked back and Solcrist said sharply,” I will handle this, but get us into the Carnmo field quickly, Famaron,” and then Solcrist raised his staff and shouted,” Dreremto draonis tear the sky to pieces!”
     Then a red skinned purple headed dragon appeared with a long black sword in both its hands.  The dragon flew right at the Flasher and as it did the Flasher began firing laser bursts at it.  Meanwhile Famaron drove the Portex into the Carnmo stalks and began driving down a parallel row to the road, but as they did a black triangular barn appeared in front of them.
     “ This’ll be fun,” said Famaron sarcastically then they drove into the barn and past 3 Corpion woman who were pilling Carnmo’s and drinking coffee.  The women were raven haired and had on long green silk dresses.  Famaron smiled nervously and waved to the women as they raced by, but the women stared at him in shock.  Then the Portex rode up a ramp and launched out the other side of the barn.  They landed on top of a wagon filled with Carnmo’s and crushed them to pieces.  Then they righted themselves and continued on then Ohgood said slyly,” I like farming.”
     The dragon got blasted in the shoulder by the Flasher and blew off a chunk of its flesh, but the dragon shot a ball of fire from its mouth and burned the right wing in half.  Then the Flasher righted itself and shot the dragon’s foot with a laser burst blowing its toes to pieces.
     “ It looks like the dragon has slowed them up.  I think we should head for the main road it’s the only way to get to the Gamazon forest and get Ratie,” said Veata as she looked at the dragon then Famaron.
     “ You got it, hold on,” said Famaron boldly then he took a hard left turn and started running over Carnmo’s left and right.
     Several Carnmo’s fell into the Portex so Ohgood grabbed one and took a bite and then sighed and said slyly,” I love Portex service and I love you Carnmo,” said Ohgood as he kissed the Carnmo and then hugged it.
     “ I was never that hungry,” said Solcrist firmly as he looked at Ohgood sternly.
     “ Don’t pay attention to him Carnmo, he doesn’t know our love he’s old and almost dead.  Our love is only just beginning,” said Ohgood softly as he kissed the Carnmo and then bit into it again and said brashly,” Hey, Famaron, run into a wine tree I’m thirsty.”
     Meanwhile the dragon pulled back its sword and swung it at the Flasher and split it in half sending the pilots plummeting to the ground as the ship burst into flames.  Then Famaron jumped a small ditch and landed on the main road and said,” I thought I left you here.”






     Inside Famaron’s quarters sat Baub, Prasau, and Baub’s mistress Joclink Perrom.  The room was 800 feet long and 700 feet wide.  It had dozens of popular games set up throughout it like Steel dreams and Trambelon Friends.
     Steel Dreams was a 20 foot long and wide holographic room where you could try and solve a mystery with you as the foil for the criminal Berain.  The floor on the room could move in any direction giving the feeling you were living in a different world as well as the lifelike holograms.
     Trambelon Friends was another small room where your mission was to befriend one of the holographic people and convince them to start a new gang that would rob people’s homes and businesses.  The game also gave you an assortment of weapons and clothing to create realism.
     In the center of the room there was a small living room with a pair of semi circle black felt couches that had a white computer consul in each armrest.  They were facing one another with a pop up food dispenser that was gold and had red glass windows in front of the various plates of meals from a meat and potato square that was filled with an ancient ketchup called Tormani.  To Alfredo pasta skewers that were covered in a layer of Zamtru skin that held them together.  Beside each couch was a liquor 
dispenser that would raise whatever kind you wanted up out of the floor with a touch of a button.  Coming down from the ceiling was a hologram of the devastation outside.
     Joclink Perrom had long flowing blonde hair that went down her back like a rush of water.  Her eyes were light green and very wide eyed.  She was extremely elegant with long slender arms and legs and an ample bosom.   She had on a white lace dress that had dozens of red triangles with 8’s inside in a spiral from the bottom to the top.  She also had on Henergy black 6 inch heels, which used an anti gravity wave to ease the stress of each step.  Around her neck there was a thin sliver necklace with only the words,” I savor,” on it.
     Baub and Joclink were cuddling on one couch while Prasau sat smoking a red Endo cigarette on the other.
     Endo were made from a rare nicotine found in dragon’s skin and smoked twice as long as a normal one.
     “ Baub, this is perfect purpose if you ask me.  I can’t believe the heaven I’m in right now.  Look at them run for their lives, glorious!” said Prasau boldly as he stared at Veata’s people running for their lives on the edge of the Pentair river in the outskirts of the Geen region.
     A battleship fired a sparkling Silwo bomb at the Geen and millions of 3 inch brain scrambling stars rained down on the Geen.  As they were hit it cranked their brains up to a thousand times normal speed and they began ranting and raving and beating each other to death.  Thousands of Geen were bloodied and dying in and around the river as Parank birds began descending on them and eating them alive.
     Parank birds were 3 winged orange and black stripped 5 foot long birds, with enormous claws and long fangs.  Their eye was as large as half their head and slowly moved as it scoped out prey.  They also had a 1 foot long jagged beak that was razor sharp and looked like it was smiling sinisterly.
     “ There are days of triumph and years of glory, but never a moment of sheer indescribable revenge until 2 breaths ago.  Prasau, this is only the gentle slap, the crushed skulls will soon follow for the ungrateful inhabitants of Parscan.  Look at their prideful faces as their destroyed, such melody rarely sings so true,” said Baub snidely then he French kissed Joclink and grinned.
     Then the Flashers began pouring a stream of white hot lava down on the Geen from a spell cast by a Plalo who’d jumped sides.  The Geen were reduced to large puffs of black smoke and ash.  The Geen children were not spared and received the same fate.
     “ Who’s going to be next on the revenge trip, Baub, my lover?” asked Joclink greedily as she rubbed his chest and purred.
     “ Everyone, they’ve all let me down.  And Poppa don’t give second chances to the disease infecting our dear Parscan.  The world’s gone blind with treachery and I’m just purging the sightless horde of its failings.  In a few days the last of ignorant house guests will be what they always were,” said Baub boldly as he watched a Geen family’s red Solisva being blown to pieces and an old woman getting her torso blown in half.
     “ Which is handsome?” asked Joclink in a sultry voice as she kissed Baub’s cheek and then his neck softly. 
     “ Dead or dying or stupidity from their first gasps out of the womb.  When it’s over, and I mean over…only those souls of my choosing will be granted permission to breathe.  Parscan needs a keeper to 
rid her of the clinging flesh stealers.  And she doesn’t have to ask once,” said Baub coldly as he glared at the hologram of a trio of Geen being run over by a Flasher and then smiled.
     “ We owe them at least that.  Their empty minds clutter up the lives of the truly thoughtful.  I think what I’ll like the most is when the roadways and skyways are no longer cluttered with their cheap worn down vehicles.  Just the idea that they can live that way repulses me to no end,” said Prasau snidely as he smoked.
     “ I like classic ships and Solisva’s I think you’re too picky,” said Joclink brightly as she grinned at Prasau.
     Baub and Prasau looked at her angrily and then let out sighs.  Then Baub stood up and walked over and grabbed a long black iron sword that lit on fire along the blade as he raised it up.  Prasau and Joclink were watching him wondering what he was doing all of the sudden.  Then Baub began swirling the sword around his head and in front of his body at blinding speed and grunting as he did.  Then he lunged forward and chopped the head off a red clay statue at the entrance to the Steel Dreams game.  Then he jumped and did a flip and sunk the blade deep into the red marble floor.  Then Prasau and Joclink began clapping and Prasau asked boldly,” Outstanding, Emperor, where did you learn that?”
     “ Too many lonely nights as a boy I must confess.  The blade still gives me the power it once did thankfully,” said Baub as he looked down the shaft of the blade and thought of his mother Mucast and remembered her laughing uproariously as he practiced his swordsmanship on unsuspecting pumpkins and Penpams, which were a green donut shaped melon that was 2 feet wide and tasted like filet mignon.  Blow after blow made her laugh harder and harder at her 7 year old son’s skill and accuracy that shocked her.
     “ Gee, Baub, you’re like one of those heroes on the show Glow Beads.  Ya know where the evil doctor keeps trying to kill the population by poisoning the food supply and changing the weather to create giant storms.  You’re like him I says,” said Joclink happily as she nodded her head and smiled at Baub.
     “ Yes, Joclink, just like that.  DO you think you could come over here for a second I want to show you a new trick I learned.  C’mon I won’t  hurt you a bit,” said Baub honestly as he put the blade’s tip to the floor slowly.
     “ O.K., but don’t try any rough stuff ‘cause I’m fierce and fiery to my enemies,” said Joclink jokingly as she rubbed her nose with her fists and then punched the air in front of her.
     “ I wouldn’t dream of it my sweet.  Now hurry over here,” said Baub as he watched Joclink walk slowly over to him with her fists up and a smile on her face.
     “ O.K., Baub, you promised me a new trick and it better be good or it’s a sad day for you, mister,” said Joclink playfully then she grabbed Baub’s butt and kissed his lips.
     Then Baub raised the blade and the fire pushed Joclink back and she let out a sigh.  Then he began spinning the blade in his hands and then said,” O.K. first I’ll start out with a couple spins like this.  Then I’ll start to juggle it like this,” said Baub warmly as he tossed the sword spinning up into the air and caught it with the other hand then tossed it back.
     “ I like it nice moves, hun,” said Joclink happily as she watched in awe.
     Then Baub threw the blade straight up high in the air and did a double backflip and caught it and then he looked at Joclink and said happily,” Nice huh, and then I do this.”
     Then Baub violently swung the sword and decapitated Joclink sending her head flying into the food dispenser with a burst of blood as her body fell in a quick motion to the floor with a geyser of blood coming out of her neck and then Baub said coldly,” See that’s my best sword trick.  Would you care to see it again?  What’s that you’re too busy being dead, o.k. just go ahead and lay there limp.  I’ve got a world to rule over and an episode of Glow Beads to watch.  Thanks for the heads up!” thundered Baub then he buried his sword in her chest and glared at Prasau who looked away instantly.
     Prasau was filled with terror, but he knew he couldn’t say a word or risk death.  He filled his mind with thoughts of a road race he won when he was a child and focused on that feeling of joy as Baub brushed past him. 
     Meanwhile on the outer edges of the Gamazon forest rode Ohgood, Famaron, and Veata down a thin red water river called PLeeding Flow as they searched for Ratie.  The banks of the river had hundreds of wooden 5 and 6 story huts with the Sandu people milling about and enjoying the sunshine.  There were dozens of Sandu children using mini egg shaped subs that they could stay underwater indefinitely due to the air filtration system in the outer shell of the green metal ship to dive again and again for Ivruot eggs.
     Ivruot eggs were a species of lizard that had deevolutioned back into a half fish by spawning gills and losing its legs.  They had dark yellow star shaped eyes and a red belly filled with random numbers all over it.  The eggs of the Ivruot were dark blue in color and rectangular in shape.  When you cooked an Ivruot egg in a frying pan while it was still in its shell it caused the baby Ivruot inside to grow 5 times larger and then the shell would burst and you had a long thick Ivruot steak.  It was so delicious most Sandu people had their children searching for the eggs every day.
     “ She could be anywhere, even in one of these huts.  How are we ever going to find her?” asked Veata as she scanned the shoreline.
     “ Just ask, someone like Ratie would stand out here and someone would have definitely seen her.  How about we ask that young woman over there on that deck?” asked Famaron as he pointed to the woman.
     The woman had tan skin and long curly red hair that had a dozen Ivruot eggs tied into the hair.  She was wearing a multi colored sun dress and a pair of blue Portore sneakers as well as a shimmering gold necklace.  Her name was Go’rout Antie. 
     Famaron drove over to the shore and Ohgood asked,” If Ratie was here why aren’t the Sandu getting ready to leave?”
     “ Because they don’t care about possessions.  When the ships arrive they’ll just hop aboard and be done with it,” said Famaron as he steered the Portex onto a patch of lush green grass in between 2 large 6 story huts.
     “ Be careful, Famaron, they may not have spoken with her at all.  She could have been captured,” said Solcrist as he stood up and exited the Portex.
     “ Good point, I’ll keep it vague for vague’s sake,” said Famaron slyly as he walked towards Go’rout and then smiled and asked,” Could I ask you if you’d seen a friend of mine?”
     “ Emperor, you are very handsome in person,” said Go’rout in a sultry voice as she smiled wildly.
     “ Thank you most people don’t know how to give the right compliment…”
     “ Uh hem,” said Solcrist sternly as he interrupted Famaron and gave him a stern look.
     “ Ah right, our friend Ratie is a Darinvian woman about yee high and kinda weird looking have you seen her?” asked Famaron firmly as he nodded and smiled.
     “ Ratie, yes she warned us of the end of…I don’t know if I should tell you,” said Go’rout anxiously as she looked at everyone.
     “ we already know about the end of Parscan,” said Famaron quickly as he put his hands on Go’rout’s shoulders.
     “ Oh o.k. then she’s up at Dornoa Jems castle on the north side of the Gamazon forest.  Would you like me to show you?” asked Go’rout brightly.
      “ Yes, we would why don’t you ride over with us, hop in,” said Famaron then everyone hurried into the Portex.
     Then they rode north thru the labyrinth of Sandu homes and castles made from wood and steel.  The homes were shaped like famous children’s heroes like Toma the Sarg and Zamtru the Laughter who had a round head with several decks on it for his miniature family the Laughter siblings.  The Sandu had a childlike innocence that carried over into all their daily lives.  All of their homes were filled with dozens of games and most had a full size maze inside with plenty of secret rooms.  The tops of their homes always had a holographic image of their entire family doing different things like flying and somersaults.
     “ This world you’ve created is wondrous, I’m truly enjoying this a lot,” said Veata softly as she looked at a Sandu castle as they rode down a narrow alley between the homes.
     “ Thank you it makes sense to us to live like this.  It gives us hope for the goodness in us all.  Oh take a left here and follow it to the end.  That will lead us to your friend Ratie and by the way I am Go’rout, said Go’rout happily as she extended her index finger as was their custom.
     “ Hi, Go’rout, Veata Famaron as you already know and Ohgood is the odd looking one,” said Veata slyly then she tasseled Ohgood’s hair.
     “ I take my oddness very seriously.  Only few have tapped its power, Go’rout, maybe you will cross over into my realm,” said Ohgood in a sinister voice as he stared at his hands.
     “ I would like that, Ohgood, as long as I get to cook you dinner while I’m there,” said Go’rout playfully as she smiled.
     “ Well, it’s not the best offer I’ve received, but I’ll consider it,” said Ohgood sarcastically then he gave Go’rout a stern look and a nod and extended his index finger.
     Go’rout grabbed it and shook it and laughed and then said cockily,” I don’t just offer to cook for anyone he should know I’m deeply feeling for you.”
     “ I know it’s been my curse with woman all my life.  It’s been hard to take, but I just soldier on and pray for the strength to survive it,” said Ohgood sarcastically as he pretended to tear up.
     Go’rout laughed and then put her arm around him and said sarcastically,” I can see how painful it must be for you.  Maybe I’ll bake a special pie with a chocolate center too, at least give you a moments worth of joy in this terrible world you’re living in.”
     “ Well it’s hard, Goarote knows I’ve tried some days I think is it worth it.  And then a hand reaches out and rubs my shoulder and says Ohgood, you are the best of us even if you’re an idiot.  So yes I’d love to 
have dinner with you,” said Ohgood then he looked up to the sky and pretended to grab an apple and handed it to Go’rout.
     “ I see the castle up ahead, let’s hold off on that dinner,” said Famaron sternly as he drove down a gentle slope and then he drove into a tunnel.
     The tunnel was triangular in shape and had 30 pictures of Dornoa’s life in order from birth to now as the tunnel led to a garden in front of the castle.  The castle itself was half a mile high and made from a dark brown mahogany.  It had the shape of a suit of armor lying flat on the ground with hundreds of black and red spires popping up in the pattern of Dornoa himself, each of which was 50 feet across and rose up into the clouds.  There were numerous green Flashers flying around the castle that were the Sandu people’s personal air force.  There was a pair of orange waterslides that started at the top of one spire and ran the whole 2 miles length of the castle and had hundreds of people sliding upon them. 
     “ If this isn’t the place then someone else thinks they’re king,” said Famaron jokingly as he looked at the enormous castle thru a glass window in the tunnel.
     “ Trust me there is but one king and he will welcome us with good cheer, which is his fashion,” said Go’rout warmly as she smiled at Ohgood and then said slyly,” He’ll like you, he’s the bit of an odd sort too.”
     “ I like him already, but in an odd way no other!” said Ohgood boldly as he stood up and clapped his hands.
     As they came out of the tunnel there stood 2 guards wearing burgundy silk pants and black cotton long sleeve shirts and jackets that had the passage,” We strive to help the healed, but only when they’re 
well enough,” in yellow cursive lettering.  Each of the guards had light blue hair with one short and curly and the other long and straight.  There names were Dornup So and Linor Maro. 
     “ Hold it here please,” said Dornup sternly over the intercom speaker in his shirt as he stepped in front of the Portex with Ohgood still standing up and clapping.   
     “ we need to see Dornoa, we think a friend of ours is here visiting with him named Ratie,” said Famaron as he stepped out of the Portex and walked up to Dornup.
     “ Yes, emperor, there is a woman by that name here.  Let us show you to where they are please follow,” said Linor warmly then he and Dornup got on a pair of Solisva’s.
     “ Making progress is always thrilling,” said Solcrist then he stood up and clapped wildly as he laughed at Ohgood.
     Ohgood smiled and rolled his eyes and then said wryly,” I didn’t see that coming, but I should have.  Note to Ohgood Solcrist is secretly a cool person even thou he is near death.”
     “ Oh ho ho you rascal don’t tempt the elderly they’ve got nothing to lose,” said Solcrist proudly as he tried not to laugh.
     Then Dornup and Linor rode towards the castle and Famaron followed.  As they neared the 30 foot high black steel door it disappeared as the hologram stopped and all 3 vehicles rode into an enormous 600 yard long banquet hall filled with a 200 piece orchestra at the far end that were playing the song,” Death is only a feeling,” by the composer Varnor Krap a Geen by birth.
     Varnor Krap started writing symphonies when he was 6 months old and by the time he was 20 had written 4000.  He had been born with a large chunk of the back of his brain missing, but the front grew 
twice as large.  Before he was ten he had learned every instrument on Parscan so then he invented a 409 string guitar that only his nimble large hands could play called the Varmax Sa.  When he was a teenager he was so famous and successful that he was banned from going out of his villa, because of the abundance of strokes, heart attacks, and even blindness that people suffered from seeing his eyes.  When he turned 45 he wrote a song called,” I am but a plague,” that was about how he thought that the fact he was in the world was destroying every person he came into contact with by killing a part of their inner kindness. 
     There were 50,000 green leather mattresses with backstops lined up in rows with 300,000 people in summer clothes watching the concert while they ate a large feast of chicken fried potatoes and alfredo shredded steak and ravioli filled with Gorume cheese and beef.
     Gorume cheese was from a herd of cattle that came from a massive spell cast by the Plalo 50 years earlier.  The cheese was stark white in color and tasted abnormally sweet for a cheese, but also had the ability to be warmed into an almost water thinness without losing the flavor.
     At the front of the stage sat Ratie, Dornoa, and King Lucern in a trio of paisley design red, green, and yellow head shaped satin leather chairs that had round white leather odomens in front for their feet.   As Dornup and Litor rode down the aisle with the Portex right behind people began to look over in shock at the display.  Then the murmuring began to interrupt the performance and the musicians stopped playing and Dornoa turned to see the 3 vehicles driving towards him and said sternly,” I’ll handle this fear not.”
     Then Ratie saw Famaron standing up in the Portex and said enthusiastically,” It’s alright it’s my friends, perfect timing too!”
     Then Dornup and Litor parked in front of Dornoa with the Portex just behind while Ratie hurried over to them.  Everyone exited the Portex and Veata gave Ratie a kiss on the forehead and said warmly,” We missed you, Ratie, we feared you dead.”
     “ Dead me…I am a Darinvian now and they only die when we feel like it.  Hey, Ohgood, did you gain some weight?” asked Ratie sarcastically as she grinned and hugged Ohgood.
     “ Only 30 40 pounds, a few too many Orcut wafers and bottled of wine, but thanks for asking,” said Ohgood jokingly and straight faced as he shook Ratie’s shoulders and smiled.
     Then Dornoa walked over to Famaron with Lucern right behind him.  Dornoa took a stern look at Famaron and nodded and said,” Emperor, we are very thankful you are alive and even more so you have chosen us to escape the coming tragedy, thank you,” said Dornoa sincerely then he knelt down on one knee and bowed his head.
     “ Please stand, Dornoa, there is a very serious threat coming your way and the exodus will be sooner than later,” said Famaron sternly as he watched Dornoa rise and look to Ohgood and Solcrist.
     “ What is it you speak of?” asked Lucern in a concerned tone as his brow furrowed.
     “ It’s Baub, he’s scorching the Badawos countryside.  He started with Vertize and Badawos and it won’t be long before he’s here to annihilate your kingdoms.  So what we need to do is get all your people out of Gamazon forest and move them to the mountain castle Bearun that’s far enough out of the way that they won’t look there.  And when I say you need to go I meant yesterday at breakfast seriously now,” said Famaron sternly as he glared at Dornoa and Lucern.
     “ My people are here with Dornoa’s so we are ready to go anytime you like,” said Lucern as he looked at Famaron.
     “ Really, but there’s only a couple hundred thousand people here where’s the rest?” asked Ohgood as he looked around the room.
     “ They’re in the Sandu temple praying.  I will go now and alert them to what’s happening excuse me,” said Lucern warmly then he jumped on Litor’s Solisva and drove up over the stage and out the back doorway in a lightning quick motion.
     “ I will tell my people right now,” said Dornoa sternly then he stepped up on the stage and stepped on the vibrating disc and shouted,” Sandu, listen to me now!  A great terror is headed our way!  You must grab your possessions and flee to Bearun castle immediately!  Those who hesitate will fall under Baub’s blade hurry now!”
     Then the Sandu began pouring out of the room at a quickened pace as Dornoa stepped down off the stage.
     “ O.K. look that takes care of everyone now we…” said Famaron quickly.
     “ Wait, what about the Plalo?  Don’t you think they will need to know what is happening?” asked Solcrist boldly as he stared at Famaron.
     “ I completely forgot about the Plalo ah…great the Plalo don’t use most phones so it will have to be a computer, but we can’t run the risk of the signal being stolen,” said Famaron slowly as he tried to think of a better way than sending someone.
     “ There’s always a Moronsk spell,” said Solcrist flatly as he rubbed his temple.
     A Moronsk spell sent a message to small red orb with a specific thought inside that the sender was thinking as he cast it.  You could send out thousands simultaneously if you used all of your memories of the people you were sending it to.
     “ Remember you have to think of as many Plalo as you can as you cast it or they’ll be left behind,” said Ratie firmly as she grimaced and looked at everyone.
     “ As luck would have it, I have a photographic almost holographic memory.  The point being I won’t forget a soul, dear child, but maybe a fool or two,” said Solcrist smoothly then he put the tip of his staff into his hand and whispered as he raced thru all their faces,” Emboray Enborac send my message fast.”
     Then in his hand a red light appeared and got slowly larger until it enveloped his whole arm and soon his whole body.  Then the light grew 100 fold and filled the room so much so no one could be seen.  Then a loud electric thrashing music began to sound out.  Then silence and the light split into 50,000 red orbs and they flew out of the room and off to their destinations.
     “ If you don’t mind me asking what of the ships we’ll need to escape?” asked Dornoa as he looked at Famaron.
     “ Well we’re leaving here now to go to the retired war vessel shipyard.  I figure we’ll need 7 battleships to carry everyone safely, so with that said we’ll need 7 pilots.  Which leaves us one short of who’s right here,” said Famaron.
     Then in rode Lucern on the Solisva and he drove over to the front of the stage and said firmly,” It’s all taken care of, my people are starting to leave now.”
     “ Great, can you fly a battleship?” asked Famaron plainly as he grinned.
     “ Better than a general can, you forget I was briefly a soldier.  My how we forget,” said Lucern slyly as climbed down off the Solisva and walked over to Famaron.
     “ Good and no I am not forgetful at all.  Ah, what was I just saying,” said Famaron jokingly and everyone laughed and then he said,” Here’s what we need, Dornoa, and the rest, we need to get moving.  Why don’t you follow us on those Solisva’s and be mindful there will be Baub’s guards at the shipyard so be ready to act.  Let’s hit it.”
     Then everyone got into the Portex and Dornoa and Lucern climbed aboard the Solisva’s.  

                                                                               


     Ormajab Fiel was the original general of the Darinvians first planet conquering army in the 65th century B.Y..  He took 3 large battleships on the orders of King Poorman and set out into space to find fertile lands to grow Carnmo’s and Seleso roots.
     Seleso roots were a blue round 4 inch vine that could be ground up into a powder and used to create a euphoric condition in the taker known as the silhouette.
     Ormajab went 2 light years into space and found a world called Ecobe that had only 100,000 people living on a 250,000 mile circumference planet.  It had 3 huge continents with lush farmland everywhere and 2 of the continents were uninhabited and shaped like a triangle with a circular lake in the center.  The 2 lakes were called the eyes of Bormat who was their deity on Ecobe with the full name Of Bormat Alpagu.
     Bormat presided over the Durn as they were called by keeping them on a drug made from a red grass called Poape.  The drug was so potent that if you took it you were in a perpetual stoned state for 18 days.  The problem with the Poape was if you went off it for more than 2 hours it induced total insanity.  This gave Bormat total control over the Durn, because he controlled the Poape.
     When general Ormajab explored the planet he eventually came upon the Durn and began speaking with Bormat.  He asked if they minded them using the planet to grow Carnmo and Seleso.  Bormat said that he didn’t mind, but if they wanted the farmland he and all his men would have to dine with them and drink their many red wines.  Then they all loaded into a large dining hall and began feasting on giant 3 inch thick Filet mignon, large Ombudg pies, which were similar to apple with cinnamon only they were a meat pie, and Lorm which was a room temperature green ice cream that tasted like chocolate, but never melted, as well as wine.
     After the feast all of Ormajab’s men were feeling great and laughing and joking while they danced with the Durn women.  Then Ormajab spent the next 2 and half weeks unloading and installing all of the farm equipment and seeding the fields with Carnmo and Seleso seeds.
     Then suddenly at midday all of his men began acting irregularly.  Son Ormajab started to feel ill himself as he began hearing voices and seeing hallucinations.  He saw Bormat and a few of his people laughing and Ormajab asked,” What’s happening, what have you done?”  To which Bormat replied,” We don’t take to farmers around here.  So now your ship and supplies are ours.  Enjoy your new life, it’s worse every day, but you can always do my bidding and I’ll help you.”
     “ Anything just make it stop,” shouted Ormajab.  The general and his crew were never heard from again on Parscan and no more scout ships were sent again without a large accompaniment of battleships.
     Meanwhile Famaron and everyone else were riding down the Porguth tunnel which led directly to the shipyard.  The tunnel was made from a 6 foot thick glass and was submerged under lake Giboo 50 feet.  The road itself was a thick black and yellow stripped rubber, with several small food stands every so 
often that you could stop at for a snack or even cigarettes.  The stands were made from red and green wood and were shaped like the face of Goarote.  Thru the glass could be seen various fish and reptiles like the Burow fish and the Palaman.
     The Burow was a tie shaped fish that had rows of different colored gas bubbles all along its belly that it used to attract mates or kill prey by releasing them.  Its eyes were an illusion as they used sound to navigate and the actual eyes were like retractable spears that it could shoot out at an unsuspecting victim that got too close.
     The Palaman was a 400 yard long sea lion type of reptile that had dark red scaly skin with dagger shaped spikes that covered every inch of it.  Its eyes were half human and half beast depending which direction it was looking.  Its mouth when opened shot out a red light that could be seen for miles.  The Palaman loved Geen flesh as well as Darinvians especially.  If they saw either they went crazy and went immediately after them.
     As the Portex and the 2 Solisva’s rode thru the tunnel a pair of Palamans began to swim on either side of the tunnel staring at Famaron and grinning wildly.
     Ratie looked over at one and said warmly,” Oh how pretty look at those fish swimming beside us.”
     “ Those aren’t fish, they’re Palamans and they’d eat you in a second if they could break thru that glass.  Best not to stare at them, Ratie, we don’t want to antagonize them,” said Solcrist sternly as he shook his fingers and nodded his head at Ratie.
     “ But they look so harmless,” said Ratie as she stared at the Palamans in awe with a smirk on her face.
     “ Yes, and they would until you were inside those powerful jaws.  They are not what they seem,” said Solcrist firmly as he stretched his jaw.
     Then suddenly the Palaman on the left began bashing her giant head against the glass again and again shaking the tunnel.
     “ This’ll be fun, if they break that wall we’ll be showering together in our own blood so does anybody have any ideas?” asked Famaron boldly as he kept a close eye on the Palamans and steered the Portex around a corner.
     Then the Palaman on the right crashed his head into the glass and caused a crack to form.
     “ I’ve got an idea, get us out of this tunnel and quick!” said Ohgood anxiously as he watched the Palamans.
     Then both of the Palamans began hitting their heads against the glass simultaneously and large cracks appeared with water dripping from them.
     “ Great idea, Ohgood, way to use those dead brain cells of yours,” said Famaron slowly and then he grimaced and asked,” Solcrist, is there a spell that could put the Palamans to sleep?”
     “ Not that I know of, but I could put a foe of theirs in the water to distract them while we escape.  Let me try this,” said Solcrist calmly as he stood up and then raised his staff and shouted as he slammed into the floor,” Waramo who can drink the dust!”
     Then in the water a black round dot appeared and began to grow rapidly and in a few seconds an ax shaped pair of fishes called Sunripes appeared beside the Palamans.  The Sunripes had built in laser rifles in their fins that could shoot endlessly.  They also had a magnetic pulse that emitted from their 
eyes that caused people and fish alike to feel disoriented and lost.  In their mouths were large tongues that had a mouth of jagged teeth at the end.  Their skin was dark blue with red spots that formed a t.
     “ They should love their new friends.  Must get lonely in between the waves,” said Solcrist snidely as he grinned.
     Then the Sunripes extended their tongues at the Palamans and bit into their flesh.  The Palamans recoiled and jerked the Sunripes free.  Then the Palamans used their spike covered skin to smash into one of the Sunripes and he was suddenly stuck to them.  But the other Sunripe began shooting his laser bursts from his fins and hit one of the Palamans right in the eye causing his red blood to squirt out.
     “ Now this is entertainment for the whole family,” said Ohgood jokingly as he grinned.
     “ Yeah if you’re a mermaid.  Let’s see how long the big fella’s last,” said Famaron as he watched the battle and continued driving thru the tunnel.
     Then the injured Palaman swung its mighty tail and hit the Sunripe that was firing its laser and crushed it its right side destroying its flesh and bones and causing it to stop swimming and simply float.  The other Sunripe wiggled its way free and as it did released its electromagnetic pulse.  This caused the Palamans to lose their inner balance and they started swimming erratically back and forth and upside down.
     “ Now that’s a sight you don’t log into your memories every day,” said Veata as she smiled and shook her head. 
     “ Hey I see the end of the tunnel we’re almost out,” said Ohgood happily as he pointed.
     Then one of the Palamans started to swim right towards the tunnel as it twirled violently around.
     “ It can’t come soon enough, look out!” shouted Famaron as he saw the Palaman hurling towards the glass.
     Then the Palaman crashed into the glass head first and went right thru it with ten tons of water, but the Portex and 2 Solisva’s sped out of the tunnel just in time.  The water raced up behind them, but as they drove up a steep road the water relented.  Then in front of them they saw the retired war vessel shipyard sprawled out before them for 50 miles.
     The shipyard was basically a parking lot with a blue force field covering every inch of it.  There was a large 18 story and half mile wide dark red steel chalice shaped building at the edge of the force field.  It had hundreds of small black windows in the shape of a circle that were in the center of the building.  There were also a pair of black razor sharp 50 foot wide discs that constantly spun in front of the entrance.  The doors leading into the building were x shaped and light green in color and had a silver round voice activated lock.  Above the doors there was a deck with chairs for 3 soldiers to keep an eye on who came close, each of which were equipped with laser rifles and Gom sticks.
     Gom sticks could be thrown at a person and when they got within 5 feet would explode encasing the person in a thick sticky gel and making it impossible to move.
     Behind in the tunnel the Palaman flopped around destroying everything.  Famaron stopped the Portex and looked back and saw this and shrugged his shoulders and said,” Well we’re not going back thru there anytime soon.  It’s all or nothing now.”
     “ What’s the plan of attack?” asked Solcrist as he looked at the shipyard.
     “ We’ll need to take out those guards with a quiet spell, if you know what I mean.  Then it’s fairly simple I’ll speak in the code, the doors will open, we’ll fight off the other 30 guards if we have to, then 
open the dome and fly off with 7 battleships.  Anybody confused?” asked Famaron slyly as he looked at everyone. 
     “ When do we eat?” asked Ratie sarcastically.
     “ When the sky turns black now who wants a try at those guards?” asked Famaron calmly as he rubbed his chin.
     “ I’ve got a spell, and it’s totally silent, watch this,” said Ohgood confidently then he put his staff to his chin and whispered,” The men of wind cacropto!”
     Then a pair of cloud men with white bolts of lightning in either hand appeared.  The men were in the image of Goarote and had on only loin clothes and were very muscular.  The cloud men floated up into the clouds and then walked gently over to the sky above the guards.  Then they floated down slowly and as they got close a green haired guard named Dornway wearing a black satin suit and red leather shoes with Baub’s face on them, looked up as he yawned and noticed what looked like falling clouds and then Dornway said softly,” Now that is remarkable.  I’ve never seen a falling cloud before.  Hey, Cemptou, check this out.”
     Cemptou had lavender short curly hair and red eyes.  He was 6’1” and 195 pounds and very fit.  He had on the same suit as Dornway, but with blue leather shoes instead with the symbol of Yorg Gahthit on the toe.
     Yorg Gahthit was an enigma from the Perance district on the southern half of Parscan.  Yorg invented a way of speaking called,” Temperature talk,” where he would cause a person’s anger and happiness to rise and fall very quickly as they spoke.  He did this to throw a person into a state of not caring so as to be able to manipulate them.  He wrote a 400 page book called,” Temperature Talk to victory,” and it had 
thousands of actual conversations he’d used to get various things like,” Hello there beautiful woman does it hurt to be perfect,” to which she replied,” I like you that was a nice thing to say.”  Yorg then said,” I only said it ‘cause I know you’re really dumb and you’re desperate for acceptance, but we are all which is why I’m willing to give the next 30 years of my life to making every day of your life better than the best day you ever spent.  Do you think that would be worth it?” To which she replied nervously,” Yes, Goarote, yes.”  Then after this exchange he would ask for a sum of money or to move in with her and the women always said yes immediately.
     Cemptou looked up and couldn’t figure out what the cloud men were and asked,” Is it a falling weather balloon or a gas pocket?”
     “ I can’t tell, but it’s heading right for us.  Let’s move out of the way,” said Dornway as he stepped backwards as did Cemptou.
     Then the third guard Putee started walking over and as he did one of the cloud men threw a bolt of lightning at him and electrocuted him to death.  As Dornway and Cemptou looked on in shock the cloud men threw 2 more lightning bolts at them causing them to shake violently and their eyes to pop out.  Then they fell to the deck in a heap and died.
     “ O.K. nice spell, let’s get some ships,” said Famaron with a nod then he flew towards the shipyard.
     “ I’m shocked at that almost as much as those suckers,” said Ohgood dryly as he looked at Ratie wide eyed.
     “ Oh brother lame, Ohgood, really lamsickle,” said Ratie as she shook her head and gave Ohgood a look of disbelief.
     Then the Portex and Solisva’s flew up to the front doors and took a look around and saw no one.  Then Famaron climbed out and walked up to the lock and said sternly,” Our spirit breaks the will of the treacherous kind by a kind thought as the wind kisses our reason to sleep.”
     Then the doors broke into 3 dozen small pieces and disappeared into the walls.  Inside there was a brief corridor leading to the shipyard that had 3 black doors per side made from mahogany and had the names of the senior soldiers on them in red.  In between the doors there was a blue crystal that covered all the walls with the design of Famaron killing 3 Sargs carved into it in green.
     “ Look if there’s any sign of a soldier just attack don’t wait, because their protocol is to kill any and all none soldiers that they see.  Once were in the shipyard just take any battleship you see, they always leave the ships ready to take off in case of war,” said Famaron sternly as he gave everyone a stern look.
     “ Sounds great I have a dust up, but is there any chance of a wager over who kills the most soldiers?” asked Ohgood smoothly as he smirked.
     “ Sure, you live thru this and I’ll make sure you’re dining of steak sticks for the rest of your lives.  Keep your staffs ready and a spell in your heads,” said Famaron then he walked into the corridor with his staff halfway raised.
     “ He’s so fierce, remind me not to piss him off,” said Ratie happily as she and everyone followed him in.
     As they walked down the corridor they saw no one in sight, but they could see the bottom of a battleship at the end of the corridor.  Then suddenly a door swung open and a general Dorfish came out carrying a pie plate filled with half a Carnmo pie.
     Dorfish had short white hair combed straight back with computer inputs on either side of his head above his ears.  He also had a thick black beard that was shaved along the jaw line.  He was 6’1” and weighed 210 and was wearing a gold stripped satin jacket and matching pants with a white silk shirt underneath.  He also had on a pair blue leather dress shoes with black tips.
     Dorfish looked at everyone in shock then Veata raised her staff and shouted,” Thera surge open wounds!”
     Then a silver woman appeared holding a black machete with a red flame from end to end.  Then the silver woman went quickly towards Dorfish and he fumbled the pie plate and went for his Mutters and said frantically,” Now hold on don’t you try anything I’m old and weak Goarote save me!”
     Then the silver woman chopped off his left arm with a single blow from the machete.  Then she chopped off the other arm in a rapid slicing down thrust.
     “ Ahh, oh Goarote save what’s left of me please!” shouted Dorfish as he began bleeding profusely and shaking violently.
     Then the silver woman ran him clean thru the chest and out his back and he fell to his knees and dies.  Meanwhile Famaron and everyone else were hurrying to the shipyard.  As they strode into the massive shipyard they could see the thousands of battleships, Worights, and Flashers as well as Solisva’s in every direction.
     “ This looks promising,” said Famaron as he scanned for soldiers.
     Then a long sleek black haired female soldier named Ormay carrying a crate filled with bottles of Dr. Drevo wine walked out in front of everyone.
     Dr. Drevo wine was green in color and tasted like chocolate.  It was named after Dr. Pem Drevo the inventor of a cure for all hangovers, as well as a pill to give the body twice its normal energy.  Drevo disappeared after he sailed his giant sailboat out into the Gimbian ocean and never returned.
     Ormay looked over at everyone and smiled and nodded and then kept on walking a few steps.  Then she stopped and turned and asked,” Ya know you look like the emperor.  Have you ever heard that before?”
     Famaron looked at everyone and said warmly,” A time or two, I must confess.”
     “ Cool I thought I’d lost it, bye,” said Ormay happily and then she took a couple steps and looked back at everyone and asked,” hey what are you doing in here?”
     “ We ah…,” said Famaron nervously then he raised his staff and shouted,” To doom the weary!”
     Then a million tiny shards of diamonds appeared and shot simultaneously at Ormay in the shape of a square.  When they hit her they tore a million holes clean thru her body.  There were so many her body oozed blood and suddenly fell to pieces into a small pile.
     “ I think she really liked you,” said Ratie slyly.
     “ She talked too much for my tastes.  Alright everyone grab a ship and I’ll open the dome,” said Famaron quickly then he ran over to a red steel control panel jutting up from the pavement that had a series of blue and orange buttons with former emperor’s faces on them and Famaron looked at them and said sadly,” My brain would have to freeze up right now.”
     Meanwhile everyone else was heading for a battleship Ohgood and Ratie boarded the first 2 with one red and the other black.  Solcrist and Dornoa then ran full speed into another 2 battleships as they ran 
up the boarding ramp.  Then Lucern saw a giant black and gold one and said happily,” You’re more my style.” 
     Then Lucern ducked behind a Flasher as 2 soldiers walked past.  He kept a good eye on them then snuck over to the battleship’s supplies entrance and ran up a brief spiral staircase and inside.  Veata meanwhile was eyeing a large purple one, but just as she started for it 2 soldiers one a blonde haired man of 5’6” and the other a red haired woman of 6’0” come out from behind a Flasher sharing a cigarette.  Veata looked at them and smiled and then shouted,” Pierano melt the skies tears!”
     Then a 13 foot Baatold on a flying pie plate, with a rotating silver and white blade in both hands appeared and rode at the soldiers.  Veata ran into the battleship and said snidely,” Have fun with your new friend.”
     The red haired woman pulled her Mutters and aimed it at the Baatold and fired, but he blocked the shots with his pie plate and they ricocheted back at the woman and blew off part of her left arm.  Then the Baatold jumped off the pie plate and violently swung his rotating blade at the blonde haired man and tore open a 2 foot long 6 inch deep hole in his chest that sent him to his knees.  The red haired woman raised her Mutters and shot the Baatold in the neck sending his flesh sailing onto a Flasher.  Then the angry Baatold threw his blade at the woman and it tore thru her neck and her head fell to one side.  She gasped for air and clutched the bloody hole in her neck.
     Meanwhile Famaron was still trying to remember the dome code.  And then it hit him,” You you and you please be it,” said Famaron as he pressed the 3 buttons.
     Then suddenly the dome began to disappear from a small hole in the center that got larger and larger still.
     “ Boy that was a lucky choice.  Now to bag a ship and then there was you,” said Famaron greedily as he saw a checkered blue and red battleship with his face on the front.
     Then as he started for the battleship a pale 5’4” green haired soldier came out from behind a black Woright with a bottle of wine in his hands and Famaron yelled,” Pieces of great reprom!”
     Then the ground around the green haired soldier began to swirl like tornado as pieces of dirt turned red hot and glowed.  In a second he was surrounded by red dust.  He began to scream in agony as the dust began to cling to his skin and his clothes.  In only a few seconds he was covered in the thick red dirt until he began to look like a statue.  A layer of 4 inch red dirt hardened into stone and the soldier suffocated inside.  All that was left was a spitting image statue of the soldier with a face of agony and the bottle of wine still in his hand.
     Famaron slapped the side of the battleship then hurried inside.  He jumped into the elevator and started going upward.  Inside there were 4 five foot statues of Doracles in each corner of the elevator.
     Doracles Wamclip was a half Geen half Cacob who lived in the Tusch caves, which stretched for thousands of miles.  He had an intricate series of castles below the ground that he had built with the fortune he made from his spiritual book titled,” The wrath of Goarote is coming.”  The book had a section titled,” The thoughts of Goarote and their vision,” which included the lines,” Man and womankind will swim a river of blood that stretches deep into a tunnel of bodies on sticks.  Then suddenly a beach of reason will spring up before them with a book of answers to all questions of all sorts stuck there in the sand.  The book will detail the important questions that you’ve asked for and laid out before your wanting eyes that answers in red lettering.  The first of which will be why was I born with an 
intelligent mind without the truth already inside.  Answer is simple only a person’s life can dictate their path to true knowledge, thus there is no universal truth for you all.”
     The walls of the elevator had 10 landscape mirrors which showed in real time places all over Parscan including a house that was partially hidden by a waterfall that 7 Sandu lived in and a coffin shaped tree in the center of a lake that a family of Baatolds were cooking an unlucky Halbaltic gang member over a camp fire.
     Then the elevator doors opened and Famaron walked into the bridge of the ship.  There was a hovering red satin striped chair with all the ships controls built into the armrest.  In front of the chair there were 20 holograms of all the area around the ship.  And beyond the holograms there was a wall sized monitor of the view in front of the ship.  There was a large brown leather couch lining the left wall with a small wine rack at one end of it and a steak stick dispenser at the other end.  On the right wall there was a pair of escape pods that were black in color and shaped like a jet engine and they pointed at an angle upward.  Beside the escape pods there was a large blue flask of Morka juice on a brown oval table with 3 legs.
     Morka juice came from the Morka bird which was a 7 foot tall red and blue feathered bird with star shaped dark blue eyes.  The juice came from its blood which was green and when you added a touch of sugar and cinnamon you had the drink.  It tasted like strawberry jello and was very thick.  Once you had drank it, it boosted your dopamine levels incredibly high.  This gave the person a huge rush of creativity that lasted 2 hours.  In times of battle generals used it to give them a tactical advantage, but if you drank too much you ran the risk of insanity.
     The floor of the room had six separate rugs that went together like a jigsaw puzzle each of which with a different quote from Teverus like,” These days will be remembered as a stage not a reality.  Be I 200 years old I never forgot those who heaped extra pounds on the back of I as I climbed the hill of life.”
     Famaron walked over and took a drink of the Morka juice and then sighed and said hopefully,” When starting a war be sure to bring a weapon or you’ll have trouble borrowing one from thy enemies.  Let’s see if she’ll fly.”
     Then he hoped into the captains chair and as he did saw 4 other battleships being piloted by Ratie, Ohgood, Dornoa and Veata already in the air.  Then he saw Solcrist and Lucern take off and he smiled and pressed the thrusters and his battleship lifted off.
     On the ground the soldiers were scrambling to get into Worights and Flashers to stop them.  Then 4 Flashers lifted off and went after Famaron who saw this and said snidely,” I wouldn’t mess with the big boy today.  Here’s a little toy to play with.”
     Then he fired 10 heat seeking missiles at the Flashers who instantly scattered in every direction.  As one Flasher darted back and forth he released a fire ball to ward off the 2 missiles following him, but the missiles rode past it and into the back of the Flasher.  This caused a cone shaped forward explosion that blew the pilot to pieces.  Then a second Flasher had a missile hot on his tail so he darted into a grove of trees with red square leafs called Brandups.  As he went in and around the Brandups the missile stayed only 15 feet behind.  Then the Flasher was about to be hit by the missile so he did a hard right and crashed right into the trunk of a Brandup and the ship exploded and compacted into a large lump of mangled wreckage and the dead pilot.
     The other 2 Flashers were heading for the atmosphere in the hopes it would trigger the missiles firing pins.  As they rose higher and higher the air got thin and they rode into the purple clouds and could see the green sunset.  The missiles were only 30 feet behind them and steadily gaining.  Then the Flashers went into the atmosphere and the missiles didn’t explode, but kept bearing down on the Flashers.  So they did a crisscross maneuver and 3 of the missiles crashed into one another and exploded in a blue flash.  The rest of the missiles continued chasing as the Flashers flew out farther into space.
     Meanwhile Famaron and the others were soaring over the countryside towards Bearun.  As they went they could see a large battleship to their left 100 miles away and Famaron opened his holographic channel to the other ships.  This caused all 6 holograms of everyone else to appear in front of him and he asked slyly,” Is it too soon to celebrate, cause I brought all this glitter?”
     “ Not if you’re willing to share.  I’ve got dibs on the red and green sparkles,” said Ratie jokingly as she grinned.
     “ Then I’ve got the Gorg whistles, but I’m not sharin’ spit with any of you,” said Ohgood sarcastically as he pouted and nodded his head no like a child.
     Everyone laughed and then Solcrist asked,” What of that battleship on the horizon is it hostile you think?”
     “ If it’s Baub himself then yes, but as long as we keep a safe distance they’ll just think we’re one of theirs,” said Famaron calmly then he laughed and said snidely,” Did any of you catch my handy work with those Flashers?”
     “ I did, you blew that one Flasher to a million pieces.  DO you think he’d wished he hadn’t played the hero?  I mean as his head was exploding?” asked Ohgood snidely as he chuckled to himself.
     “ I think he might have, but he’s in a better place now, namely a heap of metal and flesh.  I’m gonna miss him I know it, but not his warm smile I’ve got a mental picture of that right here in my memories,” said Famaron straight faced as he pointed to his forehead and frowned.
     “ Give me a break uhh,” said Ratie in disbelief as she rolled her eyes.
     Then a Woright came barreling down on Famaron’s ship and peppered the side of it with laser fire and Famaron shouted,” A little help here!”
     “ I’ve got your back,” said Dornoa as he fired a Squle at the Woright.
     A Squle was a pair of 50 foot wide round gel pockets that when they hit a ship would spread out over the whole surface of it and ooze inward destroying all the circuits and wiring.  Then as it penetrated father it would stick to any person close and cause their organs to turn inside out.  In a matter of seconds they’d be dead.
     The Squle raced towards the Woright which was still blasting away at Famaron’s ship.  Inside the Woright sat captain Etor Ets and Thurin Tung in the pilot’s seats.  Etor had dark green skin and blonde long straight hair that went to the small of his back.  He was 6’8” and very thin and had on his gold striped satin suit and red leather shoes.
     Thurin had light blue skin and off white short buzzed hair with a ponytail in the front.  His eyes were green and red stripped and he was 6’5” and very fat and round.  He had on a black stripped satin suit and green canvas shoes with his name sewn into the tips.
     “ What on Parscan do you suppose that is, Thurin?” asked Etor as he looked at the Squle.
     “ It could be a distraction to throw us off.  That would be my guess, captain,” said Thurin nervously as he looked over at Etor who was in the captain’s seat rubbing his chin.
     “ Well if so, it’s too large to avoid hitting at this point.  Let’s hope you’re right,” said Etor softly as he pondered the situation.
     Then the Squle ran head first into the Woright.  Its 2 gel pods began to cover the whole ship and instantly circuits began failing.  Etor suddenly couldn’t control the ship and shouted,” What’s happening I’ve lost all control of the ship!”
     “ I don’t know, captain, but whatever it is we should use the escape pods!” yelled back Thurin as he thought frantically of his wife and 3 year old child Raban.
     “ Yes, good idea follow me,” said Etor then he pressed a blue button on the armrest and the floor spiraled open and revealed 2 leather sets in 2 separate silver escape pods.
     Then Etor jumped into one and Thurin jumped in the other as sparks flew all around them and fire broke out.  Then they pressed the launch button and the 2 escape pods fired off at lightning speed, but as they hit the Squle they lost forward momentum and stopped dead in the gel.  Then Thurin yelled,” Goarote save me please!”
     Then the gel seeped into his and Etor’s cockpit and as it touched their skin they began screaming and trying to get out.
     “ Oh Goarote let me have passage,” pleaded Etor as the gel touched his skin.  
     Then their organs began pounding on their chest plates and tearing a hole in their ribcage.  And then their still beating hearts and lungs exited their bodies and fell to the floor.  Blood gushed out of them as they died.
     Meanwhile in Ratie’s battleship she was eating a Dowa pot pie and drinking a Sortagood soda pop.
     Sortagood had a special red sugar made by the Geen that left no aftertaste.  It was similar to Dr. Pepper, but had an additional 30 flavors that gave it a perfect sweetness.  It was filled with microbeads that had different flavors in them that could change the taste of the soda if you bit into one and release a red bubble from your mouth.
     “ Hey, Ohgood, do you think you’ll miss dad or Parscan when we leave?” asked Ratie honestly as she ate in her magenta leather captain’s chair on the bridge.
     “ Baub or dad as you call him will be missed like a fleck of dust in a Baatolds ear.  Now Parscan…yes I’ll miss so many things I loved about this world.  My friends, my crazy sister who eats a whole pot pie and doesn’t offer a bite, no seriously what I’ll miss the most is the Taplure beaches.  I still remember that summer we spent there when we were kids, that beautiful red sand and Ormsick robot that rose 200 feet in the air and crushed all the Palamans when they got too close to the beach.  Yeah, Ratie, I’ll miss only one other thing, everything,” said Ohgood sincerely then he welled up and pursed his lips.
     “ You’re not the only one, I rejoiced in every day Goarote let me draw breath on Parscan.  What you might not know is that I traveled the galaxy many years ago and I can tell you it’s a vile and violent place with many a scoundrel waiting to do you harm.  When I returned to Parscan after many years in the great blackness as I called it, I had forgotten what it felt like for a stranger to be kind to me.  It was so shocking when a random smile and hello was sent my way I almost wanted to cry.  Now this home of 
kings and queens is coming to an end for those who corrupted it.  Remember Goarote has a plan for us and I am certain it will be as glorious as you can imagine this I know,” said Solcrist as he thought of his wife who had died while he traveled the galaxy in a raid on their Parscan home.
     “ You know what I’ll miss more than all of it, the people in between the cracks.  Those people who only wanted to go about their days, but the evil doers wouldn’t let them.  When I was emperor I always took great pains to ease their struggles.  If I could have given them everything they wanted in life I would have,” said Famaron as he started to cry and then slammed his fist and shouted,” They were Parscan, not the Halbaltic gang of Posism Beliefs or Senpond Keepers and their treachery!  It was the people you never notice, but are standing right in front of you.  They are the only ones who have anything to lose, this was their reason for life,” said Famaron as he cried and shook his head.
     Ratie and Ohgood began to tear up and Veata said softly,” I was one of those people.  Parscan let me nurture my soul and that I will truly miss with all my heart.”
   


  

     The poet Menab Portawea wrote a poem called,” If one was quenched by darkness,” that read,” While I thought a prayer came answered when I was unaware.  I know now that only children make this error.  For in all the many green grass meadows that I smiled so wide, it was only in my blackened heart my lust for life resides.  And when the Baatold screams in my one deaf ear I pray my soul can hear.  Cause prayers of hope don’t climb the slope of providence, but the witless fools believe they will.”  Menab believed that if he cherished Goarote in his mind he never need kneel to pray.  He spent 7 years in the Grash caves on Goep I an effort to forget civilization.  When he came out he spoke only in 7 word sentences and refused to look away for a moment from anyone who was talking to him.  There he wrote the book,” We’ve spoken,” about the underlying current of deception in everything the government did.  The book told the story of Tamses Tenn and his plot to overthrow the government.  He got together 50 assassins and made a raid on the emperor’s home quarters.  After they had him in hand they leveraged his life as collateral to get control of the military.  Then after laying siege to many of their rivals Tamses’s wife Bobin was captured and Tamses said simply,” Kill her, she wasn’t kind,”  The story climaxed with Tamses ordering the destruction of the lower half of Parscan where much of the population lived and it was done in a rash of large explosions.
     As the battleships neared Bearun they could see the thousands of Geen, Cacob, Plalo, Sandu and all of Veata’s subjects all piled into the enormous mountain castle.  Bearun itself was half in front and at the base of Mt. Ourain and then the other half was dug deep into the actual mountain.  The castle stood 2 miles high and went a mile into the mountain.  It was made from a rare purple and red swirling marble and had a trio of long tall white marble towers in the front with round red decks at their apexes with dozens of red diamond shaped windows that spiraled from top to bottom.  The castle itself had a black wooden deck that went from the bottom to top with 7 landings that had green castle doors that were square in shape behind each every so often.  It had a large blue robot in front of the castle to ward off any enemies that looked like Veata and was 800 yards tall with a Mutters in a gun belt on its hip.  There were thousands of windows shaped like perfect circles everywhere you looked with many of which with gun turrets built into them.  There was a huge 500 yard wide bust of Goarote in the center of the front wall, with a large laser canon sticking out of its mouth as well as 2 missiles out of its eyes for protection.
     All the people were filing their way up the black wooden deck as they entered the castle.  As the battleships drew near the people turned and cheered as they raised their fists.
     “ Somebody’s happy,” said Ohgood slyly as he eyed the crowd.
     “ I just hope they’ll all fit,” said Famaron.
     “ Where do we park, I mean seriously?” asked Ratie as she looked at the field of green grass in front of Bearun.
     “ Just plop down in the grass and you’ll be fine,” said Famaron as he steered over to the grass and then landed.
     The other 6 battleships did the same and lined up in a row.  Then the hordes of people started to hurry over to the ships.  The ship doors opened and the people with their possessions in hand began boarding the battleships.  
     Meanwhile inside Baub’s battleship he was in his study drinking an old bottle of scotch with general Bluntip when a holographic message appeared.  The study had a circular book case that ran around the outside of the room that was filled with all sorts of old books from fiction to art books with tiny blue lights on each that when the book was touched would turn red and the book would levitate outward so you could grab it.  There were 2 floors of books with the second having Dowa bird robots flying around in front in case you needed a specific book they would retrieve it for you.  In the center of the room there was a 6 person pentagon shaped hot tub with a holographic projection in the center of the t.v. show,” To kill a friend,” playing on it.
     “ To kill a friend,” was a TV. show based on a real life love affair between a Sandu cleric and a beautiful female robot.  The show revolved around a murder in the Sandu temple that the lead character Nenven the Geen tries to solve.  Over the course of the show it is revealed that it was a government hit that leads straight to the top.
     Around the hot tub there was a trio of white Baatold fur round couches with a meal distributing elevator in front of each that would raise up a hot meal of your choosing as as well as a dark brown wooden table to put it on.  The floors of the room had a wool and cashmere red rug with a Sarg sewn onto it in black and green thread.  There was also 3 small turtle shell shaped robots that had large square blue crystal eyes that would perform tricks for you if you asked.
     Baub sat on one couch with general Bluntip on the adjacent couch smoking a Redres cigarette.
     Redres cigarettes had a long red filter and if you blew on the tips it caused them to self lite as there was a small amount of an explosive powder in the tip.
     The holographic message was from captain Steaks .  Steaks had a perfectly round bald head and a thick blonde mustache.  He was wearing a gold stripped satin suit with holographic medals and a large pair of red rimmed glasses that were oval shaped.
     “ Emperor, there is bad news to report.  7 battleships were taken from the retired war vessel shipyard and several of our soldiers were killed,” said Steaks as he stood straight up and raised one eyebrow as he spoke.
     “ Really, did you try to follow them?” asked Bluntip sternly as he scowled at Steaks.
     “ Yes and those vessels were destroyed, but we were able to get a fix on their position.  They are at the Bearun castle.  I wanted to alert you before we went after them, because we will need several battleships to take them down,” said Steaks calmly.
     “ Yes, you will indeed.  This stinks of Famaron, did he think he could overthrow me with a few battleships.  How childish of him he must be desperate.  O.K. here’s what I we will do, I’ll send all I’ve got every battleship, Flasher, and Woright and we’ll corner that fossil.  Then we’ll blow those ships to pieces.  My, won’t it be glorious, and if we lose a couple of battleships who cares I know Goarote won’t,” said Baub snidely then he laughed to himself.
     “ I’ll prepare the fleet and have them assembled in 20 minutes, Emperor, Steaks out,” said Steaks sternly then he slapped his chest and the hologram disappeared.
     “ But, Baub, what of the planned destruction of the Plalo?” asked Bluntip as he smoked.
     “ You know, Bluntip, you’ve got a habit of asking too many questions.  Why don’t you SHUT that mouth of yours and put spikes thru your skin to keep that IDIOT brain from malfunctioning,” shouted Baub as he glared at Bluntip.
     “ C’mon, Baub, I was just asking a simple question,” said Bluntip calmly as he motioned with his hand for Baub to calm down.
     “ You’re right as always you are right.  I think I just need to stretch my legs, give me a minute,” said Baub calmly as he stood up.
     Then Baub reached into his waistband and pulled out a Morshito bracelet and put it on his right wrist.  Then he leapt at Bluntip and punched him in the face with his right hand.  The Morshito amplified his punch so much so that his blow crushed Bluntip’s nose cartilage right into his brain.  Bluntip gasped for air as a steady stream of blood gushed out of his nose.  He began to stand up and Baub asked warmly,” Where you off to old friend?  Have you got a pill in your throat let me see if I can knock it loose,” said Baub snidely as Bluntip looked at him wide eyed and waved no.
     Then Baub punched him in the chest with his right hand and went 2 inches beneath the skin and thru the chest plate.  Then Baub pulled out his fist and blood squirted out and Baub asked snidely,” Is it all better now child.  Did daddy make your painypoo disappear,” and then Baub shouted,” You insolent fool your big mouth just ended your life!”
     Then Bluntip’s eyes began to flutter and he fell straight back and died when he hit the floor.  Then Baub casually walked back over to the couch and sat down and began watching,” To kill a friend,” and started to laugh at Nenven who was speaking with his wife in a purple grassy field.
     “ Look, Gorsy, I didn’t bring you out to ask you for your security codes again to get in your pants.  We’re here for one reason and one reason only, I love you,” said Nenven boldly as he paced back and forth and then he smiled at Gorsy for several seconds and then said sarcastically,” Feel free to announce your love for me at anytime.”
     “ You know how I feel about you, I hover between love and murder every day.  That’s not the point here, love to you means a long conversation about how great you are.  Love to me is a kind word and a good long kiss.  So go ahead and tell me how robots just don’t get it, there’s a talk I’d love to have again,” said Gorsy in a sassy tone as her nose crinkled and she shook her head.
     “ Oh great again with the robot thing.  I make one off handed remark about your feelings being wrapped up in a scientist’s main frame and you never let me hear the end of it.  Well here’s a news flash, I don’t take it back it was funny so go get a can of oil and get wasted you steel cube of heartlessness,” said Nenven boldly then he let out a yell and started to pull on his hair.
     “ Oh here’s the show I remember, the Nenven knows it all and everyone else is an idiot show.  I can count on my hand the number of times you showed me a gentle caress of a single rub of my cheek.  Things like that matter to a woman and if you weren’t so Zamtru headed you’d know enough to take me in your arms and kiss me right now softly,” said Gorsy sternly as she teared up then extended her arms and looked at Nenven.
     Then Nenven walked over to her and took her in his arms and kissed her softly.  Then he looked her in the eye and said,” Goarote, I love science.”
     “ This show kills me,” shouted Baub as he burst out laughing and slapped his knee.
     Then the hologram of steaks appeared and he said,” Emperor, the fleet is prepared and ready to start for Bearun.  What are your orders?” asked Steaks as he put his arms behind his back.
     “ My orders are as such, assemble the fleet behind my battleship and we’ll set out for Bearun as soon as I get to the bridge.  Good work, Steaks, I’ve decided to promote you to general.  Go ahead and make the proper alterations to your uniform and meet me here on my battleship.  I can see good things in your future, Steaks,” said Baub warmly then he gave Steaks a smile and a nod.
     “ Thank you, Emperor, that means the world to me.  I will tell the fleet your orders and be on your ship as soon as possible.  Again my thanks, Emperor,” said Steaks nervously as he tried not to let his emotions get the better of him.
     “ Think nothing of it, hurry now we don’t want Famaron escaping,” said Baub as he laughed.
     “ Of course Steaks out,” said Steaks quickly then his hologram disappeared.
     Baub looked at Bluntip’s body and said wryly,” If you want the job, you’d better be flexible or you’ll get your stiff face punched in ha ha ahha.”
     Outside Baub’s battleship the fleet assembled behind his ship in a long row with 200 ships in all.  Then Steaks got into a small transfer ship known as Pormu which was a baseball hat shaped 20 foot long red ship.  It had 2 large eye shaped yellow plasma windows in the front side by side.  It had only a small pair of laser canons on its belly.
     Steaks rode into the hangar bay of Baub’s ship and landed softly.  The hangar bay was 1000 feet wide and 1000 feet deep.  It had 150 foot ceilings and had an assortment of various small crafts including 2 
Flashers and a Woright.  The walls of the hangar bay were made from a green steel and were filled with electronic sensors, monitors, and input valves for refueling.  There were 2 Zematron robots riding around the hangar bay.
     Zematrons were a snow man shaped red robot with black faces that were of Famaron and Teverus.  Each of which had 7 deadly weapons at their disposal like the machine gun lightning burst gun as well as an assortment of long blades and spikes they could fire at you.  They hovered above the floor on an anti gravity thruster.
     As Steaks exited the Pormu a Zematron rode up to him and asked,” Do you need help carrying your things?”
     “ No, there’s just this, but thank you.  Go ahead and keep an eye on my ship thou, thanks,” said Steaks brightly as he grinned and thought of his luck at becoming a general.
     Then Steaks made his way to the bridge by taking the Spiral elevator which was a round black elevator with yellow stripped satin walls, that went spiraling upwards and sideways to the bridge.  There was also a voice operated computer that could take any person anywhere in the ship.
     When the Spiral reached the bridge the doors shot upward in an instant and Steaks saw Baub doing some stretches and said nothing he just walked up beside him and stood silently.  Baub finished his stretches and then looked over and saw Steaks and asked,” How’s the weather out there, Steaks, sunny as usual?”
     “ Yes, Emperor, a beautiful sunny night like Goarote planned for us,” said Steaks quickly as he looked directly at Baub.
     “ Good answer I can tell you’re not the fool general Bluntip proved himself to be.  Now, Steaks, excuse me general Steaks, let’s go get a traitor and teach him how to gasp for air,” said Baub snidely as he took his captain’s seat and pressed the thrusters button and the fleet did as well as they set off for Bearun.
     Meanwhile at Bearun the battleships were half full as everyone rushed aboard with all their belongings.  Inside of Bearun sat Veata, Famaron, Ohgood, Ratie, and Lucern on one of the seven landings halfway up the castle.  They were each sitting on a Sarg feather chair shaped like an open mouth facing the battleships.  There was also a trio of Veata looking female robots catering to their every whim.  There was also a Duba laser telescope aimed up at the sky that could see 10 light years into space that Veata herself created and was emerald green in color and had a wide TV. monitor that you watched and a 4 foot long stalk with a round penny sized hole at the end.  It was sitting on a small black marble table in front of Ohgood.  The floor of the landing was covered in a hand sewn 5 inch thick red rug with Veata’s image sewn onto it in full color.
     “ It looks like we should be able to leave quicker than I thought.  Maybe even within the hour,” said Ratie as she watched the people loading the ships.
     “ It can’t come soon enough for me.  Let’s face it, at some point Baub’s gonna come looking for his missing flying fortresses and he won’t be coming alone.  I only hope we’ll be far away from here when he does,” said Famaron sternly as he leaned back in his chair and put his hands behind his head then let out a sigh.
     “ This much is true, he is a vicious man who will bring his vengeance to us without hesitation, but we can’t do anything to change this so we should just enjoy our last bit of time on Parscan,” said Veata as she leaned forward and rubbed her knee and took in the night sky.  
     “ Good point, Veata, nice one.  Well then I will have a glass of white wine and a steak sandwich and literally DRINK it all in,” said Ratie slyly as she typed in her order on the robots chest.
     “ That’s a good idea I think I’ll get a bottle of scotch and toast the last of the great civilizations.  And, it’s late and I’m old and old men drink when they feel like it cause there’s only so many days left to do it,” said Solcrist smoothly as he waved to the robot to come over to him.
     “ Here here, let’s all tie one on and give Parscan the however brief send off, she deserves.  I’ll have a bit of brandy and a bowl of strawberry ice cream like I did when I was young,” said Lucern happily as he grinned.
     “ You know this telescope is totally sick.  I can see planets that are light years away like they were sitting in my lap.  You never know either, we may be calling them home sometime soon.  You should see this one I’m looking at now it’s covered in a huge dense forest, but there’s spacescrapers all thru it.  There’s even a large stadium, with some sort of gathering of at least a million people,” said Ohgood as he looked at the world of Permea and its sport Qualpork.
     “ Let me look,” pleaded Ratie as she walked over to Ohgood and smiled.
     “ Alright, but I got dibs on it after you’re done,” said Ohgood sadly as he stood up and gave Ratie the seat.
     As Ratie looked at Permea she saw thousands of ships of every shape and size parked outside
colossal stadium in a series of different levels.  The stadium itself was dark purple and perfectly round with 5 large black towers inside at the edges of the Qualpork field.  Then she saw one of the natives walking out onto the field with a swirl of green and red lights that were racing around his body as flames appeared where he had just stepped and Ratie said in disbelief,” This is so fascinating, Ohgood, I can tell they have magic on this world.  We seriously might want to consider going there to live.”
     “ Magic, really let me have a look at that?” asked Solcrist as a robot handed him a bottle of scotch.
     Then he walked over to Ratie and looked at the monitor and saw a giant bear appear with the head of a snake in front of the man and Solcrist said breathlessly,” Yes…this is exactly where we should go and it says here this world is called Permea, it would give us the advantage of magic.  Then Permea it should be at the very least we could defend ourselves.  The only question is will they take us?” asked Solcrist as he looked at Ratie.
     “ I would think so, we’re good people.  We’ll just go there and take our chances huh,” said Ratie as she smirked and looked at everyone.
     “ Ratie, you have powers of persuasion I’ll never truly understand.  Permea here comes the lot of us!” said Famaron boldly as he stood up and clapped his hands together.
     “ Hooray for that!” shouted Ratie then she did a goofy dance in front of Famaron.
     “ It looks like the last of the Geen are entering the battleships now.  We could be ready to go in ten minutes,” said Lucern as he looked over the railing at the mass of Geen entering the ships some carrying statues of Peerios.
     Peerios was a Geen poker player who came from humble beginnings.  After a youth where every meal was in question as well as the hope of new clothes, he began developing a system to play poker with what involved breathing techniques.  He used these to distract and deceive the people he was playing against by thinking violent thoughts when he didn’t have it and serene ones when he did.  The method was so effective eventually no one would play against him, but by then he was so wealthy it didn’t matter.  He used his winnings to open a bakery using all of his mother’s secret recipes like steak sticks, which she invented.  This venture turned him into the richest man on Parscan.  Then he used his even greater wealth to build the Gorcenic castle which towered 15,000 feet into the air and was 400,000 square feet.  It was filled with every priceless painting, statue, and antique jewelry known to man.  When he was asked in his later years why he was so lucky he said flatly,” I cheated every person that would let me.”
     “ That may not be soon enough, look  in the distance!” said Ratie loudly as she pointed to the Baub battleships.
     “ Oh great, Baub’s getting frisky and he brought the whole fleet.  Tell the Geen to drop whatever they’re carrying and get on the ships now!” said Famaron boldly as he eyed the nearing fleet and then said softly,” Let us have guidance Goarote, and let it be now.”
     Then everyone ran down to the ships as fast as they could.  Once they were there they could see Baub’s armada only a few minutes away.
     “ Everyone on the ships, we are leaving now you idiots!” shouted Famaron then the Geen dropped their possessions and sprinted into the battleships.
     “ Do we fight them or just run for it?” asked Dornoa as he looked at Famaron.
     “ We flee, but they might catch up to us with their Flashers and if they do continue to flee.  Now as a last resort turn and fight, but only as you are leaving the atmosphere.  Because they will only follow us so far before giving up, and remember it’s every mean for himself alright?” asked Famaron calmly as he looked at everyone who was staring back at him.
     “ You got it, let’s not wait another second.  We’ll rendezvous at the end of the Coulez system.  Goarote speed everyone,” said Solcrist warmly then he ran towards his battleship with staff in hand.
     “ We’re off,” said Ohgood as he and Ratie ran to their ships.
     After everyone was inside their ships they closed the outer hatches and began to lift off with Ratie and Ohgood getting up in the air first, followed by everyone else a minute later.  As they soared high up into the air Baub’s armada began closing in with a dozen Flashers hurling towards Solcrist’s ship.  Inside the bridge of Solcrist’s ship he stood up watching the Flashers gaining on him and then said snidely,” Come a little closer you parasites.  I’ll give you a nice warm welcome and then he raised his staff and shouted,” Landau bracncom be a taker!”
     Then outside his battleship a large purple dragon with a Landan rider on its back appeared.  Landans were dark green men with long t shaped heads with red swirls all over them.  They had one large eye and one small each of which light blue and round in shape.  Their noses shot out several inches from their faces and were jagged and pointy.  They had menacing giant red teeth with a set of fangs on the sides.  They were 14 feet tall and carved out of pure muscle.  They wore only a black leather pair of shorts with the words,” to vanquish,” written on them.  The Landan had an arm of a Gargoyle with a sword in its hand in the Landans hand that was engulfed in flames.  The arm was filled with a powerful 
chunk of dead magic that when thrown at something would unleash 3 random changing spells.  The spells would shape shift parts of the person or craft it hit and leave the rest.
     When the Flasher began firing on the rear of Solcrist’s ship the dragon and Landan flew at the closest 3.  The dragon shot a steady stream of fire at them and melted off their laser canons.  Then the Landan threw a piece of the Gargoyles arm at each of the three ships and suddenly they began to shape shift.  First a large part of one ship turned into milk and floated away.  This caused the pilot to be sucked into the vacuum of space as his head imploded.  The second ship had parts of it turn into steak.  This caused all the systems to fail and as the meat floated away a fire broke out in the cockpit and the pilot was burned to death as he screamed.  The 3rd Flasher had the frame of the ship turn into explosives.  Then when a circuit shorted out it caused the whole ship to instantly explode in a ball if fire and electricity.
     “ Not lovers of magic I can see,” said Solcrist snidely then he said over the intercom,” relax everyone we are in space now and they won’t follow us much longer.”
     Meanwhile the other 6 ships were already racing away from Parscan and heading for Permea.  The other 9 Flashers saw what had happened to their friends and surrounded Solcrist’s ship with a Woright coming up behind followed by the slower battleships including Baub’s.  The dragon and Landan went after 2 ships while the other ships blasted away at Solcrist’s ship.
     Solcrist began firing his laser canons at the Woright and blew away a large part of their aft fuselage sending a steady stream of electricity out into space as well as flames.  Then he shot the Woright again in the center of its right side.  This shot went clean thru blowing away 5 of their crew members to a million pieces and starting a chain reaction.  Then the Woright imploded and was only charred remains a moment later and Solcrist pumped his fist and said coldly,” You were not wise.”
     Then the dragon and Landan caught up to the 2 Flashers and the Landan threw 2 pieces of the Gargoyles arm at them and hit them both in the side.  Suddenly one large part of one ship shape shifted into half a Baatold and the Flasher looked like a Baatold was stuck half in and half out of the ship.  Then the pilot lost control of the ship and began spiraling back to Parscan at tremendous speed.  In a matter of seconds the Flasher smashed into the side of Bearun and was obliterated instantly.
     The other Flasher shape shifted into half flaming shaving gel and there wasn’t enough of the ships frame to hold it together so it split into 20 pieces.  And the pilot was suffocated inside a gel pocket.
     “ Look, Solcrist, do you need any help with those Flashers?  I could swing around,” asked Famaron as he looked at Solcrist’s hologram on his bridge.
     “ No, but thank you, Famaron.  I’m just having too much fun to share the devastation.  Wait for a second o.k., I’ve got my next spell for old Baub,” said Solcrist happily then he raised his staff and shouted,” Tam burneth a hole for the holy!”
     Then behind Solcrist’s ship appeared a trio of 30 foot tall Criffio’s inside a wagon being pulled by red dragons.
     Criffio’s were half man and half magic with pure magic rainbow colored arms and a head of pure magic shaped like a donut with dark green giant eyes.  Its mouth could fire lightning bolts and hand grenades.  Its arms could fire mini spells in the shape of triangles in rapid procession.  Its legs could stretch and turn into wings and fly at a series of right angles.
     “ Now that looks like fun for old Baub.  Why haven’t I seen that spell before?” asked Famaron as he looked at Solcrist blankly and a thought of his father casting a similar spell when he was a child.
     “ I’d been saving it for just the right moment, and this will give old Baub reason to pause,” said Solcrist snidely as he watched the Criffio’s.
     “ My father knew a spell like that.  I never forgot the day I first saw it he said it would save my life someday.  Odd how this memory just became fact,” said Famaron softly as he smirked.
     Meanwhile the Criffio’s were riding right for Baub’s battleship and leaving a trail of cosmic dust behind them.  Inside Baub’s battleship he sat on the bridge smoking a Redres cigarette and blowing the red smoke in circles and squares in front of him with Steaks standing beside him silently.
     “ Steaks, why aren’t we moving faster?  I need us to catch them while I’m still alive,” asked Baub calmly in between puffs.
     “ we are at full speed right now, emperor, there isn’t much more we can do, but hope the Flashers slow them down,” said Steaks nervously as he kept his eyes looking forward.
     “ I worried as much, don’t give it a thought.  I still feel like I need to fire my laser canons.  Why don’t you go ahead and fire away it doesn’t matter if we hit spit, I just want the satisfaction of sending a deadly laser beam in their direction,” said Baub coldly as his smile grew wild and he thought of Famaron.
     “ Done, emperor, firing now,” said Steaks then he pressed the laser canon firing button and 8 laser bursts fired out of the front of the ship towards Solcrist.
     “ Nice, Steaks, they should run out of power before they get even close to them, but it’s the slight that counts,” said Baub snidely as he laughed to himself and then saw the Criffio’s heading towards him and asked,” What is that, Steaks, is it one of ours?  They should be engaging the enemy.  Well if it is one of ours blow it to pieces filthy cowards,” said Baub in disbelief as he squinted at the Criffio’s.
     The Criffio’s on the left began firing mini spells shaped like triangles from its arms like a machine gun.  The Criffio in middle did as well while the one on the right fired lightning bolts and red hand grenades from its mouth while it flew out of the wagon at a right angle.  Then the dragons fired off a wall of flames at the battleship melting their laser canons into large metal balls.
     The first wave of the triangular mini spells began filling the ship with tiny gargoyles with daggers who started running thru the halls stabbing anyone in sight.  50 soldiers were getting their eyes gouged, legs severed and throats slit by the gargoyles.  Then the second wave of mini spells hit just as the grenades and lightning bolts were destroying the front of the ship in a hail of explosions.  Inside the ship a 300 foot long half snake half Solisva appeared and began driving down the halls and swallowing soldiers whole and digesting them.  One after another some 2 at a time they were devoured whole.
     “ This is madness, Steaks, the ship is overrun.  We must use the escape pods.  Quickly, Steaks, come with me!” said Baub nervously as he ran over to the escape pod doors and pressed the open button.
     “ Of course, Emperor!” said Steaks loudly as he followed Baub.
     They jumped in the 2 escape pods and as they shut the pod doors the 30 foot snake burst into the room, but the escape pods launched as Baub saw the snake.  Then as Baub and Steaks were flying thru space the Criffio that was flying shot 6 triangular mini spells at Steaks and Baub.  When they hit their escape pods Baub’s filled with a mini red dragon who sat on Baub’s leg then looked at him fiercely and bit off his head and began devouring him.  Steaks on the other hand had his pod fill with an energy bear that was filled with 50,000 volts and when it touched Steaks he writhed back and forth and a white mucus came out of his mouth as blood came out of his eyes and he died a few seconds later.
     Back at Solcrist’s ship the Flashers were still attacking by blasting the sides of his ship and then Solcrist raised his staff and shouted,” Sea ccan’t revormi!”
     Then a red energy wave appeared and shot out from the ship and washed over the Flashers.  When it did it burned away their fuselage and left only the cockpits which floated helplessly in space with the shocked pilots inside.
     Then a Woright came barreling at Solcrist’s ship and launched 4 missiles which hit the right side and blew open a gaping hole.  Solcrist saw this and shouted,” Demdrebe lay!”
     Then a 20 foot tall blue Sarg on a jet powered black Solisva with a particle sword appeared in front of the Woright.
     A particle sword was a black dark matter sword that could disperse the particles of anything it touched.
     Then the Sarg rode towards the Woright, but the Woright saw her and veered away from Solcrist’s ship.  The Sarg pursued it and they darted back and forth and up and down as the Woright frantically tried to escape.  Then the Woright released a large square box of explosives behind it.  Then it exploded sending a defining loud explosion threw space and sent the Sarg flying backwards destroying its Solisva.  But the Sarg used its wings and flew after the Woright shooting flames burst out of its back for extra propulsion.  The Woright meanwhile started back towards Solcrist’s ship, but as it did the Sarg swooped down and thrust its particle sword into the top of the ship sending a geyser of scattered particles out into space in a river of green light.  The hole in the ship revealed a soldier sitting at a table eating a sandwich.  Then he got sucked out into space where the Sarg sunk its talons into his chest killing him.  Then the Sarg moved the particle sword from side to side until there was enough room for it to jump 
inside the Woright.  Once inside it began swinging the particle sword wildly in every direction.  The ship became filled with fire and smoke as large chunks of it floated away.   
     The pilots realized they were in trouble and hurried into the escape pods, but the Sarg burst into the cockpit and sliced his sword thru the center of the escape pods as well as the pilots themselves going right thru their torsos.  The 2 halves that were left of them fell on top of each other and they soon were dead.
     “ It looks like we’re free and clear now, Solcrist,” said Ratie as she looked at the hologram of Baub’s fleet heading back to Parscan.
     “ Yes, Ratie, it think that’s the last of them.  The question now is how long ‘til Goarote does his bidding on Parscan?” asked Solcrist as he chewed a steak stick.
     “ It won’t be that long look at the cluster of planets and moons and that sun at the edge of our solar system,” said Famaron breathlessly as he eyed the oncoming galaxy.
     “ Oh Goarote isn’t wasting any time,” said Solcrist softly as he looked at the encroaching galaxy.
     There was a giant green planet surrounded by 6 purple and blue moons that was closest, with a yellow sand planet twice the size of Parscan next.  Then there was a purple and red gas giant next that had an asteroid belt surrounding it filled with giant asteroids some the size of Earth.  Then came a red giant sun that was expanding by the second with 4 more smaller green and blue planets on its far side.  The entire solar system called Portblat was only the first of 6 in that galaxy heading straight for Parscan. 
     Meanwhile on Parscan inside Bearun sat Prasau in the royal dining hall with general Sliprom his half brother.
     Sliprom had lavender gelled straight up short hair and a thick red goatee.  His eyes looked perpetually pissed off.  He had a nose that had been broken 8 times and went in 4 different directions at each break.  His mouth was permanently frowning and he had pure white teeth that extended over his lips as he smiled.  He had a Halbaltic gang tattoo in the center of his forehead of a red and black cursive h with a dagger thru it.  He was 6’8” and a mountain of muscles.  He had small hands for his height with thin fingers.  He had on a gold satin stripped suit with only a single holographic medal that decreed he was a 6 star general.  He also had on blue leather boots with his personal gold plated Mutters attached to the side of the left boot.
     Inside the dining hall there was an upper case y shaped golden table with legs shaped like Baatolds with pink diamond eyes in the center of the room.  There was a built in dark blue quilt like tablecloth that had Veata’s image sewn into it showing her smiling as she held a long silver sword.  The chairs at the table were shaped like gargoyles and made from platinum with 4 white ivory legs per chair and there were 50 chairs at the table.  Around the outside of the table were 30 statues of every poet, writer, and hero from yesteryear that Veata loved like Duke Ermes Nogent.
     Duke Ermes Nogent was a distant descendant of Veata’s and started off as a doctor in his twenties, but later founded a secret order known as the Bucklocks.  The Bucklocks used their wealth and influence to crush the world’s economy thus giving them even more power.  Then they raised the prices on basic goods and squeezed the common man until he was desperate and happy with anything he received.  Then they lifted up the economy and gave the common folk the understanding it was the Bucklocks who saved them.  Then they had the ultimate power as the people worshipped them and honestly believed that every good thing in their life was given to them by the Bucklocks.  In the years that followed the people were easily swayed to the Bucklocks ideas and whims, because they were so appreciative.  Then 
the Bucklocks continued this process every time the people were either too happy or they started to question their authority and revolt.      
     The walls bowed inward every 6 feet and were emerald green marble with a door of red maple at the center of each wall shaped like an egg.  The ceiling was 32 feet high and covered in a hologram of a scene from the movie,” The end at Stamina.”
     The end at Stamina was a movie about a pair of identical triplets that grow up separately on 3 different continents.  As they grow up and mature they all become rabble rousers and lust for power.  Then they each form armies and try to take over the world.  The story climaxes with a bloody battle in the hills of Vertize with all 3 armies destroying one another completely.
     Prasau was eating a plate of alfredo pasta rolls at the head of the table with a bottle of blue wine next to his plate called Orehey’s Blue.  Next to him sat general Sliprom eating a large piece of Dowa bird and red cheese pizza and having a can of Cortie soda pop.
     Cortie was a green colored soda that had a built in energy enhancer that lasted 12 hours.
     “ You know this Veata has got herself a nice sense of décor.  I can’t remember the last time I sat in a room that looked like it was about to run off,” said Sliprom straight faced as he tried not to grin.
     Then Prasau laughed and almost choked on his pasta roll and then put his hand up and said smoothly,” I’m not worried about it running I just don’t want to have to chase it.”
     Then Sliprom laughed and said quickly,” Chase it, Goarote no then you’ve got to skin it and these babies are solid.”
     Prasau laughed slightly and then said wryly,” I didn’t quite get where you were going with that one, but the wine still drinks the same.  Alright look, Sliprom, now that we’ve run off all the undesirables from Parscan you and I need to talk about doing away with Baub as we planned.” 
     “ Good point I think my pair of assassins on his flag ship will take care of him tonight if the opportunity arises.  If not, I’ve got a chef with a flask of powerful poison who will season his breakfast so to speak.  Either way he’ll be dead before he knows what hit him and Parscan will be ours my brother,” said Sliprom snidely as he reached out and grabbed Prasau’s shoulder and squeezed it. 
     “ Good, Sliprom, this I believe is our destiny.  We were born for true divinity and poor Baub was born for death at the hands of a friend.  And when we have control, we’ll squeeze out all the riches we can from the people who lived.  Then, Sliprom, we will have the life we were promised, then we will be kings,” said Prasau boldly then he saw the sun coming up and he noticed it was brighter and asked,” What is this treachery, Sliprom?”
     Then Sliprom looked out the window and saw the red sunlight and said nervously,” I know not, let us see it more closely.”
     Then they hurried to the window and then went out onto the landing and saw the red giant and their own sun filling the sky with a series of planets and moons nearly on top of them and Prasau’s jaw dropped and he said nervously,” Oh no, Sliprom, it is the end of us all.  We were duped my brother, sold a bill of goods.”
     “ We must get into the air and try to escape!” said Sliprom frantically as he pulled on Prasau’s arm.
     “ We’re dead already…there’s no way to escape that sun.  I can feel the air it’s got to be 125 degrees right now.  In another hour we’ll all be burned to death.  Sliprom, if we go into space we’ll meet the same fate only sooner.  Make your peace my friend, cause we are lost,” said Prasau as he began to tremble.
     “ We have to try, I’m leaving with or without you!” said Sliprom frantically then he ran down the ramp as fast as he could.
     When Sliprom got to the bottom he ran over to his Woright and quickly went inside.  He raced to the pilots seat and lifted off.  Once he was in the air he looked back and saw Prasau on his knees sobbing and said softly,” Brother, your foolish heart has failed you.”
     Then Sliprom raced out of Parscan’s atmosphere, but as he did a wave of heat and radiation washed over his ship.  It began melting the outside of the ship and Sliprom began feeling sick from the radiation.  He vomited and started to cough loudly.  As he got further into space the heat intensified and his ship began melting away more rapidly until the nose of the ship was half gone.  Then a red moon from a neighboring galaxy came flying towards his ship and he shouted,” Save me, Goarote, please save me!”
     But the moon kept coming and it barreled into his ship smashing it to pieces.  Then the moon continued onward towards Parscan.  At Bearun Prasau saw the sky fill with the moon as he wiped away the tears from his eyes and he pleaded,” I was good, I was a friend to all.  Let this poor soul live for more my god.”
     Then a burst from the encroaching sun shot the temperature up 30 degrees and Prasau gasped for air as his skin began to form bubbles and turned beat red.  Then he staggered towards Bearun, but as he did the moon pierced the atmosphere of Parscan and day became night.  Prasau fell to his knees and 
struggled for the castle.  Then in a flash the moon hit and continued deep into the ground sending a wave of debris, fire, and dust in every direction.  Suddenly the world of Parscan was enveloped in a never ending cloud of flames that killed every person and animal as it swept across the surface.  The moon began breaking the world apart and chunks of it sailed into space, but the red giant that was getting nearer every second melted all the debris as it left the atmosphere.  Then the red giant got so close it burned away the surface of the planet.  Then a minute later it began to destroy the edge of the world as it quickly headed for Parscan.  Then Goarote pushed the red giant quickly and it engulfed all of Parscan and suddenly it and all its people’s accomplishments were no more.
     On board Veata’s battleship she sat watching the destruction on a holographic projector with a tear in her eye.  And then she said softly,” All the years and many struggles for hope, gone in an instant.”
     Inside Ratie’s ship she sat and said nothing as she thought of all her memories.  Then she thought of her father and his ruthlessness and smiled to herself and said,” When the evil of one becomes many, all is lost.”
     “ That’s from Paimes’s last manuscript, and it’s truer now than when it was written in the 200 years war.  Then he also said when children can no longer dream the mind no longer is a thought, but only an afterthought.  My how we blew it,” said Solcrist as he looked at the debris where Parscan had been.
     Paimes was a short story writer and avid believer in Goarote’s principles who wrote 3 manuscripts each of which conjured up different finalities and realizations about life.  One of which was a short story titled,” When we discerned hope,” that had the passage,” When the killers of us that come when we sleep feel the due they are owed, then the rest of us will have also failed as it took God’s hand to aid and he only comes once and only to reckon.”  Paimes live in the mountain city called Bugeras that was 
propped up by enormous red Turnpody trees that made up its base.  After only a year there they declared him king and he married a native woman named Colkix Pomau.  This union fostered 50 children and later was referred to as a Dun marriage or wed for life as they were married 80 years,  In the last year of his life he spent 8 hours a day constantly speaking in the town square uncontrollably.  He let his subconscious and his inner monologue take over and random thoughts came out of him.  A young woman began writing them down and the book that came from it was later called,” Paimes’s gift,” and it had a passage that read,” Why am I all that is and surrounded by idiots who can’t make bread.  Why can’t trees cook my breakfast and trim my beard twice daily I need a cup full of sun or death be your friend.”
     Famaron looked at the devastation and thought of his family and all his friends who betrayed him and then stood up and began pacing around the room and then said sternly,” I hate to say this now, but there are challenges ahead.  We need to get to Permea and we need to convince them to take in 7 ships worth of refugees.”
     “ He’s right we can’t dwell on this for long.  These ships only have so much in the way of supplies and if they won’t take us on Permea we need to have a backup plan,” said Ohgood as he chewed an Orcut wafer and sat cross legged on the floor.
     “ He’s right, if we can’t stay there we’ll need another planet close by,” said Dornoa.
     “ O.K. then let’s check the star map of that region,” said Famaron as he typed in his request to the ship’s computer and then a holographic map of that solar system appeared and he said,” There’s 4 habitable planets in their system Corac, Enen, Sorfla and of course Permea.  It looks like they all have large land masses and plenty of vegetation, but Sorfla is mostly ice and snow.”
     “ Sorfla is out, Ratie don’t do cold no way,” said Ratie quickly as she nodded her head no and rolled her eyes.
     Then they all laughed and Famaron said happily,” Ah, I’m with Ratie on this, life’s too short for endless winter.  Of the other two Corac is the least populated compared to its size although it’s only slightly smaller than Permea.  The question with Corac is, is it a place with magic or not?” asked Famaron as he grimaced and grinded his teeth.
     “ That is the only question that matters, but I say we worry about that when the time comes.  For now let’s just get to Permea,” said Solcrist as he looked at the hologram of Permea and grinned at the idea of Qualpork.
     “ I agree and at our current speed we’ll enter their atmosphere in 5 hours.  Which suits me and my tired back just fine,” said Ratie brightly as she stretched her back.
     “ Can’t come soon enough I just want to get there and get settled.  And until I do I won’t be able to relax.  I’m gonna get a bit of food and catch up on an episode of, “The Brother of fate,” said Famaron as he browsed thru the ships entertainment logs.
     The t.v. show,” The brother of fate,” was about 4 brothers who inherit a priceless art collection from their grandparents.  Then they use the money to open a lavish nightclub called “The Surge”.  After a few months the club is attacked by a group of ruthless gangsters who want a share of the profits called the Herits.  The Herits begin killing patrons as they head for their vehicles as they’re leaving the club.  Then Bromi the oldest brother buys a dozen high powered laser canons and starts a bloody battle with the Herits.  After 6 months of war there is a member of the Herits cast into a purple diamond and held as ransom, but the Herits say simply he got what he deserved and the war raged on.
         “ I love the Brother of fate I could just never figure out how the youngest brother was able to run the whole family.  You’d think the oldest brother Ramshickle with his size and brains would have kept the younger brother, what is it…Pemsey in line the whole time,” said Ratie as she tried to find a show to watch.
     “ I know Ramshickle could kill that little brat.  Maybe he just loves him so much he lets him have it to boost his confidence,” said Veata as she sipped a glass of green wine.
     “ Yeah that makes sense I never thought of it that way, Veata, nice thinkin’ the part of my brain that works thanks you,” said Ratie jokingly as she smiled foolishly.
     “ That part of my brain that cares says you’re welcome, only kidding, I think, but it was my brain that told me to say that, Ratie,” said Veata coyly as she smiled.
     “ Oh ho ho now that was devious I think we’re a little punchy after all that’s happened.  I think we need some wine and a bit of entertainment,” said Ratie as she watched the random thought projector.
     The random thought projector was a slide show of random people doing random things that a college professor named Tormot taped every summer.
     “ Here here to that, I could use a stiff drink and a solid hour of pure nothing,” said Ohgood slyly as he smiled.
     “ Yes, nothin’ sounds like a good plan to me, but only if there’s steak sticks involved,” said Lucern as he typed in his order on the captain’s chair armrest and then the hot steak sticks rose up out of the floor in front of him and he said happily,” service without a smile now that’s progress.”
     “ Lucern has got the right idea.  I’m signing out while I watch the murder episode of Brother of Fate,” said Veata as she pressed a button and the chair turned into a bed and blankets came out of the floor.
     After 5 hours in space at maximum speed of the speed of light the 7 battleships drew near to Permea.  The planet was half red ocean called the Bloodlet and the rest was lush and green except for the Prampt yellow mountains which formed a circle around the round continent of Dars and shot almost out of the atmosphere.  The mountain range was home to the Deveo people.  The Deveo were lightly tanned and had long blonde hair that had a natural shine to it.  They had carved over 2000 miles of a giant cave city known as Packot which also went a mile into the ground.  Each of the caves were made from either red, green, or magenta colored stone and were filled with electronics that the Deveo had created or stolen like the invisibility necklace that did what it said.  The leader of the Deveo were the Dasher family headed by king Mouca Dasher.  The Dasher’s had an enormous castle that was 1 million square feet and included their own underground lake and a collection of rooms they’d removed from conquered people’s homes.
The other continent on Permea was called the Bowayn and had a massive plain which swooped every few yards.  And there were red sand circles every so often that were 50 feet across and had a single Gruce tree in the center.
     The Gruce tree was shaped like a dagger and grew 100 feet up with round pancake like branches with red Goger apples that the Gips bears lived on.
     Gips bears were orange in color with red squares on them.  They grew 10 feet tall and had a nose that resembled a eagles beak.
     The Haborm people lived on the Bowayn continent as well as the Dirki, Peom, Sands and the Orfin, each of which stuck primarily to their own territory with the Peom being a group of 1 million wizards.  The Sands were a people of great size towering over 9 feet with red hair so thick on their bodies they looked like wild animals.  The Orfin were a race of half breeds with their ability to stay underwater for months at a time and their blue scaly skin and fin shaped heads.  They lived in a massive city under the red Bloodlet ocean.  They were well known for their short tempers and savage violence.
     The Dirki were a race of green skins with purple curly hair.  They were a small people only 4 feet tall or less and very slight of build.  They lived in clay mound shaped huts in the city of Purku.  They were well known for their lack of smarts and were easily duped.  The city of Purku had a giant natural fresh water fountain in the center of town that provided all the water for a hundred miles and was guarded by armed Dirki soldiers for fear of it being tampered with.
     The Haborm were a race of geniuses that spent all of their time enriching their lives thru knowledge.  They each had a responsibility to write 8 350 page books before they were 30 or face violent reprisal.  They also had to come up with an original piece of electronics before age 35 of face death.  They had a stark white skin with small and large black circles all over their arms and legs with their faces being blue in color with red eyes.  Their skulls were elongated and had giant frontal lobes as well as a square portion on the top of their heads.  They were normal sized, but with long muscular arms and legs and hands the size of a catcher’s mitt.  They were ruled over by the Torm Sort council, which was headed by Reaven Omyeto.  They lived in the beach community of Leseroak and had a massive network of skyscrapers made from green and blue steel with yellow hourglass shaped windows that spelled out Reaven’s name across 50 buildings and his likeness.
     “ We’re here everyone prepare yourselves for niceness,” said Ratie as she eyed the city of Packot.  
     “ Finally and just when Ramshickle was about to tell the secret of the Tames murders,” said Famaron playfully as he turned off the t.v. show hologram.
     “ It was Dr. Noon I’ve seen that episode,” said Ohgood quickly as he stretched his arms.
     “ Great thanks for ruining it, I watch a show for 5 hours and he tells me the ending,” said Famaron in disbelief as he stood up and walked closer to the hologram of Packot and took a better look and said softly,” Looks hospitable to me.”
     “ Look again we’ve got company,” said Ohgood boldly as he saw a Mehelux fighter jet.
     The Mehelux was dark green with black swirls running the length of it.  It was shaped like a catfish and had 2 gunner’s seats extending out ten feet from where the eyes would be.  It also had a large round central laser canon on either side of the ship that could blow right thru most shields.  It had an array of missiles that lowered out of the undercarriage once in flight, with one called a Tomcu that would chase down a vessel then implode and send a nuclear explosion forward after the victim.  The ship was 300 feet long and 50 feet wide and could carry 70 soldiers on board.  It also had an array of multi colored lights all over the ship that constantly created different pictures of the Dasher family and their crest.
     “ Now that is an odd craft.  I wonder what he wants?” asked Veata as she got ready to fire her laser canon.
     “ We’ll find out soon enough I’m being hailed,” said Famaron then he opened the hailing channel and Corpig Leman’s hologram appeared in front of him.
     A Corpig was a high ranking soldier who had completed the 7 years of ways to kill someone training as well as mastered the art of pure treachery and deception by reading the Larm V manual.
     The Larm V manual covered every mind trick and ploy as well as every rebuttal known to man.
     Leman Trem was 6’0” feet tall and very muscular with broad square shoulders that had spikes protruding from them.  His hair was blonde and braided on the sides in 2 large braids that looked like jet engines.  He was clean shaven except for a blonde letter y shaped pieces on his chin with a red diamond in the center.  He had a small thin nose that stopped at his upper lip.  His mouth was small with thin lips and an under bite.  He had red teeth that were perfectly straight and pointy.  He had on a burgundy satin jumpsuit with his name on the front alongside Mouca Dasher’s face in black thread.  He also had on golden silk shoes with thin black rubber soles that had the mark of Burnrih on the sides.
     Burnrih was the spiritual leader of the Deveo people and wrote their bible when he was 10 years old called,” The Scourge.”  The Scourge was 2000 pages long and covered every topic and situation you would ever run into in your life like the paragraph about friendship with god that went,” At the moment I trust his plan we are friends and nothing less.  On the days I cherish the seconds and fill my mind with hope we are more than friends.  But when I ask for presents and guidance when I won’t accept the truth of my problems then we are less then friends and desperate close to enemies and the worst of it comes my way.”  Burnrih now in his 100’s lives in the Jemron temple at the top of the Dasher castle in a 10,000 square foot sanctuary made specifically for him.  His distinctive unebrow of red and black hair and his giant arcing nose give him away every time.  He stands 6’5” and weighs 380 pounds with a rounded set of muscles.  His goatee is dark brown and as thick as concrete.  He wears only his dark green empirical robe with the lessons of late magic written all over it in red lettering.
     Lessons of late magic are the 300 spells a wizard learns after the age of 30 that take 2 weeks each to master.  The spells are the most powerful and most deadly using the full spectrum of beasts and dark magic.
     “ Go no further, sir, until we can determine your intentions.  I need to know why you have entered our atmosphere and why you are visiting our planet?” asked Leman sternly as he eyed Famaron.
     “ My name is Famaron and I was the emperor of Parscan before it was destroyed by Goarote.  Now my friends and I are seeking a new world to call home.  We had hoped you would let us live here with you,” said Famaron warmly as he raised his eyebrows and held his lips softly.
     “ Nice to meet you, Famaron, I am sorry to hear of your troubles, but I am not the one to speak to if you are seeking asylum,” said Leman.
     “ Then who would that be?” asked Famaron as he sat back in his seat slightly.
     “ Our king, Mouca Dasher I could bring you to him if you like,” said Leman coyly.
     “ I would indeed, where shall we land our ships?” asked Famaron as he looked intently at Leman’s Gasou pistol.  
     Gasou pistols were dark red in color and had a black handle with a thin layer of rubber.  The barrels were made from thin steel and could fire tiny slow moving red square bullets that grew into large round red fireballs that could devour a man with a single shot.
     “ On the plain at the base of the mountain, then we’ll take a Konno up the mountain,” said Leman sternly.
      A Konno is a silver bullet shaped anti gravity ship.  It has a pair of 2 way silver oval shaped windows on the front and 3 red windows on the sides and read of the ship.  It has a pair of laser machine guns that sit 4 feet out from the sides of the ship and can be operated by the captain.  It also has a large purple energy bubble around the ship that acts as a force field and can be used to shatter the sides of any ship that bump into it.  The ship is 40 feet long and 30 feet wide and can also dig deep into the ground.
     “ Sounds good, we’ll follow you in,” said Famaron then he grabbed a cup of hot coffee and took a sip.
     Then Leman turned his Mehelux around by doing a sideways flip and sped towards Packot with the 7 battleships right behind him.  As they got closer a blue wave of energy washed over all the ships and mapped all their weapons systems.
     “ What was that?” asked Ratie quickly.
     “ I think we were just scanned.  It’d be wise to be ready for combat, that was not the action of a friend,” said Solcrist as he pursed his lips and thought of Goarote’s words to him.
     “ He’s right this may be a trap.  I’m putting the weapons systems on manual.  I’d advise you to do the same,” said Veata firmly then she pressed the manual control buttons.
     “ Very wise, Veata,” said Ohgood as he did the same.
     The city of Packot had 2 1000 foot high statues at its entrance 500 yards from the city with a 200 foot high red concrete wall surrounding the city.  The statues were of Mouca and depicted him holding a Maravin in each hand.
     A Maravin was a breed of half bird half fish with a black scaly body and a large red feather egg shaped head.  It also had 2 giant blue eyes that looked right thru you.  It had large claws instead of hands, but also had a long yellow fin at the end of its torso.  It could fly thru the air using its wings and also swim deep beneath the ocean which made it an ideal messenger for Mouca.
     Along the top of the wall dozens of Gasou machine guns were set up in little cubby holes with Corpigs sitting at them watching the battleships closely.  Beyond the wall sat a green grassy plain that went for a mile up to the foot of the city, with dozens of small novelty shops made from wood all over the plain.  Each of these shops were shaped like common items like a shoe or bottle and sold things like Gack.
     Gack was a red and green triangular meat made from the Gack and it tasted like filet mignon combined with apple pie.
     The Gack was a green pig like creature with a long square snout, but with long antlers made from meat that were used for breakfast sausage.  There were 25 different dishes that came from the Gack giving it the nickname,” The animal of feasts and parties.”
     The city of Packot itself was six 4500 foot tall square protruding monoliths that were red, turquoise, blue, yellow, and black marble with thousands of different shaped windows all over their faces.  There was also a network of elevators and hangar bays up and down the red and blue monoliths that had thousands of ships coming in and out and heading off in every direction.  There was the face of Mouca carved across the 4 buildings and on top of them was the Dasher family castle made from green marble and steel that was shaped like a pyramid with a large white orb on top.  The castle had its own hangar bay at the bottom and the orb was filled with the collection of rooms from conquered peoples.
     The 7 battleships landed on the grassy plain side by side and everyone exited the ship and were met by Leman who asked,” Which 5 of you will be coming to see the king?”
     Everyone looked at each other and Dornoa and Lucern just nodded that it was o.k. if they stayed and Famaron said,” It’ll be us 5 here,” said Famaron as he pointed to Ratie, Ohgood, Veata, and Solcrist.
     “ Good, we’ll be taking that Konno that’s coming this way,” said Leman as he turned and looked at a Konno that was gliding over the grass and heading straight for them.
     “ Now that’s a ship, I really haven’t seen anything like it anywhere,” said Ratie as she watched the ship fly in sideways and stop just before Leman.
     The side of the Konno lowered down and created a ramp to enter and Leman said sternly,” Please do not draw any weapons on board or the ship’s computer will interpret that as a threat and cut you down where you stand.  It’s best to do as I say ‘til we arrive at the castle.”
     “ Yeah I agree dying is bad,” said Ratie jokingly as she grinned and nudged Ohgood softly.
     “ Yes, Ratie, death would be a Semport for sure,” said Ohgood in disgust as he tried not to laugh out loud.
     Semport is a word meaning bad break or bad thing on Parscan.  It comes from the death of Duke Ills Semport who had 3000 spikes put into every part of his body with long chains attached to 5 Solisva’s.  Then they sped away tearing him to pieces.  He received this horrible death after cheating at a card game full of Halbaltic gang members where they found the sunglasses he was wearing had infrared scanners that could see thru the cards.
     As they entered the Konno there were 15 mannequins of various different warriors from yesteryear like a Crahim which had silver tubes coming out of its ears and its mouth a blue foot, with black built in oval sunglasses on their eyes.  The mannequins lined the walls of a square room with no apparent doors.  But as they walked in and the ramp retracted the floor began to rise and lifted them into the living quarters.
     “ It had only 4 round white beds with pillows and blankets in a circle.  There was also a large holographic projector on the left wall playing the movie,” Dust Takers,” on it.
     Dust Takers was about a group of 4 scientists who begin stealing DNA from people by grabbing large barrels of dust from metropolitan areas.  Then they stole all their best genes and spliced them with their own.  Thus they became super people with a lifespan of 175 years and massive brain capacities.  The star of the film was Petibed Finks a Haborm actor.  Petibed had seal black hair and a perfectly square jaw.  He stood 6’4” and could lift over 1500 pounds over his head.  He was well known for his acting ability and was said to be the only man who could play god in a film, because he was the only man without a conscience.  He said once to a reporter,” The days I am a person are the days I’m pretending to be.  The other days just melt together like a bowl of ice cream and I regret their every second.”
     “ It’s this way,” said Leman calmly as he walked towards and thru a secret passageway in between the beds as the wall swung inward.
     “ Nice trick, I need to learn that one,” said Famaron as he walked thru the secret passageway into a brief hallway with grey concrete walls.
     At the end of the hall there was a red leather chair that was shaped like a snake.  Leman sat down on it and the chair swung around and the wall opened up into a large bridge.  There were 10 black and red 
chairs floating in an arc in front of a large plasma window, with a hologram of Mouca in the center of the room.  There was also a 10 foot long brown leather couch along the left wall with a large silver computer hard drive on either side of it that was on a rotating swivel.  There was also a series of weapons inside a glass case marked,” In case all is lost,” that included a dozen Gasou pistols and 8 large staffs.  The walls of the bridge were covered in an outdoor hologram that gave the illusion of being outside.  The floor had a soft Gack fur covering every inch of it.
     Leman sat down in the middle captain’s chair and it shot forward 5 feet as he did and a steering and weapons column sprang up from the floor and he said happily,” I’d sit down if I were you.”
     “ Ah…yeah,” said Solcrist as he hurried over to a captain’s chair as did everyone else very quickly.
     Then the Konno shot forward at tremendous velocity as it started to rise up the mountain at a perfect 45 degree angle.  As they rode past the Deveo they could see many smiling faces and people going about their day.  Then Ohgood saw a pair of men aiming Gasou pistols at 2 women.  Then they suddenly blasted them and the women were engulfed in flames.  Ohgood turned to tell Famaron, but he had seen and just shook his head no and waved his hand.  Veata had also seen and they all looked at each other in shock.
     “ This is a beautiful city you have here.  Does it have a self sufficient nature or do you rely on other peoples to sustain your life here?” asked Solcrist as he eyed the Dasher castle’s front entrance.
     “ We use the Peom for Hobas and the Dirki for all our Gack needs as well as most vegetables.  So in answer to your question we are not, but there are many things the other races rely on us for like our Eyebrem drops,” said Leman smoothly as he chose his words carefully and made sure not to say too much, but he feared he had.
     “ Hobas I’ve never heard of or Gack or Eyebrem, what exactly are those are they edible?” asked Ratie as she pouted her lips and used a child like voice.
     “ Hobas is a thick blue powder that gives us our intellect, physical strength, speed and creates an inner joy that we all share on Permea.  Gack is a form of delicious meat that you will surely taste and love.  It’s the one thing all of us agree on here.  And Eyebrem is the wizards true friend as it can take a normal staff or medallion and turn it into a hugely powerful item.  So much so that some wizards have rubbed Eyebrem on their staffs and created a separate reality away from this one.  There’s literally 500,000 wizards who’ve vanished into what’s called the Joram and never returned,” said Leman happily then he reached into his pocket and pulled out a vile filled with a red metallic liquid and said ,” Here is Eyebrem be careful with it.”
     Then he handed it to Ratie and as he did it began to glow brightly and Ratie asked softly,” Wow it’s really amazing, can we try some on our staffs?” 
     “ Of course, but be very careful what spells you cast as they will take on a life of their own,” said Leman sternly as he gave Ratie a stern look.
     Then Ratie opened the vile and a puff of circular light came out and a low hum started.  She took her staff and held it between her knees and then poured a few drops on the tip and then said brightly,” O.K. let’s see what happens the next time I cast a spell.”
     Then everyone else poured some on their staffs except for Ohgood who said slyly,” I’ve got all the power I can handle thank you.”
     Then Solcrist stood up and raised his staff and shouted,” B gampa try flying!”
     Then outside the Konno a cauldron of blue flames appeared and out of it sprang a 50 foot tall Sarg riding a red glowing orb with a long spear in its hand.  It rode beside the Konno and then threw its spear up and out of the atmosphere and it sailed right into their moon of Shor.  The spear went 200 feet into the moon and a large plume of blue moon dust shot out into space.
     “ Interesting, the size and power of the Sarg have tripled.  Granted that was only a test and true combat will be different, but still it intrigues an old man who thought he’d seen it all,” said Solcrist as he put his index finger to his mouth.
     “ On second thought I’ll take some Eyebrem.  Let’s face it that’s the biggest Sarg any of us have ever seen,” said Ohgood as he took the vile from Veata and then dumped a bit on the end of his staff.
     “ We’re nearing the castle have yourselves a look.  The Dasher family built all of this over the past 500 years.  And wait ‘til you see the inside it is truly astonishing to behold,” said Leman as he steered up around the front.
     “ It’s truly a wonder, Mouca has a vast mind to build something so grand.  It reminds me a little of my former home just, not…” said Famaron as he started to lose it so he stopped speaking.
     Veata rubbed his hand and then said,” It’s a masterpiece, I love it.”
     Then they rode into the hangar bay and landed at the far end on a round white and red floating landing pad.  The hangar bay had thousands of ships going in and out all the while.  The ceiling was 50 feet high and had several circles cut into it for a fleet of Konno’s to be lowered down in case of attack.  The floor of the hangar bay was red marble and had hundreds of electrical inputs and outputs to fix ships as well as charge their power cells.  The walls depicted the death of Lronic Gum in full color from one end to the other.
     Lronic Gum was the most famous actor and comedian on Permea for over 3 decades.  He coined the phrase,” Questions are for idiots so ask me anything?”  He also started a society known as ,” The blank stares,” that made untold amounts of mischief all over the world including scattering themselves in large crowds then suddenly falling to the ground and pretending to be having a stroke while others yelled out,” It’s Armageddon save yourselves!”  They also pulled off the first sabotage of a Dasher family press conference about their plans for the year ahead.  What they did was put 30 fake reporters in the royal question hall and each of them would ask a ridiculous question like,” Why is your whole family a bunch of shameless bastards?  And my follow up is do you use your finger to wipe your butt?”  Then that reporter would be literally thrown out and the next reporter would ask another ridiculous question until Mouca canceled the press conference.  Well after years of wrecking havoc in a playful way a group of 4 men decided to even the score.  They set up an obstacle course of 10 booby traps.  Then chased Lronic Gum into it, each of the traps destroyed a different part of his body leaving only his dapper smiling head remaining on a pike.  
     Everyone made their way out of the Konno and out into the hangar bay where Leman turned to them and said wryly,” Only the givers of life go any further.  Be you brave be you wise, but be you not angry at heart as Mouca is a lover of joy.”
     “ Me me and me you just described my every molecule to the largest degree,” said Ohgood slyly as he grinned.
     “ This way,” said Leman quickly with a smile then he walked up to the wall in the center and pressed both hands to the picture of Lronic.
     Then the wall folded inward into a staircase that gently spiraled upward.  Then up walked Leman with everyone behind him.  The walls of the staircase were covered in 4 pictures of Rnto.
     Rnto was a phase of true happiness that a Haborm scientist found a way to photograph the actual emotion instead of the person.  The camera tapped into the actual brainwaves and amplified them into a series of brain generated pictures.
     As they got to the top there was a black wooden oval shaped door with the Dasher crest of a skull smashing thru a red wall drawn on it in gold.  Leman gently touched the center of it and it exploded inward revealing a massive throne room.
     It had 2 large red thrones of gold, with diamond encrusted designs all over them in the center of the room.  There was also 4 smaller thrones that went in descending order on the left side of the largest throne that were covered in green silk cushions and made from gold and silver.  In a circle around the thrones there was 8 white marble 2 foot high fountains in the image of gargoyles riding Gips bears and holding long crooked swords.  There was green and purple water flowing from spouts in their eyes.  Beyond the fountains were 7 large arching white leather and gold satin couches that had built in individual holographic projectors for each person.  The couches formed a circle 5 feet back from the fountains.  Behind the couches were mahogany cases filled with family heirlooms like ancient staffs, gold rings with giant blue diamonds and even solid gold exact size statues of every Dasher who had held the throne.  On top of the cases there was a large patio that stretched to the walls and had a dozen liquid chairs.
     Liquid chairs were made from wine and apple juice that had a spell cast on it making it sturdy enough to sit on and still not get wet.     
In front of the liquid chairs were landscape portals that gave you a window to different parts of Permea.
     The floor of the throne room was covered with hundreds of area rugs all of which being different colors and shapes.  The ceiling of the room was made from wood and raised up over 100 feet with dozens of Emifids.
     Emifids were a bat like creature with dark red scaly skin and long wings with sharp talons.  They have dark purple rectangular eyes and red fangs.
     Sitting in the thrones sat Mouca, Greride, Lamsilk, Garci, Broy and the littlest Cepain Dasher.
     Mouca had tan skin and long curly blonde hair with green stars dyed into them.  He also had a purple goatee with a tiny vile of Hobas tied into it.  His eyes were only half open as his thoughts were never rushed and were lime green in color.  His nose was big and wide and turned up at the end.  He was 5’8” 187 pounds with a rugged physique.  He had on a white robe that had Gack fur along the collar.  He also had on a black satin shirt and pants with his crest sewn across his chest in red.  He had on a pair of tan leather slippers with the words,” Stop asking,” written on the sides.
     “ King ‘o mine these people have come to Permea to request asylum.  This man here was the emperor of Parscan and his name is Famaron,” said Leman as he closed his eyes and put his hands palms up in front of him.
     “ Really, hello there, Famaron, I am Mouca and this is my wife Greride and our 4 children.  Tell me about the WAS part, in the emperor of Parscan,” said Mouca slowly as he pressed a button and 6 red wooden chairs with yellow cushions immediately were brought into the room and set behind everyone.
     “ Ah, thank you,” said Famaron as he sat down as well as everyone else and then said warmly,” The was consisted of a total destruction of Parscan by Goarote as per he felt the people had gone horribly wrong.  Thus we are essentially seeking a new home.”
     “ I see, well I have no problem letting you reside here under the understanding that all of you to a woman recognize that I am your KING!” said Mouca loudly as he glared at everyone and looked at his wife and nodded.
     Greride had lavender hair that was long and cascaded over her shoulders with tiny curls at the tips.  She had orange startled eyes and a beautiful strong nose with a small dimple in the tip.  Her lips were thick and her mouth lacked any humor.  She had high cheekbones and a thin soft neck.  She was 5’10” and had a thin, but curvaceous figure and weighed 124 pounds.  She had tattoos of gargoyles on her fingertips that covered only a quarter of them.  She was wearing a black silk formal dress with ruffled white shoulders, as well as a pair of burgundy satin slippers with black dragons embroidered onto the toe of each shoe.
     Everyone stared at Mouca in shock and then Greride said warmly,” This is our price for you staying here and it is a fair price.”
     “ Ah…yes it is and we do swear allegiance to you as king,” said Ratie calmly as she looked at Famaron then Mouca.
     “ Yes that goes for all of us,” said Solcrist as he secretly worried about what Mouca was asking.
     “ Good, but I still haven’t heard from you, emperor, which is it yeah or nay?” asked Mouca snidely as he shifted in his throne. 
     “ Yeah, of course it’s yes we just want to do what’s right and abide by your rules and customs,” said Famaron smoothly as he wondered if they’d chosen the right planet.
     “ Good, I’d hoped you’d come around.  Now we need to find a place for you all to live as those battleships won’t do.  I can put you, emperor, and your friends here with us in our castle.  The rest of you will have to stay in Gorma Highlands I’ve got a brother there who owns a new city made of 5 story buildings called Crockholm.  Trust me it will be fine,” said Mouca sternly as he looked over everyone.
     “ Great, thank you, Mouca, we appreciate the gesture.  And we are thrilled to be staying in your castle.  Now we’ll just unload our things and start our new lives.  What sort of things will you need us to do?” asked Famaron.
     “ I’m glad you asked, emperor, because we are currently in a war with the Peom.  They’ve decided to destroy us and all we stand for, but we will fight ‘til none remain.  You will be of great aid to me with your knowledge of war and military tactics.  I will keep you close and give you the title Serumtic,” said Mouca sternly as he stood up and walked over to Famaron.
     “ What is a Serumtic?” asked Famaron.
     “ It is the 3rd most powerful position there is with only my wife and I above you.  It gives you total freedom to command my troops as well as complete use everything I own.  You will grow fat with the perks of your new station and you will know no boundaries.  We must win this war or suffer eternal death together,” said Mouca boldly as he put his hand on Famaron’s shoulder.
                                          






     Inside the Peom crystal and gold Emred castle sat the leader of the Peoms Rinship Tedtra in a black Wormou head’s chair.
     The Wormou were a huge dark blue fish that had a leathery skin and green bowling ball sized eyes.  They were 60 feet in length and had long arms like a man’s, with long jagged fingers with sharp talons.  They also had a round see thru portal on the sides of their stomachs that made it possible to see their hearts and lungs.
     Rinship Tedtra had tan colored mid length straight hair with a black widows peak.  He also had purple joyful eyes and a wide frowning mouth.  His nose was triangular in shape with a pronounced rounded tip.  He was 6’3” and 230 pounds with huge meaty hands and abnormally wide feet.  He had a dagger scar under his chin that gave him the look of a criminal, but he had received it in a fight with a homeless man when he wouldn’t give him a dollar.  He had on a red cotton and cashmere long jacket with swirls of orange along the coat tails.  He also had on a white satin shirt with green Gebo energy sticks in the pockets.
     Gebo energy sticks were green and red tubes filled with dense ridiculous magic that when thrown at someone caused a burst of mini spells to engulf them.
     He also had on a pair of light brown corduroy pants with a Gasou pistol harness along the right leg with a Gasou in it.  And he had on black Semsip sneakers with white soles.
     Semsip sneakers were made from Gack skins and a rare Dirki rubber.  They also had a anti gravity coil in the heels that allowed you to levitate off the ground several feet, as well as spin and do flips in the air.
     Inside the Openheim room sat Rinship as he watched a 70 foot tall and 100 foot wide monitor of the Deveo city of Packot.  The room also had petrified captured Deveo soldiers lined up in 2 rows that came straight out from the edge of the monitor.  Behind them there was a piece of the Poast river flowing in and then out of the room thru a black marble tunnel, with Rinship’s small turquoise jet boat tied to a wooden post on the edge of the Poast.  The opposite side of the room had 5 different colors and shaped doors that led to the castle.  The floor of the room had a thin layer of used magic that colored it red and made it soft as a baby’s skin to the touch.  The ceiling had 5 different types of rooms that would lower down at the touch of a button and the other room rise up.
     “ Curse you Deveo!” shouted Rinship as he threw a bottle of wine at the monitor and then said snidely,” I will tear out your innards and fry them in my pot.  The days of your petulance are nearing a violent end!  You think your worthless soldiers can keep you alive, but the power I possess will bring right the death of you all!”
     Then in walked Orbay Tedtra with a small Ubacu dog in her arms.
     The Ubacu were a shaggy 1 foot long blue haired dog whose eyes were yellow and completely hidden by hair.  They had a long rubbery red tail that had a pyramid of black fur at the tip.  It had the ability to curl up into a ball and roll down hills at tremendous speeds without getting hurt.
     Orbay was 5’2”, but had an unbelievably curvaceous and sexy figure with a large bottom and shapely breasts.  She had seal black perfectly straight hair that went to her eyes and to her shoulders.  She had a cute button nose with a pair of dimples in it.  She also had black eyes with white circles in them as well as long eyelashes.  Her lips were full and naturally burgundy in color.  She had on a white lace gown with a swath of red silk across her breasts.  She also had on a platinum necklace with a 3 inch wide round red diamond in the center.  She had on a pair of red leather 4 inch heels and a gold bracelet with the words,” We weren’t the slaves of the foolish.  No we were the kings of the power and the lust in your kisses,” engraved on it.
     “ Darling, Rinship, I have a bit of great news to enthrall you with,” said Orbay warmly as she walked up to Rinship and set down the Ubacu.
     Rinship continued to look dead ahead and then slowly turned and grinned and asked,” Is it that pony I’ve longed for or that pack of Snild cigarettes I’ve been searching for?”
     Snild cigarettes contained the flavor of a cigarette, but had no smoke only a burst of red light as you exhaled.  They were created by a Haborm scientist as he tried in vain to quit smoking so he invented a cigarette that wouldn’t do him any harm.  He was named Pestic Hone and also invented a way to shoot a fireball out of the tips of his fingers by attaching a box of dead magic to his back.
     “ Better, they’ve found another volume of the Laru books and it’s completely intact,” said Orbay brightly as she put her arm around Rinship and kissed his forehead.
     The Laru books were a series of 5 books containing thousands of unknown spells.  The spells were incredibly powerful and only used a few words.  The books were written by Doaks Laru a 1st century 

wizard who hid his books all over the planet so as to keep them out of the wrong hands.  Each of which had gold covers and gold lined pages with a thin black ink for the words that couldn’t be copied.  
     Rinship instantly began to sweat, he knew that with a new Laru he could turn the tide of the war.  He stood up and walked towards the monitor and then asked sternly,” Where is it right now?”
     “ It’s in the Nami mud caves inside a booby trapped cell.  I knew you wouldn’t want anyone to try to free it without you there so I told them to wait and not try to remove it until I had told you, isn’t this great news?” asked Orbay happily as she walked over to Rinship.
     “ No, not great, this is the kind of news that will bring nothing, but great news for a thousand years.  Mouca and his rabble will curse this day for a million years.  We must go there now, Orbay, and we must not let word get out to anyone,” said Rinship frantically as he fumbled in his pocket for his red Hobas vile.  Then he pulled it out and poured some of the powder down his throat and then smiled and said nervously,” We must hurry, Orbay, those murderous Deveo would destroy us all with another Laru book.  Quickly we’ll take the Mehelux, but we will need Paguis for guidance, follow me.”
     “ Of course my love,” said Orbay quickly as she kissed Rinship on the cheek.
     Then he slammed his foot on a silver disc in the floor and suddenly a cushion of symmetrical air lifted the 2 of them straight up thru a square hole in the ceiling and into a colossal library.  There were 80 rows of curved book cases and 3 floors of every book known of to Permeadians.  The cases holding the books were beige and made of Gips bears bones and teeth.  In between the rows were floating tan leather and gold satin round couches, with brown mahogany tables in front of them.  Each of the tables had bottles of wine and loafs of white bread on them as well as 7 different blocks of cheese.  The ceiling had a swirling vortex of fire covering it that warmed the room.
     “ Where is he?” asked Orbay as she looked around the room.
     “ Face down on one of the couches asleep if I had to guess.  Let’s take a look around,” said Rinship sternly as he walked briskly down the aisle.
     Then he heard a man snoring and laughed to himself and walked over to one of the couches and saw Paguis sound asleep and face down on a couch with a blue straw in his mouth that went to a bottle of red wine.  Paguis was mumbling to himself,” That’s my underwear take it off my pouch.  Hey momma where’s the last bite of pie?”
     “ Paguis, you old Gips bear nugget wake up!” shouted Rinship as he kicked his butt softly and tried not to laugh.
     Paguis opened his eyes slowly and then said wryly,” You’re not momma and I still want that pie he ha.”
     Paguis had seal black perfectly round spiked hair with a cowlick in the front.  His eyes were lavender in color, round, and had a not at home look to them.  His nose was long and thin and turned up like a ski jump.  He had high cheekbones and a square jaw with a clefed chin that was square in shape.  He was 5’7” and very wide with a powerful chest and shoulders.  His hands and feet were small, but wide with his fingers being as wide as a quarter.  He had on a dark brown corduroy jacket with tan padded elbows and the words,” I only cheated for victory,” sewn onto the right chest pocket.  He also had on a black silk shirt and black satin pants as well as brown leather dress shoes with an Eyebrem red vile on the side of the left shoe.
     “ Look you idiot another Laru book has been found and I need your help retrieving it.  Now get up get your brain turned on and come with me it’s urgent,” said Rinship firmly as he grimaced at Paguis.
     “ Laru…another Laru oh that’s the kind of news that means momma’s pie can wait.  Let me grab my staff it’s just over here,” said Paguis as he started walking over to a book case.
     Then he kicked a trio of red books on the bottom of a case and suddenly the 4th row up of books folded inward and a black staff with a black diamond on top rolled out.  Paguis grabbed it and said brightly,” This could be our shining moment, Rinship.  The Laru can turn the tide in our favor.  I’ve never been this happy in all my happy days, oh ho.”
     “ Well we still need to get it and that won’t be easy.  Let’s hurry to the Mehelux before it’s too late,” said Rinship sternly then all 3 of them hurried out of the room.
     They went back to the Openheim room on the silver disc and walked over to a black disc at the far end of the room.  Then a flood of green energy shot up and engulfed them.  Then they disappeared and reappeared a moment later in the hangar bay.  The hangar bay had 2 Meheluxs sitting side by side with a large red plasma window in front of them that led outside.  The room was filled with robots of every size and shape up to 9 feet tall including a Joems robot. 
     The Joems robot was 6 feet tall and had a thin black torso, but also had giant arms and legs that were incredibly powerful.  They had the head of Joems Periveath the inventor of the robots.  His face was smooth and rounded with low cheekbones and a nose like a rubber ball.  The robots had the ability to run 100 mph and jump 40 feet in the air as well as various forms of combat.  They were also very wise and could speak intelligently and even crack jokes.
     The floor of the hangar bay had a thick green energy flow that lifted up ships as well as people off the ground 4 inches.  The walls of the hangar bay were covered in holographic projections of Rinship’s combat triumphs like his personal destruction of 8 Deveo soldiers.
     They made their way to the closest Mehelux and then a ramp extended outward and the door went inward as they drew close.
     “ I feel a Rnto of hope washing over me as we speak,” said Orbay happily as she thought of their new stroke of luck.
     “ You’re not the only one.  My mind is on fire with the possibilities my love,” said Rinship excitedly as he headed into the Mehelux with Orbay beside him and Paguis.
     “ Hey don’t you think we should bring a Joems for protection?” asked Paguis as he pointed to the Joems and slowed down.
     “ Ah yes you’re right let’s take that one sitting on the floor,” said Orbay then she hurried over to the Joems and tapped it on the head and asked,” Are you battle tested, Joems?”
     “ I’m a lady killer if that’s what you mean.  Just kidding I fought out 15 soldiers single handedly,” said Joems proudly as he stood up and grinned wildly.
     “ The battle of Bor was 3 months ago,” said Paguis implying a question.
     “ Details tidbits, I can fight 30 men and I can tell a murderous joke.  Think how valuable such a trait would be against the humorless Deveo, huh,” said Joems slyly as he waved his arms wildly and made a goofy face.
     “ Ah, alright, Joems, board the ship.  I just hope you don’t shoot yourself in the stomach while we’re in battle,” said Orbay as she tried not to laugh and rolled her eyes.
     “ That won’t happen again,” said Joems happily as he ran onto the Mehelux.
     “ Again,” said Orbay and Paguis in unison then they followed him onto the ship.
     The inside of the ship was a labyrinth of rooms and oddly shaped hallways.  As you came aboard there was a 40 foot wide pentagon shaped room with 6 different colored doors each of which had its destination written on it in gold like one that read bridge.  In the center of the room there was a blue rubber round chair and table inside a red orb.  This was where the captain ate and at the press of a button various chosen food would rise up thru the floor and appear on the table.  There was also a holographic projector built into the table to watch movies and sports like Qualpork.  The floor was alabaster and made from a rare steel.
     As they walked in a dark green light filled the room and Rinship said,” Looks like the ship is fully changed.  Joems go get us in the air and take us to the Nami mud caves and hurry, Joems.”
     “ Of course, Arpethos, immediately,” said Joems quickly as he darted for the door marked bridge.
     “ Wait, Joems, call me Rinship, I no longer require that title,” said Rinship quickly as he waved his index finger at Joems. 
     “ Sorry, Rinship, and so it is,” said Joems nervously then he ran away.
     Arpethos was the most powerful wizard among the Peom and had the ability to wield the staff of Mor.  The staff of Mor sent out twice as much magical energy as a normal staff.  The Arpethos also had total say over all wizards affairs including their names and who they married.  And they got to live in any castle they chose to, as well as total say over the army.  To get the moniker you simply had to kill the person who had the staff of Mor, which Rinship had done by using a large gargoyle spell where the gargoyle bit into Rormyap Sells’s stomach.  It proceeded to eat his heart and lungs while he was still alive.
     The Mehelux took off and headed for the Nami mud caves on the east side of the Bowayn continent.  They flew for over 2 hours and then they began flying over the Nami region.  It was a 1000 mile long red mud swamp where the inhabitants the Surum had built thousands of homes and deep underground caves in the mud.  They were able to do this because it only rained 3 days a year and was sunny and warm the rest of the year.  So to protect the structures from the rain they covered them in thick black tarps until the torrential rains had stopped.  Then they continued building with the new mud.  Some of the buildings were 8 stories high and incorporated wood and steel into the construction as well as glass for the windows.  The structures looked like centipedes standing straight up, but with several wooden decks every so often.  At the base of each was a shop which sold Eyebrem and Hobas which the Surum swore by as well as Gack steaks which they served with every meal.
     The Surum had pale white skin and various colors of hair, but they all had the mark of Dubel on the back of their necks.  It was a red and green portrait of Dubel O Lelf that they were all born with.
     Dubel O Lelf was a holy man who left a curse on the Surum just before he died by destroying a silver staff known as a Yomal and casting a spell simultaneously that put his mark on every Surum born thereafter.  He did this because the Surum refused to stop building on his land and one of them had stolen his favorite gold necklace that his father had given him.
      They also each had long and wide foreheads that made their heads look abnormal.  They were also a race of fighters as they all trained relentlessly in hand to hand combat as it was a badge of honor among them.  The leader of the Surum was Sotobu the great, a large round mound of blubber weighing 550 pounds and standing 6’1”.  He had dark brown long flowing hair, but he had a round bald spot right in the middle of his head.  He also had square gold eyes that blinked independently of one another.  His nose looked like a sliced ham as it was dark red and had rows up and down it.  He had a tattoo of a Gack 
playing pool on his chin and a tattoo of a Gips bear swinging a sword on his chest.  His feet were so large he had to make his own shoes and they had to be stretchable fabrics.  His fingers were so large they could cover a man’s whole head if he grabbed you.  He always wore a blood red flowing robe with a silver and wood belt.  
     As they landed outside of the Nami mud caves Joems came out to the entrance to the ship and asked,” Is there much danger here, Rinship?”
     “ More than I’ll admit, the Surum can snap at any moment, but they’re the least of our worries if the Deveo find out we’re here.  Where is the dig site, Orbay?” asked Rinship as he watched a family of Surum digging out a new building.
     “ Right over there, see where the square hut is.  We’re keeping it hidden under it,” said Orbay as she pointed to a 30 foot high and 50 feet long mahogany perfectly square smooth hut with a black steel roof sitting on a large mud hill.
     “ Perfect, put us down at the base of it, Joems, and then stay close to me I may need assistance,” said Rinship sternly as he gave Joems a look that said don’t kid around.
     “ Of course, Rinship, of course,” said Joems nervously as he looked quickly away.
     Then Joems landed the Mehelux at the base of the hut and everyone made their way outside.  The area had hundreds of similar huts as well as a few dozen large buildings.  The Surum were just going about their day and walked past Rinship and didn’t take notice.  There was a red wood stairwell that led up to the front of the hut, with a black wood guiderail on either side of it.
     As they walked up the stairs they walked past several Peom soldiers dressed as Surums and at the top of the stairs stood Poev Bala. 
     Poev Bala had dark green short hair that was combed down to his eyebrows.  His face looked like a small boys being very rounded and soft even thou he was 60 years old.  He was 5’7” and had an average build, but with an enormous head in proportion to his body.  He also had a tattoo of a gargoyle eating a man’s head with the words,” We will steal our fate,” written beneath the multi colored tattoo in black.  He had on a stripped blue and light blue long sleeved cotton shirt with a built in black turtle neck.  He also had on red denim jeans with black silk pockets.  And also a pair of black leather motorcycle boots with a built in laser pistol in the toe that was voice activated if he yelled power 9.
     “ Poev Bala, what ah fine sight you are.  How are things progressing?” asked Rinship warmly as he patted Poev on the shoulder and grinned and walked in the hut.
     “ We’ve been waiting for your arrival before we tried to remove it,” said Poev as he walked beside Rinship and everyone else followed them in.
     Inside there was a large pit dug with a series of white wooden ladders going into the 20 foot deep pit.  Around the outside of it sat 10 men eating Gack meat sandwiches and drinking blue wine known as Bopee wine.  There was a large Dula digger in the pit with the Laru book floating 5 feet above the pit surrounded by a green orb of swirling energy and flames.  Rinship saw this and said softly,” I see why you waited.”
     “ Have you tried blasting it out of there with a particle spread?” asked Orbay as she looked at the Laru.

     “ Twice, but it only injured our troops.  We thought maybe you could use a spell to break it free,” said Poev.
     “ Well…yes that is certainly an option, but I think we should try the Joems first and see if he can pry it loose.  Go ahead, Joems, give it a shot,” urged Rinship as he looked sternly at Joems.
     “ Ah yes I’ll try it,” said Joems nervously as he started for the ladder.
     Then he climbed down into the pit and slowly walked over to the Laru book.
     “ This’ll be fun, even if he can’t release it, it should be good for some carnage.  This Joems is a bit on the annoying side.  Go ahead and grab it firmly!” said Rinship boldly as he tried not to laugh.
     “ You are terrible that poor Joems is dead Gack.  I liked him too,” said Orbay as she scowled at Rinship.
     “ I like him to, so much so that I’d like him to be slightly smaller and engulfed in flames.  That’s what true friendship is ask my father, he’ll tell ya,” said Rinship sarcastically as he grinned.
     Then Joems inched closer to the orb and as he did it began to shoot out flames in every direction.
     “ This is bad news, I don’t need another reassembly.  Not on my birthday, not now!” said Joems frantically as he felt the heat from the flames and put his arm in front of his face and then said nervously,” well it’s now or it’s a blind man’s eyes in the sun, not good.”
     Then Joems hesitantly lunged forward and dove on the orb and as he did the orb shot out a stream of electricity and flames that thru Joems hard backwards against the side of the pit sending his left shoulder blade flying up in the air and Poev caught it and said wryly,” I don’t think the Joems will work.”
     “ I can see that, I guess it’s old fashioned magic or nothing.  I’ve got a spell, I mean I have got a spell.  Get old Joemsey out of the pit while I prepare.  O.K. I’m ready move your butt Joems!” shouted down Rinship as he started for the ladder with the staff of Mor in his hands.
     Joems slowly stood up and let out a sigh then hurried out of the pit.  He climbed up one ladder while Rinship climbed down the other.  When Joems got to the top Poev handed him his shoulder blade and said nicely,” You were outmanned don’t give it a second thought.  Lots of robots get beaten by floating orbs,” said Poev jokingly then he gave Joems a stiff nod and laughed.
     Meanwhile Rinship was now at the bottom of the pit and eyeing the Laru book inside the orb carefully.  Then he raised his staff and shouted,” Opa bottom iss!”
     Then a blue dragon appeared with a rocket shaped body and lunged forward and put the entire orb in its mouth.  Suddenly the orb started to move in every direction and lifted the dragon up into the air.  It rose right out of the roof of the hut.  Everyone ran outside to see where it was headed followed by Rinship who hurried out of the pit.  Outside the orb was flying in every direction and then suddenly shot straight up again, but this time it headed up into the clouds.
     “ This could be bad, those clouds are salty, might damage the pages,” said Poev sarcastically as he watched the dragon’s body being lifted like it weighed an ounce.
     “ True, I’ve heard about that sort of thing happening,” said Orbay as she walked out around the side of the hut with her hand blocking the sun as she looked up.
     Then the orb stopped in mid air and suddenly began flying straight down to Permea.  It got going unbelievably fast and just as Rinship came outside he saw it heading right for him so he froze in his tracks.  The orb came hurling down at him, but at the last second the dragon used its jet engine and 
fired it in the opposite direction and the orb stopped just inches from Rinship’s head.  Then the dragon swallowed the orb and then laid down on the ground as its stomach began to grow and even grow larger.  Then it stopped and retreated and the dragon let out a burp and then vomited up the Laru onto its tongue.  It extended its tongue and Rinship grimaced and grabbed the book and said angrily,” I always wanted to taste a dragon’s stomach, always.”
     “ Smells like Gogumol berries again.  This dragon’s got a sweet tooth,” said Poev jokingly as he grinned and looked at Orbay who rolled her eyes.
     “ This is it alright,” said Rinship as he looked at the Laru and wiped off the vomit with his sleeve.
     The book was made from gold and emerald with the front and back covers made from emeralds.  It had a small 4 inch wide window in the center of the cover which had Doaks Laru flying in and around the Graffoc forest with his staff in hand.  Then Doaks began swimming in a nearby stream and laughing to himself.  Doaks had light red and blonde long curly hair that started in the center of his forehead.  He also had a thick red and blonde goatee that was tied into a point and braided.  His eyes were sapphire and crazy looking.  He had a barrel chest and an arched powerful back.  His hands were long and thick and he was 6’2” in life, with short legs and a long torso.  He had on a red and black fury robe that went to his brown sandals.  He had a solid gold staff with the head of Yorum Shold on the top, who was one of his rivals.
     Above Doaks there were the words,” In case of destruction,” written in silver.
     “ Oh…this is the answer I’ve waited for the fourth volume of Laru.  The Deveo will know agony and death on an epic scale.  Bring me my Makers sword and stand at my side as I wield it!” said Rinship 

boldly then he opened the book and a barrage of floating words of blue and orange shot straight into his head. 
     The words filled his mind with spells he’d never heard of.  Then he looked down at the page and it glowed red and the picture of a dragon playing poker with Doaks appeared and below it said,” when you need a spell turn a page and the world will be yours.”
     Meanwhile at Mouca’s castle Mouca, Famaron, Solcrist, Ohgood, Dornoa, Ratie, Greride, and Veata were outside at the pool taking in the sun.  The pool was built into the side of the mountain and could slide out into the sun at the press of a button.  It was over a thousand feet up and was in the shape of Mouca’s head and shoulders.  It had 50 cotton white recliners with thick cushions and were over 7 feet long.  The chairs sat facing the pool, but one row sat facing outward over the plain.  There was also a full outdoor kitchen at the midpoint of the deck that had a large red oven and white grill with Gack burgers and steaks cooking on it, as well as homemade chocolate donuts in the oven.  It also had an oval shaped green refrigerator filled with red wine, Gomho soda and a large picture of red Gack milk.  
     Gomho soda was green in color and filled with energy reviving nutrients.  It had a soft flavor with just the right amount of sweetness.
     Famaron threw back a bottle of Gomho as he sat facing out over the plain with Ohgood and Greride on either side of him.
     “ That hit the spot, literally the spot at the bottom of my stomach where I hide my keys,” said Famaron playfully as he grinned.
     “ About those keys, I thought I hid those in a Baatold’s chest hair.  How did you wrestle them out of there?” asked Ohgood sarcastically as he looked crazily at Famaron.
     Famaron laughed and then said slyly,” I paid off his mistress to ground up sleeping pills in his morning coffee.  Then when he fell asleep I slipped on a Baatold costume and nestled up beside him in the bed and gently grabbed the keys.”
     Ohgood and Greride laughed and then Ohgood said wryly,” I knew it, that’s always the case, Baatold and sleeping pills equals keys.”
     “ Are you 2 right in the head, because I know you’re not drunk, but your jokes are cracking me up?” asked Greride as she laughed.
     “ I can’t speak for Ohgood, but he’s crazy,” said Famaron smoothly as he grinned and took another drink of his Gomho pop.
     “ Well it takes one to randomly push the other off a cliff.  I mean that buddy let’s walk up to the edge together me and you,” said Ohgood calmly as he smiled at Famaron and pretended to do quick pushes.
     Then in the distance Greride saw a squadron of Peom red Meheluxs heading straight for Packot and she stood up and said sternly,” Everyone inside, there’s gonna be trouble.”
     “ Who are they?” asked Ohgood as he looked at Famaron then Greride.
     “ It’s the Peom, they must have some sort of new strategy or weaponry.  Either way we’re in for a tough stretch, follow me,” said Greride sternly then she hurried over to the control panel for the pool and pushed the retract button and the pool started to move back into the mountain.
     Everyone hurried inside and a ten foot thick steel shield began to cover the city.  As this was happening 3 dozen Konno’s and 8 Meheluxs left the hangar bay to meet the Peom fleet.  Inside the war room everyone sat by Mouca as they watched everyone hurry inside.
     The war room had models of each ship in his fleet flying over a holographic model of the outside including the Peom ships on a massive round orange steel platform.  Around the platform were 10 black leather captain’s chairs equipped with consuls and computer hard drives.  The chairs had black foot rests built into them.  There was also a Konno above the platform with a brief staircase to it in case Mouca needed to escape, which had a secret tunnel out of the back that led to the Bloodlet ocean.  It also had hundreds of secret passageways to a hidden community if the worst happened.  There were also 7 doors around the room that led to 5 other escape pods and 1 led directly to the weapons room.  Each of the doors were wide and shaped like a spade and ranged from black to purple.  There was also a pair of cases filled with weapons in case the war room was breached, like Gasou shotguns and staffs.  The floor was filled with 9 foot wide air jet tunnels that could transport you to various spots in Packot.
     Everyone took a seat and Famaron asked,” How bad is it, Mouca?”
     “ I’m not sure my Konno’s and Meheluxs are engaging them now.  It seems our Peom friends feel that they’ve got a better chance this time.  We’ll see who’s the killer of pride,” said Mouca snidely as he squeezed a doll of Rinship in his right hand.
     2 green Deveo Meheluxs began firing on the red Peom Meheluxs with its Tomcu’s.  The missiles shot straight for them then as they got close imploded sending a nuclear explosion forward at the group of 6 ships and then 4 of them were blown to pieces, but the other 2 were unharmed.
     “ That’s odd, all those ships should have been destroyed.  What magic is this?” asked Mouca in disbelief as he gritted his teeth.
     On board one of the Peom ships that weren’t destroyed sat Rinship, Orbay, Poev, and Joems laughing loudly as Rinship’s staff floated in front of them sending out a wave of green dense magic.
     “ That Laru will win this day for us, Rinship,” said Poev happily as he looked wide eyed at Rinship.
     “ It shall indeed, even if they destroy all the other ships I’ll be able to pick them off one by one until many are none.  Let’s start a little mayhem,” said Rinship snidely then he fired a pair of Tomcu’s at the Deveo Konno’s.
     Within a few seconds the Tomcu’s caught up to 7 of them and exploded vaporizing them in an instant and melting 2 feet of the steel shield on Packot.  Then Rinship stood up and said softly,” That was good, but I lust for Packot let’s try another spell with vigor,” and then he clutched the staff of Mor and as he looked in the Laru book he shouted,” Destruc ata with sugar!”
     Then the clouds all began sucking together and as they did electricity shot out of them in every direction.  Then a dozen thunderbolts shot straight at Packot blowing away a huge chunk of the front of the Dasher castle.  Then all the clouds compacted and they began to take the shape of a devil with long red jagged horns.  It also had a black and brown leathery face with long yellow fangs and red glowing eyes.  Then a wave of fire shot thru the devil and suddenly there he stood no longer clouds, but a 250 foot tall devil with a long black sword in his right hand and a ball of fire in his left.
     “ We are in serious trouble,” said Ratie in shock as she clutched Ohgood.
     “ Not yet we aren’t I’ve always got a spell,” said Famaron then he raised his staff and shouted,” Desperoi oin be vengeful!”
     Then out in front of Packot a half bull half Baatold called a Dornk with a human head that looked like Famaron appeared with a flaming chainmail in its hands.  It had the legs of a bull and they were dark red with the green arms of a Baatold and it stood 90 feet tall.  The Dornk ran at the devil and swung its flaming chainmail at its feet and knocked the devil to its knees.  Bu the devil threw its fireball at the 
Dornk and set its chest on fire and it frantically tried to put it out.  And as it did the devil stood up and swung its sword at the Dornk and chopped off its left arm that was holding the chainmail, but the Dornk grabbed the chainmail with its other hand and whipped it into the devil’s head knocking him on his back and sending a stream of blood from his forehead.
     “ Now we’re making progress I give the devil 2 minutes,” said Veata proudly as she smiled.
     Then the devil jumped to its feet and violently thrust its sword into the Dornk’s chest and out its back.  The Dornk continued fighting even with the sword thru its body by hitting the devil in the leg with the chainmail.  And the two of them fell to the ground in a heap.
     Meanwhile inside Rinship’s Mehelux they were still blasting away at the Deveo’s ships.  And they had destroyed half their fleet in only a matter of minutes as Rinship was using the Laru force field to literally run right over and thru the ships smashing them to pieces.
     “ This is heaven, I haven’t had this much fun since I shot 18 Qualpork points in a single match.  Boy was that a day, but today is even better.  Hey we should try smashing right into the Deveo city and see if we can drive right thru,” said Rinship coldly as he smiled menacingly then stood up and did a spin and a quick 2 step dance.
     “ Yeah, now we’re talking dinner with 2 deserts.  Head right for the center then the rest will collapse around it.  It would blow my mind to see us drive right thru and come out the other side,” said Poev coldly as he grabbed a long red sword and began slicing thru the air violently as he laughed loudly.
     “ Oh, Rinship, this will be unbelievable fun.  Let’s make some death,” said Orbay coldly as she hugged Rinship and kissed him on the lips.
     “ You want death, my love,…then death you will have,” said Rinship quickly then he steered the Mehelux towards Packot’s center.
     The devil and the Dornk were still wrestling on the ground with the Dornk biting the devil on the nose and tearing it clear off in a single motion.  Then a geyser of blood shot out of the hole where the devil’s nose had been and he screamed in agony.  Then the Dornk grabbed his sword and plunged it right into his mouth and out the back of his head.  This blow killed the devil and as he pulled out the sword the devil fell straight backwards.
     Meanwhile Rinship was gaining speed as he headed right for the center of Packot.
     “ Well that was easy, that devil never had a chance,” said Ohgood slyly as he ate a Gack sandwich.
     “ It’s not him I’m worried about.  Look at that one ship that’s barreling for Packot.  Do you think it’s a suicide mission?” asked Famaron as he squinted and folded his arms.
     “ Much worse, he has a force field around his ship of magic I can feel the waves of power thrusting thru their ship.  This will be very bad,” said Solcrist in a somber tone as he pursed his lips.
     “ Then I must signal an evacuation,” said Mouca boldly as he reached over and began typing in the signal for an evacuation.
     “ There isn’t time, but there is time for us.  Everyone get in an escape pod we’ll meet up at the other side of the mountain,” said Famaron boldly as he put his hands on Ratie and Ohgood’s shoulders and turned to go.
     “ I can’t just leave them to die!” shouted Mouca as he glared at Famaron.
     “ They’re already dead, save yourself,” said Famaron then he and everyone, but Mouca and Greride headed for an escape pod.
     “ My love, we must go or we’ll be killed,” pleaded Greride as she tried to pull Mouca’s arm.
     “ I won’t leave my home we’ve been here as long as we’ve been Deveo.  No, Greride, I’ll fight to the death to save her,” said Mouca boldly as he pushed Greride away.
     “ You fool, I won’t die for your foolish bravery.  You either leave with me now or I’m going without you,” said Greride frantically as she wept.
     “ Then go, I won’t give in to those dogs,” said Mouca coldly as he looked away from Greride.
     Greride began to cry and shouted,” I loved you, but I won’t die for you, Mouca, not now!”
     Then Greride climbed the stairs to the Konno and turned and took one last look at Mouca and then began to tremble and started to enter the Konno, but then she knew she loved him too much to leave him so she turned around and ran down the stairs.  She ran over to him and kissed him and as she cried she said happily,” I could never leave you, my love, never in a million lives, god I love you.”
     “ I love you too, but right now we must fight for our lives start the laser canons,” said Mouca boldly as he rubbed her cheek.
     “ I will, my love,” said Greride as she grabbed a control joystick, but as she did Rinship’s Mehelux came barreling into the center of Packot just beneath them. 
     His ship tore the steel barrier and right thru the heart of the city and as it did the buildings above it collapsed.  Mouca’s castle began to fall forward with him in it.  As it did Burnrih jumped out of a back 
window and landed safely on the crest of the mountain.  He stood there and watched as Mouca and Greride and millions others were either crushed or fell to their deaths.  The entire city collapsed on top of itself.
     Meanwhile Famaron and all the others were safely away in the escape pods.  Rinship sat in his Mehelux laughing as hard as he could as he turned around and drove back thru what was left of Packot doing even more destruction.  The flames engulfed every inch of Packot and only a handful of Deveo escaped thru the tunnel systems beneath the city and the soldiers fighting in the battlefield.
     “ This is a heaven that can’t be written of on pages.  This my friends is the dawn of a different calling for us all.  There is no longer a Packot and I suspect no longer a Mouca if I know him the way I think I do,” said Rinship snidely as he drove thru the mountains destroying what was left.
     “ This means the only Deveo left are the ones fighting at Lormunsk, which means they only have 200,000 soldiers left,” said Poev happily as he dance in a circle.
     “ That’s right dear, Poev, and those soldiers will soon be laid waste to leaving only the Dirki and Haborm to wrangle with.  I fear them like a stiff breeze with our new Laru in hand.  We’ll pay them a visit before long and send a shock thru their pompous bodies,” said Rinship snidely as eh thought about being the ruler of Permea and grinned.
     “ With our new powers we could take over the whole world and enforce our will on them all,” said Poev coldly then he laughed.
     “ Exactly, and then no one will ever cross us again.  We could rule this world for a thousand generations.  Our great great great grand kids will still be sticking it to these worthless rubes.  Oh…I just 
have waited for this for so long I can’t believe the luck that finally came,” said Rinship snidely as he thought of all people he was going to get even with.
     “ God loves us, there’s no other explanation.  When he’s on your side there aren’t any sides cause it’s pure satisfaction for you, and a fiery death for them.  I can’t wait to be queen, I’ll get to look down my nose at every Senpck on the planet, high times,” said Orbay greedily as she rubbed her hands together and then sang,” If only they knewwww.”
     A Senpck is a feces eating rodent that lives in toilets and attacks any creature that draws near.  It had dark red fur, but its long torso is hairless and green in color.  It has 3 long black noses that move from side to side and have a single hair at the tip.  Its mouth is black with yellow fangs and a long dangling tongue with a spike at the tip that is blue.  Its feet are large and flat like a pancake with 8 toes per foot with each looking like a sausage link.
     “ And you shall it will just take a bit of doing and the tide will rise for our mission.  We waited for a day such as this and my what a fine day,” said Rinship happily as his thoughts turned to his father’s death and how much he missed him.
     “ I can’t wait I was born to be somebody.  So people need to recognize my true greatness.  Then they need to get in line to tell me how great and amazing I am.  And trust me it will be a long line,” said Orbay honestly as she pretended to be blessing people with her hands and smiling at them.
     Poev laughed at this and then said,” If a wise man knows everything, then a powerful man tells him what to think.  The world only thought it knew its future, but the pen of history has been stolen, by us!”
    






     As all the escape pods raced thru the escape tunnels they could see the light at the end of the tunnel.  As they shot out the round opening they found themselves on the other side of the mountain.  There in front of them was the red Bloodlet ocean.  Off in the distance was Marus island a 2000 acre wonderland that consisted of a dense jungle as well as the city of Gom.  The inhabitants of Gom were the Crushus and they were a peaceable people, with dark red skin and black hair.  The city of Gom was made up of green wooden carved buildings and houses that each had the owner’s likeness as their shape.  There was also a round 350 meter wide lake in the center known as the Wusaa that had crystal blue water and a series of sword shaped waterslides on its banks that twisted and turned and brought you to the center of the lake.  Once there an air jet would gently pick you up and carry you back to the start.
     “ How’s everybody doin’?” asked Famaron over the intercom as he hovered over the Bloodlet.
     “ Great, but where’s Mouca and Greride?” asked Ratie as she looked out over the ocean and thought of home.
     “ I didn’t see them come out you don’t think they stayed,” said Veata in disbelief.
     “ If they did they are no more.  So let us hope not,” said Solcrist as he swooped down to the oceans edge to look at the red water.
     “ Good point, well why don’t we head for that island.  If they do come out they’ll know that’s where we headed.  Everyone stay close we may not be out of the Gorgu yet,” said Famaron boldly then he started for the city of Gom.
     “ I’ll race ya,” said Dornoa brightly then he pressed the accelerator and shot forward in a seconds time towards Gom.
     “ You can try,” said Famaron slyly as he smiled and pressed his accelerator to full speed ahead.
     Lucern laughed and said to himself,” You’d never know we were at war.”
     Then Lucern drove towards the island.  All 7 escape pods flew over the island that looked like a burial ground with dozens of carved buildings that looked like their owners.  The buildings were tightly packed together with red steel walkways from one to the other.  Beneath them there was a labyrinth of streets and alleyways that had numerous stores and shops.  The entire city was ruled over by the Crushus king Fordemer Smen or as he was called Purt for short.  He was a tiny man of 5 feet and 120 pounds, but he had a vicious temper and mastery of several fighting disciplines like Borcrane.
     Borcrane involved a series of techniques where you tried to bite of part of your attackers face as well as several ways to break their arms and legs.  It took only a few months to master and was greatly feared.
     Purt had black silky long hair that fell on his face from a large widows peak.  He had crimson serious eyes and a round tennis ball like nose as well as large prominent lips.  His hands were very large as well as his feet, but both had triangular knuckles and joints that caught the eye.  He had a birthmark on his neck of a gargoyle that many thought made him a deity.  
     “ Let’s land in the field and wait for Mouca and Greride,” said Famaron then he flew down to a patch of purple grass and landed.
     Everyone else followed suit and then they exited the escape pods and took a look around.
     “ This place is weird and in the weirdest way.  I bet the food tastes weird I just know it,” said Ratie as she folded her arms and grimace as she looked at the Crushus. 
     “ Ratie, for once in a decade of things you’ve uttered I have to agree with you.  This is a strange land the air smells of different, but oh where is the merrymakers and the tellers of jokes.  For I am in need of enjoyment and this is my curse,” said Ohgood coyly as he looked fiercely at Ratie and Famaron.
     “ O.K. great who’s up for leaving the escape pods right here and getting some dinner?” asked Famaron as he stretched his arms and then laughed as he let out a sigh.
     “ Food at a time like this, where is it I’m starving?” asked Solcrist slyly then he grinned.
     “ I can see a small restaurant down that street called Peps.  I say let’s take our chances with that one,” said Lucern then he started to walk towards Peps.
     “ Every time someone says that tragedy ensues, but who cares I’m starving,” said Ohgood slyly as he skipped beside Famaron then ran after Ratie.
     As they walked down the alley between 2 huge green buildings carved in a woman’s and man’s image, the street was made of a black rubber and thick carpet.  The shops they walked past each had a hologram of their wares out on the sidewalk from clothes to steaks and even robots.  The stores themselves were small, but had several levels up and down.  Each storefront had the owner’s face 
carved into a large block of different colored wood right beside the doorway that was equipped with a voice generator in case you had a question about an item.  There were 3 dozen animal robots roaming the streets that people had put out to go get them all the loose change people would throw at them.  Each of these robots were covered in red, orange, or purple fur and had square or round heads with childlike eyes.
     As they came upon Peps many people were going in and out of the restaurant, the ones who were leaving had plates of various pastas and Gack steaks in their hands, as well as bottles of white wine under their arms.
     “ This is the place, I just saw a steak,” said Solcrist as eh licked his lips and then entered with everyone right behind.
     “ All’s I want is food that isn’t moving and I’m happy,” said Famaron slyly as he looked at a large steak and a plate of blue potatoes go walking by.
     “ What’s the fun in that?” asked Ratie sarcastically then she nudged Famaron gently in the ribs.
     Inside the restaurant there were a pair of ordering computer consuls on either side of the room that were dark blue in color and shaped like a gargoyle and dragon, with 2 lines of people at each.  You just typed in your order and within 30 seconds it was ready to eat.  Then as you went a bit further there was the food givers, which was a line of 12 people who were constantly giving out plates of food.  Then you had the choice of eating in their 175 foot long dining room or taking it with you under a thin plastic wrap.  The dining room had 50 black wooden clover shaped tables with each table having a Calblader monkey doing tricks and singing in the middle of the table.
     The Calbladder monkey had seal black 8 inch thick fur that was curly and hid all of the monkey’s body.  It even hid its eyes and mouth.  It was 2 feet tall and weighed 10 pounds with a single red tuft of hair for a tail.  Their tongues could stick out 10 inches and were wide and purple in color with a round ball at the end.
     The chairs at the table were shaped like a length of rope with the black seat cushions cut into it.  They also had bottle of wine in the armrests that were kept chilled and could rise up at the press of a button.  The walls of the restaurant had Purt’s face painted all over them as well as several staffs of yesteryear hanging from a red energy hooks.  The end of the room had a large brown wooden stage with several instruments on it and a curtain behind.  At a certain time of day anyone who wanted too could jump on stage and play for as long as they wanted which inspired many jam sessions.
     Everyone ordered their meals and waited in line and Solcrist said anxiously,” I am dying of hunger please Goarote let my meal come quick.”
     Then he looked up and his meal was being handed to him by a waiter and Ratie said angrily,” Hey Goarote, I’m hungry too.  Where’s my steak and pie?” asked Ratie and then she was being handed her meal by a female red headed waiter an instant later and Ratie said flatly,” Thanks nice service here Goarote.”
     After everyone had gotten their meals they went into the dining room and Famaron said,” Hey let’s get a table by the stage we might get a show.”
     “ Sounds good, but where are the musicians?” asked Dornoa quickly as everyone headed for the table in front of the stage.
    “ They’re comin’ these things take time, nerves to get over and pep talks to give yourself, not to mention bottles of wine to drink.  It takes a lot of practice to master these things and be a professional musician,” said Ohgood jokingly as he chewed a tube filled with Gack ravioli circles.
     Everyone laughed and then sat down and Lucern asked,” Do you think there’s any chance Mouca and Greride survived?  I mean we’ve been here some time if they were going to escape they would have already done it.”
     “ That’s a good point, we may need to accept their passing and figure out where we stand.  We’ve got the people we brought with us as a potential army against the Poems.  If we could sway maybe the Haborm or Dirki to our cause, we might be able to defeat the Peoms,” said Famaron plainly as he ate and looked at everyone.
     “ That’s a good point, we could travel to the Gorma highlands and let our people’s know what happened and see how they stand on a war.  And if they join us we would be formidable.  The thing is we don’t know what the Peom used to shield their ship.  It had to be a spell, but there aren’t any known spells that powerful even with Eyebrem,” said Ohgood calmly as he ate.
     “ Then it has to be unknown which implies a secret book of spells.  That said, if we were able to steal that book we would literally steal their advantage,” said Solcrist smoothly then he took a long drink of wine and pressed the button on the armrest for a fresh bottle of red wine and it rose up.
     “ That’s fascinating which gives me an idea.  The Peoms have no idea that we’re on Permea or that we were friends with Mouca.  All’s we’d have to do to get in their good graces is tell them the same story we told Mouca.  Then when they give us asylum we steal the book and wage open war by getting 
the Haborm, Sands, and Dirki to help us like you said.  Easy as juicy steak ha ha ha,” said Ratie then she picked up her steak on a fork and bit into it with a smile on her face.
     Everyone looked at her with their mouths agape and Veata said slyly,” You secret genius, you only let us think you were poor, Ratie, while you were something strong huh.”
     “ She’s right, you duped us good.  What do you have to say in your defense?” asked Solcrist as his left eyebrow raised.
     “ Steak good me likey,” said Ratie in a little kids voice as she ate her steak and then everyone laughed and she said seriously,” O.K. maybe I was playing it coy, but I’m a woman and we have to use our wits.  So now that you’ve caught me can I go back to my meal?” asked Ratie as she grinned from ear to ear.
     “ Fine, eat up, but remind me not to leave my door open when you’re around and I’m asleep.  Well, she’s right so I say we do just that.  We’ll double back after dinner and get a battleship from the field where we parked ‘em.  Then we’ll pay the Peom a visit and see if they’ll take us poor orphans into their homes cause we need all the help we can get,” said Famaron sternly as he tried not to laugh.
     “ A wonderful and flawless plan that will have to wait until after dinner and hopefully a band,” said Dornoa plainly as he gave everyone a look and then looked up at the stage and said happily,” I see instruments and I love to play watch this.”
     Then Dornoa jumped up and walked up on stage and sat down at the round white marble piano and gave everyone a smile then began to play,” Or maybe my son,” by the late Geen songwriter Ramor Theat.
     Ramor Theat was a vicious man who loved to fist fight and hurl insults at anyone who came close.  He had a 10 bottles of wine a day habit that he’d had for 20 years.  He also loved to smoke and went thru 6 packs a day of Dunm cigarettes a Sandu brand, as well as 8 cigars a day that he himself rolled in his basement.  He lived on the far side of Parscan in a huge castle for 50 years until he died of old age 2 years ago.  Over the course of his music career he recorded 500 hit songs and earned so much money that every month until his death he bought a new mansion many of which he never set foot in.  He just wanted the homes because he was bored with wealth.
     “ He plays beautifully isn’t that something,” said Veata as she swayed to the music and thought of her late father who had loved to play piano when she was young.
     “ It’s extraordinary, I’m really moved by this song,” said Famaron softly as a wry smile crept across his face.
     “ He’s got a gift I haven’t heard a missed note and he really delivers this song huh.  Well I’m impressed,” said Ratie happily as she held her fork with potatoes on it in her hand.
     Then a red short haired man started walking towards the stage named Famso Peps the owner of the restaurant.  He was 5’10” and very husky with broad powerful shoulders and tree trunk legs.  He had a baby face that belied his 50 years.  He had on a black and red cashmere stripped sweater with a pair of blue glasses in the front pocket that he used to read with.  He also had on a pair of black denim and silk jeans with the words,” Old Peps is right,” written across the front left pocket.  He also had on a yellow leather pill box hat with a red dagger attached to the side as well as a pair of black and green star design pattern boots with a gargoyle sewn onto the heel in purple with the word Lorenic beneath it in blue.
     Lorenic Tasks was a Haborm scientist who ran a group of intellectuals called the Primep.  The Primep were constantly tinkering and doing mayhem to unsuspecting societies like the Peom and the Sands.  They did things like put insanity inducing drugs in the water supply as well as random well thought out murders of well to do citizens.  Their aim was to keep people in a constant state of panic as well as keeping them susceptible to persuasion.  This allowed them to get the things they wanted like power and wealth without very much effort.  Lorenic himself had risen fast as a leader of the Haborm and used the Primep to do his dirty work.
     “ What is that man doing there?” asked Solcrist as he watched Famso hurrying up to the stage.
     “ He looks like trouble, be ready and swift,” said Famaron as he clutched his staff and watched Famso.
     Then at every table the Calbladder monkeys leapt up out of their cages in the center of the table and began dancing and making goofy faces.
     Famso walked up on stage and punched the keys on the piano and yelled,” Nobody plays my piano unless they ask me first got it!”
     “ Hey, relax I was just having a little fun.  Why don’t you go take a happy pill and stop bothering me,” said Dornoa angrily as he glared at Famso.
     Then Famso punched him in the mouth and tried to put him in a chokehold, but Dornoa grabbed his arm and smashed it against the piano keys.
     “ I think we’ve had enough dinner let’s help Dornoa,” said Solcrist and then he stood up and shouted,” Maran ga faru!”
     Then a Gargoyle appeared on the stage and grabbed Famso and picked him up and tossed him across the room.  He landed on top of a Calbladder monkey and crushed it to death and then Famso shouted,” Wizardry in my restaurant!”  You’ve crossed the line get ‘em!”
     Then 3 large waiters with white egg shaped hats started running towards everyone at the table and Veata calmly shouted,” Qist while it’s raining!”
     Then a deluge of 15 miniature black dragons appeared above the waiters and descended upon them.  The dragons fired flames at them and burned the first waiters head to ash, while the other two were being ripped to shreds by the dragon’s talons.
     “ We should get out of here quick!” said Ohgood boldly as he grabbed Ratie’s arm.
     “ You’re right let’s head for the escape pods,” said Lucern sternly then he ran over to Famso and punched him in the jaw and knocked him unconscious.
     Everyone ran out of the restaurant and out into the street.  They saw a group of 10 Crushus police officers heading their way on the backs of Bumtu’s.  The police officers had bright green robes with padded chests and arms as well as a gun belt around their waists with Gasou pistols and hand grenades affixed to them.  They also had on silver blast proof head shaped helmets with blue visors that were made like each officers exact head.  They also had on red leather boots with black laces.
     Bumtu’s were a 9 foot tall lion like creature, but with red fur and a small black round nose and green eyes.  They also had an orange groove around their mid section for a saddle.
     “ Hold it right there!” shouted the police officer named Gamsy as he saw everyone run out of the restaurant.
     “ Down the alley quick!” said Famaron boldly as he hurried into the alleyway.
     “ Sounds good to me,” said Solcrist as he and everyone else ran into the narrow alley.
     As they ran down the alley Ohgood looked back and saw the police officers couldn’t fit in the alley while on their Bumtu’s, because of their size.  So the cops jumped off of them and ran into the alley and Ohgood said nervously,” They’re still coming I’ll have to do something,” and then he stopped and turned and raised his staff and shouted,” Peas sope dust bringer!”
     Then all the dirt in the alley and all the dust in the air began to swirl and come together in front of Ohgood.  Very quickly it took the shape of a 20 foot tall gargoyle with a mouth full of 50 electricity balls and he had an orange 4 foot tall metal eagle on his shoulder.
     “ Have fun fellas,” said Ohgood slyly as he smiled and then ran after everyone else.
     The gargoyles began firing electricity balls at the cops and as they hit them it sent 20,000 volts thru their bodies.  This killed the closest 3 instantly, but the others pulled their Gasou’s and began blasting the gargoyle repeatedly.  The gargoyle’s eagle flew at the cops and grabbed 2 of them with its claws and lifted them off the ground and flew away with them.
     The remaining 5 cops kept firing at the gargoyle, but he jumped high up in the air and landed on one of them crushing him to death.  The other 4 contiued firing, but then the gargoyle blasted 2 of them with electricity balls and then killed them seconds later.  One o the remaining 2 threw a pair of grenades at the gargoyles and blew it to a million pieces.  Then the cops started down the alley after everyone.
    Meanwhile up ahead everyone had reached the escape pods and were getting ready to leave when Famaron said,” We’ll meet up at the field where we parked the battleships.  Then we’ll pay the Peoms a visit have fun.”
     “ Look who’s talking mr. seriously in need of a vacation over there.  Let’s take down some clouds,” said Ohgood boldly then he ran and jumped in his escape pod and launched into the sky.
     “ Vacation, I’ve never heard that word before.  Well, you’re taught something every time you ask a question,” said Famaron sarcastically then he launched into the sky.
     Everyone lifted off except for Lucern who was having trouble getting his engine to start.  He tried a few times then said nervously,” C’mon already start I can’t sit here for long!  Start start right now you piece of junk.  I’ve got to call Famaron and ask for help.  Where is the communicator channel he’s on,” asked Lucern as he fumbled thru the different channels and then found Famaron’s and said anxiously,” Famaron, my ship’s engine won’t start I need help.”
     “ I can come back for you wait there in your ship,” said Famaron then he started to turn around.
     “ Thanks I just hope no one shows up before then,” said Lucern nervously as he looked around.
     Then the 2 cops came running towards his ship blasting their Gasou’s and hitting the side of the ship.  Lucern desperately tried to get out and run, but just as he stood up he got shot in the back of the neck.  The blast sent his head flying thru the air as his body fell limp.
     Famaron saw the scene as he drew close and gritted his teeth and shouted,” You bastards, Goarote that is bad luck,” and then said snidely,” Well you 2 aren’t gonna fair much better.”
     Then Famaron swooped in and opened fire with his laser canon.  He hit both of them simultaneously and tore 1 foot wide holes in their chests and back.  Then they fell to the ground with blood gushing from their chests and mouth.  Then Famaron shot them again as he doubled back and blew them to pieces and killed them as they stood and Famaron said coldly,” You 2 were dead at breakfast.  Now you’re a buzzards brunch.”
     Then Famaron flew away and headed for the battleships.  After about 30 minutes of traveling Famaron showed up at the field and saw the other 5 escape pods already there.  He pulled in beside Ratie’s and landed and as he exited Veata asked,” Where’s Lucern is he coming in his own ship?”
     “ No he didn’t make it they killed him, but I gave them the same treatment so at least there’s that.  We need to focus on the task at hand these Peoms aren’t gonna just roll over and die.  We’ve got to be fierce and be wise or we’ll end up like Lucern,” said Famaron sternly as he walked in between everyone.
     “ You’re right, then I guess it’s time for the plan to take effect.  Mouca said that their leader was in Emred castle in the city of Crem, How exactly do we find it, this world’s immense?” asked Ratie as she tapped her foot and rubbed her left shoulder.
     “ I spoke with Mouca and he also said that the Peoms lived in the south.  I would gather if we headed a bit south then asked to see the ruler for asylum, the city of Crem and Emred castle would find themselves,” said Famaron then he shrugged his shoulders and gave Ratie a wink.
     “ You are wise oh so wise, but one thing you forgot is who’s bringin’ the booze.  It’s well known the Peoms are a race of drinkers I say ten bottled would be a nice gift maybe 20, but I won’t be held accountable if it isn’t enough,” said Ohgood sarcastically as he put his hand to his forehead.  
    “ Laughs aside,” said Famaron as he laughed and then said,” he makes a good point what about a gift.  And I just remembered there’s only us in these battleships how do we explain that?” asked Famaron as he felt embarrassed that it had just dawned on him that the ships were empty.
     Veata felt a rush of embarrassment and then smiled and said nervously,” That’s kind of a large error, one that will not go unnoticed.  Ah, ha ha well what can we say about that?”
     “ I’ve got the perfect answer and it will give us the benefit of the doubt in their minds,” said Solcrist smoothly as his left eyebrow raised and he puckered his lips.
     “ And that is?” asked Dornoa as he grinned.
     “ A plague,” said Solcrist flatly then he started walking towards his battleship.
     “ A plague, what does that mean?” asked Ratie.
     Then Solcrist turned and waved his pointer finger from side to side and then said smoothly,” You are not as wise as I thought.  All’s we have to say is that the ships were overrun by the Tinkerun flu and that all our passengers perished while the captain’s quarters were unaffected on all the ships.  See, an old man’s mind is a terrible thing to waste, but a lovely place to visit.”
     “ O.K., that is a perfect plan and changes out strategy only slightly.  If anything it makes us more attractive as refugees as there’s only the 6 of us.  Huh, alright south we go and when you see me landing follow suit.  Let it commence,” said Famaron happily then he boarded his ship.
     “ I think he loves this sort of stuff a little too much,” said Ratie as she shook her head.
     “ We all do so what, life’s supposed to be fun.  Just yesterday I hatched a plot to make people taller.  I didn’t mention it ‘til now due to security concerns.  Now just you wait and see all the 8 foot tall people we’ll all become.  And oh what a world it will be as the shorties are gone,” said Ohgood sarcastically as he walked over to his battleship with Ratie laughing beside him.        
     “ Ohgood, I think you’re missing some wires in your head, but it’s o.k., we can use gum to fill in the holes,” said Ratie jokingly then she ran into her battleship.
     After everyone had gotten to their respective bridges and taken their seats they launched into the air and followed Famaron’s ship closely.  They flew south for a few hours and flew over the Bowayn continent.  As they neared the city of Enelop Famaron said,” Let’s try this one and take our chances.”
     “ Sounds good this place looks prosperous,” said Veata as she looked at the city in awe.
     Enelop was comprised of 20 million people of every different race on Permea.  It had thousands of buildings large and small that were arranged in a specific design of a pair of dragons stabbing each other with their talons in the chest and breathing fire straight up.  The design could only be seen from the air, but all the residents were aware of it.  The majority of the castles were made from green marble and were in the heart of the city in and around this series of hills with the largest of these at the top with an acre of grass around it.  The castles were in the shape of a dome with 7 to 10 towers around the outside for each as well as several large deck areas around the castles.  Each castle had the owners face painted on the outside of the castle in full color as a sign of prestige.  The other buildings in the city were shaped like a cross or sword and like the castles towered 5,000 feet into the air.  There were hundreds of thousands of large and small spacecraft flying in every direction most with anti gravity engines.  On the left side of the city there was a statue of Rinship holding onto a large Gasou rifle made from gold and 
diamonds with a silver plated block at the base of the 800 foot tall statue with an inscription that read,” If I were the taker of dreams I’d already be dead.”
     The 6 battleships landed on a large patch of blue grass in Altoge park on the west side of Enelop.  Everyone got out of their ships and took a look at the city skyline and Dornoa said softly,” I hope this is the place we’re going to be living, because it is absolutely astonishing.”
     “ I’ve never seen a more massive and lavish city anywhere.  Did you see all the castles in the center of town.  This seems to be where all the wealthy citizens come to laugh at the poor ones,” said Famaron as he smiled slightly.
     “ I wouldn’t want to live here big cities always have big jerkoffs.  Plus there’s all the stress of day to day life.  No, I’ll be living in a smaller town or suburb.  Why damage yourself just for excitement doesn’t make sense,” said Ohgood honestly as he walked around and kicked large red wildflowers.
     “ I’m with him it’s too big who needs the stress.  It is nice to look at thou,” said Ratie.
     “ Well regardless we’ve got to find a local and try out our story while we ask for directions.  What’s that noise I hear sounds like cheering?” asked Famaron as he listened hard.
     “ It’s coming from that large building over there,” said Veata as she pointed to a large green coliseum on the far end of the park.
     The coliseum was 150 stories high and oval shaped with hundreds of air jet elevators around the outside that would lift you up to a certain floor on a cushion of air.  And if you wanted to go down there were hundreds of escalators as well around the outside.  There were dozens of round decks around the outside of the stadium with several video game arcades set up on them.  There were people everywhere 
on the decks having a great time and singing songs.  The walls on the coliseum were covered in a thick paisley design green wallpaper that rain couldn’t cause to tear because of ultra thin see thru plastic covering it.  At the top of the coliseum there was a continuous black marble statue of a trio of men being chased by a horde of Coupocs all the way around the stadium.
     Coupocs were hairless red dog like creatures only with 2 faces one large and one small that came out of their noses.  They had 3 legs with dark green claws and they had red snarling teeth that could tear thru metal.  On their backs there was a 1 foot tall man who was born with his feet grown into them called a Surn man.
     “ Well, it’s not like the Peom ruler is waiting for us.  I say we check it out it might be fun,” said Famaron calmly as he shrugged his shoulders and looked at everyone and made a goofy face.
     “ Sounds great I wonder if they’ll cook us on pikes and boil us in red wine.  Either way I’m hungry so let’s go,” said Ohgood sarcastically as he looked around wide eyed and then he pretended to eat his arm.
     “ I didn’t quite get that one,” said Ratie as she squinted at Ohgood.
     “ I took a shot give me a break,” said Ohgood nervously as he grimaced and shook his head.
     “ I finally caught you and oh is it sweet.  Now I get to trample on your ego,” said Ratie as she softly kicked Ohgood’s butt.
     “ Careful you two we don’t want to upset the natives.  Such acts of random foolishness could get us killed and a former emperor whose home world has been destroyed like long unhappy lives in random far away worlds.  And plus it’s just not cool to kick your brother’s butt.  It reminds me too much of my 
childhood,” said Famaron playfully as he grinned and then kicked Ratie in the butt softly and she laughed.
     Then they walked the brief distance to the coliseum and over to the air jets and Solcrist asked,” Just how safe do you think these things are?”
     “ Well if someone blocks the air or shuts it off while you’re in mid air you’ll fall to a terrible death.  The good thing is you’ll only die once.  So there’s that,” said Famaron sarcastically as he grinned at Solcrist.
     “ That’s very comforting to hear,” said Solcrist slowly and then said quickly,” Great why don’t you go first, Famaron, and show us the proper technique.”
     Famaron laughed and then said happily,” Well if you need lessons, because your mind is old and weak and can’t send proper signals to your feeble body, then I couldn’t be happier to go first.”
     “ I can’t wait for you two, bye,” said Ratie as she smiled and then jumped on the air jet and was whisked up the side of the coliseum and up to an entrance where she was grabbed by a worker and pulled onto the 5th floor.
     “ I like her, she’s sassy bye boys,” said Veata then she jumped on the air jet.
     “ They’re leaving us behind, the absurdity of this sends shivers thru my ego.  I must have satisfaction or I will fall asunder,” said Ohgood in a pompous voice then he ran and jumped on the air jet and shot upward.
     Dornoa shrugged his shoulders and smiled and then jumped on one and up he went.  Then Solcrist and Famaron did and when they got to the top they were pulled onto the 5th story by a worker.  They 
looked and saw the others eating a Gack 7 layer burger and smiling and Famaron asked,” Where did you get those?”
     “ Here you go, sir,” said Keter a blonde haired worker at the coliseum as he handed Solcrist and Famaron Gack burgers in round containers.
     “ Huh, thank you I was dying for a bite, and it’s a large bite to boot,” said Famaron slyly then he bit into the Gack burger and let out a sigh and said happily,” Oh boy did I need that and I think I’ll need another of these before long.”
     “ That’s why they give you one so you’ll buy one.  It’s just good and sneaky business, but you forgot we don’t have anything to drink to wash it down,” said Ratie as she ate.
     “ Well, we’ve got the money Mouca gave us, let’s spend a little and fill our bellies,” said Ohgood as he looked around and then said quickly,” there’s a drink stand down that hallway let’s hit it.”
     The hallway was perfectly round and it was dark blue in color with a continuous hologram of a Qualpork match playing on the walls.  There were also several black leather chairs built into the wall that could rotate into a viewing booth that gave you 3d viewing of the match.
     Qualpork was a 6 person game that involved 2 teams of 3 wizards each.  The object of the game was to prevent the opposing team from carrying their Qualpork to the large glowing vortex that would explode into diamond rings when you had.  The Qualpork itself was a 1 foot tall miniature yellow man dressed in black or brown leather boots.  The Qualporks were a race that lived in caves under the surface of Permea and it was thought to be good luck to catch one and even better luck for a town if they won a Qualpork match.  Each team would use harmless magic to keep the other team from 
advancing as well as a series of obstacles like rivers or even small buildings they had to negotiate.  The field of play was a quarter mile in length  and had a thick carpet like green grass in between the obstacles.  To start each match the song,” I’ll only ask twice,” by the Canvasless Painters would play and 3 dozen performers would do various acrobatics and stunts.  Then the Cormbu tone and yellow light would signal the start.
     The Cormbu tone was a 70 beat musical note that encompassed every note that you could possibly play in a the matter of 2 seconds.
     The winning team was given a castle in the center of Enelop as well as 2 years worth of wealth.  This was their reward because they could and someone usually did lose their lives.
     Everyone hurried down the hallway behind Ohgood and then they came to a liquid booth known as a Kam that had every drink on the planet.
     “ I’ll have…better give me the large Denja pop and a caffeine sot,” said Ohgood to the black haired female worker inside the egg shaped blue Kam named Coele. 
     Denja pop was a red soda pop that tasted like chocolate and Pepsi combined.  It came in a green metal hand shaped can with a top that would open and close before and after each sip.
     “ Here you go, sir, here’s your Denja and shot of caffeine.  Can I have your 8 Pak please?” asked Coele brightly as she smiled at Ohgood and extended her hand.
     Then Ohgood pulled out his wad of Deveo currency and handed her a 8 cot bill and asked,” Is that enough or do you need more?”
8 cot was the equivalent to 2 million dollars and was a green and blue bill with Mouca’s face on it holding a sword.
     “ Uh, you just gave me 8 cot that could buy everything in my shop and more.  Do you have anything smaller?” asked Coele nervously as she handed Ohgood the 8 cot back.
     “ Uh…how about this here?” asked Ohgood as he handed her 4 Ment which was about 400 dollars.
     “ Ah, closer give me a second to change it,” said Coele as she started to count out his change and then said brightly,” Here’s your change, have a great time at the match.”
     Ohgood grabbed the 6 inch tall pile of bills and laughed as he looked at Ratie then Ohgood asked,” What match is that?”
     “ Very funny, sir, everybody’s heard of Qualpork  Thanks again, sir,” said Coele with an awkward smile.
     Then everyone else ordered their drinks and started back down the hallway where they saw Ohgood looking into the stadium with wide eyes and a smile on his face and Ratie asked,” What’s wrong, Ohgood, you look stressed?”
     “ I’m watching the greatest game ever created.  Look at that!” said Ohgood boldly as he motioned with his head towards the field.
     “ What,” said Ratie softly then she turned and looked at the field.
     The playing field had 4 three story red and black wooden castles set up at different spots around the field with one right in the center.  The castles had Joems robots on top of the towers with flame 
throwers and crossbows firing at the wizards.  There was also a dozen Coupocs running around after the wizards as well as several baby dragons.  There were statues of Rinship that rose 50 feet in a circle around the red center castle that had hawks perched atop them.  There was a field of ghostly figures screaming and throwing electricity swords at the wizards from both sides in a flowing mud pit that flowed upward.  There was a pair of green dragons with devils on their backs fighting a trio of Gips bears who had laser burst machine guns and were 20 feet tall with purple fur.  The sky above the field was filled with an orange flaming cloud that continually bombarded the field with red balls of fire.  On top of the clouds stood a black cloud man who threw 3 foot wide black marble balls down at the wizards.
     “ This is so sick my mind is overloading,?” said Ratie as she looked at the spectacle in shock.
     “ Oh we are in for a fun day, I’ll tell you true,” said Solcrist gleefully then he sipped his Denja and grinned.
     “ That is an understatement.  Well, let’s grab a seat and watch the hilarity unfold,” said Famaron joyfully then he started down the ramp to the seats.
     Everyone followed him down the yellow ramp and took a look around for a group of couches that weren’t taken.  The seating for the coliseum was row after row of black, brown, and green leather couches with small brown wooden tables in front.  Each couch had a built in computer to create a hologram of the playing field on the table in case you couldn’t see and for replays.  It also had a computer monitor that would slide out of the armrest to order food drinks and even cigarettes that would be delivered right to your couch.  There were 4 couches per box and there were thousands of boxes as well as a small plane that you could rent and literally fly into the action and attack the wizards 
with energy grenades and razor sharp spikes.  There were also performers who would walk throughout the crows and do musical numbers, acting parts, as well as crack jokes for a small gratuity.   
     “ Hey what about those 2 couches right there?” asked Veata then she ran and jumped onto a brown empty leather couch and laughed loudly.
     “ Works for me,” said Dornoa as he walked over and plopped down beside Veata and winked at her.
     Then everyone else sat down on the couches and began watching the match.  The green robed wizard was halfway across the playing field with the yellow Qualpork in the brown skinned leather sack over his shoulder and he was named Donce.  While the other 2 green wizards were red skinned and the taller one was named Gowel and the red haired one Trim.
     Donce raised his staff and shouted,” You are goodoo!”
     Then a liquid 50 foot long light blue snake surrounded he and the other 2 green wizards.  Then the snake began slithering towards the goal section and the large glowing vortex.  But the red wizards saw this and the grey haired one named Hosiah raised his staff and shouted,” Torup steal your sanction!”
     Then he rose up off the ground on a pedestal of blue and green flames and started to fly towards the green wizards.  As he did the pedestal began to form into a long toothed fish with yellow piercing laser firing eyes.  Then the 2 beasts hit head on and all 4 wizards were thrown into the air as the snake latched its fangs onto the fish’s neck.  The 2 of them began to twirl at rapid speed and smashed into one of the castles and reduced it to a puff of smoke and a pile of rubble.
     “ I am in heaven, did you see that move?” asked Veata as she laughed slightly.
     “ That was a huge spell these wizards are most powerful,” said Solcrist as he sat transfixed on the action.
     “ I’d like to see their spell books.  That would fascinate me to no end,” said Famaron as he tried to type in an order for another Gack burger, but without looking away from the action.
     Then Gowel raised his blue wooden staff and shouted as he ran at Hosiah,” The surge of imagination died!”
     But as he did Hosiah also shouted,” The weight of air Babrab!”
     Then a 20 foot Krebos appeared in front of Hosiah, which was a 2 legged and 3 armed turtle like creature that was filled with a cauldron of blue stars of fire that would shoot out of its eyes.  It had a hard shielded green body with dozens of small faces all over its belly that could shoot forward in an instant.  
     Then in front of Gowel an earth scorching ray began firing at the ground beneath him and as it did a Qury rose up from the fire.  A Qury was a seal black rubber coated 15 foot tall half man half Lion with the legs and head of a lion and the rest man.  He had a silver bow and sack of green flaming arrows.
     “ This will be wicked, oh I can’t wait,” said Ratie as she laughed and shook Ohgood’s arm.
     “ My money is on that, half lion creature, but I’ve been wrong before, once when I predicted that the rain would turn green for a day I almost had that one,” said Solcrist honestly as he thought of his wager ten years prior with Biol Wrong a wizard of Sandu descent.  
     Biol Wrong was the wizard who cast a dust spell in his youth that made all dust taste like cinnamon.  The spell lasted right up until Parscan’s demise.  He also cast a spell that made tellers of untruths 
mouths fill with tiny lizards just moments after lying.  That particular spell made him a hated man by many and cost him his life to a sword thrust by a female poker player after she was made to taste the lizards on a stone cold bluff.
     The Qury ran and jumped on top of the Krebos and kicked it in the chest.  Then the Qury did a back flip off of the Krebos and in mid air grabbed 2 arrows and blasted the Krebos in the stomach.  But as he did the Krebos began firing its blue star shaped fireballs from its eyes.  The fireballs hit the Qury in the leg and burned thru the rubber shell and burned the Qury’s flesh.  This caused the Qury to shriek in pain, but it gathered itself and fired 3 more arrows at the Krebos.  The arrows sunk deep into its right leg and a geyser of blood shot out.
     “ Nice moves, old lion head has good reflexes.  I am truly impressed, huh,” said Ratie then she took a sip from her Denja pop.
     “ Those arrows are the key to this battle.  I think it’s just one good shot to the head and it’s over,” said Veata as she rubbed her knees while she sat Indian style.
     “ We’ll see, the big fella could grab hold of the lion head and end this thing,” said Famaron as he ate a Gack burger.
     Meanwhile the green wizards were sneaking past the red wizards who were preoccupied by the fight.
     “ Hey wait ah minute they’re escaping,” said Hosiah boldly as he noticed the green wizards.
     Then Gowel raised his staff and shouted,” Bornbla curmt!”
     Then an orange prism formed around Hosiah and the other 2 red wizards and they were trapped inside, but Hosiah raised his staff and shouted,” Thunder bomb!”
     Then a circle of blue electricity formed around he and the other 2 red wizards.  Then a second later it exploded outward from them with a sonic boom and in a dazzling perfectly round electricity and fire explosion.  The orange prism was shattered and Hosiah and the other 2 took a look at the green wizards and then the Krebos and Qury who were still fighting and Hosiah said boldly,” Leave them be we can still outrun them to the vortex and win the match.  Follow me and be quick and swift my friends!”
     Then Hosiah and the other 2 wizards made a mad dash for the vortex with the Qualpork bouncing up and down in the sack on Hosiah’s back.  The Qury and the Krebos were exchanging blows with the Qury firing 6 arrows at the same time the Krebos shot 8 blue star bursts.  The arrows hit the Krebos right in the neck and shoulders while the stars hit the Qury’s head and burned away all of the rubber coating.  The Qury’s face burst into flames, but he kept firing arrows by shooting another 4 as he winced in pain and his mane was in flames.
     “ Who could come up with a sport like this?  I’ve never seen a better one in all my days,” asked Ohgood then he stood up and shouted,” Go get ‘em!”
     “ Ohgood, would you sit down.  Some of us have respect for the other people behind us and then there’s me who doesn’t like the look of your weggie.  So take a seat before I turn you into a pile of steaming turd,” said Solcrist as he scowled at Ohgood who was smiling.
     Then Ohgood picked his weggie and shook his butt and asked,” Is that gargoyle turd or dragon, because they’re not the same you know?”
     “ Both and I’ll light it on fire to boot.  Huh, you little rascal,” said Solcrist sternly as he tried not to laugh.
     “ Fine, but I think team spirit gives the competitors the winning edge,” said Ohgood sarcastically as he sat down. 
     “ But what team are you routing for with all this team spirit?” asked Veata as she grinned and put her arm around Ohgood’s neck.
     “ Whoever wins, I’m loyal that way,” said Ohgood quickly then he nodded and flashed a wry smile at Veata.
     Meanwhile the Qury’s 4 arrows hit the Krebos right in both eyes and in the mouth.  Krebos’s head exploded and its body began to turn into golden dust and float away on the wind.
     “ I knew he would win now let there be celebration as the stars have aligned,” said Solcrist loudly as he waved his arms and shook his legs from side to side.
     “ But the match isn’t over yet.  That was only a small part of it.  Look they still have to get to the far end of the field and get over that lake and thru that red marble castle.  No old man there is much to be undertaken,” said Famaron smoothly as he pretended to be blind and flailed his arms wildly and blinked his eyes rapidly.
     Donce, Gowel, and Trim raced towards the vortex thru a field of 12 foot tall red grass that had booby traps throughout it.  Donce ran and jumped over a black boulder and when he landed he went thru a trap door and into an incinerator.  His body was quickly ash as he howled in pain.  Then Trim ran thru a pumpkin patch and as he stepped on a pumpkin a trio of hands reached up and grabbed onto his legs.  The hands were purple in color with long green fingernails and they began to drag Trim under the ground.  He tried to raise his staff and shouted,” Dogs Oma!”
     Then a 10 foot dragon appeared above him with black scaly skin and flew down and sent fire at the hands, but they only slowed slightly.  Then the dragon grabbed hold of Trim’s arms and started to pull him up when the cloud man dropped a 3 foot wide black marble ball right on top of the dragon and Trim.  This sent the 2 of them straight into the ground below.
     Gowel saw this and stopped for a second then a pair of ghostly figures headed for him and he waved goodbye to Trim and ran for it up a mud pit that was flowing uphill.  As he did he shouted,” Gacso try some!”
     Then a miniature 7 foot long Konno appeared beside him and he grabbed hold of it and jumped on.  Just as the ghostly figures tried to grab him.
     Meanwhile Hosiah and his 2 friends were running thru a green marble castle’s library.  It had dozens of rows of books that were inside glass domes of every different color.  The floor was covered in a red leather that had the words,” To kill is worthless, to live worthwhile,” sewn into it with green thread.  The ceiling had a fresco of the battle of Pompask painted on it.
     Pompask was a century’s old war between the Sands and the Haborm that was started over a 2 dollar bet that a Haborm king refused to pay a Sands queen, because he thought she had cheated when she guessed the winner of a Qualpork match.  She became irate and stabbed the Haborm king named Getius right in the heart.  His people soon after launched an all out war that lasted 70 years and took the lives of 100,000,000 Haborm and Sands.
     Hosiah ran around a book case and a long laser sword came out of the wall and he quickly ducked it, but his fellow wizard behind him was decapitated leaving only Hosiah and Pumsal.  Then they ran thru 
the last of the library and out a green brown doorway into a green grass field.  They could see the vortex up ahead and increased their speed.
     “ Look those 2 made it thru the castle.  Now, I don’t know much, but I know there were 3 of them that went in.  Which suggests somebody’s eatin’ dirt while I eat Gack burgers,” said Ratie straight faced then she nibbled her Gack burger and looked at Famaron wide eyed and he broke out laughing and then Ratie said slowly,” Don’t you know it’s the truth.  I eat food they are food, what a great day.”
     Then everyone laughed and Dornoa said boldly,” The wizard on the left is almost there look.”
     They looked and saw Gowel sprinting the last 40 feet to the vortex while Hosiah and Pumsal ran all out for the last 50 feet to theirs.  As Gowel saw the vortex within reach he reached back and grabbed the Qualpork and tossed her into the vortex.  At the same time Hosiah tossed his Qualpork at his vortex and shouted,” To the last!”
     Then Gowel’s vortex exploded into diamond rings sending 200,000 of them into the air and into the stands.  Ratie and Solcrist caught a pair of the 2 huge blue diamond rings and Ratie said happily,” What luck now I can marry a random stranger.”
     “ And that stranger is me dear, Ratie,” said Solcrist smoothly as he offered her his ring.
     “ I would, but you’re too young for me.  I won’t marry a man who still has all his teeth.  And plus, you’re lack of b.o. and lack of back hair is a major turn off, but thanks thou I needed another reason to think you were creepy,” said Ratie jokingly as she gently slapped Solcrist’s face and then took his ring and acted like she was gonna put it on, but then threw it down to the field and nodded her head no to Solcrist.
     “ I feared as much it probably wouldn’t have worked you still have all your limbs.  And you bear no resemblance to a Geen Mudrath, which by the way is a must.  Fine go ahead and pack on 40 pounds as you grieve the loss of my love and quick wit.  I’m sure I’ll find another woman like you coming out of a nursing home on a gurney.  That’s where all the good women are these days, but, Ratie, you’re the reason I gave up sassy women, they just can’t dig a hole and fall in it, huh, beautiful,” said Solcrist sarcastically then he smiled and gave Ratie a quick wink and shook her shoulder.
     A Geen Mudrath is a 3 headed blue reptile that had a body shaped like excrement and also has black 8 toed feet with yellow toenails.  Its faces have the appearance of total terror and shock.  The Mudrath devours any waste from other animals and lives in piles of mud.  Its nose looks like a bent pointer finger and shoots out a foot from its face.
     Ratie pretended to weep and then said defiantly,” Never, I’ll never let our love die.  I want you to let me back into your heart and fast cause I need at least another 30 minutes of our pretend love before I give up and laugh myself to sleep.  I know there’s nothin’ between us, but at least it’s our nothin’ oh, Solcrist,” said Ratie softly as she leaned in to kiss him, but at the last second punched him in the gut.
     “ What was that for, I thought I had 30 minutes before you loathed me again?” asked Solcrist in disbelief as he tried not to laugh.
     “ You love too hard and too fast for me I just had to let out a good belch and forget your ignorant head,” said Ratie as she belched and then gave Solcrist a couple of quick karate chops to the chest.
     “ Hey check that out,” said Ohgood as he looked at the field as they were cleaning off all the debris and 20,000 acrobats started doing maneuvers all over the stadium.
     Then a thousand holograms of every creature on Permea filled the stands and began dancing as Gowel was being carried on a red leather chair to the center of the field.  They were quickly assembling a large pentagon shaped golden stage with 50 chairs on it.  In a matter of seconds it was up and then Gowel was brought to the stage as Rinship, Paguis, Orbay, and then their families walked up onto the stage and then took a seat in their thrones.
     Then a microphone disc was put in front of all the chairs as Gowel reached the stage and was set down facing the audience.  Then Rinship pressed the activation button on his microphone disc and said sternly,” Hello my lovely residents of Enelop, I am Rinship the leader of the Peoms and I want thank all the wizards for putting on a fantastic and brave performance.  It was one for the ages and we should show them our gratitude.”
     Then the audience began singing a deep bassy note at first and slowly in unison rose to higher and higher notes.  Then they screamed like they were about to die and then silence.  
     “ Did he just say he was the ruler of the Peoms?” asked Ratie in disbelief as she looked wide eyed at Solcrist and then Famaron.
     “ I heard,” said Famaron then he stood up and took a hard look at Rinship and then said boldly,” this changes everything because if we’re seen here it could undermine our plans.  We need to get up and go outside and find his ship and then move our ships to a place beside his.  Then we can say we just arrived.”
     “ You’re absolutely right let’s move,” said Veata then she started for the exits with everyone else right behind her.
     They walked briskly to the stairs and then down and out of the stadium.  They looked around and Dornoa said boldly,” We’ll have to spread out to find it.  My guess is that it’s on the far side.”
     “ Good point why don’t we break into teams of 3 and go in opposite directions around the coliseum.  If either of us find it send one person to tell the rest of us,” said Ratie as she looked around.
     “ Done and done let’s hurry,” said Solcrist as he, Ratie, and Famaron started to go around clockwise.
     Then Veata, Ohgood, and Dornoa went around counter clockwise as fast as they could and on the other side Ratie, Solcrist, and Famaron were jogging along.  They went for a minute and then Ratie saw Rinship’s Mehelux parked right beside Famaron’s battleship and she laughed and said happily,” Well that makes perfect sense.  He parked right where the cool people are.”
     “ What’s that?” asked Famaron as he looked at Ratie perplexed and then looked over and saw Rinship’s face as well as Orbay’s in a multitude of colors on the side of the ship and then he laughed and said happily,” Now that’s funny and I mean hilarious.  O.K. I’ll go around and get the others.”
     “ Hurry, Rinship could be along at any moment,” said Ratie quickly as she watched Famaron shake his head and then run off.
     “ Funny how this worked out.  We still have to figure out a way to explain landing right beside Rinship’s ship no pun intended,” said Solcrist smoothly as he fidgeted with his hands.
     “ Taken I’s taking that pun and I’m casting it in gold for its total lack of humor.  Alright here’s what I say, we just tell him it was happenstance and leave it at that.  People get lucky you know, it could’ve happened,” said Ratie slyly as she furrowed her brow and looked for Famaron and everyone else.
     “ It did happen, he parked right beside oh, here they come,” said Solcrist as he saw Famaron and everyone else come around the corner.
     “ Nice,” said Ratie as she hurried over to Famaron and then said quickly,” I’ve got a plan and its’ an enormously perfect work of perfection.” 


   


     After Ratie had told everyone the plan they went over and stood by Rinship’s Mehelux and waited.  After 30 minutes they were all getting a bit antsy when Famaron asked,” You don’t think there’s another match going on?”
     “ Oh that would be bad luck, but either way we can’t go in and check or we would get caught,” said Ohgood as he kicked a Denja can into the air.
     “ Good point, maybe it’s just a long awards ceremony, with speeches and family pictures,” said Dornoa as he shrugged his shoulders and gave a sheepish smile.
     “ I know what it is,” said Ratie excitedly as she grinned and tapped Famaron’s chest.
     “ Alright let’s have it you gargoyle faced weirdo,” said Famaron enthusiastically as he grinned and grabbed Ratie’s wrists.
     “ Ha ha haa, the funerals for the other wizards.  You can’t just kill them and do nothing ha ha ha,” said Ratie proudly as she grinned and nodded yes quickly and then laughed.
     Inside the stadium they were having funerals for the 4 wizards who perished.  They had holographic movies of their lives playing as well wishers lined up to cast spells of wealth on their children.  There was 
also a dozen dragons flying in figure eights above the diamond caskets and blowing large rings of flames.  Rinship and Orbay stood stolidly giving each person a stern look of gratitude and a tap on the forehead when Orbay asked,” Is it that time of day or does it just feel hot to me?  I feel soaked to the bone and my thoughts are sweaty.”
     “ It is far too hot to even remember cold.  I need to get a cold drink and a patch of shade or I’m done for, my lovely Orbay.”
     “ I agree, but we can’t leave it would be disrespectful to the fallen.  What if we send Paguis to round up some Denja’s and a Gack burger.  Wait here I’ll take care of it,” said Orbay as she kissed Rinship and rubbed his chest and then walked over to Paguis and asked,” Paguis, we need cold Denja’s and Gack burgers and we need them fast.  Can you help us we can’t leave the stage?”
     “ Of course, but I just got word a moment ago there are a group of 6 people milling about by Rinship’s Mehelux.  I don’t think there is much need for concern, but they are an odd sort and maybe the owners of those battleships.  I’ve sent a pair of guards to investigate,” said Paguis sternly as he spoke into Orbay’s ear and held her arm gently.
     “ Really o.k. that sounds appropriate.  I will alert Rinship to the situation and I hope that you will keep us posted,” said Orbay warmly then she kissed Paguis’s cheek.
     “ I will do exactly that, and your drinks and burgers will be gotten by me personally,” said Paguis then he hurried away and Orbay walked back over to Rinship.
     “ Rinship, there is a group of 6 people out by your ship milling about.  Paguis wanted me to tell you that he thinks they’re the owners of the battleships and that he sent a security detail to talk with them,” said Orbay warmly as she gave a woman a stern look of gratitude and nodded.
     “ Interesting, I wonder if they’re hostile or simply visiting.  We must be ready for anything those ships could do a lot of damage.  I’ll be interested to see who they are,” said Rinship as he thought of fighting the battleships with his new shield and smiled to himself.
     Outside the stadium 2 large guards named Guarag and Tinct were walking towards Ratie and everyone who were standing in front of Rinship’s Mehelux.
     Guarag had mahogany colored swirling long curly hair that was tied into a cross in the back.  His eyes were yellow and had black circles dotted throughout.  His nose was broken at the tip and was long and thin with a purple square scar on the bridge.  He was 6’5” and 310 pounds with a huge chest and arms.  He had on a silver and gold satin suit coat and white t shirt with the words,” The end is over,” written on it.  He also had on black leather pants and green sneakers with Rinship’s face on the side.
     Tinct was auburn haired and had black and green colored eyes that darted from side to side.  He had a nose that looked like a light bulb and fat red cheeks.  He was 6’3” and weighed 280 pounds with giant forearms and thick legs.  His fingers were as wide as a silver dollar.  He had on the same clothes as Guarag, but his shirt read,” If I’m your friend, you don’t have any,” written in navy blue block letters. 
     “ Alright everybody what’s your business here?” asked Guarag sternly as he glared at Ohgood.
     Famaron walked up to him and said warmly,” WE are from the planet Parscan and our world was recently destroyed.  So we are here in the hopes of being given asylum.  We had hoped to talk with the current ruler of Permea is that possible?” asked Famaron calmly as he looked at Tinct and then Guarag.
     Guarag glared at Famaron and then looked up at the battleships and asked,” If you come to find a new home why bring vessels of war?”
     “ Because there wasn’t much time.  A neighboring galaxy was crashing into ours and we had to take whatever ships we could.  We are not here to make war, only to find a new start,” said Famaron plainly as he raised his eyebrows and gritted his teeth.
     “ O.K. then I will get you an audience with Rinship, but I must know if you have a large army inside those war ships?” asked Guarag as he motioned to Famaron’s ship.
     “ No, actually they are empty, our passengers died of a superflu.  Literally within 3 days they were all dead,” said Famaron calmly as he tried to actually visualize the dying passengers.
     “ Then how did you 6 survive?” asked Tinct as he eyed Veata.
     “ We were locked in the captain’s quarters as we feared for our lives.  For us to be just standing here is a miracle,” said Ratie as she looked at everyone and grimaced.
     “ That’s very lucky, it sounds like you’ve been thru a lot.  Here’s what I’ll do, I’ll get you an audience with the emperor, but I can’t guarantee he’ll give you asylum.  I would think so, wait here and I’ll soon return,” said Guarag warmly then he and Tinct walked back to the stadium.
     Then Ratie looked at Famaron and was about to say something about how lucky they were when Famaron shook his head no and pointed to his eyes to tell her they were being watched.
     “ Boy, that’s great news after all we’ve been thru.  I hope the emperor will allow us to stay here,” said Famaron firmly as he gave everyone a knowing glance.
     “ You are right, I think he might, to be emperor he has to be wise and understanding.  It would be a shame to have to set off into space and just keep going from planet to planet,” said Solcrist in a concerned tone as he rubbed his chest and then sighed.
     “ It would be the worst thing I can think of.  I love it here and would like to spend the rest of my days enjoying this beautiful world,” said Veata sadly as she hugged Solcrist.
     Meanwhile Guarag and Tinct were around the corner of the stadium 200 feet away listening in on what Veata and everyone was saying on a set of high powered head phones.
     “ They sound legitimate to me,” said Tinct as he pulled off his set of phones and looked at Guarag.
     Guarag nodded and then put his headphones in a sack and said,” Alright, then they are what they say they are.  I’ll vouch for them with the emperor.  Who by the way should almost be done with the funerals,” said Guarag then he looked skyward. 
     Then in the sky appeared a giant 1500 foot long green and blue dragon carrying a string of 4 coffins behind it.  The dragon flew high into the air and as it did suddenly the red clouds began to encircle it.  Then a barrage of lightning and bursts of fire bombarded the coffins and they began to dance in the sky.  Then there was a half dozen sonic booms and the coffins were sucked into a hole in the sky as a brilliant shimmering blue lightning bolt shot out.  The dragon began sending a steady stream of fire from its mouth and burned the word,” Saricorn,” across the sky and then the dragon exploded in a flash of light, fire, and blood sending its ashes raining down on the stadium below.
     Saricorn was the leader of the main religion for the Poems known as Brapogus.  He was also the creator of Brapogus after he spent 15 hours speaking with God in a dense cavern known then as the Popgir caves, but after became known as the Turning Point caves.  When Saricorn spoke with god he told him that a great change was ahead for the people of Permea and that one day they’d have to lay down their dreams and start a new path to enlightenment.  And that each person would be required to give one year of their lives to god’s subconscious writings, which meant they would take dictation as god 
spoke softly about the mysteries of the universe and the afterlife.  Whereby each manuscript would be given to that person to do with as they pleased.  The Saricorn parishners wore one item of red clothing either on their person or in their pockets at all times.  They also spent 30 minutes per day forgiving themselves for mistakes from their lives by doing vivid recreations of their mistakes in their minds.  All members were required to read and memorize the Bacough, which was filled with the entire conversation Saricorn had with god as well as his thoughts as it was happening.
     “ What exactly was that?” asked Ratie happily as she smiled wildly and looked at everyone wide eyed.
     “ That, that was awesome I need more exploding dragons in my life.  And is it too much to ask for a hole being punched in the sky and coffins being pulled in.  Please don’t deny me my one true wish!” said Ohgood sarcastically then everyone laughed and watched pretending to play.
     “ Whatever it was, I am beyond blown away.  If I die I want a minimum of 2 exploding dragons and 17 lightning bolts or I’m gonna come back to life and die over and over again ‘til it happens,” said Famaron jokingly then he knelt down beside Ohgood and pretended to pray.
     “ I as well am a lover of spectacle and wish sincerely that the sun would turn black and Goarote himself would come down and say a few words in remembrance.  Now what I won’t tolerate in this life or the next is a shower of ash.  It’s insanity, unsightly, and borders on deliberate loss of reason and most assuredly good taste!” said Solcrist sternly as he walked back and forth and then threw his hands up in the air.
     Everyone looked at him in shock and then Ratie asked,” You were making a joke right, because you creeped us out a bit, Solcrist?”
     Solcrist looked over sternly and then waved his finger angrily and then said calmly,” You have to ask a lover of jokes if he’s kidding.  Now there’s a fine bit of irony for an old man”
     “ I think the part of your brain that can tell between a joke and a serious moment is aging twice as fast.  That’s not to say you’re near death, well…maybe it is, but your sense of humor certainly is,” said Ohgood sarcastically as he grinned and threw his hands up in the air.
     Then out of the stadium came a horde of people.  They shot off in every direction and then out came Rinship, Orbay, and Paguis with their security detail of 6 guards including Guarag and Tinct in the front.  Rinship walked over to Famaron and then asked warmly,” I hear you are refugees in search of a new home is that correct?”
     “ It is indeed, we’ve lost nearly everything and are hopeful we’ll catch a break,” said Famaron as he smiled slightly and looked at Orbay, Paguis, and then Rinship.
     “ Interesting, I am Rinship the leader of this world and I will need to know your names before we go any further,” said Rinship warmly as he gave each person a good hard look.
     “ I am Famaron that’s Ratie, Ohgood, Veata, Solcrist, and Dornoa.”
     “ Good, well, Famaron, what was your position on your home world?  I can tell from your voice that it was one of power and distinction,” asked Rinship as he looked him in the eyes.
     “ I was the emperor of Parscan before a brutal coup that ousted me from power.  Then after a period of time of me trying to regain my power Goarote himself decided to destroy Parscan.  He felt we had strayed too far from his teachings,” said Famaron as he kept eye contact with Rinship as he spoke.
     “ Fascinating, but who is this Goarote, a rival ruler or a general?” asked Rinship honestly.
     “ God himself, the 6 of us here all spoke with him.  And Solcrist was the one he told of the eventual demise of Parscan,” said Famaron smoothly as he motioned to Solcrist.
     Rinship looked at Famaron in disbelief and then at Orbay and Paguis and smiled and said happily,” You are jesting I appreciate humor like this.”
     “ He is not, I spoke with Goarote only days before the planet was destroyed.  And that is why we were the ones that survived, unlike our countrymen and women.  I assure you, Rinship, there is a god and he is watching,” said Solcrist plainly as he stepped forward and then looked skyward and smiled slightly.
     “ This is amazing, Solcrist, I myself have always had a firm belief in God or Goarote as you call him, but I had never met a soul who had ever spoken with him.  This…this is something we need to discuss over dinner.  I am inviting you all to my castle to dine and talk of your experiences.  I’ll tell you now that if you are good with god, and I believe you are, then you can stay here as long as you like under my protection.  Now concerning your battleships I would like you to follow me over to my castle in them and at some point I would like a tour of one.  Now let us be rid of this place,” said Rinship smoothly as he grinned and then he, Orbay, and Paguis and his soldiers went into his Mehelux.
     Meanwhile Famaron and the others hurried into their battleships and lifted into the air.  Rinship’s Mehelux lifted off and then started for his castle known as the Weugh.  Inside the bridge on Famaron’s ship he sat down and said excitedly,” There are good days and there are great days, but today is the third kind, perfection.  Not only do we get to stay he’s literally taking us to his castle where the book of spells is, which means we could very easily steal it and kick the plan into action.”
     “ Plus he’s like us and a firm believer in god so that bit we told him about Goarote will give us a good spot in his thoughts.  The question now is how do we find the book without bringing it up or flat out asking?” asked Ratie as she did a goofy dance where she made her arms act like snakes and her legs shake and tap the floor.
     “ That’s a good question and we can’t let it slip out either or we’re dead,” said Veata sternly as she did some exercises in her bridge.
     “ There are ways, all’s we have to do is make it known that we are wizards.  Then one of us puts on a display of his or her gifts.  Then he’s sure to want to talk magic and surely he’ll have to trump our spell and the only way to do that would be with the spell book.  See, we’re smarter than him, but he doesn’t see it because he doesn’t know us ha ha,” said Solcrist slyly as he ate a steak stick and sat back in his seat.
     “ Oh, Solcrist, that is so wise it’s insane.  He’ll literally be falling over himself to show us the book.  The only question now is how do we get it out of his castle?” asked Ohgood as he did a handstand.
     “ We’ll have to see what he has for security and play it by ear.  The key will be that all of us leave or none of us.  I say this because once we know where it is there’ll be many other chances to take it.  So there’s no reason to panic once we’re inside,” said Famaron calmly as he opened a bottle of Dorgotten wine.
     Dorgotten is a blue wine from 700 years prior when the sun bombarded Parscan with extra heat for 9 years.  The grapes that were grown during that period had an extra sweetness to them that never had been seen since.  The owner of the largest winery of the time Daum Dorgotten took great pains to only make 100,000 bottles of wine in the hope it would increase their value.  Now there are only 300 bottles 
left in existence and are the equivalent of finding a 2 pound purple diamond.  Daum kept 2,000 bottles to pass on to his heirs and over the centuries every time they needed money they would sell one.  The fortune they got from each bottle was enough to last for 10 years or equal to 85 million dollars.             
     After 2 hours of flying over the countryside they came to Weugh.  It was a mile high and made from green and black swirling marble.  It had 10 towers with gunners outposts from top to bottom around the outside of its pyramid shaped core.  There was a large red laser canon on the front of the castle that had a thick glass bubble at the base of it where a soldier sat at all times.  The canon was so powerful it could ripe thru any ship with one shot.  There was also a rotating hologram of Rinship and Orbay cast on the four sides of the shimmering pyramid.  It was nearing dark now so it was clearly visible as the red clouds framed it from behind.  There was also a pair of black marble statues of Pumagain Chapque showing him casting a spell and with a wall of red fire behind him.  Chapque had long flowing blonde hair that cascades back from a widows peak off his large forehead.  He has a long attractive thick nose with 6 dimples on the bridge.  His eyes are warm and navy blue in color.  In life he’s 6’8” and 289 pounds of pure muscle.  He always wears a black flowing robe as well as black leather sandals.  Chapque is the second most powerful wizard on Permea giving him the title of Bordici.  He’s well known for his love of women and his penchant for random spells that sometimes leave people dangling from towers.  He also once cast a spell that turned a man’s hands into baked rolls after the man refused to hold his box of wine while he ate a Gack burger.
     The front of the pyramid section of the castle opened up revealing a hangar bay.  Rinship flew in the giant bay first followed by the 6 battleships.  After they had all landed they exited the ships.  The hangar bay was stark white with large black circles every 6 feet that had random holograms appear in them 
every 5 minutes.  The floor of the bay was shimmering silver and had a thin see thru rubber coating that gave it great grip.  There were 2 dozen Joems working in the hangar bay, with several of them smoking cigarettes.
     “ Alright everyone follow me inside.  I assure you it will be to your liking,” said Rinship warmly with a smile as he walked towards a wall and as he got close it slid open revealing a passageway and he went in.
     Orbay, Paguis, and a Joems robot followed him in with Veata and the rest close behind.
     “ This is really a great castle.  I’ve never seen one more beautiful from the outside,” said Ratie happily as she walked into the corridor.
     “ It’s like a dream and I don’t want to wake from it,” said Veata as she walked beside Ratie.
     Inside the corridor it was pentagon shaped and had holograms inside 3 foot deep cubby holes from one end to the other of the 30 foot long hallway.  The ceiling was 13 feet high and had an upside down meadow hologram with Gacks running up and down it and jumping downward to almost hitting you as you walked.  The floor was covered in a 6 inch thick red and black carpet that depicted the first spell Rinship had ever cast.  It showed him transforming a grove of trees into a dozen dragons.  Then the dragons fired flames into a small pond until the water was completely evaporated.
     “ I love technology and this hallway I love,” said Ohgood as he looked at a hologram of a half man half gargoyle doing flips as it shot a Gasou at targets in a field.
     “ Glad to hear it, I worked very hard on getting every detail perfect.  I told Orbay, we won’t live anywhere that doesn’t inspire us.  I think that’s the keys to it all, Ohgood,” said Rinship happily as he looked over at Ohgood who smiled.
     “ I couldn’t agree more, if it doesn’t get your mind running full speed then it shouldn’t be called home.  I will say this thou, that display at the stadium earlier was utterly amazing,” said Ohgood calmly as he looked at Rinship and then a hologram of a dragon eating a giant Gack burger.
     “ You saw that, were you in the stadium?” asked Orbay smoothly as her thoughts were of possible treachery.
     “ No, we could see it clearly from outside,” said Ohgood quickly as he smiled slightly and nodded, but secretly felt a nervous shock go thru his body.
     “ Oh I see, well thank you for the compliment we give our wizards a send off that would make them proud.  It also gets other wizards a little more motivation to compete in Qualpork,” said Orbay warmly as she tried to see if Ohgood was nervous at all by watching his stomach and chest out of the corner of her eye.
     “ Qualpork, so that’s what was happening in the stadium.  Is it some sort of sport, you had mentioned wizards is it a duel?” asked Famaron smoothly as he looked calmly at Rinship.
     “ Yes it’s our national obsession and it’s far more than a sport.  It’s a battle of a wizard’s resolve as his team tries to get a Qualpork which is a small man, to his end of the field.  But it’s more than that as they put their lives on the line for wealth and stature.  I myself completed many years ago and won my match.  It was enough money to get me a good start in life,” said Rinship happily as he remembered his triumph at the stadium where he won, but also lost his brother to a dragon’s tail in the match.
     “ Fascinating I wish we would have had something like that on Parscan it would have changed a lot of lives,” said Ratie as she looked at Solcrist and shrugged her shoulders and smiled.
     Then they came to the Daveric dining room.  It had 6 octagon shaped black wooden table, with Qualporks standing in the center of each.  The Qualporks had matching red satin suits and black silk long sleeved shirts and black leather dress shoes.  There were 6 brown leather recliners at each of the tables as well as 6 place settings.  The tables were arranged in an arrow shape with a 10 foot wide black TV monitor facing the tables that was hovering above the ground using anti gravity boosters on all sides.  Behind the TV monitor was a lounge area that had 4 brown leather couches facing a large holographic movie projector that had all 1,106,000 movies that had been made on Permea.  There was also a brown box of Dummi cigars, a rare Dirki brand sitting on a side table next to the couches.  There was also an entire wall of wine bottles that rose up a 100 foot shaft and was equipped with robotic arms to get your chosen bottle.  There was a statue of Rinship and Orbay on the wall behind the TV monitor.  The walls in the room were all waterfalls that were lit by various colors at different times of the day.  The floor had a laser seal that would create different forms of pressure for different size feet and give the person total comfort.
     “ Everyone please take a seat at any table you wish.  Then a menu will be brought as well as a glass of wine, coffee, and Denja to quench your thirsts.  Then we will have a bit of a movie I am fond of,” said Rinship brightly as he walked into the room and sat down at the head of the closest table to the TV monitor.
     “ Really, what’s the name of the film?” asked Dornoa as he sat down at the table next to Rinship’s.
     “ The last moment I cared, it’s a war picture that is loosely based on the Farmoc war over 250 years ago.  Trust me it will entertain,” said Rinship then he picked up his menu and took a look.
     “ Who was the Farmoc war between? “ asked Veata warmly as she sat down to the left of Rinship and Orbay.
     “ The Haborm and Peoms, I won’t spoil the movie for you, but I will say that the battle scenes are completely factual,” said Orbay as she took a glass of coffee from a Joems waiter.
     “ Enough talk of the movie I must know of your talk with god.  I’m sorry, but I can’t think of anything else,” said Rinship boldly then he put his fingertips into his glass of water and rubbed his eyelids in a circle.
     “ Well his voice is every voice all at once.  It was neither deep nor high, but it was comforting.  And when I heard it my worries and fears melted away as I became truly happy.  This in spite of the fact he was telling me that my world was about to be destroyed,” said Solcrist plainly as he thought of his conversation with Goarote and the feeling his body had.
     “ That is awe inspiring, was he trying to put you at ease or did it just happen?” asked Paguis anxiously as he lit up a Porkers cigarette and tried to focus on what was being said as his thoughts raced.
     “ He wasn’t trying at all, but half a second into the conversation that’s right where I was and I stayed there for many days after.  I can tell you this, if you dare think he doesn’t exist or isn’t watching, he won’t strike you down then because that would be too easy, but I assure you, you will be stricken,” said Solcrist sternly then he grabbed his glass of wine and downed it.
     “ I believe you, I have known this all my life.  Well, I say after that it is time for rejoicing.  Let us feast and enjoy a fine film together,” said Rinship happily as he smiled and leaned back in his seat and thought of god.
     Everyone ordered their meals and they were soon brought.  They ate and then Orbay started the movie and the lights in the room dimmed.  Then on the screen could be seen an old white haired soldier in a black and gold general’s uniform.  He had dark red eyes and green skin.  He was 6’8” and 330 pounds, but not solid muscle as he had a large round belly.  His uniform had 6 holographic commendations for valor in the line of duty.  He also had a thick white goatee shaved into a point and a long crooked scar from his left nostril to his cheekbone.  He had on a pair of green and black stripped leather boots and a pair of silver rimmed and golden lenses sunglasses.  The name of the Peom general was Dart Shavedust.
     He stood in the center of an enormous treeless battlefield that stretched for 80 miles.  There was a large enemy army in Hurn tanks and small planes called Gogs as well as on foot heading right for him.  Dart stood there motionless as the Haborm army advanced.  The Gogs were crimson dragon fly shaped 70 foot long anti gravity planes which were multi colored with dozens of different colored spots all over their chasses.  They had 6 green bubbles 8 feet wide around the outside of the ship with wizards inside ready to cast a spell if needed.
     The Hurns had the shape of a blue whale, but with 8 five foot wide cubby holes with the soldiers holding large laser canons and machine guns on the sides.  The front had 3 five foot across missile launchers gun barrels that could fire 6 at one time.  The top had a flame flow gun which could fire balls of fire up to 600 feet into the air.  The Hurns were red in color with the face of the then emperor Mching Tomor on the front of each.
     Mching Tomor was a much loved ruler who went out of his way to make his people happy.  He was the one that started a program where the poorest of his people were given a monthly stipend to enrich their lives.  His reign became known as the ,”Constant happy,” as he built massive castles for his people to live in as well as gave them new clothes every 2 weeks.  He spawned 40 children who inherited his title after his passing and tried in vain to continue his good will, but ran out of the resources to do it.  Upon his death there was a mass hysteria as the shock of it was too much to bear.  Even today the castles he built still stand.  He even wrote a 75 page guide to understanding the meaning of day to day life titled,” If you know, then I knew,” with lines like,” a quiet room and a bit of drink are as passionate as a wild celebration if it is your ideas that are of joy.  You can bring your spirits up in a moment if hate and revenge are forgotten.  Don’t belabor your failings while you’re in that room, because they’re not sitting beside you unless they’re invited.  What does the poet say when his heart sails, I am the wind and the sun is my heart as it soars thru the moments of a rejoicing soul,”
     Inside the Haborm lead Hurn tank sat general Toum Silk in a large brown leather recliner as he looked at Dart standing strong on the battlefield.  Toum was 5’7” 154 pound and he had seal black long flowing hair with a computer input on the right side of his head.  His eyes were red and green and lacked even a trace of humor.  He was far from handsome and his odd half thin half wide nose put most people off.  His teeth were bright white and looked devious when he smiled.  He had on a black leather jacket, with all his medals and a picture of his wife Dreob on the front.  He also had on black denim jeans with red silk pockets and a pair of tan loafers with his initials on the toe.
     The inside of the Hurn’s command room was 60 feet long and had the general’s chair against the back wall.  In front of him there was a 20 foot wide monitor that could enhance any object in front of the tank up to 70 miles away.  There were computers on the right and left side of the room with 6 soldiers per 
side manning them in yellow leather chairs.  There was also an espresso machine next to the general’s chair as it was his favorite and he drank 15 cups a day.  The floor of the room was covered with 8 black and red circular rugs with the Haborm hierarchy’s faces on each of them.  The ceiling rose up 15 feet into a dome and had an escape pod for the general and his pet dragon Lammi.
     “ Toum looked at Dart and then asked sternly,” What is that idiot doing?”
     “ He may have lost it, general, why else would he be alone,” said Captain Bone Geeld as he stood with his arms folded beside Toum.
     Bone was 6’5” 165 pounds and very wiry.  He had short gelled blonde hair that was combed forward and then up into a peak.  He had a long thick blonde beard and light blue calm eyes.  He had on a red leather jacket with no collar and a pair of black green leather work boots with the Haborm insignia on the sides of half of his face with a dagger coming out of the mouth.
     “ No, I know Dart even if he had lost it he wouldn’t do something this stupid.  Well…at least I don’t think he would.  Tell the fleet not to destroy him we’ll take him prisoner instead.  Maybe I’ll get a smile today after all,” said Toum snidely as he grinned slightly and sat forward and remembered the fist fight he had with Dart 10 years prior after Dart grabbed his wife’s breast and made an obscene comment about her lack of hygiene.
     “ It’s taken care of, general,” said Bone quickly then he hurried over to the intercom and said sternly,” Listen close, the general does not want the Peom general injured.  He is to be taken hostage and to remain unharmed.  He may have gone insane so be careful in the capture of him.”
     “ Nice work, Bone, it would be a travesty if he had actually lost his mind.  A powerful man like that only exists if he has all of his faculties.  But I’ll take him either way, because I simply can’t stand him.  
From man to trophy what a fine day, I might have that smile after all, Bone,” said Toum as he smiled and Bone and he laughed. 
     Then as the fleet grew closer to Dart he began singing the song,” I wonderball,” by the Born Alives as they approached.
     The Born Alives were a 3 piece power rock band from the city of Kash, a Dirki stronghold.  The lead singer and virtuoso guitar player Bherc Gibs was a Peom Dirki mutt who wrote all of his songs just after arguments.  Because of this fact he intentionally started arguments in the hopes of getting new material for his songs.  The song,” I wonderball,” was about how the government didn’t understand the people and that they were trying to dictate how people lived their lives.  And that it was time to rise up because they weren’t gonna stand for it.  The song made it to number 649 on the weekly number 1 countdown, but never got any higher.
     Then Toum’s Hurn got within 80 feet of Dart and he said sternly,” O.K. send out 3 soldiers and remember I want him unharmed.”
     “ I’ll go personally, general, I’m on my way,” said Bone firmly then he hurried out of the room and grabbed another soldier with brown hair and made their way outside.
     “ Oh, come a little closer friend from my past.  We need to reminisce,” said Toum snidely as a devious smile came across his face and he stood up and slapped his chest and let out an anxious sigh.
     “ I wonderball if a world can run.  I think it’s all too clear now they conned us good.  But a will has ways and a pig king can fall.  If we’ve had enough of their lies and death, we’ll knock them from that perch and send them to the fiery depths.  If only I wonderball,” sang Dart calmly as he smiled and watched the soldiers coming out of the Hurn with Pocaws in their hands.
     Pocaws are a higher powered stun electricity shotgun that shoots blue balls that when they hit you send a large shock of electricity thru your body knocking you unconscious.
     Bone raised his Pocaw and said sternly,” Alright, Dart, go ahead stop singing we’ve already heard that tune.”
     “ What would you prefer?” asked Dart calmly as he grinned and rubbed his palms together.
     “ How about the one where you walk quietly over to me and then we take you back to the Hurn.  Do you know that tune?” asked Bone sarcastically as he kept his Pocaw raised and slowly walked over to Dart.
     “ Not really hum a few bars,” said Dart jokingly as he laughed and folded his arms and pressed a red button on the sleeve that instantly started to blink.
     Then suddenly the whole battlefield had hundreds of holes open up and Peom soldiers tanks and Meheluxs who’d been hiding beneath the ground burst up and out.  Then they began blasting the Haborm fleet starting with Toum’s Hurn which was blown into a million pieces by a pair of Meheluxs.
     Dart pulled a Gasou pistol from his back pocket and shot Bone in the forehead as he looked around in shock as well as the soldier beside him with a shot in the chest.  The whole battlefield was bedlam as the Haborm fleet was caught off guard and before they could flee were being blown to pieces.  Dart ran and jumped into a Mehelux and shot high up into the sky.
     “ That was the sickest thing I’ve ever seen,” said Ohgood enthusiastically as he pumped his fist and smiled and then laughed loudly.
     “ Did that actually happen in real life, Rinship?” asked Ratie in disbelief as she looked at Rinship wide eyed and with her mouth agape. 
     “ Yes, 100 percent factual, this whole movie is completely accurate.  Wait ‘til you see the next part it’s not over yet,” said Rinship happily as he folded his arms and grinned.
     Then in the movie the Peom army was making quick work of the Haborm army when suddenly a huge Haborm battleship that was answering a distress call appeared.  The ship was 8 football fields long and rose up 150 stories.  It was dark green in color with 700 gun ports along the sides and 50 atomic bombs on the undercarriage.  It looked like a dragon in shape and had a silver face of Navios Kem on the front and his hands on the sides.
     Navios Kem was half man half angel who had smooth silver skin and no hair on his body.  His head was shaped like a box of popcorn and he had permanently open red eyes and a black pyramid in the center of his forehead.  He was sent to Permea to change the course of history as god thought that civilization indulgences in debauchery were destroying his divine plan.  Navios walked Permea disposing of unworthy souls by giving them a glance that instantly stopped their brains and organs from working and killed them where they stood.  He also sent a wave of his thoughts thru all of Permeadians literature he felt was unsuitable and within seconds all of the books were changed.  He himself wrote a 5 lessons of god letter which was as follows,”
1.Never get even, although it’s your ego that screams to do just that, as god settles all bets himself.
2.Do not block a person’s climb to success as god has a particular fate line for everyone.  If you do so your last breath on Permea will be your last moment of being.
3.Be it a child that creates an anger in you, then be it a grave mistake to harbor this anger, as an unformed mind is only learning and can’t help it.
4.Life is short be the one who isn’t afraid of utter joy and gives it to every person they meet every day of their lives.  Or your lack of joy will bring a lash of sadness by god’s whip your way.
5.I’ll give any idiot riches and fame if for no other reason than to destroy their carefully crafted ego façade upon their death.  If you want to be a member of the afterlife never make the life of a unique soul harder in any way by playing them for the fool.
     Navios walked Permea for 68 years and one day, then rose up into the sky and turned into a 10 story diamond shaped building with red windows and then began to spin rapidly and in an instant was suddenly gone only leaving the word,” Remember,” in green letters in the sky.
     Inside Dart’s Mehelux he sat in his captain’s chair in the bridge surveying the battlefield.
     “ This is our finest hour gentlemen.  We are literally destroying the strongest army on the planet and there’s  nothing they can do to stop us,” said Dart greedily as he laughed and watched a large Hurn tank being blown to pieces.
     “ General, there’s a Haborm battleship directly above us!” shouted Soare Lowse as he steered the Mehelux.
     Soare Lowse had dark brown wavy hair that was long and went back from a widows peak.  He also had dark green eyes and a small nose that tilted up at the tip.  He was 5’9” 182 pounds and very fit.  He had on the same attire as Dart only yellow in color and with only half the medals.
     “ What then get us out of here immediately we won’t stand a chance against its guns!” said Dart frantically as he crushed his plastic red cup of bourbon in his hand and stood up quickly.
     Then Soare steered the ship dead left and up at an incredible rate of speed that threw half the crew to their knees.  The Haborm battleship began blasting at the other Peom Meheluxs and hit one broadside with a laser blast that split the ship in half sending the engine section off into space while the rest of the ship dive bombed into the ground and exploded on impact.
     Then the Haborm battleship fired 70 rounds into a Peom tank and the shot went clean thru then the tank collapsed inward onto itself and exploded as a soldier tried to escape.  The soldier was blown 60 feet into the air as he was engulfed in flames.
     “ That guy needs a nice cold shower.  Trust me just ask him,” said Ohgood sarcastically then Rinship and Orbay burst out laughing.
     “ Is that before or after he burns to death, because I’m guessing he doesn’t make it,” said Famaron slyly then he took a drink of his wine glass.
     Then Dart’s Mehelux got clear of the battleship and Soare asked,” We’re clear, general, what do you want me to do now?”
     “ Drop a Dabenger on the battleship and get us clear of the explosion,” said Dart coldly as he glared at Soare and raised his left eyebrow.
     “ But when the ship is destroyed it will kill a million of our own troops.,” said Soare in disbelief as he tried not to look away.
     “ We came here to win this battle and end the war!  Those men down there would expect nothing less of us, now do it!” thundered Dart as he stood up and then punched Soare in the mouth.
     Soare’s 2 front teeth got knocked out and his mouth filled with blood as he cowered in his chair and then he sat up and pressed the release button for the Dabenger and then let out a sigh.  The Dabenger fell down at a slow rate as the 4 ton red pumpkin shaped bomb with 7 propellers around the edges headed for the Haborm battleship.  As it neared, it released a loud metallic sound and a circle of red light that slowly moved out from it.  Then it opened up and released a thousand tiny platinum stars with blue flames coming out of them that shot down and attached to the battleship in a circle.  Then the Dabenger fell and as it landed in the center of the platinum stars they shot a high density particle ray into it and it exploded with the force of 100,000 pounds of dynamite straight down.  The battleship was instantly turned into a ball of rubble and twisted metal and flames as it hurled towards the hordes of troops, tanks, Meheluxs, and Gogs as well as Hurns.  The troops below had only moments to escape and very few did as the giant ball of flames and metal crashed down upon them.  Over a million were killed on impact and many others burned to death as they fled.
     “ That was so sinister, Rinship, I can’t believe he killed his own troops.  I could never have done that even if it was needed,” said Ratie as she looked at Rinship wide eyed and mouth agape.
     “ It had to be done or the Haborms would have taken over the world and we’d all be slaves right now.  Sometimes there has to be the ruthless act to start a chain reaction for a peace for all.  What general Dart did was actually a blow for civility and…really it saved ten times as many lives as it took,” said Rinship proudly as he put his hand to his chin and then nodded and wondered if he’d explained it correctly without offending his dinner guests sensibilities. 
     “ That is an important way to view it.  I understand what you’re saying.  How did his countrymen see it after the fact?” asked Ratie calmly as she rubbed her skin.
     “ He is the most beloved Peom in our history.  What he did is referred to as the ultimate gift.  So you can see what people think,” said Orbay warmly as she looked lovingly at Rinship and took his hand.
     Meanwhile in the movie the battle had ended and it showed the sun breaking thru the clouds at sunset.  The purple and red sky framed the enormous carnage as the mass of bodies sat motionless.  And then it showed Dart and Soare standing side by side as they looked over the battlefield and then Dart said boldly,” These men had it easy, they didn’t have to see this.  I’d given my own life if it would have changed anything.  We only have the luxury to morn these men for another few seconds, Soare, and then it’s our time to find another rainbow and catch it.”






     In the Dorkop highlands there was a village known simply as Borm.  The residents there claimed to have a fountain of youth.  These men and women known as the Grifs remarkably never aged.  When asked about this miracle they would always say Trinflask and nothing but.
     This word was later found out to be a man from the Grifs who lived in the heart of Borm in a castle that was half above ground half below.  He was well known as a wizard of great power, but also as a renowned scientist.  The Grifs held him in such high esteem that they cleared the sidewalk when he came towards them and they’d put back groceries until he had purchased what he wanted.
     He looked like a raccoon with a long face and black and white beard and long thick combed upward eyebrows.  The hair on the top of his head was also black with white streaks on the sides and top.  It was his eyes that tempered most as they were golden and gave you an impression that you couldn’t fool him.  He was only 5’6” and weighed 130 pounds, but was greatly feared as he could cast a devastating spell with only the wave of his hand.  Trinflask’s living room had a large purple liquid pumping fountain that contained a concoction known as Reh.  Reh could trick the body into a reverse aging process by 
tapping into the body’s inner clock and spinning it backwards.  He came upon the potion when he slipped on a rubber glove and all 29 of his potions that he was working on fell into a single vat and a burst of electricity shot up into the air as the potions fought against one another.  Then he took a tea cup of the Reh and gave it to his dying cat Babitalk.  Within 30 minutes Babitalk began walking and then running all over the lab and purring with joy.  Trinflask could see the cat get gradually younger and younger and then he decided he had to try it for himself, so he drank it.  It wasn’t long before it did the same for him and he yelled out in joy,” Mistakes are for making!”
     At the very end of,” The last moment I cried,” it showed Dart standing in front of a large dragon with his 1 million troops behind him in a huddled mass at the edge of the fields of Laiy.  The fields of Laiy were an 800 mile long purple and red soft grass and waterspout field that ended abruptly at the Bloodlet ocean.  There were dozens upon dozens of large perfectly square dark brown 50 yard wide and 8 story high huts that housed the Haborm in that time, with gun turrets in a v formation along each side and massive laser canons on the roofs.
     Dart thought to himself he couldn’t go on like this anymore.  He’d already fought the Haborm for 10 years and to wage another battle terrified him.  He stared blankly at the side of the red dragon then a moment of clarity came over him and he turned to his troops and said warmly,” Gentlemen, not so gentlemen, I can’t ask you to raise a weapon and fight or even ask you to raise your voice in anger after what you’ve given your people or what you’ve given me.  What I will ask is that you listen to this old man for one more minute or 2.  Men, we braved a lot of terrible situations in this war, a lot of dire moments when the best were scared out of our head.  Now you weren’t alone in this I distinctly remember the pain of fear not too long ago as I stared at my mourning razor and contemplated another shave,”  then the soldiers burst out laughing and Dart smiled and raised his handle and took a step 
forward and said boldly,” These Haborm would kill us in an instant if we were the fools they think we are.  I say only one thing to that and it is plain…we are marching across this battlefield today to give them the best exploding cup of mourning coffee they’ve ever had,” said Dart wryly and then the troops laughed and Dart said sarcastically,” I hate to do it during that morning pedicure, but they damn sure should have done it yesterday!”
     Then the soldiers cheered and shot across the Laiy fields and in between the Haborm huts.  After they were in and around all of them they looked at Dart and he smiled and slapped his chest and they began firing into the huts.  The barrage of laser fire lit up the dimness of the early hour and gave the sky a red glow.
     “ This is the greatest hour of all our lives and we won’t soon forget the pageantry of it, well…maybe a little,” said Dart snidely as he grinned and looked out over the destruction of the Haborm huts.
     Then the film ended with the simple lines in black and red letters across the screen,” If god intended us, then he intended us to never bow down, never give in or sit at a table of fools and try to blend in.  No, we all know why the gifts were ours, he had a soft spot for life shakers and joke tellers.  We do think one thing has it all amiss, we know he put the rest of you here to test and amuse us why else would we wake with smiles on our faces and a thought of the lot of you beneath our thumbs,” from the book by Trinflask titled,” We were strangers.”
     “ That was unbelievable!” yelled Veata happily as she stood up and stretched her arms and laughed.
     “ Thank you, we are glad you liked it,” said Orbay warmly as she and everyone else stood up and the lights came on.
     “ I loved it that’s the type of movie I could watch again and over again,” said Ratie brightly as she looked at Rinship.
     “ Well I am ecstatic about that, Ratie, but I must say there aren’t many films that can rival that one.  Lots of filmmakers have tried, but as of yet all failed,” said Rinship as he hugged Orbay and then gave her a kiss.
     “ I wanted to ask you, Famaron, what magic can you do with that staff?  I wanted to ask all of you the same question,” asked Paguis calmly as he walked over to the lounge and grabbed a Dummi cigar and pressed a button for the robotic arm to get him a rare bottle of Canbock wine.
     Canbock wine was a red wine from 300 years prior that was made from a deceased crop of blue grapes.  The dying grapes had a flavor that was never seen again and was widely regarded as the best bottle of wine you’d ever taste.
     Famaron’s eyebrows raised as he tried not to seem too eager and then asked coyly,” Oh I can do a bit, would you like me to show you a few spells?” asked Famaron as he looked calmly at Veata and then Rinship and Paguis.
     “ I would love it, we could use a bit of entertainment around here,” said Orbay excitedly as everyone made their way to the lounge.
     “ We would be truly honored, Famaron,” said Paguis as he opened the Canbock with a magnet bottle opener that sucked out the cork with a square of steel in the center of it.
     “ Then you shall have it.  I’ll start off with a personal favorite,” said Famaron warmly then he walked over and stood beside one of the 4 couches and then shouted,” Ep steals the wise man’s thoughts!”
     Then on the table in the center of the couches appeared a red and orange trimmed 3 foot tall stone man that looked like Famaron.  He had on a black scarf and a white cotton dress suit and red rubber shoes.  He had a ball of glowing green and black light in both hands.  Then as the stone man smiled the light turned into a dozen tiny running men who ran thru the air from one hand to the other.  Then the tiny men turned into a sun and 10 revolving planets that orbited the stone man.  Then the sun turned into a dragon and flew over and ate all the planets one by one until its head exploded into an arrow of red light.  Then the stone man jumped off the table and ran and dove into and thru the red waterfall and disappeared.
     “ Outstanding, Famaron, that was exceptional wizardry!” said Paguis boldly as everyone clapped and laughed loudly.
     “ How did you do that, it seemed that spell had several layers to it?” asked Rinship eagerly as he laughed on the couch with Orbay on his right side with her arms draped around his neck.
     “ On my world it’s what’s known as Shealiop spells.  What happens is the casting of the spell is accompanied by a series of mental spells that ends up boosting its effectiveness,” said Famaron warmly as Paguis handed him a glass of Canbock.
     “ Mental spells, that would make sense, because of all the different things you had him do,” said Rinship softly as he debated doing his own spell.
     “ So you use your inner monologue to fire off different forms of the same spell.  Well now I’m impressed, ya know, Rinship, you should show our guests a spell from the Laru book,” said Orbay as she looked happily at Rinship.
     “ Well I don’t know…” said Rinship as he tried to play it coy.
     “ What’s a Laru book, I’ve never heard of such a thing?” asked Dornoa as he rubbed his shoulder while he sat across from Paguis.
     “ You’ve never heard of the Laru books, that blows my mind.  They are the most powerful spells known to man.  One Laru spell can do more damage than 10 battleships.  Oh, Rinship, you need to go and get it and show are guests they would love it,” said Orbay boldly then she gave Rinship a gentle shove and he smiled back at her and she said warmly,” C’mon, Handsome, it will give us all a big smile.”
     Rinship looked at her for a moment and could tell what it meant to her and then looked at everyone else and stood up quickly and said happily,” Alright, you talked me into it.  I’ll only be a few moments I keep it in a safe in the next room.”
     Then Rinship walked straight at the waterfall on the left wall and as he drew near a section of water stopped and the wall slid open revealing a brief lighted passageway.  He went into the passageway and disappeared from view and Paguis said hopefully,” Wait ‘til you see this you won’t believe your eyes.”
     “ You’ll be running for your spell books and trying to steal the Laru after you see what it can do,” said Orbay gleefully as she grinned from ear to ear and fell back in her seat on the couch.
     “ You might be right,” said Ohgood coyly as he gave Famaron a sly look.
     Then in came Rinship and as he did he raised his staff and shouted with the Laru in his other hand,” Streap mero is flying!”
     Then 2 dozen golden 3 inch tall birds came flying out of his staff and burst into red, green, and turquoise flames just before they got to the couches.  The smoke they left behind began to churn and to take the shape of a man with a dragon’s torso surrounded by a pyramid of blue and gold light.  Then the 
beast jumped and sunk his head 1 foot down into the floor and a funeral of small Konno’s and an explosion of wind, fire, and light shot up into the air.  The Konno’s flew up and thru the ceiling and dropped mini soldiers with tiny parachuted on their backs down to the floor.  Then as all the people in the room were transfixed by what was happening Rinship began shooting shards of light from the tip of his staff at the mini soldiers bursting them into balls of flames.  
     “ This is so diabolical that it blows my mind,” said Ohgood in shock as he watched one mini soldier jump on the half dragon man and be eaten by him a second later.
     Then a large red line surrounded everything from the spell and then sucked it all together to form a brown burlap sack that dropped onto the table in the center of the couches.  Then Rinship walked nonchalantly over to the sack and picked it up.  Then he reached inside and pulled out 10 golden wrapped chocolates and smiled and said slyly,” A magical snack is what we all require, so feel free to partake.”
     Then everyone laughed and clapped and Ratie said boldly,” That was the sickest spell I’ve ever seen.  I can’t believe my young female eyes, but I want to.”       
     “ All that with one spell is a thought that defies reason.  Wow, that was worth the wait!” said Famaron loudly as he eyed the Laru book out of the corner of his eyes and smiled.
     “ You don’t know the half of it, watch this!” said Rinship boldly as he let go of the Laru in mid air.
     It fell at first 3 feet down, but then stopped abruptly and rose back up and began to glow.  Then it opened and spun softly to the left.  Everyone looked at the Laru then at each other and Famaron thoughts began to race and he couldn’t decide if he should grab it or wait.  He looked at the book and then suddenly Ohgood ran and grabbed the book and shouted,” Takof the armless dozen!”
     Then a trio of 9 foot red fur Baatolds appeared and they grabbed hold of Rinship, Orbay, and Paguis and wrestled them to the floor.  While everyone else ran for the hangar bay by going back to the hallway they came in.  They raced down the hallway and out into the hangar bay and saw there were 2 dozen Joems milling about play fighting one another and Famaron said Boldly,” Everyone grab your battleship and head for the Gorma highlands!  Those Baatolds won’t hold them for long, so get some space between this place and there before you get any ideas of stopping!  Oh, Ohgood, nice work,” said Famaron slyly as he shook his head and smiled from ear to ear.
     “ Thanks, but it was pure skill so I’ll take full credit,” said Ohgood slyly as he grinned.
     They all boarded their battleships and lifted up and out of the hangar bay as the Joems continued wrestling each other.  They traveled at full speed towards the Gorma highlands while Rinship, Orbay, and Paguis fought to free themselves in the lounge.
     “ Get off of me you disgusting pile of fur!” shouted Rinship as he used all his muscles to try and get free.
     “ I can almost reach my staff wait just a second,” said Paguis breathlessly as he reached out from under the Baatold with his right hand and then grabbed his staff and shouted,” Hink horatove righteous!”
     Then an explosion of lightning shot out of Paguis’s body and threw his Baatold 20 feet into the air and into one of the waterfalls.  Then Paguis stood up gingerly and rubbed his right thigh and then looked at Rinship and Orbay who were staring up at him fiercely and said nervously,” Oh, sorry just give me a second,” and then he raised his staff and shouted,” Serots aree godma!”
     Then the 2 Baatolds began to shrink and within a matter of seconds were the size of a coke can.  Then Rinship grabbed his Baatold and threw it against the wall in disgust and said sternly,” I was so stupid for trusting those people.  I just didn’t think I could be deceived and so I was.”     
     Orbay tossed her Baatold into the wall and said sadly,” We were taken in it happens.  Now we just have to find a way to track them down.”
     Rinship nodded softly as his thoughts were of embarrassment at his stupidity.  And then he kicked the couch and shouted,” How dare they destroy my trust, how dare they!” and then said snidely,” the day will come when I cut their bellies open and dine on their innards, but not in a fast way.  No, I’ll slowly cook them while they’re still alive.”
     “ Yes, we will bring them to their knees, emperor,” said Paguis quickly as he punched the couch.
     “ They can’t escape there’s only so many places they can go.  We will find them, Rinship, darling,” said Orbay hopefully as she walked over to Rinship and rubbed his chest and pulled the hair out of his face.
     “ This much is a crystal truth, a fact to be admired by future generations, my love.  I will have my debt repaid,” said Rinship coldly as he thought of tearing Famaron’s head from his shoulders and drinking his blood.
     Meanwhile inside Ratie’s bridge she sat happily eating a pair of steak sticks and drinking an orange soda called Gupea.
     Gupea was made by a 207 year old hermit who lived in a tree castle on the outskirts of formally Troitsa named Su Letter.  Su was an incredibly wealthy man as Gupea was a beloved drink, but with all his wealth chose to live in a humble tree castle.  He spent his days before the planet was destroyed 
playing a game of chess against himself that had lasted 20 years.  He just refused to give an inch, or in this case a pawn no matter what.  His wife Umy said that if he didn’t start laughing at her jokes once in a while she’d leave him for good.  To which he replied,” Your jokes make me want to push you off a cliff.  Not only that they give me gas and diarrhea.  So I say pack your things and don’t forget to pack those knee slappers ‘cause I can’t keep ‘em in the toilet cause I still need the space for those runny eggs you keep making.”  So Umy left him and when she was packing her things filled 2 of her bags with his collection of diamond rings and gold coins that he had in a large safe. 
     “ Do you think they’ve escaped the Baatolds yet?” asked Ratie as she ate.
     “ Yeah they must have, I bet they’re looking for us right now.  Hey, Famaron, have you been reading the Laru all this time?” asked Ohgood calmly as he shot holographic targets of Gargoyles using the ship’s games computer.
     “ I have indeed it’s amazing it doesn’t just list a random spell it tells you several thoughts that you have to be thinking at the time you cast it as well as the parts of your own body you need to be feeling when you cast it.  I had no idea any of that mattered.  It also has a list of Gorgunia chants that can send a dozen men into a state of panic, fascinating,” said Famaron as he sat in the captain’s chair and read.
     “ Really, well I know those will get used.  Huh…did you find the shield spell they used to attack the Deveo?” asked Ohgood as he blasted 7 gargoyles in rapid procession and laughed to himself.
     “ I did and if they catch up to us I’ll be quick to use it.  Boy this book is a real eye opener.  I just read a spell that can turn solid stone and liquid to water.  So if they come after us I could cast it and their ship would literally turn to water and they’d plummet to the ground,” said Famaron in disbelief as he smiled and read.
     “ That is so fantastical, with that book you’re a one man army,” said Veata as she laughed.
     “ That is true, but the spells only work if the actual book is within 3 feet of the person casting.  So we need to remember this in case one of us is neared to the book you might have to save the rest of us,” said Famaron honestly as he looked up from the Laru.
     “ That’s a very astute point and a wise warning for inevitably the book will change hands.  Now that we have the first stage of our plan, how easy do think it will be swaying our travel companions to fight with us?” asked Solcrist plainly as he watched a 1 foot tall pair of Baatolds doing flips on the floor in front of him.
     “ Well, we will see it will depend on their willingness to accept there is no other option.  The Peoms are going to destroy anyone who gets in their way.  Now we know that is basically everyone after what they did to the Deveo, but the Geen might need some convincing,” said Famaron as he thought of what he was going to say to the Geen to sway them to his cause.
     “ Leave the Geen to me, I’ve got the words they need to hear,” said Solcrist firmly as he laughed at the mini Baatolds.
     “ Are you sure?” asked Famaron quickly as he looked at Solcrist.
     “ Oh yes, let’s just say I speak a mean Geen.  They will help us, it is not in question,” said Solcrist sternly as he stood up and kicked one of the Baatolds into the air and then laughed loudly.
     Then the battleships traveled the last of the way to the Gorma highlands.  The Gorma was over 15,000 feet above sea level and right on the equator giving it constant warmth.  It consisted of ten 150 mile long green grass covered plateaus.  There was also large parts littered with bushes and 600 foot tall 
octagon shaped red trees known as Delps.  There was a different city on each of the plateaus with Gohama the largest having 70 million people living there.  Most of the refugees that made the trip from Parscan were in Gohama.  The people who lived there were known as the Recks.
     The city itself consisted of 8 layers of the same massive steel structure spread out over almost all of the plateau.  The layers grew taller as you neared the center of the city giving the appearance of a round black pyramid with a silver spoon shaped tower in the center known as the Pointed Man.  Inside the Pointed Man lived the ruler of the Gorma highlands King Hamrance Cohip or King Ham as he was called.  He made it known that every person living in the Gorma must pay him a large fee for the pleasure of his company and the use of his plateaus.  He charged each person 1/5 of all their wealth upon their second year of living there.  Needless to say everyone paid it or died a horrible death and all the while he grew richer and richer.  Gohama also had an 800 foot long floating lake that hovered 20 feet above the ground that had a spell cast on the water a century earlier to get it to float and to keep people from falling out the bottom although there were half a dozen spots where you could fall out of the bottom, but there was a large air filled purple mattress to catch you.  Along the sides of the pool there was a floating white sand beach with several small brown food huts set up and filled with comfort foods like Gack burgers.  There were always millions of ships flying in every direction around the city and at night a large swath of blue light made out of magic known as Sa, fills every street and alleyway so there is no fear of going out alone.  The nightlife is one of ultimate wonder as there are 60 streets with nothing, but bar after bar known as the Weld area.
     Just as the blue sun began to rise over Gohama the battleships flew towards her at slow speed.  The Sa was just starting to be shaped out and many of the Recks were heading home from the Weld area.
     “ Now that is a city, look at how massive it is,” said Veata in awe as she shook her head.
     “ I’m glad you like it, because it where we’ll be living and hiding from Rinship.  I say we land and grab some sleep at one of the hotels and let our worries catch a rest with us.  What do you say?” asked Famaron warmly as he stretched his eyes.
     Then in front of the battleships a pair of Konno’s began blasting at random small ships heading into the city.  They launched 6 missiles and 3 of them hit a Mehelux broad side and it burst into flames.  While the other 3 missiles raced after smaller ships and when they caught them blew them to pieces.
     “ What are those ships doing?” asked Dornoa as he watched the Konno’s.
     “ I don’t know, it could be a local dispute,” said Ohgood plainly.
     “ Or, they’re a couple of dirt bags.  I say we take ‘em out, I’m gonna try out a spell from the Laru and give those fools a rude awakening,” said Famaron sternly as he looked thru the pages then saw the spell he wanted and stood up and raised his staff and shouted,” T wrath be gone!”
     Then in front of his battleship appeared a purple winged devil with a pair of Gasou pistols in his hands as well as a black whip around his waist.  The devil was 100 feet tall and shredded with muscles.  He also had on a black loin cloth and a golden Morshito bracelet around his left wrist.
     The devil flew after the 2 Konno’s and fired shot after shot from his Gasou’s at the ships, with the first shot clipping the sides of one, but the others sailing wide.  The Konno’s split up and went in opposite directions, but as they did the devil’s whip turned into a circle of light and it changed the devil into a pair of large blue balls of light and fire and they had the face of the devil on each.  The balls shot after the Konno’s and when they caught up to the first one the mouth opened up and bit clean thru the fuselage splitting the ship in 2.  The half that remained exploded and was swallowed by the ball.
     The other Konno darted back and forth frantically as the blue ball closed in.  Then he shot straight down, but the ball raced past him and waited with its mouth open where he was headed.  And when he went into the mouth the ship came out the other side completely stripped down only to the steel frame, with the crew’s fleshless skeletons still in their chairs.
     “ O.K. I admit I’d thought I had seen it all, but that was a bold face lie.  So I now say that I have seen it all and that will remain a truth until another day when I say it again, thank you,” said Ohgood wryly as he spoke like an old man and shook his head and shoulders.
     “ O.K. great, they’re gone, but why were they here anyway?” asked Dornoa in a concerned tone as he lit up a cigar.
     “ Maybe they were a scout mission trying to lure us out.  I wouldn’t put that past Rinship,” said Ohgood calmly as he shrugged his shoulders and stared at his hand.
     “ I don’t know, maybe, but either way we need to get out of sight, because he is out there and he is gonna be here at some point,” said Veata sternly.
     “ You’re right let’s set down at the base of that hotel on the left there,” said Famaron then he flew towards the Cocyrtal hotel.
     The Cocyrtal hotel was the size of a mountain with over 500,000 rooms and an entire fun park inside its walls.  The outside of it was burgundy and had dark green windows shaped like a perfect circle all over the outside walls.  There was the owners face painted across the left side in perfect detail showing Lamdrob Cocyrtal in a stern glance.
     Lamdrob Cocyrtal was the only man half as rich as King Ham.  Lamdrob had a distinct appearance with purple and black piercing eyes and a perfect triangle shaped nose as well as his seal black long straight hair that went to the small of his back.  He had the words,” Death and laughter I can’t choose,” tattooed on his brow in green and red letters.  His mouth looked like a fish’s and he had a perfect jawline.  He was 7’3 and 652 pounds and was evenly proportionate.  His hands were so large that he used his pinky finger to shake hands.  His feet were so large he wore homemade boots that gave his size 45 shoes a poor appearance.
     There was a dozen water spouts along the outside of the hotel that shot a thick stream of water up in the air and into another spout that turned that into 50 smaller spouts of red water.  Then those 50 hit another collection spout and became 3 spouts of blue water as they shot into a large wading pool and went around the outside of the hotel.
     They landed all 6 battleships in adjoining hangar bays next to the hotel that had shuttled that would fly to the check in desk.  Inside the hangar bay there were thousands of lavish gigantic individual stalls for all the guests ships.  Each stall had a personal 2 couch lounge and holographic movie projector.  They also had 4 inch thick area rugs with Lamdrob’s smiling face sewn onto them, with each rug covering the entire stall.  There was also a refrigerator and food heater seat up against the wall filled with various drinks and warm Gack steaks.  There was a clover shaped doorway that led directly to your shuttle in the front of the stall that had the words,” Try smiling your face hurts,” written above it in a snake hologram that continually stuck out its tongue and winked at you.
     Everyone exited their battleships and walked thru the doorway and got into their shuttles.  The shuttles were 15 feet long and shaped like a twinkie with a dark green exterior. They had a large brown leather couch in the center of the shuttle facing straight out the front plasma window.  There was a pair 
of tiny 2 foot tall black robes driving the shuttle that looked like Lamdrob.  The shuttled drove thru a personal tunnel right inside the hotel then stopped 5 feet from the 150 yard long check in black marble counter.  There were hundreds of Recks sitting behind the counter waiting on every person in less than 30 seconds.  The room itself had a 60 foot high eagle shaped ceiling with a vivid light display of a meteor shower.  The floors were covered in enormous 5 inch thick black cashmere rug that had King Ham’s likeness on it and was removed and replaced with another cashmere rug daily as they were cleaned.  There was a light song playing titled,” To think in blankness,” by the Dreaming Realists.
     The Dreaming Realists were a 2 piece with each of them playing a variety of instruments.  Their names were Pete and Salion Eethers, a pair of brothers with Salion being the older of the 2 and the lead singer.  Salion looked like a blue bird with a rare skin condition that made his face multi colored.  He also had large lime green eyes that moved very slowly that put people at ease.  He said he wrote songs because he was scared of everything he saw and didn’t have the means to process it.  He once wrote a song titled,” Why are we talking,” about the different people he’d been over the course of his life and how now he couldn’t relate to or recognize any of them.
     “ Hey stranger do you want to share a room?” asked Camtow Elmit as she grinned at Famaron and rubbed his arm. 
     Camtow Elmit was a Beautiful seal black haired stunner with golden eyes.  She also had large full lips and noticeable deep dimples.  She had a tattoo of the Bromlus society above her left eye, that showed a head with a square block of gold coming out of the forehead.
     The Bromlus society was a large underground group of wizards and troublemakers.  They spent their days plotting ways to unravel the government in place and bring about the return of the Liolan years.  
Liolan is a green liquid ingested in drinking water.  Once ingested it begins to reconfigure a person’s DNA until all the worst genes are dissolved and a person becomes their greatest self.  The problem is your physical self changes as well until everyone looks stunningly beautiful and has the brains of a scientist thus there is no difference from person to person.  The end result becomes a world without diversity and only the ones who can afford it get the Liolan. 
     Camtow was 6’1” and 142 pounds with a thin curvy figure and soft skin.  She had on a black silk knee high dress, with a line of white flowers sewn up either side in lace.  She also had on a red lace choker and a silver bracelet with the words,” Skinny thinking,” engraved on it.  And she was wearing a pair of red 4 inch heels with the Bromlus crest on the heels.
     “ Well is it gonna cost me anything?” asked Famaron as he grinned and wondered if he should have said that.
     “ Yeah, half the price of the room and half the pillows, as well as the left side of the bed.  Are you interested?” asked Camtow slyly as she smirked and rubbed Famaron’s wrist.
     “ Yes I am, you wait here and I’ll take care of it,” said Famaron smoothly then he gave her a quick kiss on the lips.
     Then Famaron started for the counter and as he did Ratie, Ohgood, Dornoa, Veata, and Solcrist came walking up and Ratie asked,” So who’s your new friend, is she a spy?”
     “ No, Ratie, she just wants to share a room that’s all,” said Famaron as he grinned wildly and put his arm out holding Ratie back.
     “ I doubt it very highly that, that is all she’s after.  Either way why don’t you keep the Laru out of all discussions with, what’s her name?” asked Ratie as she tried to hug Famaron.  
     “ Ah…she didn’t tell me her name, isn’t this an odd situation.  Ya know I didn’t tell her mine either.  Well aren’t I terrible ah young, Ratie,” said Famaron wryly as he held Ratie’s head back with his hand.
     “ She could be a thief, Famaron, where did you put the Laru?” asked Solcrist in a concerned voice.
     “ It’s in my battleship’s main safe.  Trust me there’s no way to break into it, it’s got a code activated lock.  And oddly enough only I have the proper code and I’m not tellin’, no I won’t tell ya, no I won’t,” said Famaron playfully as her lightly slapped Ratie’s hand.
     “ How’s it comin’ handsome?” asked Camtow warmly as she put her arm around Famaron and began French kissing his cheek.
     “ Well first up we should introduce everyone I’m Famaron, that’s Ratie, Solcrist, Ohgood, Veata, and Dornoa that wiry one.  Just kidding what should I call you sexy?” asked Famaron in a deep voice as he looked longingly at Camtow. 
     “ I’m Camtow and it’s great to meet you all.  What finds you all here in Gohama.  I know it’s not the scenery?” asked Camtow as she laughed and thought about asking them all to join the Bromlus society, but not ‘til she had won them over.
     “ We’re just a bunch of refugees who wanted to live somewhere new.  We thought Permea might do us well.  Do you think we made the right choice?” asked Famaron as he gave Camtow a wink.
     “ All’s life is, is choices some good some bad.  In the end it comes down to who your friends are.  So yes I can tell you’ll love it here, but Permea is far from perfect,” said Camtow boldly as she remained calm and gave everyone a warm look.
     “ Excuse me, sir, would you like a room?” asked Pococ warmly as he smiled from behind the counter.
     Pococ Nard had blonde shortly trimmed hair and a red mustache.  He had grey eyes and a short pointy nose.  He was 5’4” and 150 pounds and had on a dark blue suit with a light blue dress shirt underneath as well as a pair of red leather cowboy boots.  He also had a tiny 3 inch hologram of Lamdrob smiling on his lapel.
     Solcrist looked over and said flatly,” We need 6.”
     “ Then you will have them and I can get you the Corgudy level if you don’t mind paying a bit more,” said Pococ brightly as he got ready to press the button for the cheaper room on the computer screen in front of him.
     Then Ohgood pulled out his wad of money and slapped it down on the counter and asked,” What will this get us?”
     Pococ looked at the money and then said nervously,” Ahh, about half the hotel, then it’s the Corgudy level.  I must tell you there’s a personal chef and bartender that come with your rooms, as well as a pool and theater in each.  Then there’s the ability to get massages and even a well acted play if you like theater.”
     “ We love theater,” said Ohgood quickly as he and everyone tried not to laugh.
     “ Then you’ll love our selection of 800 plays.  Or if you love a good band we’ve got 3 dozen bands who will play for you personally.  And, if you love a good movie there’s a holographic projector in each of your lavish rooms,” said Pococ quickly as he began to seat profusely and pressed the buttons to have their rooms and new rooms keys pressed. 
     Then the 7 black plastic room keys popped out of a red steel box and Pococ grabbed them out of the slot and handed them to each person and then Famaron said happily,” You are very good at your job I’m gonna give you a big tip when we leave.”
     “ Thank you, sir, but we aren’t allowed to take tips unless they are large tips.  That was a joke,” said Pococ awkwardly as everyone looked at him stone faced.
     “ Well in spite of that terrible delivery of what could have been a moment of whimsy, I’m still gonna give you a sizable tip upon us vacating.  But we may be here for some time, so try not to worry that we stiffed you as I personally will see you’re taken care of,” said Famaron smoothly as his left eyebrow raised up and then he kissed Camtow passionately.
     “ Thank you, sir, that means a lot.  Now your key has a tracking device in it that will lead you to your rooms and your bags will already be there when you arrive.  Oh, and one last thing there is a large auditorium down that hallway that has 24 hour games and entertainment,” said Pococ brightly as he pointed to a long hallway.
     “ Thanks, bye,” said Ohgood then he and everyone started towards their rooms.
     They walked into a room filled with red marble and green marble fountains that were shooting water at one another thru their stone rifles.  The scene depicted was the epic battle between the Peoms and the Sands with each statue showing a different moment of tragedy from the battle.  They showed the 
great Sands general Gabes M. Needle as he single handedly fought off 20 Peoms with only a Gasou pistol and a long red sword. 
     Gabes was a tiny man of 4’11”, but was born with an abnormal physical strength and speed.  He was able to lift 2000 pounds over his head and could outrun a Lion.  He had a long black handlebar mustache that had 2 once gold jugs attached to the tips filled with whiskey that he saved for emergencies.  His eyes had a wild look in them that sent fear down the spines of all who dared look him in the eyes.  Gabes wrote a speech titled,” The dead are fakin’ it,” and it had a passage that read,” While we may not see eye to eye at least we disagree.  That’s not to say we don’t like each other, but we’ve got hatred and resentment as the core of our relationship and that gives us a factual truth.  Now I may not have bore you as my child, but if I had I’d hate you just the same.  I f a wise man can solve the problems of many you can’t spell I.  I want it said and said plain, I love you more than a hole in my cheek, which is to say I hate your worthless guts right up until you stop breathing then we’re even!”
     “ This is the vainest room I’ve ever seen.  Look at how they picture all the soldiers with heroic faces as they’re killing someone.  I mean really when you’re at war do you ever strike that pose?” asked Ratie as she mimicked Gabes killing a soldier with a smile on his face.
     Everyone looked at her and laughed and then Ohgood ran up to one of the statues and said quickly,” It should be more like this.”
     Then he made the face of extreme anguish and held the sword of the statue in his stomach.  Then everyone laughed harder and in walked Lamdrob himself and when he saw Ohgood walked briskly towards him with a scowl on his face.  Ohgood looked up and saw Lamdrob and kept doing the face and carrying on and Lamdrob walked right up to him and said sternly,” Son, that man you’re mocking was a 
patriot a treasure and the best friend we ever had.  If he were here today and saw you doing that I’m sure he’d say…that’s funny as hell you’re my kind of person.” 
     Ohgood and everyone laughed and Ohgood said happily,” O.K. you got me, but that’s o.k. I love a good joke.”
     Lamdrob smiled and said warmly,” Hello there I’m Lamdrob and this is my hotel, didn’t catch your name, son.”
     “ Because it’s still in mid air, Ohgood,” said Ohgood as he extended his hand.
     Then Lamdrob grabbed it and shook it and said warmly,” Well, Ohgood, I think you and your friends should join me in my personal box for the performance tonight by the Bemeseric troop.  Trust me you will be entertained?” asked Lamdrob as he grinned at everyone.
     Ohgood looked at everyone and they all nodded yes and he then said happily,” Lamdrob, we love a good time, just as long as we aren’t locked in a cell or fed worms.”
     “ I can’t make any promises,” said Lamdrob jokingly then he laughed as did everyone else.
     “ Then we’re in, let’s hit it,” said Ohgood excitedly as he grinned.
     Then Lamdrob turned and started walking towards a statue of Gabes and when he got close punched it in the eye and a secret passageway opened up.
     “ This way’s a bit faster.  Watch out for the dragons thou,” said Lamdrob sarcastically as he walked into the tunnel.
     “ Dragons?” said Ratie nervously as she looked over at Famaron  and Camtow who just shook their heads. 
     Inside the tunnel it had a thick black carpet covering all the walls with a painting of Lamdrob every few feet inside mahogany wooden frames.  Each painting showed him doing odd things like climbing into a dragon’s mouth or punching a wizard in the mouth and the fist going right thru his head.  The floor of the tunnel was hard dark brown wood with circles of a darker wood every 3 feet with a gold disc in the center that had words of wisdom from Burnrih like,” When death is a friend lonely is your only option,” as well as,” Why shout out our flaws when only our soul can hear.  Give a whisper to yourself when you’ve made a mistake and let your inner love take hold with both hands.  Only god has things to judge we can only accept and be thankful.”
     “ Where does this lead, Lamdrob?” asked Camtow as she looked at a painting of Lamdrob’s torso on top of a dragon’s legs taking a bath.
     “ To heaven,” said Lamdrob wryly as he turned left and opened another secret passageway that led to his personal box in the auditorium that was right on the left side of the stage.
     “ Heaven eh, I had no idea I had died, huh.  Well feels the same as life where’s the steak sticks?” asked Ohgood sarcastically as he followed Lamdrob out into the box.
     The stage was clover shaped and made from a thick brown mahogany.  It also had several chambers of black and red set up on the stage in a star design with the picture of a different animal on each like a dragon or a gargoyle and even a Crames.
     A Crames was a dark red man like creature, but with half its face a horse and the rest a woman’s.  It had huge bulging biceps and tree trunk legs, but its waist was abnormally small.  They wore brown 
leather kilts and black leather boots.  And they were never without their silver spears.  Their feet were square in shape with tiny round toes.
     There was a backdrop behind the chambers made from a cast spell of a floating jungle with dozens of red and green gorillas running and jumping from tree to tree as a massive liquid light shows took place around them.  There was also a red sun floating jus feet from the gorillas the size of a basketball that glowed and filled the auditorium with warmth.  The floor of the stage also had several trap doors leading to the performers area and backstage.  The ceiling went up 150 feet with several seats inside boxes jutted out over the stage and went upward at an angle with a space beneath each of them so they could see.  There was also a bridge 50 feet up to cross over to the other side.
     Inside Lamdrob’s box were 15 red leather recliners aligned in 2 rows with the back row raised up 2 feet.  There was a full bar with all forms of alcohol that even had a bartender sitting behind it.  There was also a large refrigerator filled with both cold and warm snacks that was gold in color and had Lamdrob’s face across the front of it.
     “ Please everyone have a seat the Bemeseric troop will be out in a few moments,” said Lamdrob gleefully as he sat down in the center of the front row and then looked out over the audience in front of the stage that went back 50 rows and sighed and wondered if any of his friends were in attendance.
     Famaron, Ohgood, Camtow, Ratie, Solcrist, Veata, and Dornoa sat on either side of Lamdrob.  And just as they did a ball of blue flames with red wings flew slowly up out of the audience and into Lamdrob’s box.  Once there it changed into a red sealed square letter and Lamdrob snatched it out of the air and asked,” What do we have here I wonder?”
     “ Probably a bill, these seats look expensive,” said Ratie jokingly as she gently rubbed Lamdrob’s forearm.
     Lamdrob opened the letter by breathing on the seal which caused a puff of blue smoke to come out where the seal had been.  Then he watched as the envelope unfolded and became a single piece of red paper with a message on it.
     “ It says, Lamdrob, you look handsome as always.  Who are all your new friends and can you ask them if I can borrow some money, sincerely H. Oribus Dukereo.  Oh it’s my old friend Oribus isn’t this hilarious, huh,” said Lamdrob happily as he looked at the letter then out in the audience and saw Oribus stand up and rub his sides like he was laughing and Lamdrob stood up and yelled,” Get over here, Oribus, you old dung salesman!”
     Then Oribus started for the aisle and made his way over to Lamdrob’s box.  Oribus was 5’7” and 230 pounds with a barrel chest and a large round belly.  He had a thick brown curly beard and dark blonde long curly hair.  His skin was burgundy in color with black freckles on his forearms and cheeks.  He had dark brown eyes that were very jovial.  His hands were fat and had wide fingers and meaty palms.  His feet were size 15 and he had square toes.  He had a tattoo of the Bromlus society across his chest in green and red.  He had on a navy blue satin shirt and a pair of dark brown corduroy pants with no back pockets.  He also had on a knee length black leather jacket with a large high collar that framed his head as well as a pair of dark green leather sneakers he made himself.
     “ Oribus, I thought you were dead, how did you get out of that coffin?” asked Lamdrob sarcastically as he fought back a smile.
     “ I always keep a small shovel in my pocket for special occasions,” fired back Oribus as he smiled and looked at everyone.
     Lamdrob burst out laughing as did Ratie and Dornoa while everyone else smiled.  Then everyone introduced themselves and Oribus sat down and grabbed a scotch and a Gack skewer and began to eat.  Ohgood grabbed a Gack alfredo pasta plate and a caramel drink, which was a brown soda pop.  Everyone else had Gack filet mignon and glasses of wine.  Then the lights dimmed and the chamber in the front of the stage opened and out came a pair of hulking red haired green skinned men with long brown and black staffs named Huckie and Dirte.  Then Huckie raised his staff and shouted,” Brambaddamus!”
     Then a ray of white light and red feathers shot out of the tip of his staff, but the feathers stayed suspended in mid air as the light only went half way out into the crowd before stopping and forming a red hole in the air.  Then out of the hole came 7 gargoyles on anti gravity motorcycles wearing black top hats and carrying apple crisp pies.  The gargoyles flew over to Lamdrob and gave him 8 apple crisp pies and then did a flip and the other gargoyles began giving everyone else in the audience pies.
     Then Dirte raised his staff and shouted,” Squuid pro co!”
     Then a trio of female white angels descended from the ceiling and threw fist fulls of a healing blue liquid over the crowd that caused the worry and fear of the crowd to drift away.  Then the 7 gargoyles began circling the 3 angels.   They went faster and faster then suddenly the angels pulled out swords and started attacking the gargoyles.  First they stabbed one gargoyle in the head and his head burst into flames.  The other 2 angels chopped off one gargoyle’s head and a geyser of candy flew out into the 
crowd.  While the other gargoyle got stabbed clean thru his stomach and 100 gold coins came cascading out onto the stage and the crowd cheered and laughed loudly.
     “ Do all gargoyles have gold in their stomachs.  Cause I love gold and could use some especially gargoyle gold,” said Ohgood jokingly as he looked sternly at Ratie who rolled her eyes.
     “ Couldn’t we all use a bit of the gargoyle gold.  I read that somewhere and my life has been different ever since.  Be wary of that GARGOYLE GOLD!” said Solcrist loudly as he glared at Ohgood and then smiled and said slyly,” It’s actually very valuable.”
     “ Thanks, Solcrist, for creepin’ me out.  I needed a good dose of weird in my brain.  Next time you want to interject how about just simple I agree or yes that’s funny,” said Ohgood dryly as he tried to not smile.
     “ Oh child of Goarote there is a plague coming and all who trifle shall perish by horrible means!” said Solcrist boldly and then he laughed and said calmly,” I get a bit jazzed up on wine.”
     Then everyone grabbed their cups and took a sip and Ratie said sternly,” Note to self, keep all wine in hole in ground far away from Solcrist for own safety and world safety.”
     Then on the stage Huckie waved his staff and shouted,” The death of time rewind!”
     Then the other 5 chambers swung open and out poured 10 miniature clowns on dragons backs each carrying a large sound in their hands.  There were also a Pair of 15 foot Baatolds with black and green fur that ran and jumped up over the audience and began floating over them.  As the clowns flew around the room the sounds they had in their hands would jump into a different person’s ear every few seconds.  
The sounds were of singing, guitar playing, symphonies, babies laughing and even an unheard note from the 7th century made by a dying dragon. 
     “ Lamdrob, a show this good is a rare thing indeed.  Where did you find the troop?” asked Oribus as he lit up a glass liquid red cigar and then started blowing a thick red smoke.
     “ They were part of a large group of refugees that came here from a destroyed planet called Parscan.  It’s amazing what they’re able to do,” said Lamdrob calmly as he thought of the day the troop came to Permea.
     Famaron heard this and felt shock go thru his body.  He didn’t realize that anyone else had escaped.  Then his thoughts raced as he began to sweat wondering if any of his enemies had escaped.  Ratie touched his arm and gave him a look that told him to get a hold of himself as she had heard as well.  Then Famaron nodded and turned his attention to the stage, but his thoughts still raced.
     “ Refugees, well either way they’re pure talent I tell you this and I’ve seen a lot of troops.  How ‘bout you, Famaron, you ever seen anyone better?” asked Oribus warmly as he peeked over at Famaron who just stared blankly forward until everyone was looking over at him and then Oribus asked,” are you alright, Famaron?”
     Famaron looked over blankly and then realized what Oribus had asked and said quickly,” Oh yes I’m fine, I was just enjoying the show.”
     “ So what do you think?” asked Oribus anxiously as he looked at Famaron perplexed.
     “ About what?” asked Famaron sternly as he looked at everyone and Ratie mouthed the words the troop and Famaron said smoothly,” Oh the troop they’re the best I’ve ever seen.  Total professionals and really in the moment, I love them.”
     “ Yeah that’s what I said, they’re amazing,” said Oribus boldly as he smoked his cigar and laughed.
     Then on the stage a series of 8 holograms of different cities and outdoor terrains like a forest, desert, and an arctic ice sheet filled the stage and a low hum started.  Then a blazing liquid light display started above the holograms where it began to take the shape of a massive fish called a Portimus.
     The Portimus had huge rectangular yellow eyes with a smaller set of eyes floating inside the eyeball that were red.  It had 2 s shaped slits for nostrils just beneath the eyes in the center.  Its mouth was square in shape with green floppy lips.  Its skin was an unending changing city skyline of Enelop.  And it had a pair of long arms with webbed fingers on its hands on either side of it.  It also had a square hole on and above its tail that shards of light and purple bubbles shot out of every few seconds.
     The Portimus floated above the stage and glared at the audience then it jabbed its long neck into the front row and grabbed a man in its teeth.  It lifted the man high into the air and then swallowed him whole.  In a few seconds suddenly the man was shot out of the square hole above the tail and caught by Huckie.  The man was covered in a blue smoke and his clothes were neatly pressed.  Again the audience cheered and began talking back and forth.
     “ Ya know, these seats could be a bit dangerous.  I really don’t feel like getting pooped out of a fish.  Am I the only one?” asked Ratie as she grimaced and stuck out her tongue.
     “ You are not, I have no desire to be pooped out.  Now vomited, there’s a good time.  Who’s up for getting eaten?” asked Ohgood as he grinned and raised his hand.
     “ If that foul beast comes by my airspace a spell of death and destruction I will cast, one so vile that half the people in this room will be destroyed.  Mark this day as the end of all that was and will be!” said Solcrist coldly as he stared down the Portimus.  
     Everyone looked at him in shock and then Ohgood said brightly,” Can we get another 8 bottles of the crazy juice, my friend wants to end the world,” and then everyone glared at Ohgood and he said nervously,” or not, I can just keep the levity to myself.”
     Then the Portimus started for Lamdrob’s box and Solcrist stood up and raised his staff and shouted,” Goarote tears away demons lies!”
     Then a massive 30 foot high and 40 foot wide red flaming Baatold head appeared in front of Solcrist.  And then it fired a burst of flames from its eyes and shot forward and bit into the Portimus’s head.  Then the Portimus began trying to shake off the Baatold head as it continued blasting fire from its eyes and torching the Portimus’s skin.  Then the Baatold head bit down hard and a geyser of blood sprayed the audience and they began to boo.
     “ What are they booing for the party just started?” asked Ohgood slyly as he grinned mischievously and laughed.
     “ Because they are the party and the jokes on them,” said Veata as she shook her head.
     “ Even better, oh let them get dowsed I love it,” said Ohgood excitedly as he clapped his hands and stuck out his tongue.
     Then the Portimus began firing baby Portimus’s out of the square hole above its tail and they shot straight for the Baatold head.  But as they did another hard bite from the Baatold head sent another 
geyser of blood out into the audience this one larger than the last.  Now they were all drenched with blood and becoming irate and throwing empty bottles of wine at Dirte and Huckie.  One of which hit Dirte right in the eye and knocked him on his back.
     “ This is heaven, I love mass hysteria it’s just…so massive.  Who would have known I’d have the greatest time of my life here today,” said Oribus happily as he slapped his knee and yelled like a Baatold.
     Then the Baatold head bit clean thru the Portimus and out came a river of guts as the Portimus body shot wildly off in every direction.  It smashed into the audience and crushed a man just as he was about to throw a half full wine bottle at Huckie killing him instantly.
     “ We’re out of here,” said Famaron sternly as he saw the chaos.
     “ Fine by me,” said Ratie nervously as she stood up.
     Everyone got up to leave except Oribus who looked up and asked,” Oh don’t leave now there’s still more death and destruction.  Don’t you want to see the surly audience meet their doom?”
     “ Not if it means us meeting ours,” said Camtow sharply as she took Famaron’s hand and they quickly left the auditorium.  
              







     That night as everyone slept Famaron had a series of 3 nightmares waking him up from each in utter terror, the first of which involved a race of blue skinned men who came to Permea on silver bullet shaped black spacecrafts.  The blue men demanded that everyone grab their things and leave the planet or face death.
     The second dream found Famaron deep inside a green cave, with a massive city of castles filling the cave and a race of giants living there.  Famaron walked into the city and everyone knew his name and spoke it as he past, but he had seen none of them before.  Then a blinding red light filled his eyes and he awoke from the dream sweating like a rain shower.
     The third dream found he, Ratie, Ohgood, Solcrist, Veata, and Camtow sitting in a grassy field on top of a an enormous mountain, with a city of wooden skyscrapers behind them.  As they sat a warmth came over them all and Ratie asked,” Is it always this way?” and then a massive black circle appeared in the sky with a sinister red face in the center and then Famaron awoke and shouted,” We’re alive!”
     In the morning everyone went downstairs for breakfast except for Lamdrob who slept in.  They sat at a red wooden round table with a black silk table spread over it.  They were in an offshoot of the main 
dining hall in a V.I.P. room with only 2 tables side by side.  There was a huge picture window that faced a straight shot out of town and to the horizon that was 70 feet high.  There was also a half dozen chairs up on a brief stage in front of the window and there was a sliding glass door on the left side.  Beside each chair was a black marble statue of Lamdrob with a cigarette dispenser in the mouth of the statue that you only had to press a green button on top and they’d pop out the mouth.  There was also a wine bottle in each statue perfectly cooled and inside the right leg.  The walls of the room were filled with golden cases filled with artifacts from the Prapes age, like golden and turquoise burial masks and golden motorcycles.
     The Prapes age was over 100,000 years prior and was ruled over by Emperor Prapes Ror a Haborm descendent.  Prapes had the world of Permea all interconnected with one massive city known as Doul.  The city was made from gold, silver, platinum, diamonds, marble and stone and was comprised of super structures that many of which reached into the clouds.  In the Prapes age there was an emphasis on advancing technology and everyone was required to have a vast knowledge of science and be actively trying to invent new machines.  One innovation that changed the landscape was the advent of anti- gravity.  Suddenly millions of ships dotted the skies and all of Permea became more accessible.  The Prapes age came to an abrupt end when an alien army known as the Coublor invaded and took over Permea.  The Coublor later changed their name to the Peom and laid waste to much of Doul.
     The ceiling was egg shaped and rose up 100 feet and had 6 foot wide wooden ledges with thousands of book cases filled with books on them.  The floor had a dark brown hardwood that was assembled from an identical floor in Lamdrob’s home.
     “ That’s a good bit of breakfast don’t you think?” asked Ohgood as he chewed the last of his red eggs and cheese.
     “ Yeah it was good, but I need to talk to you in private, Famaron.  If you don’t mind?” asked Ratie as she gave Famaron a stern look.
     “ Ah, alright,” said Famaron then he stood and he and Ratie walked over to the window and he asked,” What is it, Ratie, you’ve been acting a bit weird?”
     “ It’s Camtow, look I’m not sure we can trust her.  I mean she seems alright, but I get the feeling she has a hidden agenda and it worried me,” said Ratie nervously as she kept an eye on Camtow.
     “ I’ve felt that too, but what can we do.  I can’t just tell her to beat it if for no other reason then I like having her around.  Why don’t we give her a little time and see if she tries something before we boot her?” asked Famaron as he looked over at Camtow and gave her a smile and a wave and she smiled back and waved.
     “ O.K., but we can’t let her know our plans or we might find out real quick that she knows people,” said Ratie as she looked at Famaron.
     “ That’s a good point, but…what is that?” asked Famaron as he saw a large array of black bullet shaped crafts outside the window filling the sky and then as he remembered his dream said in disbelief,” This can’t be happening, Ratie, I dreamt those ships last night, it’s not possible.”
     “ I dreamt them as well, Famaron, I’m not joking.  I saw them land in a nightmare last night,” said Ratie anxiously as she looked at Famaron stunned.
     “ We need to get to our ships and fast!  Everyone get up and get out of here!” shouted Famaron as he ran over and helped Camtow up.
     “ What’s happening?” asked Camtow nervously as she looked around and then at Famaron.
     “ I’ll tell ya later come with me,” said Famaron as he took her hand and then everyone began to run out of the room when suddenly they heard a thunderous crack that shook the building.
     “ They’re scorching the surface of the planet!” said Ohgood frantically as he watched the black ships firing a wall of green flames that were burning the city of Gohama.
     Then everyone ran out into the main hallway that connected every point of the hotel and as they did heard another massive sound of thunder and watched out the windows as a blinding white light enveloped the outside of the hotel.  The hallway itself had black silk covered arching walls that went up 60 feet and had hundreds of connecting rooms, hallways, and doors from one end to the other.  There were statues of Em Du the great Deveo philosopher from the Prapes age.
     Em Du wrote in his initial manuscript,” If I’m not your friend then you’ll never know friendship.  If we are enemies then you are only fooling yourself as an enemy is made in a person’s mind and I only reside in my own.”  He also went on to write a list of 500 spiritual connections with ones like,” The day old means nothing.  2. The seconds before tragedy.  3. The hardest laugh while eating.  4. A desperate call in the middle of the night, and also 5. When a loved friend finds hardship.  6. IN the midst of a cheering crowd.  7. In an endless lake.  8. By stealing a harmless grape from a hungry friend and smiling.  He said he knew everything there was, but choose to forget half of it as it served no purpose.  In the middle of his life he began what he called his,” Earned years,” where he only did what made him happy and gave very little care to what people would have him do as he said he couldn’t bear the weight of responsibility any further.  In the latter part of his life he wrote only 70 lines of important thoughts with one being,” Now that I’ve seen and done it all I no longer have the beautiful wonder of what if, only what is.  Now I sit with a cherished wife and friend and ask her what is it you would like to know.  To which she answers, only you.”
     They ran down the black carpeted hallway and Famaron shouted,” We can’t risk going back for our things!  So it’s straight on to the hangar bay!”
     “ Alright, we’ve got our staffs anyway and the Laru’s in your ship!” yelled Veata as she looked out a large round window and saw building being blown to pieces.
     “ That’s right and we’re gonna need it by the looks of things,” said Famaron as he felt a nervous twinge and a sense of relief as he remembered he hadn’t brought the Laru into the hotel.
     Then behind them there was a massive explosion at the other end of the hallway and a cloud of fire, dust, and smoke was coming their way and Dornoa saw this and shouted,” We need a way out of this hallway quick!”
     Then everyone looked back and saw what was coming their way and Famaron raised his staff and shouted,” Sendrom dorac fill my soul!”
     Then a 30 foot tall blue dragon appeared in front of Famaron with a pair of large leather and wood saddle seats on either side of it.  Then Ohgood looked up and said boldly,” I’ve got this,” and then shouted as he raised his staff,” Tarano white cauldron!”
     Then he thrust his staff upwards and an explosion of green light, fire, and wind shot up and blew a hole in the ceiling the size of a Mack truck.
     “ Everyone quickly grab a seat on the dragon.  There isn’t much time!” said Famaron sternly as he helped Camtow into a seat on the dragon’s saddle.
     “ Does it have to be a dragon, you couldn’t get a Woright?” asked Ratie begrudgingly as she boarded the dragon.
     Everyone grabbed a seat and the dragon started to fly upward just as the fire was nearing.  They lifted up thru the hole in the ceiling and as they did the wall of fire below shot them high into the air.  As they got above the hotel they could see the devastation.  Half of Gohama was in flames and all but one of the castles was in ruins.
     “ We can still get the ships I can see the hangar bay’s intact, that way!” said Famaron boldly as he steered the dragon towards the hangar bay.
     In a matter of seconds they were there and they flew into the hangar bay and jumped off the dragon.  Then they ran for their battleships and got inside each of them with Camtow getting in Famaron’s.  All 6 battleships lifted off and as they raced out of the hangar bay behind them it was being shredded to pieces by a large lightning firing weapon that shattered the walls of the hangar bay.  The weapon also left a line of fire thru everything it hit causing a large fire to quickly start up.
     “ O.K. everybody fire at will,” said Famaron sternly then he opened fire with his laser canons and instantly hit 3 of the black ships blowing them to pieces, but and orb of red metal remained where the ship had been.
     “ Now we’re discoursing!” said Ohgood boldly then he opened fire with his laser canons and picked off 6 of the alien crafts with one shot and yelled,” Who’s up for dyin’!”
     Then Famaron stood up and hurried over to the safe and typed in y082h and the safe’s black front door turned red and a puff of smoke shot out the sides of the door as it folded forward and opened.  Inside there was a pile of Ayasors, 7 gold bars, a large red diamond, a pair of liquid sunglasses and the Laru.
     “ There is my true friend hiding in the back,” said Famaron as he reached in and grabbed the Laru.
     “ What’s that?” asked Camtow as she stood beside Famaron.
     Famaron was startled by her being so close to him and wondered if she’d seen the safe’s code.  He turned to her and said coyly,” It’s just a book I keep my favorite spells in, which we’re gonna need about now.”
     “ Oh, I didn’t know you were a wizard.  I have the ability to use voice spells without a staff,” said Camtow as she felt more at ease with Famaron because he was a wizard.
     “ You’ll have to show me that sometime, but right now I’ve got to do a bit of casting myself,” said Famaron as eh flipped thru the pages of the Laru and then found the force filed spell and raised his staff and shouted,” The dreebs become the weight of ary!”
     Then suddenly the force field enveloped the ship and the enemy ships laser fire was repelled back at them.
     “ What did that spell do, I don’t see anything different?” asked Camtow as she peered at the hologram of the outside of the ship.
     Famaron laughed and said happily,” We are now invincible and the outside of the ship has an impenetrable force field.  Which allows us to do this,” said Famaron brightly as he walked over to his captain’s chair and sat down.
     Then Famaron began randomly smashing into the black bullet shaped ships and knocking them into one another.  Camtow saw this and began to laugh as Famaron smashed ship after ship.
     “ This is amazing, they literally don’t stand a chance,” said Camtow excitedly as she wrapped her arms around Famaron and then kissed him on the lips.
     “ Ya know this is fun, but I have an incredible urge to wreck some havoc.  Let’s try another spell.  How about this one,” said Famaron as he flipped thru the Laru and then stood up and shouted,” Kandesi crumbater fire be rust!”
     Then in front of the ship appeared a green electrical storm cloud shaped like a perfect circle.  Then out of it suddenly 2 dozen blue fire balls shaped like men flew out and latched onto every ship near them.  Then the fiery men shot thru the outer shell of the ships and filled the inside with blue flames burning the crews to death in an instant.  Then the electrical storm began to take the shape of a Baatold with 2 heads and a pair of wings under its arms.  It also had a long electricity club in its left hand.  Its eyes were a steady stream of purple magical energy that turned everything it looked at to a different form.
     “ Now this looks like fun, what is Famaron up to?” asked Ohgood as he saw the giant Baatold and smiled.
     “ I don’t know, but it looks like fun.  Look out, Ohgood, there’s 3 of those black ships blasting the back of your ship,” said Veata as she picked off 2 more ships with laser fire.
     “ Not for long,” said Ohgood then he launched a dozen heat seeking missiles at the 3 ships.
     The missiles took a beeline for them, but 2 of the ships dropped straight down.  The third ship took a left turn, but wasn’t fast enough as a trio of missiles caught up with him and blew him out of the sky.  The other 2 ships continued to fall until they were 5 feet from the ground and they abruptly stopped and the crews of the 2 ships jumped out and the ships a moment later tore up into the sky with the 9 missiles close behind.  The crew that had exited were blue skinned with short buzzed black hair giant sideburns that covered their ears and thick black goatees.  They each had a large melon shaped head 
and a pair of black rimmed lightly tinted red sunglasses.  They also had on black turtle necks and light brown and black stripped dress pants, as well as dark brown leather dress shoes slash sneakers with Diart flasks on the heels, which were a powerful mood enhancer and muscle increaser.  They were from the Planet Hune and were known as the Huness.  They believed in acquiring knowledge and then using it to get the things they required.  They also were well known as thieves and were not welcome on 89 planets in 7 solar systems.
     “ Well those 2 ships won’t last long with my missiles.  Whoa look at the Baatold he’s taking out ships 3 at ah time,” said Ohgood as he watched the electrical Baatold violently swing its club and bash ship after ship.
     Then the Baatold grabbed 2 ships and threw them into its mouth.  This caused their ships to be reduced to ash and then he spit them out.  Then in the sky above the battle a huge red and black lion shaped robot called a Jopow appeared.  It was 9 football fields long and 6 wide, with massive jet engines underneath it and 2 rows of laser canons on either side of it.  It also had a dozen staffs sticking out of the head portion that were sending out a yellow triangle shaped ray of loose deadly magic in front of the robot.  There was also a large hangar bay in the belly portion that had 30 lamp shade shaped fighter jets called Loars that each of which had laser canons all the way around as well as Parslep launchers on the undercarriage.
     Parslep being a red round glass ball filled with dead magic .  When dead magic strikes a craft it starts a chain reaction leading to the scrambling and destruction of its atoms.
     Ohgood looked up and saw the Jopow and said softly,” There’s another person at this party.”
     “ What do you mean wher…” asked Ratie , but she stopped short as she saw the Jopow.
     Then the Jopow flew down into the battle and released its Loars and began randomly spraying its loose magic at Dornoa’s battleship.  This caused it to turn into a red jello and parts of it started to fall off.
     “ I need help, Famaron, please hurry,” said Dornoa frantically as he tried to shoot the Jopow with his laser canons, but the spray of loose magic devoured the blasts.
     “ I’m on my way try evasive maneuvers,” said Famaron assuredly as he did a hard right turn and then headed back to where Dornoa was.
     Meanwhile the Jopow’s spray of loose magic had devoured half Dornoa’s ship and it suddenly started to collapse.  Dornoa began to feel terror and couldn’t figure out what to do.  He fired every weapon on the ship and nothing happened.  So he eyed the escape pod and shouted,” Forget Famaron, I’ve got to ditch!  Save yourself!”
     Then Dornoa hurried over to the escape pod and frantically climbed in as his ship collapsed and burst into flames.  He hit the thrusters on the escape pod as the doors closed.  The pod shot out of the battleship at lightning speed, but it got too close to the loose magic and suddenly Dornoa’s legs and feet turned to jello and what was left of his ship plummeted to the ground as he screamed in agony.  When the ship hit the ground it crushed into a ball of flames and metal and bore a 15 foot deep hole into the ground killing Dornoa and sending his blood flying into the air.
     “ Oh, Goarote no Dornoa didn’t make it,” said Veata in disbelief as she clutched her face.
     “ Everyone get as far from here as you can, I’ll take care of the robot!  Hurry there isn’t much time,” said Famaron boldly as he felt a deep sadness for Dornoa and he fought back tears and gritted his teeth.
     Everyone was grief stricken, but flew their battleships away from the Jopow.  The Baatold headed straight for the Jopow and swung its club at it, but as the club passed thru the loose magic it dispersed until right down to the Baatold’s wrist was devoured by it.  The blood gushed from the Baatold’s wrist and it aimed its purple magic at the Jopow and some of it got by the loose magic and changed the front leg of it into solid dark brown wood and rendered it useless.
     “ That’s it, go for the juggler Baatold!” shouted Famaron as he headed right for the Jopow at full speed.
     “ But, Famaron, what if the force field doesn’t work against that triangle of theirs, we could be killed,” pleaded Camtow as she started to cry.
     “ Ah…you’re right we’ll have to try something different.  Give me a second,” said Famaron as he stopped the ship a safe distance from the Jopow and began rifling thru the Laru.
     Meanwhile the Baatold continued firing its purple magic at the Jopow with a small bit of it hitting the right shoulder blade and turning it into a flash of light and leaving a hole with startled crew members looking out.
     “Hurry, Famaron, I’m very scared,” pleaded Camtow as she kept her eye on the Jopow.
     “ I’m hurrying, but it takes time.  O.K. I’ve got one that says it can pierce loose magic,” said Famaron as he read and then he stood up and said hopefully,” O.K., Camtow, here’s our best bet,” and then he shouted,” Armite sarpentin!”
     Then a blue devil riding a black dragon appeared towering 100 feet in the air, with a dense magic green whip with a red spiked ball at the end.  The devil had large bursts of flames coming out of its 
mouth every time it breathed.  It also had a round hole in its chest with a smaller devil standing inside with a machine laser canon in his hands.
     “ Well, here goes everything,” said Famaron hopefully as he shrugged his shoulders.
     The devil flew at the Jopow and slung his whip at it, but as the whip passed thru the loose magic it was repelled and shot straight back at the devil hitting his dragon.  So the little devil in his chest began firing his laser canons, but his laser bursts were gobbled up by the loose magic.  So the devil flew towards the Jopow.  AS he got close the Loars began firing their Parsleps at him and he knocked them out of the way with his whip, but each time they hit the whip it got smaller and smaller.
     Then the devil leapt from its dragon’s back and sailed high above the loose magic triangle and landed on the Jopow’s back.  The devil began pummeling the Jopow, but as it did the loose magic suddenly turned and sprayed him directly and he was destroyed instantly.
     “ O.K., Camtow, we’ve got to get out of here and regroup.  Hey, Ratie, where did you escape too?” asked Famaron as he kept a close eye on the Jopow.
     “ We’re just heading south, but we’re over a wooden city on top of a mountain.  It looks fairly safe I’m thinking we should land.  You should see it, its’ all wooden skyscrapers,” said Ratie as she looked at Genver and smiled and thought how beautiful it was. 
     Then Famaron remembered the city from his dreams and said softly,” But I have seen it,” and then said as he grinned,” that’s the place we’ll hole up.  I’ll meet you there.”
     “ Alright sounds good stay safe, Famaron, we can’t make it without you,” said Ratie warmly as she started to land in a grassy meadow on the outskirts of Genver.
     “ Nor I you, see you in a little bit,” said Famaron brightly as he had a faraway look in his eye as he remembered his dream.
     “ That city sounds like the city of Genver.  I’ve been there a few times.  I have a few friends there who could help us out with a place to stay, but what about those ships and that robot?” asked Camtow as she looked at Famaron.
     “ I don’t know, maybe the Peoms and Haborms can stop them.  I fear that there’s nothing I can do, but maybe I can find a spell that can get past that spray of theirs.  I’ll read thru the Laru and maybe I’ll get lucky,” said Famaron as he looked out at the hologram of the enemy ships behind him destroying Gohama.
     Famaron traveled for a while at top speed and then saw the mountain city of Genver on the horizon.  It sat atop a 2 mile high mountain that had a huge 200 mile wide round plateau on top.  There was a lush green field surrounding the wooden city of Genver with thousand of star shaped trees called Bomlacs that were in a perfect circle around the head Bomlac tree in the center.  There were gently sloping hills in the field with wooden statues of Penn Bottle on top of each.
     Penn Bottle was the most beloved figure among the Dedkids which were the people living in Genver.  He was abnormally handsome man whose looks would strike you if you saw him.  He was 6’1” 195 pounds of pure proportioned muscle.  He had long wavy strawberry blonde hair that went backwards from a round hairline in the center of his forehead.  He had a large bulbous brow line and a huge head for his body.  His eyes were light blue with a red triangle around the pupil.  He had a long thin nose that dipped slightly at the end and had a dimple in the center.  When he smiled his pure white teeth and deep dimples could inspire many a woman’s fantasies.  Pen was well known for his humorous stories 
and jokes like,” If I die tonight I only ask that every person I ever wronged meet a horrible death that the city collapses into a ball of fire and that my young son finally get that bicycle he’s always wanted actually I forgot to mention a superflu to wipe out Permea.  I am a humble man who asks for very little, please give me these wishes.”  He also dabbled in poker and had won the city championship 8 years straight.
      The city of Genver was similar to a giant castle with the outskirts being comprised of millions of 5 story triangle shaped homes surrounding the 700 massive castles in the middle.  There were also 80 perfectly square black wood games rooms and bars that sat in between the castles and the homes.  Each of the castles were made to look like their owners and there was even one that bore Penn Bottle’s likeness.  In and around the city was a dark blue lake that many people swam in and boated on daily.  There were over 20 million people living in Genver with half the population living underground in a labyrinth of tunnels dug into the green mountain with hundreds of castles and a race of giants called the Meseam living there.  They were ruled over by queen Mench Cru.  The city of Genver was ruled over by Mench’s half sister Krisis Cru a Dorp by birth, before she died.  The Dorps make up 90 percent of Genver population. 
     Famaron saw the other 4 battleships set down in the grass on the outskirts of Genver and he flew over to them and landed.  He exited his ship and walked over to everyone and asked,” Is everyone alright?”      
     “ Yeah we’re all fine, what happened with the robot and those black ships?” asked Ohgood in a concerned tone as he took a deep breath.
     “ I tried everything I could, but that robot couldn’t be stopped.  Which begs the question what do we do now?  I mean obviously there are other spells I can try, but for some reason I just get the feeling 
there’s more to them than meets the eye,” said Famaron as he looked around the plateau and at Genver. 
     “ I got the same impression it was like they were toying with us.  We have to consider leaving Permea if its going to be taken over,” said Veata as she walked up to Famaron.
     “ But if you leave they’ll run right over us with that robot.  Can’t you see we need you, please,” pleaded Camtow as she hugged Famaron.
     Then Ohgood shook his head and said,” She’s right, whoever those people are they’re not here to say hello.  I mean they completely destroyed Gohama and for all we know they’re heading here next.  Where does it end?” asked Ohgood sharply as he grimaced and rubbed his forehead with his hands.
      “ Ah…you’re right for better or for worse this is our home now and we have to protect it.  What I need is a safe place to go thru the Laru.  Meanwhile, Camtow, is there anyone you know who might have a large army they don’t mind lending us?” asked Famaron slyly as he grinned and pulled the hair from her face.
     “ Yes, I could get my friends in the Bromlus society to fight with us.  And there are the Meseams and the Dorps from here in Genver and both of them are very powerful wizardkind.  But…they would have to have a reason we couldn’t just say this army was coming,” said Camtow sadly as she felt her thoughts race from sad to happy.
     “ Well if they physically saw what we just went thru would that be enough?” asked Famaron honestly as he looked softly at Camtow.
     “ Wait, you tapped it?” asked Camtow in disbelief as she smiled.
     “ The computers on all the battleships make recordings of every engagement of an enemy.  It’s wired into their mainframe.  I need you to take me to the leader of the Dorps and the Meseams right now,” said Famaron sternly as he held Camtow’s shoulders in his hands and nodded softly.
     “ Is it always this way?” asked Ratie as she felt the warmth of the wind with her hands.
     Then everyone looked at her quizzically and Ohgood walked over to her and asked,” Is what always this way?”
     “ The warmth, it’s been a nonstop adventure since we got here that I’d forgotten what a nice quiet moment could feel like.  Right now we’re plotting some new plan and I can’t help, but think how beautiful and warm it is up here,” said Ratie as she teared up and felt the sun on her face.
     “ But, Ratie, our lives are at stake.  We’ll just have to wait before we can get back to normal,” said Ohgood sincerely as he looked at Ratie.
     Then Ratie opened her eyes and saw a massive moon sized black circle in the sky with a red face inside it that looked like a goat, but with a man’s features and she fainted.  Famaron rushed over to her and put his arm around her and said frantically,” Wake up, Ratie, please wake up everything is fine.”
     “ What is that sinister face up there?” asked Veata as she put her right hand over her mouth.
     “ I don’t know, but it’s every bit the trouble it seems.  If the Dorps and Meseams needed any reasons to help us, they need not look far that world just changed,” said Solcrist coldly as he eyed the face in the sky.
     Ratie started to wake up and asked softly,” Are we still alive?”
     “ Yes, Ratie, we’re alive we’re alive.  It’s alright don’t worry,” said Famaron softly as he looked lovingly at Ratie.
                                                                             THE END
          
  
      

