


The Seventh Chakra

By J. R. Bowles

Published by John Bowles at Smashwords 

Copyright by John Bowles

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Dedication

I want to thank Lynda, my beautiful wife of 42 years for loving me, her patience and her help then and now with this book.  Also my daughters, Ginny and Laurie, for their suggestions.


I.  THE GATHERING
"Within the later part of the twentieth century the energies of the universe shall align, apexing upon a point of tension.  There shall be One born in the mountains of an industrialized nation who shall choose to lead mankind into the next era or return to the "Him" of which little is spoken.  The awareness of the One born shall be directed by the lesser energies which are known as chakra....
Truth, like life, is constant but yet is it also in flux.  Like the ocean's floor, one cannot see clearly through distorted water.  One must be able to swim close enough to perceive its reality and then this parable, like those before it, will be understood.  Only then can the Universal Plan be grasped."
THE DOCTRINE OF THE CHAKRA CENTERS by Tawadin Djwahan



CHAPTER  1

The sun burned down on Jackie's face as the Coast Guard Ferry docked in the South Ferry terminal.  The ferry men opened the gates in slow duty fashion, allowing the blink-eyed zombies to stumble off and enter the Big Rotten Apple.  Jackie clutched her purse to her body and headed to the red line subway.  It was the number one or nine local uptown and that was what most people called it, but she didn't give it a name-just a color.  She had learned it from the map.  Red, blue, green, those were the ones she used to go into Manhattan; those were the only ones she needed.  As she walked up the street, passing the burnt-out terminal where people waited to catch the boat to Staten Island, she lowered her head.  She always stared down at the ground to avoid seeing the homeless people and beggars.  She had difficulty telling them no, so she just looked away, hoping they wouldn't beg her for money.  Money she didn't have.  She didn't feel good about being like that, but with the little money she earned she just didn't have any to spare.
She dropped her token and descended to wait for her train.  She hoped the ride uptown wouldn't be as upsetting as it had sometimes been in the past.  The day riders of the subway weren't too scary, but lord have mercy on your soul if you ever rode it at night.  When the train clattered into the station, she found a seat, eying it for gum, and sat down.  As she sat nervously glancing around, she recalled the time one man had stumbled into the train.  She shuddered as his image flashed in her mind.  He had been covered with sores and had got down on his knees in the middle of the car.
“Please help me.  I haven't eaten in four days,” he had cried.  “I know I've done wrong.  I know, I've got AIDS and my family won't have anything to do with me.  Nobody will hire me.” He then burst into pathetic sobs.  When the train had stopped, she got off ahead of her usual stop and handed him a dollar.  She had waited on the platform until the next train came to resume her ride.  A small price for peace of mind ….
Fortunately, today things were much more pleasant and she was relieved the ride was uneventful.  She always caught herself thinking, each time she came to this teeming hive of humanity; that anything at all would happen to her here.  Jackie got off the train at 42nd Street, making her way through the musky-smelling station toward the steps to the city above.  She rounded the corner to ascend―standing above her was a man urinating downward.  Her quick reaction was the only thing that kept her dry.
It was no wonder much of New York always smelled of garbage and urine.  Public restrooms were a rarity and the ones they did have were neither clean nor safe.  Jackie clutched at her bag and squinted as she entered the street.  She paused, glancing around at the buildings, trying to get her bearings.  Coming up from the ground usually disoriented her.
Bernie stepped off the bus at 42nd and scanned the sea of people.  It was amazing to him that they came out in all this heat but of course he was out here too, wasn't he? This wasn't his favorite part of the city, but it was a good central place for starting another day of killing time.  The buildings blocked most of the June breeze and he felt a little moist.  He sometimes rode the subway, but when it was hot like today, it was usually twice as hot waiting for the trains.  He unconsciously patted his pocket to make sure his billfold was safe.
“Damn.” He muttered aloud.  He had forgotten to bring his ATM card.  He dug down and felt a bill.  When he pulled it out he was disappointed; it was only a twenty.  Wasn't much in this city, that was for sure but then what plans did he have anyway, other than watching the people? He began walking, dodging the onslaught of the crowd.  It seemed they wanted to play chicken: the dumb-ass just walked straight at him as if he were invisible, like they really expected him to move, even little old ladies―and he was far from invisible, at six foot and close to one-eighty.  He dodged left and rounded a corner, slamming directly into a young woman.
“Oh god, I'm sorry, I wasn't paying attention,” Jackie sputtered a nervous apology.  “I didn't see you coming.”
Trying to make light of the situation, Bernie glanced down at his zipper and grinned.  “I didn't even know I had a hard-on.”
He watched her jaw drop in shock and embarrassment at his attempt at humor, and realized she didn't find him humorous.  All this time hanging around in the city was turning him into a street-wise smart-ass.  He quickly stumbled to rectify his big mouth.
“Are you all right? The way you bounced back, I thought I had knocked you down.  Really, I'm to blame.” His responses had taken over when they collided and he had reached out to grab her.  His hands still held her arms, and he looked down into her eyes with a quick appraisal.  He was surprised by the intensity of eyes that stared back.
“I'm fine,” Jackie muttered, trembling a little, trying to regain her composure.  “Uh, you can let me loose now, I think I have my balance.” Her quick mind flashed in fear.  “Oh no, what have I done.  He's probably some kind of murderer or worse.” She tilted her head up and stared directly into his penetrating brown eyes, at a face she wouldn't call handsome but, rather, “ruggedly attractive.”
“Sorry,” he said, and opened his hands, freeing her.  He paused, not know what to say for a moment.  He wanted to rectify the damage caused by his slippery tongue, but it was suddenly thick.  After his major foot-in-mouth, he wondered what she must be thinking of him.  He hadn't felt this stupid since he was sixteen, almost fourteen years ago.  Besides this woman's feeling and smelling wonderful, he had fallen into her eyes.  Eyes that was sad and lonely.  They were dark and forlorn, like a storm brewing gray in the evening sunset.  Her auburn hair reached to her shoulders, and almost grazed his hands as he held her.
“Excuse me.” Jackie pulled forcefully away and started past him on up the street.
Bernie's usually quick mind searched for something to call her back.  “Hope to run into you again.” He groaned aloud and muttered.  “How lame can I be? There are a million possible good lines, and all I can think of is a damn pun.” He sighed, watching after her.  “There goes the vision of my dreams, and I let her literally slip through my fingers.” He wondered if perhaps he could follow her, but the way she had acted she would probably have the cops on him.
Jackie stared straight ahead and increased her pace.  She was dying to turn around and catch another glimpse of him, or at least make sure he wasn't following.  She tried to tell herself that was the only reason she wanted to turn around.  She could feel his eyes on her, following her.  She slightly shook her head; that was ridiculous―but yet she was sure she could feel he was watching.  She remembered his eyes, how they seemed to pierce directly to her core.  She felt like kicking herself for her awkwardness, her timidity.  She had no friends, to speak of, and hadn't had a date in years.  She knew by the way he had smiled that he wanted to say more, but she had been so frightened she hadn't given him time.  She just stormed off as usual, always on the offensive.  But he had seemed normal, and maybe even handsome, if you like that sort.  She smiled to herself, she did like that sort.  Finally she shrugged; good looks or not, he was still a stranger.  After all, appearances could be deceiving.
Bernie watched her seductive long stride longingly, and realized that when he had awakened this morning, he had felt strange.  The day just felt odd.  He couldn't quite put his finger on it.  It was as if he were traveling at fast forward while everyone around him moved in slow motion.  He tried to rationalize that it was only a feeling, but then there just wasn't an explanation for it.  He grinned, totally aware of the feeling in his groin caused by his brief closeness to that exciting vision of beauty.

“The white lie is what you, as the black man, have been living with.  Jesus wasn't white, he was black.” A strong, vigorous black man in a robe screamed into a bull horn.  “You've been brainwashed to the white man's plot to keep you enslaved to him.  You got to listen to your own heritage.  You can't trust the man.  He will keep you down.”
Jamal Mohammed, born Richard Jackson, had been made bitter by the lack of opportunities in his life.  He knew he could do better; he was strong and smart, people naturally tended to follow him, to look up to him—but every chance he had to go somewhere, he had been squelched―and it seemed like it was always a white man doing it.
Jamal was here almost every day with his followers, and even his own speeches were beginning to become redundant to him.  He swallowed and cleared his throat.  As he looked around at the people moving up and down the street, mostly indifferent to him, he saw a white girl glance nervously over at him and his group.  She quickly turned her head and scurried across the street to avoid them.  He paused and pulled the bullhorn down to his side.  There was something strange about her.  She had an odd-looking light that seemed to engulf her body.  He took one of his massive hands and rubbed his eyes.  Turning to one of his followers, he whispered and pointed towards her.
Jamal then pulled up the horn and continued his rhetoric.  “The new Messiah is coming.  He will be here before you know what's happening.”

Jackie walked up to 45th Street and turned right, heading toward the USO.  “The good old USO,” she thought.  It had been her lifesaver, her last defense from boredom.  She hoped she could get a free ticket to a play, or at least a movie.  Being stationed on a Coast Guard Cutter, she hadn't been able to get back to Virginia for almost two years, and she got so lonely.  Her job as a Radioman First Class entrusted her with a lot of responsibilities, and she always had to work harder than the men just to prove she was their equal.  It just wasn't fair; but life had taught her not to expect fairness.  But at least she had the USO.  There were only eight women on her ship, and she was the most senior enlisted woman, both in rank and age.  Because of the military rank structure, she wasn't allowed to date the guys she knew, though there were several that caught her attention.  But she couldn't; that was called fraternization and if you got caught you could be reduced in rank, fined big bucks, or even kicked out of the Guard altogether.  She didn't have any women friends, either, because she was twenty-nine and so the younger women didn't want to hang around with the 'old woman,' and the women officers, again, weren't allowed to socialize because of rank.  That too was considered fraternization.  So, here she was, downtown again, alone.  At least there was always the USO.
Jackie entered the building and headed for the elevator which would take her up three flights to the USO.  She pushed the call button and glanced around at the narrow vestibule.  Although, the space was old it had been built in an era when brass was in its prime.  The floor was marble and brass covered the walls.  She grinned at the brass; she was sure familiar with it.  The Coast Guard liked brass and it was forever, having to be polished.  As she looked at the walls she could appreciate the amount of work it took to keep it shining.
The elevator hummed in response to her call and she waited patiently.  Suddenly the outside door opened and three black men entered.  At first she just glanced at them and didn't think anything of it.  But slowly she began to feel uncomfortable as they stood there watching her.  Their hair was definitely not a military cut, and they were wearing shirts similar to that of the man she had seen preaching from the bullhorn.
Uneasiness settled in on her and she thought, “I better not get on the elevator with them.” She decided to act like she had forgotten something, and so mumbling to herself while fiddling with her purse, she walked towards the door.
As she started to pass them, one of the men reached out and grabbed her arm.
“Here, take my purse.”  She thrust it at him.
“No baby.  We want you.” His voice was thick and deep.
He pulled her towards him so fast she didn't have time to say anything else.  She felt herself beginning to panic.  He swung her around so she was turned with her back to him, holding her arms at the shoulders.  He cupped his hand over her mouth and slid the other around her arms and chest, pinning her to his body.  One of the other men uncapped a syringe and grabbed her forearm, injecting a clear fluid.
Jackie struggled and tried to stomp his foot, but he had anticipated her move and was standing with his feet spread.  As the needle pricked her skin, her last thought was not about her virtue, it was about her life.  She gave a muffled cry before she went unconscious.

Bernie had followed the auburn-haired girl and watched as she entered the building.  He knew she would probably call the cops on him, but he felt he just had to meet her.  No matter the cost.  As she went into the building he watched from across the street.
He wondered why she would be going in there.  It didn't look like an apartment house.  He looked up the face of the building and saw a banner with the letters USO printed boldly.  Didn't USO have something to do with the military? She didn't look like she was in the military, did she? He thought all those women looked like diesel dykes.  Was it possible?
Bernie had walked casually further down the street when a white van pulled up outside the building.  Three black men got out and strolled into the building behind the girl.  He couldn't help but think it seemed strange.  They were double parked, which wasn't unusual in New York, but they had left the van running unattended, for anyone to steal.  He crossed over and moved near the van, peering into the glass front of the building.  He hadn't been there more than a second when the three men rushed out; carrying the girl he had been following.
“Hey! What's going on there?” Bernie challenged them, rushing forward.
One of the men turned coolly towards him and reached behind, pulling out a small handgun.  The man didn't flicker an eye, as Bernie heard him pull back the hammer.  When it clicked, he instinctively dropped to the sidewalk and rolled.
The man never fired the shot.  He climbed into the van where they had loaded the girl and it sped away.


CHAPTER  2

As John Fleuric checked in at the TWA counter in West Palm Beach's airport, he was told, “I have bad news and good news for you, Mr.  Fleuric.  Unfortunately we've over booked the flight and your seat has already been filled.”
John started to open his mouth in protest.
“The good news,” the girl standing behind the desk smiled, “is I can place you in First Class at no extra charge.” She raised her head to look at him, watching his reaction.
John had a brief, strange flash.  It was as if he could read her emotions, and for some reason, he knew, she was lying.  He shook the feeling off.  Why would anyone lie about something like this?
The clerk punched for several minutes at the computer terminal and looked up.  She wondered who this man might be, that someone had changed his flight reservation and then placed an instruction in the computer to tell him the flight had been over booked.
John walked through the airport terminal while waiting for his flight, and thought how it looked more like a shopping mall than a terminal.  As he walked up to his gate they announced first class boarding.
He walked onto the plane and handed the attendant his ticket.  She glanced down at the ticket and then, slowly, up at him.  She smiled as most of them always did, and said, “Follow me please, Mr.  Fleuric.”
Her eyes had met his, and though she was smiling, he again had the feeling something was just not quite right—but he couldn't explain it.  He followed her as she led him to another attendant.
“Good evening, Mr.  Fleuric.  My name's Morgan, Morgan Cross, and I will be your attendant in first class this evening.” Morgan's heart was doing a triple beat.  It was him.  She finally stood face to face with John Fleuric.  He was handsome.  Handsome didn't describe him.  He was beautiful.  Tall, dark and handsome.  The words had been created just for him.  His eyes were the palest shade of blue.  She stood there mesmerized for a moment and thought, “I can't believe he's the one.”
Since her childhood, her parents had taught her of his coming.  His birth had been predicted through the stars, down to the exact time and place.  She had been told he would be here, and that the time for him to be presented to the world was at hand, even though he hadn't attained his own self-awareness of who he truly was.  It was this trip to New York which would begin his awakening to total consciousness, and make him aware of his own destiny.
At this time, Morgan knew more about this man, in many ways, than he knew about himself.  Her parents were members of one of the oldest orders of an ancient religion still in hidden existence, and had trained her for this purpose since she had been a child.  Although Morgan was only twenty-four, she knew this was the one whom she must serve.  
“Mr.  Fleuric, here's your seat.  Please make yourself comfortable and I will get you what ever you like to drink.” Morgan watched his lean muscular body as he sat down.  His sensuality made her shudder; she admonished herself for the lustful thoughts she was having.  This is he who had been predicted, she told herself, he is more than just a man.  
John looked up at her and returned her smile.  “I'll have a Bud Light, please.”
As Morgan went off to get his drink, John wondered at being the only one in first class.  He thought it was rather strange, since they had said they were over booked.  He sat back, noting the jet was one of the large ones which showed movies.  That was odd too, to have a movie when the flight was so short.
Morgan returned with his beer and a glass.  “I will be serving you dinner shortly after we take off.  It looks like you'll be the only one in first class tonight, so you will get extra-special attention.” She smiled and poured his beer for him.  “So if there's anything you want, please call me.” She emphasized the word anything and stared deep into his eyes.
Morgan knew that it was the lower chakra center which she had been trained to open; the second chakra, the sexual organs.  She tingled at the thought of enticing him into a sexual liaison with her.  She wasn't sure how she was going to go about it, but she had been trained for this and that was why, at the age of twenty-four, she was still a virgin.
After a short time the “fasten your seatbelt” light blinked on and the Captain's voice came over the speaker.  He told them their flight would arrive at 9:00 P.M., and the weather in New York was partly cloudy with a comfortable 72 degrees.
Morgan walked over to John and leaned down.  “Let me help you with your seatbelt, Mr.  Fleuric.” 
 She reached down slowly, grabbing each end of the belt with her slender fingers on the underneath side of the clasp.  She let her fingers graze John's crotch.  At that touch there was an almost electrical thrill that ran through her hand all the way to her head, and back down to the base of her spine, at the feel of his male softness.  She had to fight against the urge to keep from trembling.
At the feel of Morgan's hand, John felt himself begin to stir.  He was shocked, not so much by her action as by his own response.  Although he would be thirty next week, he was an old man by any sexual definition.  He had always abstained from sex.  Not because he had never had the opportunity; many women had thrown themselves at him, but he abstained because he had just never had any desire.  When he had been a teenager, he had often wondered if there was something wrong with him.  The conversations of other boys, on how they chased girls and “scored,” was like a sport.  That had just never appealed to him.  He had made a mistake in his choice of attending Radford University in Virginia: the mistake was that at one time, it had been an all-women's teacher college, and had just gone coed.  He was one of the first men to attend the school after the change.  The girls were always chasing him and asking him out.  Being one of the few men on campus had made him very popular, and he had passed on many opportunities by making excuses to them that he had to study.  He had even taken an evening job, just to get away from the dorm.  After a while some of the girls were so frustrated by his aloofness they started the rumor that he was gay―of course the term they used back then was “queer.” The unfortunate thing was, he wasn't gay; that would have been some kind of sexual desire, but he truly felt nothing.  He had even tried manually to get an erection.  He finally gave it up, and came to the conclusion he was one of those few people who were just asexual.
John's eyes widened as he felt her hand against him.  After all of those years of indifference he had finally felt something.  He felt confused, as the strange sensation ran through his body to his brain.
“Please call me John.” He looked deep into her warm brown eyes, flecked with amber and green.
“Do you live in New York, or are you just going there to visit?” Morgan asked him as she stood up and surveyed him from head to foot.
“I'm going there on business,” John said, returning the close scrutiny.
“What company are you with―or am I being too personal?” Morgan quizzed.
“No, no–“John smiled and stuttered.  “That is quite all right.  Please be personal.  I don't mind at all.  I have a computer company specializing in software.  We're still small, but growing.”
“Your wife must be very proud of you.” Morgan said, knowing he wasn't married but not wanting him to realize she knew all about him, even down to the fact he, like herself, was still a virgin―although she had sexual desire and he never had.
“I'm not married.” John responded with a grin.  “Unless you consider being married to work.  Some of the people who work for me accuse me of that.”
“Will you be in New York very long?” Morgan practically purred.
“About a week.  I will be leaving on my birthday on the first.”
“And I bet you'll be nineteen,” Morgan flattered, and gave him her most dazzling smile and a half wink.
John grinned back.  “Thirty, I'm afraid.  Nineteen is more like your age.”
“Flattery will get you everywhere, Mr.  Fleuric.”
“John, please.  I insist.”
“John,” she whispered in her most sensual voice.
“Morgan, I'm sorry… what did you say your last name is?”
“Cross,” she answered.  “But I guarantee I'm not a burden to bare.”


CHAPTER  3

The Reverend Thomas Lamb turned the key to his hotel room.  He looked around at the shabby excuse for living quarters and laid his suitcase on the bed.  He had been in New York before, and he hated it.  He could always feel the evilness and the seedy side of the city, like a layer of festering scum on milk.
Although he was almost thirty, he looked much older.  His hair had begun to fade years earlier and was now thinning.  He didn't take care of his body; his waistline was pudgy from too many sweets and too many junk-food meals.  He was indifferent to his body's needs.
Reverend Lamb knew something was soon going to happen.  He wasn't quite sure what it was, but he had been guided by voices to come here.
The first revelation had come to him only a month ago.  At first he hadn't believed what he had seen; his own senses had rejected the thought.  He had awakened from a dream in a cold sweat.  He had been dreaming of hell and the coming of the Anti-Christ.  He had never been a “hell fire and damnation” preacher, but had tried to practice the more gentler side of Christianity.  He had always loved nature, and the beauty and love people should share with one another.  But this dream had come.  The first time, he had rejected it.  Then it happen twice more.
The second time he had been outside at night, looking up at the beauty of the night sky where he lived in Blacksburg, Virginia.  As he had stared up at the sky, he saw a face looking down at him.  A voice came down to him, telling him the Anti-Christ was coming, and had insisted it was his mission to stop him.
The last time had been the most convincing.  He had been in church, practicing his Sunday sermon, when the walls of the church disappeared and he was standing on the shore of a lake.  The water had parted, and a voice told him he was to go to New York, for that was where the Anti-Christ was to appear.  He tried to protest, but the voice said he had been chosen.  He tried to argue that he wouldn't know what to do, but the voice wouldn't listen.  It told him he would know what to do when the time came.
Thomas dropped onto the well-worn bed, placing his head in his hands.  He wondered where he should start.
Quietly he prayed for guidance and strength.


CHAPTER  4

Jackie groaned, trying to clear some of the fog from her mind.  She felt as if her head was in a vise grip and someone kept turning the handle.  She gradually started to become aware of her body; it was like both her mind and her body must have fallen asleep, for she felt like someone was sticking her with thousands of needles.  Even before she opened her eyes, she knew she was naked.  Being a sensible woman, she lay there and listened before she opened her eyes.  She wanted to make sure no one was near.
Slowly, and without moving her body, she opened her eyes just a slit.  At first the light blinded her, and she had to adjust her eyelids to compensate.  Lying still, with her peripheral vision she was able to detect she was in a room, apparently alone.  The last thing she remembered was the confrontation with the three men in the lobby of the USO building.
Realizing no one was near she slowly took inventory of her situation.  Moving her stiff neck to the right and then to the left, she raised her head as much as she could and scanned the area; it appeared to be a sparsely-filled bedroom.  She was lying on a four poster bed, and had been tied up naked and spread-eagled.  From what she could tell, there was nothing else in the room; the light above her was a single bulb dangling from the ceiling.  The paint on the walls and ceiling was old and yellow.  Flaking chips threatened to fall down in her face at any moment.  As a Radioman, she had been trained to listen more carefully than most people, and she held her breath.
Straining her ears, at first she could hear only her heart pounding away; but as her thoughts stilled she thought she heard a foghorn in the distance.  Was it night already? Then she heard and felt the vibration of someone walking closer.  Then faint voices, but she had to strain to make out what they were saying.  Jackie stayed clam; she had always disciplined herself not to panic, to assess the situation to determine what action was necessary.

“What the hell we going to do with that white bitch?” She heard.
“Whatever the fuck Jamal tells us.”
“Well, shit, man.  I think we might ought to tear off a little of that thing while we's waiting.”
“Jamal told us we better not touch her, not yet anyway.  So don't you be doing nothing to get him pissed.”
“What does he want her for? He the one be talking about them white devils and shit.”
“Shut your mouth, man! Jamal don't do nothing 'less it's for the cause.”
“When's he going to be here?”
“Couple hours.  Now go over and get us some pizza.”
“You go, man.  I went last time.”
“Jamal left me in charge, so you better do what I tell you or he's gonna hear about it.”
“All right, man.  Give me some money.”

Jackie heard movement and then a door opened and closed.  As she laid her head back she regretted never having had sex, because she now expected to be raped, maybe even killed.  Tears welled up in her eyes and she blinked to keep them from burning.  She had to think.  This was no time to feel sorry for herself.  If she did, she would never be able to accomplish anything.
It was Saturday, or at least she thought it was still Saturday.  She wouldn't be missed until Monday when liberty expired and they would count her AWOL.  AWOL! Why was she thinking like that; she was beginning to give up.  If she allowed herself self-pity, an emotion she never gave in to, she was surely doomed.  That was an emotion she had never had time for and she wasn’t going to now either!
When they found her Absent With Out Leave they might try to figure out what happened.  Would they be able to track her? She doubted it.  Even though several of the other women knew she went to the USO, they wouldn't be able to find her.  No one had seen her being taken.  She thought for a moment; no, she hadn't told anyone where she was going, and the only person she had met was the guy she had bumped into.
Nevertheless, this was definitely not the time to give up, she told herself.


CHAPTER  5

Bernie had recovered from the shock of seeing the girl abducted, and stood there in the street beneath the USO.  He was furious at his own inability to do anything to help her.  He thought about going to the police, but he had-had to deal with New York's finest before, on the opposite end of the spectrum.  He shrugged as he thought about the time he had been arrested after getting into a fight outside a tavern; it hadn't been his fault, he had only been defending himself, but that had been beside the point.  He knew it would take forever, telling them about the kidnapping.
After several minutes of standing around in half-shock, he decided to go into the building from which the girl had been taken.  Upon entering the narrow lobby, he noticed two elevators on his right and on his left, a directory for the building.
He walked over and stared at the directory, noticing several companies and the USO.  Had that been where she had been going? he thought.  Most of the other places were probably closed today, so he decided he should check it out.
Bernie entered the elevator and got off on the floor marked “USO.” He paused after getting off and saw there was only one door on this floor, also marked USO.  He opened the door and walked in.
“May I see your ID card, please,” came a request from a pretty girl sitting behind a desk on the other side of the room.
“Well, I don't exactly have one,” Bernie explained.
“I'm sorry, the USO is for military personnel, their dependents and guests, only,” she stated flatly, as if she wished it were a recording so she wouldn't have to say it over and over.
“I was supposed to meet a young lady here,” Bernie lied.  “Actually she was going to meet me outside, but I thought since I arrived a little late she may have come on in, “Bernie improvised, pretending to look around for someone.
“It's been quiet today.  Most of the ships are underway,” the girl said.
“Oh, well maybe you know her, she's about five four, auburn hair that reaches down to here.” Bernie gestured at his shoulder.  “Pale grey eyes?”
“Do you know her name?”
“Well,” Bernie hesitated, “not exactly.”
“Uh huh, I see.” The girl said squinting her eyes and looking Bernie over.  “Do you know what service she's in?”
“Well ...” Bernie dragged the word out and curled his upper lip, trying to ingratiate himself to the girl, “not exactly.”
“What do you know about her?”
“She's very attractive and I only recently met her.  She wrote her name and phone number down but I lost them.  I was a little inebriated at the time,” he continued to lie.  “And she has a rather sad, distant look in her eyes.”
The girl thought for a moment.  “I probably shouldn't say anything, but it sounds like it might be Jackie.  I think her last name's Harris, but I'm not sure.  You get to know people by their service and first names.  I wouldn't normally say anything, but Jackie always comes here on Saturday, alone.” She emphasized alone.  “She doesn't usually say much but I'm very perceptive, know what I mean?” She inhaled loudly and looked pensive.  “You know I haven't seen her yet today, and she's usually here by now.  She just comes in, doesn't socialize; just asks for only one ticket to whatever Broadway or off-Broadway show we might have, and has a soda and leaves.”
Bernie smiled to himself.  He had hit a gold mine.  This girl loved to gossip.  “What service is she in?” he quizzed.
“Oh, let me see, I think it's the Coast Guard.  I really shouldn't be talking to you about this, but, if she's finally coming out of her shell and found her a man, especially at her age,” she added cattily.  “Well, who am I to stop the course of love.”
“Her age? What do you mean? She couldn't be more than twenty-three.” Bernie asked.
“Twenty-three… my big foot.  I hope I'm that well preserved when I'm twenty-nine.  You know, I think she'll be thirty soon, if I remember correctly.” She nodded her head.  “As a matter of fact, I think she said her birthday is around the first of next month.”
Bernie grinned and let his eyes twinkle.  “Oh, but you must still have ten years until you're twenty-nine,” Bernie flattered, and then added, “Do you know where she lives? Maybe I can call and see if she's just late?”
“She's on Governors Island… on one of their ships.  I'm not sure which one,” she said, shaking her head slightly.  “Although I think she also has a room on the base; but she's stationed on one of the ships.  I'm just not sure which one.  I'm not really sure she has a room on the base as far as that goes.  Besides, even if I had her phone number, which I don't, I couldn't give it to you.”
“I understand.  Thank you so much.  I guess I'll just wait outside, maybe she will still show.” Bernie said as he began to turn for the door.
“You can wait here if you like.” She gestured toward a couch across the room.  “By the way, my name's Beth.  What's yours?” She smiled.
Bernie paused for a moment.  “Uh, Larry, Larry Jones.  Well it's been nice meeting you, Beth.  I guess I should wait outside for a few minutes.  If you see her, would you tell her I was here?”
“Sure, someone else may come in that knows her.  I'll ask around, if you want to check back in with me later.” She scribbled on a piece of paper.  “Here's the USO's number, and there's my home number, so give me a call.”
“Thanks, Beth.  I'll do that.  What time do you get off?” Bernie asked as he opened the door to depart.
“Nine thirty.” She smiled encouragingly.  “I hope to hear from you.”
Back out on the street Bernie walked aimlessly, trying to think what he could do now.  As he came back around the corner to Broadway, he saw the black street preachers.  He stopped and stared at them, thinking that something looked vaguely familiar.  Then he realized what it was: It was their clothing.  It was similar to the clothing the abductors had been wearing.  It suddenly hit him, that if he really wanted to help the girl he could follow these guys.  He thought about it for several minutes.  He didn't even know the girl and wondered why he should get involved; it wasn't like him.  But something about this girl was special.  He reached into his pocket and felt the twenty-dollar bill.  He just hoped they used public transportation and not the van to go wherever they went when they finished.
He also felt a subway token.  His round trip token.  He always bought his return fare, just in case he got robbed.  After all, this was Manhattan and it was a long walk back to Brooklyn.  In New York, anything could happen—and usually did.  He decided he would wait and follow the men.  He really didn't have anything better to do, and he would look at it like an adventure.
He wandered over to a street vendor, bought a bagel and thought about the girl.  What had Beth said her name was? Jackie.  He smiled.  Yes, Jackie; he wondered if it was short for Jacqueline.
He blended into the crowd and watched the men.


CHAPTER  6

John Fleuric's plane arrived in New York at 9:05.  Morgan walked with John as he deplaned.
They said good-bye and John went in search of a taxi.  He had flown into LaGuardia several times; he noticed they were renovating their terminal.  He thought about his meeting with Morgan.
He couldn't believe he had actually made a date with her for tomorrow.  He hadn't asked anyone out in years, and back then it had been just for friendship.  Never in his wildest dreams had he thought of a date as a sexual rendezvous.  But now, he smiled to himself, well you just never know.
John finally caught a taxi and told the cabbie to head for South Ferry.  He was going to the Coast Guard base on Governors Island.  He had developed new software to coordinate vessel traffic, and he was going there to convince them of its usefulness.  He felt confident about the software, which would allow all vessels on the sea to use frequencies to ensure safer navigation through congested harbors.
He watched the buildings pass as the taxi made its way to South Ferry.  John knew he would have to take a ferry boat across to Governors Island.  His meeting wasn't until Monday; he had arrived today so he could do a little sight-seeing tomorrow.
He was glad he had come early.  He thought about Morgan, and felt himself tingle and stir at the thought.
They arrived at South Ferry and he unloaded his luggage.  He first had to check in with Security to get over to the Coast Guard base.  He thought how it was almost like a prison, sitting out in the water all by itself, with the only transportation to and from the island being a boat.
After several minutes of identifying himself he finally lugged his baggage onto the waiting ferry.  As he stood at the rail on the second deck of the ship he looked out at Miss Liberty.  The sun had already set and a breeze licked at his face, tousling his hair.  Miss Liberty stood majestically quiet and solemn.  She was a beautiful sight, he thought.


CHAPTER  7

Billy Clement walked down the gangplank of the Coast Guard cutter.  He didn't know where he was going he just knew he had to get off of the ship.  He was feeling uneasy.
Usually Billy would walk to the ferry terminal and catch the boat over to Manhattan, but tonight he decided he would drive.  He wasn't sure why he wanted to drive; there was no particular reason, he just had to do it although he usually hated to drive into the city.  Where he was going, he had no idea; he just knew that he had to get off the ship.  He was going stir crazy.  On Saturday night he usually didn't go anywhere, because as a Seaman, just out of Boot Camp eight months ago, he had a truck payment and rarely had any money he could waste.  He had been promoted pretty fast after boot camp; now he was just waiting around until he could go to school and learn how to be a yeoman.  The other guys called yeomen, secretaries but he looked at the yeomen and told himself the yeomen were inside an office even while at sea: nice and warm in the winter and cool in the summer.  That was what he wanted to do.  Besides, it would probably help him get a job after he got out of the Coast Guard.
Billy decided to drive around the Coast Guard base for a few minutes as he glanced at his watch.  It was still several minutes until the next boat would arrive.  He got into his truck and started out.  He loved his truck, and although he had bought it used, he had put just about every spare cent he could into it.  He hated to take it into Manhattan.  He still wasn't sure why he was going to drive into the city.  Hell, even if he found a parking place in the city that didn't cost him what seemed like half of his salary, he didn't like to drive it in because his insurance deductible was sky-high, since that was the only way he could afford insurance.
As Billy pulled into the parking lot the ferry boat was just pulling into the Island's terminal.  He sat there for a minute, and then changed his mind.  He didn't want to go into the city.  He must be going loco to want to endanger his truck.  Maybe he would go back to the ship and park his truck, then walk over to the club.  He wasn't old enough to drink legally yet, although at twenty he was no stranger to alcohol.  He really didn't like the club so much, now that they had moved the enlisted club into the same building as the Chief's Club.  The Chiefs were a bunch of obnoxious assholes, he thought, and they were worse when they got drunk.  There were a few exceptions, but not many―or at least he hadn't met many exceptions.
Billy had started to pull out of the parking lot when he saw a man struggling with two heavy-looking suitcases and a briefcase.  As Billy looked at him he could tell the man wasn't in the military.  His hair was just a touch to long.  Being from the south, Billy had been brought up to help people when they appeared to need it.  He pulled up beside the man and rolled down his window.
“Looks like you got your hands full.  Can I give you a lift?” Billy asked the man.
John Fleuric looked around at the young kid in the truck.  “Sure, I would appreciate it.  I'm going over to the Motel.  I'm not even sure where it is though.” John tossed his bags into the back of the truck.
“No problem.  I know where it's at.” Billy answered.
As John got into the truck he noticed the Virginia license plate.  John remembered that when he left the airport he had made a silent wish he wouldn't have to lug his bags all over the island.  His secretary, Sheila, had made his travel arrangements and had told him the Coast Guard's local bus system didn't run after six P.M., so he should travel light, because he would probably have to drag his luggage across the island to the motel.
“Thanks again.” John said as he closed the truck door.  “Nice truck you got here.”
“Thanks.  I got it about seven months ago just after I got out of Boot Camp.  Bought it back home.” Billy replied as he put the truck into gear.
“Back home?” John turned to look at the boy.  “Let me guess.  You sound as if you're from the mountains of Virginia.  Am I right?” John asked, putting together the tags with the boy's heavy mountain drawl.
“That's right.  Blacksburg, Virginia.  Close to Roanoke.  Have you ever heard of it?”
“I went to school in Radford.  We used to go over to Virginia Tech to watch the football games.  Of course that's been about eight years ago,” John said as he rolled the truck window down.
“The motel ain't far, but the speed limit on the island's only fifteen so it'll take us about ten minutes at a snail's pace to get there,” Billy said.  “I reckoned I had lost most of my accent when I come in the Guard, but I guess I didn't.”
“You don't have that much of an accent.  After living in Radford I remember the accent; it's very distinct.  I took a course where we studied phonetics of different English-speaking dialects.  I even use the phonetics to program talking computers.  Not just the speech, but the sound of the speech.  How about you? What do you do?”
“Basically whatever they tell me to do.  Chip and paint mostly.  Clean a lot.  Being a seaman is just about as low as you can get.  Except Seaman Apprentice.  I just got promoted to Seaman on the sixteenth.  I'm on that cutter there.” Billy pointed to a white ship with an orange stripe on its hull.
“By the way, my name's John, John Fleuric.”
“Pleased to meet you.  I'm Billy Clement.” Billy pulled into the parking lot of the motel and stopped; then held out his hand to John.
John clasped the young man's hand.  “Thanks for the ride, Billy.” Then John realized he didn't have anything to do and he wouldn't mind having a little company.  “Is there anywhere to get a drink on the island?” he asked, hoping Billy would take the initiative and offer his friendship.
“There's three clubs.” Billy explained.  “Enlisted, Chiefs and Officers.  As a civilian you can go into any of them.  As for me, well, they only let me go into the enlisted club.  I guess the military is still one of them places they allow segregation under the disguise of calling it “rank has its privileges.” Of course it has nothing to do with race or anything like that.” Billy told John.  Suddenly, without knowing why, Billy had a flash of deja’ vu―as if seeing John, he felt he had met the man somewhere before.  Billy shook his head; he knew it was impossible unless he had seen him in Blacksburg.  But that had been eight years ago, and Billy had been only twelve then.
“Well, it sounds interesting,” John said.  “But I was just thinking of buying something to drink and sitting around my room.”
“They have a country store, kind of like 7-Eleven, but they sell liquor too.” Billy said.
“That sounds good.  How do I find it?” John asked.
“I tell you what.  Why don't I help you carry your bags in.  You get checked in, and then I'll drive you over to it,” Billy offered.
“Okay, that sounds good.” John got out of the truck, reached into the rear, and started getting his bags.
Billy got out and grabbed a bag.  “Here, let me help you.” John noticed Billy picked up the heavy bags like they were nothing.
John registered and Billy helped him take his bags to the room.
“Just set them anywhere.” John said as they entered the room.  “Let's go find that drink.  By the way, you wouldn't want to join me for a drink, would you? That is, unless you have other plans.”
Billy paused for a second, trying to evaluate the man.  “No plans.  I'd like that.  Only, I just got a few dollars on me.  I can put it in.” Billy offered.
“That's okay, I got it covered.” John said.  “Besides, you've chauffeured me here.  I owe you.”
“You don't owe me nothing.” Billy said.  “Let's go.”
When they got into Billy's truck John asked, “What do you like to drink, anyway?”
“I'm an old country boy.  I'll drink just about anything.  Although I don't care too much for wine, it makes me sick; but I'll drink it if that's what you want.”
“Have you ever tried Vodka and tonic with a twist of lime?” John asked as Billy put the truck in gear.
“No, but I'm game.  I ain't got duty tomorrow anyway, so it won't matter if I get a little hung over.”
“Well, I don't have to be anywhere in the morning, but I do have a date tomorrow afternoon.  That is, if she shows,” John said.  “I just met her today.  Besides, I think you'll find you won't get much of a hangover with this anyway.”
A date, Billy thought, good, he had been a little worried about this guy.  You never knew people's motives these days.
“A date?” Billy said.  “Man, you move pretty fast, or did you already know her?”
“Just met her on the plane coming up from Florida.  She's a flight attendant.”
“They still got a few of them attendants that look pretty good, but most of them are old, married or some queer guy.” Billy turned to watch John's reaction.  No reaction he thought; good.  Then he added, “I understand they used to always look fine back when they were called stewardesses.”
“You're right.  Back then was before they got into legal battles for tenure; they had weight and age standards, and no men.  They did look a lot better.  But with all the airlines shutting down and the way it is with most companies, last hired, is the first fired.  But you're right, most of them are like faded roses.  This woman though, she is pretty.  She is quite fine.  She's barely more than your age, maybe twenty three or four.  Dark rich brown hair, hazel eyes and a beautiful complexion.  Her legs are nice too.  Real nice.” John watched Billy's expression.
“You're making my mouth water.” Billy replied, unaware he had actually licked his lips.
John looked around at the scenery of the island and glanced over at Billy occasionally.  As he watched Billy, he had a feeling of a great energy radiating from the young man.  And for a moment, when they talked about Morgan, Billy's face took on a gleam of pure lust.  John had seen it before but had never been conscious of the feeling that went behind the look.  He could actually feel this energy.  John stared, as a momentary flash of blue energy scintillated in the air before his eyes.  John jerked around to see if Billy had seen anything―but the young man was busy watching the road ahead of him.
“Hell,” Billy went on, “I ain't had much since I come in the Guard.  I've seen a lot of strange things, though.  But I haven't had much luck.  I had this girl back home but she wrote me a “Dear John” letter.  No offense, buddy,” he chuckled.  “Guess she just got tired of waiting around and found somebody else.  That happens a lot in the military.”
“I guess it does.” John muttered flatly.  He had never had anything like that happen before.  It had been a tiny, bright blast of blue light, lasting less than a second.  He wondered if he needed his eyes checked.
“Like I was saying, I ain't had none in so long, it makes my nuts hurt.” Billy turned to look at John testing his reaction.  “Makes me horny just to think about it.”
“Yeah I guess it does.” John said reluctantly.  Today he had the first desire for sex in his life.  He had always figured that sex was just a waste of time which could be spent learning, but now he was feeling different.  If he met Morgan tomorrow he wasn't sure what to do.  He had never even masturbated; he had tried but hadn't been able to even get an erection.  He had no idea what to do with a woman.
“Here we are.” Billy pulled into a parking spot and turned off the truck.  Reaching into his pocket he pulled out two dollars and some change, and handed it to John.
“It ain't much,” he said, “but pay day ain't till the first of the month.”
John looked at Billy's meager change.  “That's okay, Billy, this is my treat.  Besides, you helped me with my bags.  I tell you what, if you're ever in Florida you can treat me.”
Billy shrugged and stuffed the money back in his pocket.  “Sure thing, man, I'd be glad to.”
“I tell you what,” John said reaching for the door handle, “if you want to I'll go in and get it and you can wait here.”
“They won't sell it to you.  Military gets a discount and they won't sell it to anyone without an ID card.  You might want to give me the money and let me do it.  You can trust me; here I'll give you the keys to my truck.  Besides, this island isn't very big―you could catch me with your money before I got any distance.”
“You have been in New York too long.  You don't trust anybody, do you?” John asked.
Billy looked down.  “I guess not.  I forget sometimes.”
“But don't you have to be twenty-one to buy here?” John asked.
“Yeah.” Billy grinned.  “But I know the girl who works there on Saturdays, and if there's nobody around she'll sell it to me.
“John handed him a hundred.  “Will this be enough?”
“We can get half the ship drunk on that much,” Billy grinned.
Billy went in and picked out vodka, tonic and some lime juice.  They didn't have any limes.  Billy waited until the store was empty and smiled at the girl behind the register.  She smiled back.  He took the change and got back into the truck, handing it to John.
“Why don't you keep the change, Billy.  I can count it as a business expense.”
“Here, I couldn't do that.” Billy forced the money outward again.
“I tell you what, you could show me how to get to a restaurant uptown tomorrow.”
Billy stared suspiciously at John and shrugged.  “Okay, but you don't have to pay me for it.  I'll do it for nothing.  I don't have anything else to do.”
“Use it as gas money.  I could use someone to take me around.  I need someone to show me around and keep me out of trouble.  Besides, I've got a lot to do.  I'm going to be here for eight days, maybe you could run me around? I'll pay you for it.  It would save me the problem of getting a taxi.  I don't feel very safe in the taxis.  So few drivers speak English.  You're always wondering if they're taking you where you want to go or off to mug you.”
“I know what you mean.” Billy shoved the money into his pocket.  “Anything you want, John.  If I can get off this week I'd be glad to drive you around.  As a matter of fact, the ship's going to be in Charlie Status this week; that means we shouldn't be getting underway.  I could probably take a week's leave.”
“Thanks,” John pondered the thought.  “Maybe I'll take you up on it.  I could pay you, say, maybe a thousand dollars.  That would be to take me wherever I needed to go, and stay close if I need you.  You're a pretty big man, you look like you could handle yourself in a clinch.” John muttered to himself for a second.  “Uh, if you'll be my bodyguard I'll give you an extra thousand.  Although I don't really expect any trouble, I will be going into the city a few times and I have quite a bit of valuable software.”
“Two thousand dollars!” Billy exclaimed.  “Are you shitting me? Just point out who you want me to kill.” Billy looked at John suspiciously; this was pretty strange, but for some reason he felt he trusted this stranger.  “I'll do it.  I'll go to the ship in the morning and see if I can get them to cut me some leave papers.  I'm sure there won't be any problem.”
“Thanks, Billy.” John said.  He liked this young man; he made him feel younger than he had in years.  He had spent so much of his life studying and working he had never quite learned how to play.  Maybe Billy would help him; he was overdue.
They arrived back at the motel and went to John's room.  It had a bath with a tub and shower and a kitchenette.
“I'll make the first drink.” John said as he opened the refrigerator and got out ice.  He handed Billy the drink and ask him to test it.  “Well, what do you think?”
“Not bad.  Not bad at all.” Billy sipped.  “I think I like it.  I never was one for those sweet drinks.  I usually just drink beer.” Billy sat down in a chair.  “Mind if I turn on some music?”
“No, go ahead.  Make yourself comfortable.  I'm not going anywhere else tonight,” John added as he took off his tie and shoes.  He sat down in the other chair and leaned back.
Billy followed John's lead and took off his own shoes.
As John sat across from Billy, watching him fumble with the radio, he was able to get his first good look at him.  Billy was at least six four if not taller; his sandy hair was short and bleached from the weather.  His muscles were lean, with broad shoulders and chest.
“You look like you lift weights or work pretty damn hard,” John commented.
“Little of both,” Billy answered, feeling a little homophobic.  “Growing up in the country you work pretty hard.  I said I was from Blacksburg, but actually I grew up on a small farm just between Blacksburg and Christiansburg.  I had to work pretty hard.  You would never guess I was a fat kid though, would you.  Where are you from?”
Billy's question flashed a joke through John's head.  It was the one about the Georgia girl who had said to the Boston girl, “Where you all from?” And the Boston girl had said to the Georgia girl, “We are from a place that never ends our sentences with prepositional phrases.” And the Georgia girl said to the Boston girl, “Where you all from, Bitch!” John chuckled to himself but didn't allow Billy to see him.
He answered Billy.  “I grew up in Franklin County.  You know…, the moonshine capital.  I guess we were neighbors.  Small world.”
“I'll be dang.” Billy exclaimed.  “It sure is.  These city people can just be plain rude, can't they.  Not like the people from Virginia.  Although, you know, I think the true New Yorkers aren't too bad.  It's the people from somewhere else.  Most of the true New Yorkers will give you directions, stop and talk to you, but usually they're just too busy and have to keep on the go.  Always moving at a fast pace.” Billy got up and said, “Ready for another one? Let me try my hand at mixing.”
“Yeah, I'm ready.”  John handed him his glass.
Billy went over and started mixing.  “What do you think of the music?” The music he had chosen was fusion jazz.
John smiled as he listened.  He had half expected to hear country or metal.
“Nice choice of music.  Very relaxing.” John complimented.
Billy handed John his drink.  “Well?”
“Just right.”
Billy grinned.  “I surprised you with the music, huh? “
”A little.” John laughed.  It was almost as if Billy were reading his mind.
“You said you came up from Florida.  Whereabouts?”
“Boca Raton.”
“I hear that's a nice place.”
“It really is.”
“Guess there must be a lot of bitches–I mean beaches.” Billy joked.
John grinned.  “Both.  Lots of women,” he paused.  The liquor was buzzing nicely inside his head.  He felt strangely detached from his voice as he spoke again.  “Although, to tell you the truth, I'm somewhat embarrassed to admit it, I've never been with a woman.”
“You're kidding?” Billy said; he thought, “Uh oh, here it comes.  He paused and carefully chose his words.  “Uh, I don't mean to offend you, but are you gay?”
John chuckled out loud, and Billy was surprised by the reaction.  He had expected John to either admit he was, or be angry for being accused of it.  It wasn't the response he had expected.
“Don't worry about offending me.” John said.  “You're not the first person to ask me or even accuse me of it.  No, I'm not gay.  I've just never had any interest in sex.  At least not until today when I met Morgan on the plane.”
Billy narrowed his eyes and looked at John, unconvinced.  He sat up straight and crossed his legs.  “You're putting me on.  You've got everything.  Money, job, looks ....” He paused and cleared his throat.  “I didn't mean that the way it sounded, I just meant..., well, I'm not gay either.  You know what I meant.  You've apparently got money, you're young, successful.  You're telling me you don't have a sex drive? That's kind of hard to believe.  Sex is like food.  Once the umbilical cord that your mama fed you with breaks you've got to have it.  It satisfies you for a while but then the hunger just comes back.”
John blinked.  He suddenly realized what this young man, Billy, could teach him: how to make love to a woman.  He had a date tomorrow―he glanced at his watch―it was almost tomorrow.  Anyway, he had a date and he felt sure the situation of sex might arise.  If it did, he didn't want to appear to be a fool.  If there was anything in the world he hated, it was to feel like a fool.  Personal failure was John's biggest fear.  Failure in others was acceptable, but he couldn't tolerate it in himself.
John sat quietly for a moment.  “Billy, I'm not joking.  I'm telling you the truth.” He then told Billy about his life of celibacy.  The offers he had-had, and the times when he had tried to stimulate himself but failed.  It was that failure which caused him to quit trying.
Billy sat quietly, listening tentatively.  He shook his head.  “Wow, that's incredible.  I find it hard to believe.  I mean, I believe you, it's just I never met anyone with no sex drive.”
John looked at Billy solemnly.  “Tell me what it's like.  What should I do tomorrow?” He lowered his head in embarrassment.  “I really don't know.”
“Well first of all, you don't go prepared to just jump her bones.  You got to let nature take its course.  Sex is natural.  You have to let your emotions take over.  But you have to remember to be patient and let her give you signals.  Little things, like if she gets close to you and smiles, turns her head back and puts her lips together.  You can see them actually form a little pucker.” Billy pursed his lips as he explained.  “It means she wants you to kiss her.  Then you kiss her.  If she wraps her arms around you, pull her close, gently.” He grinned.  “Ready for another drink? I think this is going to be a long night.”
“Sure.”  John said.  “Then what do you do?”
Billy laughed as he fixed them drinks.  “I don't mean to offend you but this is so bizarre.  I don't mean anything personal, but I remember back when me and my buddies use to talk like this.  We were about twelve or so, just reaching puberty.”
He handed John the drink and sat back down.  “Okay.  If she doesn't pull away, but releases the kiss, hold her for a few moments and then kiss down her neck.  That's very sensitive.  Lean into her neck and just snuggle.  Then kiss it ever so tenderly.  Just brush your lips across it.  Usually you can feel her shiver.  It's almost like an electrical current runs through her.  By this time, if you're lucky you can feel her nipples start to harden against your chest.  That is, if her bra isn't too thick.  You know ― one of those sheer bras―is best or none at all is better.” He paused and John nodded.  “Just talking like this gets me excited.  I guess it's been too long since I had any.”
John stared at the young man.  He was fascinated by his vitality and the sexual energy that exuded from him.  John felt odd and sexually excited himself.


CHAPTER  8

At 11:30 P.M., Jamal entered the severely neglected building on Lafayette.  He went immediately to the third floor.  He was followed by two of his men.  Although Jamal would be thirty years old in a week his movement was graceful and vibrant, like a youth full of force and determination.  He had been standing and preaching most of the day, but barely felt any fatigue.  His preaching was one of the few ways they earned their money.  Occasionally they dealt in stolen goods but they stayed away from drugs.  Jamal felt drugs was just another way the white man kept the black man down, and he refused to have them around―except those needed to do their work.  Like the tranquilizer his men had used on the girl.
“How's the woman?” he asked as he entered the sparsely furnished apartment.
The man sitting in a worn chair looked up from the TV.  “Everything's just as you ordered.  She's tied up, naked and gagged.  I don't see what you want with no white woman, though.”
“Listen, Azid, I don't have to explain anything to you, but I will.  If just to help justify it to myself.” Jamal sat down in the kitchen chair.  “When I saw her, I saw this light around her and it was like I heard a voice, but it wasn't quite a voice.  It said, ‘She's one!’ I don't know what was meant by ‘she's one’ but I do know she's somehow connected to the coming of the Messiah.  But when I looked at her I saw this kind of purple and yellow glow around her.”
Jamal stood up and headed for the bathroom.  He turned to the other man.  “Azid, I want you to call my disciples and tell them to get here before midnight.  We're going to have an awakening ceremony.”
Azid rose from the chair, shaking his head in confusion.  This just wasn't like Jamal.  Azid's name had been William Thorton but when Jamal had taken him into the family they had renamed him Azid.  He liked Azid better.  It made him fit in.  When he had been a boy growing up in the projects he had always been kidded because his mother had called him Willie.  Most of his friends had exotic African names, but his had been plain.  When he had the opportunity to join the family he jumped at the chance and they had given him the name of Azid.  It meant he “who listens.” Although Azid was only twenty-two, he had always hated the white man, the Man, as he called them.  He blamed them for the poverty and problems his poor mother had put up with.  She had a pathetic job and struggled to make ends meet; although, he was proud of her for being able to endure.  He also blamed his father for leaving his mother pregnant when she was only fourteen and taking off.
“Why we going to do an awakening on a whitey, man?”
Jamal's chiseled jaw tightened as he spoke.  “Just do what I tell you.  And tell them they had better be here in time.”
Azid rose and left the room to call the rest of the family.  There were thirteen in all, and five of them were already here.
Jamal went to the room where the woman was.  He opened the door and saw her tighten her eyelids.  He gave a brief smile.  How could he have been so wrong, he asked himself.  He had come to believe the Messiah would be black, and there wouldn't be any whites involved, but somehow he knew this woman was a key.  He just wasn't sure how.  He knew she was afraid, and for some reason, he could tell she was oblivious to her own involvement in the coming of the Messiah.  He could feel a power emanating from her.  It was a power she wasn't aware of yet.  If she knew about it, he doubted they would be able to hold her here.  He stared at the bed and noted it was dry.  He knew his men hadn't let her up to relieve herself.  She was strong.  She held her urine even though she had been here for hours.  Although, she feigned sleep, he could sense her uncomfortable struggle to control her body, to retain her water.
“Soon.” Jamal barely whispered as he jerked on her restrains.  He smiled when she didn't move.  She had a strong reserve.  He ran his hand down her belly and touched her pubic hair.  She remained still, with her eyes closed.
Jamal took one more glance at her before he left the room.  He just didn't know what to think.  He felt confused.  There should be no whites involved.

As Jackie heard the door close, she let out her breath.  She knew he was gone; even before she opened her eyes she could sense he was no longer in the room.  Her eyes flew open and again she began to struggle futilely against her bonds.  What had he meant by “soon,” she thought.  Images of rape and slow torturous death raced through her mind.  The lingering feel of his touch against her made her belly convulse.  She had to fight back the nausea.  She swallowed to keep the bile down.
As she lay there she saw a movement outside the window.  A fleeting shadow.  At first she thought it was a distortion of light from some headlight as she tried to blink away her tears.  As her vision cleared she could see the image of a white man staring in.  Could he be part of these guys that kidnapped her, she thought.
Jackie watched him as he put his index finger to his lips, indicating that he wanted her to remain quiet.  She had a feeling she knew him, but the pale light through the window clouded his image with dark shadows, making his face almost sardonic.  More fear rose in her.  In a day where her fear had constantly ebbed and flowed, she hadn't thought she could become more frightened, but she had been wrong.
The man kept waving his hands.  She realized he was trying to convey to her to remain quiet.  His gestures were vague and unreadable, yet she had a sense that his thoughts or emotions were being relayed to her.
Bernie peered in at Jackie's naked, outstretched body.  Although he knew he had precious little time, he couldn't help but absorb her raw beauty.  He had followed the preacher man on the subway here to the lower West Village.
Bernie had waited downstairs for over thirty minutes, trying to figure out how to find out if the girl was in the building they entered.  Finally, he entered the vacant building next door, by passing through a half-boarded-over window.  It was evident the building was often used by vagrants or crack-heads.  Slowly he had managed to move through the darkness of the house, which was barely lit by the street lights.
He found the steps and worked his way upward.  On the second level he went into one of the rooms which faced the building where the kidnappers were.  The buildings were not far apart, and he looked up to the next floor where he could see the glare of a dangling light.
On the third floor he located a room across from the one in which he had seen the light.  The buildings were approximately four feet apart.  From that window he saw the outline of the girl tied naked to an old poster bed.  The space between the two buildings was close enough to jump, but the ledge wasn't wide enough for him to land on.  He had searched several rooms trying to find a board to use as a bridge.  He finally located a discarded cupboard and as quietly as possible, moved it to bridge the gap.
He had started across his makeshift bridge when a man had entered her room; and he quickly backed back into the building.  When the man left, he started across, and got the woman's attention in hopes she wouldn't cry out.
Bernie felt fortunate the window was opened a crack.  Most of these old buildings were not air-conditioned and eventually the tenant would open the windows―even when they had to break through several layers of paint.
“Shh! don't talk.” Bernie barely whispered.  He moved quietly untying her.  Although she was naked, he had too much adrenaline fear pumping to pay it any meager attention.  He scanned the room for her clothes but found no evidence of them.  Cupping his hand toward him, he indicated for her to follow.
Bernie crossed the bridge first to show her how to creep across it.
“Here, put this on.  “ Bernie handed Jackie his shirt and helped her into the room.  “It won't cover much but it'll help.  We've got to move fast before they discover you're gone.”
Jackie inhaled deeply, stretching her sore limbs and rubbing her ankles and wrists.
“Uh, go in there for a second, I need to be alone,” she said to the strange man.
“We've got to get out of here!” Bernie protested in a whisper.
“I've got to pee!” She groaned as she gritted her teeth.
“Oh.”  Bernie responded and left her in the room.
After several minutes which seemed like an eternity, Jackie came into the dark hallway.
“Okay, I'm ready.” Jackie said looking around the dark hall for the man.
“Over here.” Bernie called and waved his arms around so she would see the motion.  “We're going down some rickety steps, so hold on to my shoulder.”
“Okay.” Jackie answered, placing her warm hand on Bernie's bare shoulder.  He hadn't worn a tee shirt and the feel of his skin surprised her.
They managed to work their way down to the window where Bernie had entered.
“We've got to get out of here and hide until we can figure out what to do now.” Bernie said, helping her out.
Jackie breathed a sigh of relief as she felt the night air against her.  She didn't care if she was almost totally naked; it felt great to be free.  But the man was right―they had to get away.
Bernie led the way, running down the street with Jackie following barefoot close behind.  His shirt tail barely reached her thigh.
When they were a block away Bernie quit running and turned to her.  Jackie became apprehensive and came to a dead stop several feet away.
“You can't exactly travel very far like that.” Bernie said.  “There are not many people out on the street in this area, but the ones that are out we don't need to run into.  Let's go a couple of blocks over and see if we can find a place to hide you.  I'll see if I can find you a little more to wear.”
The street light glare bounced brazen images as she nodded in agreement.
They traveled a couple of blocks and then made a left.  Bernie stopped and pointed at a set of stairs which led down toward someone's basement.
“Down there.” He pointed and led the way down the concrete steps back into darkness.
They spent several minutes catching their breath.
“I'm going now and try to find you some clothes.  Wait here.”
“Wait,” Jackie began, “I just wanted to….”
“We can talk soon as we get out of this area.  Soon as they find you gone they're going to be out on the street hunting you.  Right now I'm going to find something else for you to wear, so we can get on a subway and get the hell out of here.”
Jackie watched the man's silhouette as he bounded up the stairs.  She couldn't figure it out, but he seemed familiar, even though she hadn't got a good look at his face yet.
Who was this man? She didn't know who, but she felt thankful, although she quickly told herself she could be moving from one group of crazies to another.  She quickly dismissed the thought.  After all he had risked himself to help her and she didn't even know him—or, did she? Feeling a shiver in spite of the warm night air, she thought, at this point what other alternatives did she have?
Even if she could get to a phone and call the police, those other men might catch her before they arrive.  She would just have to wait and put her faith in this stranger.
As Bernie exited the alcove where they had been hiding, he spied a man coming down the street.  At first glance, Bernie thought it was one of the cult members; but then he saw what appeared to be a typical-looking indigent.  It was just another homeless in his long overcoat in the middle of summer.
What luck, Bernie told himself.  He reached into his pocket and pulled out the remains of the twenty he had earlier.  Quickly he determined how much they would need for subway fare and slid it back into his pocket.  He then separated a ten from the remaining amount and decided he would offer the bum ten bucks for his coat.  Most of these people would sell an overcoat in the middle of winter for a ten spot.  Even less, if it would buy them something to drink.
“Good afternoon sir.” Bernie began as he walked toward the man.  
“How do you do?” The man responded cordially and swayed slightly as he approached Bernie.
Bernie watched the man and decided it was more of a swagger than a sway.
Bernie was a little surprised by the clarity and quality of the man's voice.  He appeared to be Oriental or Polynesian, although of unusual height for that ancestry.  What was strange, now that Bernie thought about it: he had never seen a vagrant Oriental, not in New York.  They were too hard working for that, or their families were too close knit, perhaps.
As the man approached, Bernie noted he wasn't actually filthy, probably wasn't a vagrant after all.  It may be harder to get the coat than he had thought.
Bernie cleared his throat.  “I was wondering if you would possibly sell me your coat?”
“Sell?” The man's eyes widened.  “And how much are you offering me for it?”
“Ten dollars,” Bernie said hopefully.
“What do you need it for? I see you're running around without your shirt.  Did you lose it gambling―or get mugged?” He smiled at Bernie and added.  “I believe it is warm enough to travel without a shirt, though.  So why do you need my coat?”
“Well, it's a long story, but it's not for me; it's for my girlfriend, she sort of lost her clothes.” Bernie exaggerated, hoping the man would respond.
“Girl friend?  I don't see this girl friend?”
“She's hiding.  Would you please sell me your coat?” Bernie pleaded, knowing he was wasting valuable time.  “I haven't got much time.  There are these guys after us, and they are liable to locate us anytime.”
“No, I won't sell it to you—but I will loan it to you.  “
Slightly confused, Bernie said.  “How can I find you to return it?”
“I'll go with you.  I have nothing better to do.”
Bernie paused, running this through his mind.  The guy looked harmless enough, and they were running out of time.
“Okay,” Bernie agreed, “here's the money.”
“Keep your money.  Believe me, I'm not in need of it, but thank you anyway,” the man said, shaking his head and then taking off the long overcoat.
He handed it to Bernie.  “Don't worry, no lice, I promise.”
Bernie nodded at him and headed back to Jackie with the coat.
Jackie crouched down as she heard his footsteps begin to descend.
“Hello,” Bernie called.  “Jackie?”
“I'm here,” she responded.
She stood up and accepted the coat he was offering.  Even in the dark he was acting like a gentleman, for he had turned his back so she could slip it on.  She removed his shirt and put the coat on.  Jackie wondered how he knew her name.  She had no money, so she resigned herself to listening to this stranger.
“How did you know my name?”  Jackie asked.
“Uh, well,” Bernie grinned in the dark.  “I'm the one who bumped into you on the sidewalk up on 42nd Street.  And I guess I followed you to the USO this morning, and saw those guys grab you.  So I went into the USO and asked a bunch of questions.  The girl there has a big mouth.”
“You’re a stalker?”  Jackie paused.  “Thank goodness, and thank you.”
“We've got to get out of here,” Bernie interrupted her.
“Okay, lead on.  What's your name?”
“Bernie Goldfarb.” He offered his hand out into the darkness, and felt her warm hand clasp his in response.
“I guess you already know me then.  Let's go.” Jackie said.
“We've going to have a little company going with us.” Bernie explained.  “I had to borrow the coat.  The guy didn't want to sell it but he said he would go with us to wherever we were going.  Uh, Jackie?”
“Yes.”
“I thought we should go to my apartment.  We will be safe there.”
“Okay.”  Jackie agreed softly.
As they walked back up the concrete steps, Bernie greeted the man waiting there for them.
“Hi.  We're ready.  I'm Bernie and this is Jackie.”
“Call me Zolar.” The man offered his hand out and shook Bernie's and then Jackie's.
“I don't mean to be rude,” Bernie said, “or unappreciative, but we have these guys chasing us and we've got to get the hell out of here fast.  Do you know where the nearest train to Brooklyn is from here?”
“No problem.  I have a car in a garage a half a block from here,” Zolar offered.  “I'll be glad to take you.  Follow me.”
Bernie and Jackie turned to glance at each other in blank astonishment.  He didn't look like he had a dime to his name―yet he had a car.  They couldn't believe their luck.  They fell in behind him.
“I'm familiar with Brooklyn a little, so where do you want to go?” Zolar asked them as he unlocked the four-door luxury car.
Bernie glanced down at the decal on the back and noted it was a rental car.  Again Bernie exchanged glances with Jackie.  It was as if their ordeal of this day had made them old acquaintances.  Bernie told Zolar his address, opened the rear door for Jackie and then got into the front seat with Zolar.  He wanted to ride in back, but felt Jackie would probably be a little more comfortable alone, since she had nothing on but the coat.
As Zolar pulled out of the garage he gritted his teeth and whispered.  “There's a couple of black guys moving around the corner ahead, as if they're searching for someone.  You better duck down.”
The two men scrutinized the car as Zolar drove past them.
“We're out of sight now, you can get up,” he told them.
They sat up looking around.
Zolar looked at the digital clock on the dash board.  “Listen, I will explain this in a few minutes; but right at this moment we have to pull over and park.  Please trust me.  I know you don't know me, but you soon will.”
Zolar whipped the car over to a curb and came to a complete stop.
Bernie was ready to dart from the car, and already had the handle of the car door pulled.  Jackie sat in the back seat just wondering to herself, now what?

***

Azid opened the door of the room where they had been holding Jackie prisoner to get her ready for the awakening.  He was startled to find her gone.  His first reaction was to run to the window, where he discovered the makeshift bridge.
“Oh shit,” he said aloud.  “Jamal's going to go berserk.”
He ran from the room to find Jamal.  “Jamal, the bitch is gone.”
“What?  How the hell did she get by us?”
“I don't know.  It looks like someone helped her go through the window.  They crossed over and went out through the house next door.”
Jamal stood up.  His fists were balled and a vein stood out in his forehead.
“I want you to get everybody out on the street and find them!” he ordered vehemently.
Azid spun around and started calling everyone, telling them to find a white girl who would probably be running around without any clothes.  He told them she was probably with somebody, but he didn't know who.


II.  THE FIRST CHAKRA
MANIPURA THE SOLAR PLEXUS

The Solar Plexus in the center of the body brings forth the crude energy of life's beginning.  Perhaps, you the disciple on the road to higher learning, have used the term 'gut feeling'.  This is but the low animalistic beginning of self awareness.  As the umbilical closed to contain your essence and begin your life, so shall be the gateway for the disciple to enter at the door.  When that which once was, is remembered, then the new body to the next plane shall be born.
THE DOCTRINE OF THE CHAKRA CENTERS by Tawadin Djwahan

CHAPTER  9

“Now the main thing is to enjoy being close to her.” Billy leaned back in his chair and explained to John.  “Let yourself feel like a magnet; you're being drawn to her, and she to you.  Most important, be patient.  As you're holding her continue to kiss her, ever so gently.  Cherish her, feel your desire mingle with hers.  Forget yourself and let her know she is all that is important.  If she wants you to stop she will let you know.  Now, hopefully, you will feel her nipples become erect—and by this time, so will you.”
Billy leaned further back in his chair, paused and watched John's expression for a moment.  He still wasn't sure about this man, but as he sat explaining it he felt himself becoming aroused.  Surely this wasn't queer, he thought to himself, although it had an unusual feeling about it.  He shook the thought away.  This man had been sincere when he had explained he was a virgin.
“Now picture this girl you will see tomorrow in your mind,” Billy, said noticing by the bulge in John's pants that he, like himself, was aroused.
Sweat began to bead on Billy's forehead.  He felt he should stop because of the unnatural feeling of the situation, but he continued.
“Billy,” John interrupted, “I really do feel desire for her.  I can picture her in my mind.  I―I don't know what's happening.  I feel strange.”
Billy felt it too: as if he was ready to climax, and he hadn't even touched himself.  Yet he was on the brink.  His own body began to shudder.  Billy's mind flashed back to the first time he had ever jacked himself off.  That first climax had cramped the muscles in his stomach, and he thought he was going to die.  It had hurt so bad it scared him, but yet through the pain, there was a small amount of hidden pleasure.  But it had been the pain he felt the most, and it had kept him from masturbating for quite a while.
Billy groaned out loud, and saw John was having a similar experience.  His body began to tremble and the pain in his stomach was starting to increase.
John felt as if his stomach was going to drop out.  Was this what an orgasm felt like? He felt himself doubling over in pain.  Around his navel he felt the muscles began to ebb and tide in contractions, and then suddenly felt himself climaxing.  He screamed out in agony.  He felt a stab of pain pierce his gut.  He gasped for breath.
John closed his eyes and then opened them.  Through the pain, he saw Billy responding to pain.  His mind flashed: maybe they had been poisoned.  But yet he felt the sticky emission being shot out into his underwear.
The room began to fade, and John felt a pulsation in his umbilical region.  Like the orgasm, it was a constant ebb and tide, throbbing, and then he was in blackness.
He felt as if his entrails were spilling out into a vast nothingness.  As his body took hold of his mind John felt himself falling.  He had no visual perception, yet he was at the edge of an abyss.  A great nothingness before him.  He felt as if his abdomen were being ripped away from him and cast into the void.  Then the throbbing ceased, being replaced by a vacant desire that he could not comprehend.  A ravenous hunger.  Agony tore at his stomach; his lungs burst into flames.  His entire lower body from his rib cage to his groin was ripped away and was being expelled downward.  An automatic mechanism took control and the emptiness which he lost, he now craved to fill.  He had to replace the vacuum.  He began to breathe in, as if his mouth was eating the very substance of life.  He felt his mouth consuming everything possible.
A fibroblastic fire engulfed his lungs.  His oral intake became greater than his capacity to contain it and he suddenly regurgitated all he had consumed.  At the expulsion he once again felt the need to intake; slowly he repeated this process, and the burning eased.
The upper region eased its fire but the lower remained empty and needed to be filled.  It was another ache he needed to soothe, a great hunger.  Again he sought to satisfy the void and he did satisfy it.
He felt like both, the mother and the child, the creator and the created; but the strangest was, he was the destroyer and the destroyed.
As John's vision began to return he felt the drips of blood where he had bit his inner lip and jaw.  He had literally sucked the blood of life from his own flesh.  His mind revolted.  He became nauseous.  Looking down at his body, he felt as if he had eaten of his own self.
He felt the drops of semen on his belly beneath his pants, and was awed at the life that lay destroyed there; that semen would never serve its purpose.  An image of standing on a cliff came to his mind.  He was standing there throwing body parts over, piece by piece.  As if his very life energy was being cast away, to be lost for all of eternity.
“That which lay withered and dying would not create.” He suddenly heard the words in his head.
“The greatest of creations is life, and when man's seed falls on an empty womb, like the seed thrown on barren soil, is the beginning of the end of creation.”
John looked up at Billy, who was sitting watching him.
Billy sat there, staring blankly, and did not speak.  Billy felt as if he had been sleeping all of his life and had suddenly woke up.  He now had an awareness greater than John's; now he knew who John was.  He had seen what was taking place within John, and the knowledge Billy had was a vague foreboding of what was to come.


CHAPTER  10

The Reverend Thomas Lamb had been kneeling on the wooden floor of the cheap hotel.  At midnight his words began as he prayed aloud and he immediately felt joined to some force.  It was exhilarating, yet frightening as well.  As he doggedly repeated his prayers, bizarre images and sensations kept invading his thoughts.  His mind was being pulled away into a strange place.  He fell into a dream in which, as though through another's eyes and mind, he witnessed the opening of the umbilical center.
As he regained consciousness and control of his body, he trembled in fear.  He felt as if the Anti-Christ had touched his very soul, had pulled him into the ghastly ordeal.
When he had returned fully to his own body, he tried to continue the prayer.
“Our Father,” he began, feeling images flash through his mind.  His thoughts were traveling the micro-connectors of his brain at the speed of light: a light which seemed to burst forth, illuminating his mind.
“Our Father?” his mind asked.  That which was the genetic codes that brought him here.  All of his forefathers' and mothers' minds seemed to open and align him with an awareness of who they were.  All was passed forward through the crudeness of the human flesh.  Each ancestor's physical remnant was like a garment which had been used and discarded, bringing forth the seed that brought him to where he was.
Thomas felt weak in his struggle to continue his prayer.
“Who art in heaven,” he barely whispered.  Suddenly, as if a great command had been spoken, he wondered where “heaven” was.  Had not Christ come from heaven, lived, died and returned to heaven? Then where was this kingdom that had many rooms? For it was true; if it were not, Christ would not have said it.  But what is this room of which he spoke? He pondered this, as he slumped over in the hotel.  A room with peeling walls, greased with the smoke and grime of previous tenants.  His head fell onto the mattress stained with countless carnal odors.  The stench of the sins of humans burned into his brain.  He knew this room kept him separate from the other lives of those in the city.  This room felt vile and putrid, much like the earth itself.
He struggled to continue his prayer.  “Hallowed be thy name.”
He fell into unconsciousness again when his mind asked what is God's name?


CHAPTER  11

In the lower West Village, Jamal glanced at his watch as the pain he had felt eased.
He had been standing on the staircase when the pain hit him.  It had doubled him over and he had felt his stomach to see if he had been shot.  When he came to he was collapsed on the stairs.
“Damn!” he cursed.  The Messiah was here in New York.  He felt him.  He also felt someone with him, someone, whose name was Billy.  He thought quietly for several minutes, trying to regain his own sanity.  He had been touched by whatever had happened, and he had seen something he didn't understand.
He knew the other person's name, the name “Billy,” but he did not know who the Messiah was.  He knew this Billy was with the Messiah.
What had the vision been? And why had they experienced so much pain?  As if he had exploded into pieces and was floating away?
Jamal struggled to stand and had managed to gain his equilibrium just as Azid returned.
“Jamal, we can't find her.  Jamal–what's wrong with you?” He shouted the alarm, rushing to help Jamal and led him back up to the apartment.
“I'm okay now.” Jamal protested but accepted his friend's assistance.  “I've seen him, Azid.  I've seen the Messiah.”
“Where is he?”
“He's here in New York.  But I was wrong, dead wrong.” Jamal shook his head.  “He's not black, I can tell by what just happened to me.  I can sense him.  He's not black.”
“What are you saying? He was supposed to be black?” Azid asked as he helped Jamal into a kitchen chair.
“I don't know, but I think we're going to have to kill him.” Jamal paused and looked at his friend.  “Azid go call off the hunt for the white girl.”
Azid nodded and left Jamal there alone.  As he left, he didn't think it was possible his friend could have been so wrong.  Jamal knew everything; how could he have been wrong? Jamal had a gift.  Azid had been with him longer than anyone and he knew Jamal had powers.  Was it possible for them to kill the Messiah, no matter what color he was? Was it possible? If Jamal said they had to, well, he guessed that was exactly what they had to do.


CHAPTER  12

Morgan lay in her hotel bed, smiling.  She had been thinking about her meeting with John Fleuric that day.  She had a date scheduled with him and the anxiety had kept her mind active.  All of her life her parents had prepared her for the conjugal vestures he would bestow upon her.  She kept telling herself it was an honor.
When the pain hit, she knew the openings of the centers had begun.  She hadn't realized how painful the first opening would be.  Her mind had opened and she had felt linked to the first center, the one called Billy.  She wondered who this Billy was, but felt sure she would meet him soon.
She fretted a little, but she told herself she shouldn't.  Her father had explained everything.  She was actually a substitute for one of the seven centers.  The original center who had been destined to be John's first sexual liaison had gone mad.  Her father had explained it all to her, but she still felt cheated out of her teenage years.  She had fallen in love when she was a teenager, but when the boy had kept pressuring her for sex, she had been required to break it off: she had to save herself for John.
When the center opened, she had been overwhelmed by the connective link she had experienced with her ancestors.
Morgan hugged the other pillow in the bed, wishing it were John.  She sighed happily, knowing soon she would experience that mystical communion shared between man and woman.


CHAPTER  13

In the remnants of the burned-out South Ferry terminal to Staten Island, a bum lay doubled over in pain on the cool concrete floor.  He had vomited all over himself, and the smell of urine and alcohol permeated the air around him.
People walked by him, some occasionally glancing down in disgust or pity.  His eyes were closed tight.  When the pain from the opening eased, he began to wake up.
“Dear God,” he thought, “it's begun.” Flashes of memories pounded his mind, as he realized where he was and how he had come to be there.
The past two years of his life had been lost.  He had been living like a vagrant that long, but now, with the awakening, he remembered at last who he was.
He tried to struggle to his feet, but was still too drunk to accomplish it.  He collapsed back down and decided to try to sleep; for with the light of day, he must return to the world of the living.

CHAPTER  14

In the front seat of Zolar's car, Bernie managed to straighten up to a sitting position.  His hands were still clutching his stomach from the pain he had experienced.
“What the hell was that?”  He moaned.
Jackie, in the back seat, heard him and also managed to sit up.  She felt as if she had been stabbed; her temples were throbbing.
“It's the beginning,” Zolar muttered, holding on to the steering wheel for balance.  “This is going to be difficult.” Zolar paused and looked at Bernie, then turned to see how Jackie was.  “But after what we have just experienced, I hope it will be easier to grasp.  That was the opening of a chakra.”
“A chakra?” Bernie repeated.  “What the hell's that?”
Zolar shrugged, trying to locate a point to begin.  “Although I wasn't born in Tibet, my mother was, and her parents before her.  The Tibetans teach that in the body there are seven energy centers, corresponding to organs in the body.  What we just experienced was the opening of the first chakra center of the coming Avatar.  The Avatar is a man of destiny, a man who has been born and he is only now coming awake.  His awakening is through the opening of these chakra centers.  What we just experienced was the opening of the Solar Plexus Chakra.”
“But why are we involved? Why did we experience it?” Bernie interjected, and then pointed his finger at Zolar.  “Did you somehow drug us?”
“No, I wish it were that simple.” Zolar shook his head.  “I wish it truly were that simple, but please just try to bear with me for a moment, and I'll try to explain.  You and Jackie are both chakra centers, just like I am.  Because I have been trained to some extent by the Tibetans, I was able to find you, using a form of telepathy, or rather, more like empathy.  I could feel you.  I went out tonight, trying to home in on your particular vibrations.  Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.  One thing which helped me is that whatever centers we are, the three of us are connected―much more closely than the other four centers.  That's why I was on the street when you ran into me.  I could sense you.”
Zolar paused, giving them a few minutes to think about what he had said as he tried to choose what he would say next.  He started the car and flicked on the air conditioner.
“Next week is my birthday, but Bernie, it's your birthday and it's Jackie's, too.  We were all born on the first of July along with five others.”
“Wait a minute―you said there were seven centers―that's eight,” Bernie objected.
“That's right.  Seven centers, and the Avatar himself: that's eight.”
“What's an Avatar?” Jackie leaned over the seat resting her elbows.
“He's the new Messiah,” Zolar explained.  “Next week we will all be thirty; that is when the Avatar will be fully awakened.  What we experienced tonight is the beginning of that opening, and there are six more centers to open.” Zolar rubbed at his stomach.  “Although I don't think the other openings will be as painful.  This first one corresponds to the Solar Plexus or umbilical cord; similar to a mother attached to her child.  Like I was saying, the Messiah is awakening.  The best my teachers could learn is that there were originally seven centers born, but two of them have been replaced.  The first two apparently died.  The one we just experienced was a substitute.  I don't know about you but I couldn't identify who the Avatar is, but I did get the name of “Billy”.”
“Yeah, Billy!” Jackie repeated.  “I heard his name and he felt familiar to me.”
“The chakra centers in the body are energy sources.  We are the keys that open the centers in the Avatar.” Zolar turned to look at Jackie, and felt her breath against his cheek.
“Hold on bub,” Bernie protested.  “This is craziness.  I'm Jewish, and, well, no offense, but we don't go for any of that.  We're still waiting for the Messiah.”
“Religion has nothing to do with it.  Although you will find this correlates with your own religion.  You just said that your faith is expecting the Messiah.  And the Christians are expecting the Christ to return.  Although, the Christians may view this; not as the Christ but as the Anti-Christ.”
“Anti-Christ!” Jackie's mouth dropped open.  “Hey, I'm not doing anything that has anything to do with the Anti-Christ.  This is crazy!”
“Listen, I was able to find you because we are linked.  Just like we were linked to the opening of the Solar Plexus; the one we just experienced.  I'm afraid even if we object we are still bound together; we will have no choice.  I know this is too much to grasp at once; it took me a long time of study and I still don't understand it, “ Zolar said calmly, trying to soothe Jackie's worries.  He understood how she felt.
“But the Anti-Christ? This just isn't making any sense.  We were taught the Anti-Christ was evil.  The ultimate evil! The way you make it sound, he's here to save the world.” Jackie sat back in the car seat and rolled her neck.  This had been the wildest day she had ever experienced.
“I tell you what,” Zolar said as he put the car in gear.  “Let's go to Bernie's and not talk about it anymore at the moment.  Okay?”
“Okay,” Jackie and Bernie agreed.  They sat back and watched the city lights zip past them.
After a short time Zolar pulled into a parking space on the street.
“Is that your apartment building, Bernie?” Zolar pointed.
“Yeah, let's go in and try to make some sense of this.”
“We were lucky to find a parking spot so close at this time of night,” Zolar said as they got out of the car and headed into the apartment.
“Well, that's one you got right.”  Bernie said.
Bernie unlocked the door to his apartment and led them in.  Although he had very little furniture, the area was immaculate.
Bernie hung his apartment keys on a hook near the door.  “Make yourselves comfortable.  Matter of fact, I don't know about you guys, but I need a good stiff drink; if you want one too, help yourselves.”
“I'll fix them,” Zolar offered.  “Jackie?”
“Please.” Jackie said and looked at Bernie.  “Do you have Scotch?”
“Yeah, I have just about anything you want.  Including me.” Bernie said lightly.
“A drink will do.  How about Scotch and water?  Light on the water.” Jackie said, and then added to Zolar, “If you're sure you don't mind?”
“Make it two, unless you mind?”  Bernie grinned.  
“Make it three.”  Zolar smiled back.
“Thanks.  Jackie, while Zolar's fixing us a drink why don't you come with me and see what we can find for you to put on?”
Jackie followed Bernie into his bedroom.  After several minutes, Bernie returned.
“We found some sweat pants and a jacket she can wear.  She'll be out in a few minutes.” He walked over to the bar and stared down at the inviting glasses.  “Is one of these mine?”
“Either one.” Zolar said from the recliner, where he leaned back and sipped at his drink.
Bernie grabbed the drink, sat down in his other recliner and began to nurse it.  They sat there several minutes without speaking.
“There, I feel more human.” Jackie said as she came in, wearing Bernie’s well-worn work-out suit.  “I guess that's my drink.” She walked over to the bar and then sat down on the couch between the two men.  “You have a nice apartment, Bernie.”
“Thanks.  I'm not much on decorating but I try to keep things clean.”
They all sat there clinking ice around in their glasses.  It was almost as if they were trying to avoid the whole subject that was foremost on their minds… the experience of the day.  Bernie broke the silence.  “How did you say you found us?”
“As I said earlier, we are all connected.  I have had a little training so that I know that whatever center I am, I seem to be connected to the two of you more than the others.  I headed out on the street and just sort of let myself feel around for you.”
“You said that guy man who kidnapped Jackie was involved.  Do you think he's one of the centers?”
“I don't know, but I can speculate that he sensed there was something about Jackie that was special.  I don't think it was a random abduction.”
“I know what I would do with her, if I had her tied up naked.”  Bernie said, more to Jackie than to Zolar.  His eyes sparkled a smile of desire.  Jackie felt a rush of warmth travel up her neck and settle in her cheeks.
Then Bernie looked back to Zolar and knitted his brows.  “But to be serious, I wouldn't have put it past him to have killed her.  At least after they had used her.”
He paused and saw Jackie shudder slightly.  “You're safe now.” He tried to reassure her.  “But if you had heard them I think you would have come to the same conclusion.  I heard him preaching uptown and he kept talking about the coming of the black Messiah.  His whole group is belligerent towards whites.  Do you think that's the truth?  Is the Messiah black?”
“I can't answer that one either, but by this time next week we should all know.” Zolar set his drink down and reached down to untie his shoe.  “Mind if I take off my shoes?”
“No.  Like I said, make yourself comfortable,” Bernie answered.  “We're all strangers here, but you know, I don't feel threatened by you.  And I certainly don't feel threatened by Jackie.  If anything, she's probably afraid of both of us.”
Jackie sat, silent a moment as the two men turned for her response.  She held her drink with both hands to keep them from shaking.  They hadn't stopped shaking since her initial rush of fear adrenaline had subsided after she felt safe in Zolar's car.  She thought about what Bernie said, and realized she didn't fear these men: Strangely, enough she trusted; beyond that, there was a shared familiarity.  
She gave them a half-hearted smile and said softly, “I, I don't know why, but I feel safe with you.  First of all, Bernie, I want you to know how much I appreciate you saving me tonight.  What you did―risking yourself like that and you didn't even know me―it was the bravest thing and the most noble thing anyone has ever done for me.” She gazed into Bernie's eyes and added with a faint grin, “I don't care what your motives might have been, I want to thank you.”
Bernie looked away nervously, gratitude embarrassed him.
Jackie turned to Zolar, looking intensely into his eyes in turn.  “I don't know where you came from, and how you found us, but I want to thank you for being there at the right time and helping us.  Truthfully,” she shrugged her shoulders slightly, “I find what you're saying hard to believe.  The fact that you knew when my birthday is, was a little of a shock.  Although in today's world of electronic information, facts like that could be easily found out.  I just can't think of any motive for a story like that.  But even though what you have told us sounds incredible, for some reason I can't fathom, I do believe you.”
“Thank you.”  Zolar said.
Jackie stretched and yawned, placing her hand over her mouth.  Shortly after, the yawn desire hit Bernie and he yawned, also.  Zolar's eyes twinkled as he watched them, tried to fight his own yawn, and felt one catch in his throat.
“I don't know about you guys, but I'm ready for some sleep.” Jackie rolled her head, trying to work out some of the kinks.
“Me too.” Bernie said.  “But just one thing before we sleep.  Zolar, you said there are seven―what did you call them? Chakra centers?”
Zolar nodded.
“Chakra centers.” Bernie repeated.  “You said there were seven that correspond to organs in the body.  What are these centers and what organs do they relate to?”
“The one we just experienced is the Solar Plexus, the umbilical and navel area.  Then you have what I call the Sex Center.  Then the Spleen Center, the Heart Center, the Throat or Voice Center which is actually connected to the thymus gland, and you have two in the head: The pineal gland, which you often hear called the 'third eye,' and is considered to be the Intellectual or Intuition Center.  Then the last center is in the crown of the head, the pituitary or “Spiritual” Center.  They actually have Sanskrit names, but basically that is what they really are.”
“I see.” Bernie nodded.  “Well, actually I don't see, but I was just wondering.” He started to ask another question, but stopped himself when Jackie yawned again.
“I guess we'd better get some sleep,” Bernie said as he stood and headed toward the bedroom.  “I'll get some blankets and pillows.  Jackie, you can sleep on the sofa and Zolar and I will each take a recliner.  I think we should stay in the same room, just in case those men followed us.  Unless you object—then you can have the bedroom to yourself.”
“Thank you.  I feel safer with you guys close.  The couch is fine.”
“It's settled then.  I'll get the blankets.”


CHAPTER  15

Michael O'Malley awoke on the concrete floor of the South Ferry Terminal.  He stared up at the cop kicking at his foot and telling him to move along.  He groaned; his body ached from the coolness of his hard bed.  Slowly his mind cleared somewhat, as he remembered his early-hour awakening.  The remains of alcohol still blurred his thoughts.
After he managed to stand, the cop walked away.  Michael looked down at himself and was shocked at his filthy condition.  He picked up a newspaper lying on a bench and read the date.
Two years! He had been living like this for almost two years.  He couldn't believe it.  He must have had amnesia―and then in a flash he remembered that he had been in a plane that was going to crash.
Images of his previous life began to flood in and he realized what had happened.  For over two years, he had been living on the streets of Manhattan, because he couldn't remember who he was.
He half-staggered out of the terminal and made his way the short distance to Battery Park.  He scanned the area and located a tree where he had been hiding money.
He felt as if he were in shock, overwhelmed by disbelief that he had lost two years.  The time he had spent freezing, going hungry; how strange he had felt when he had the compulsion to hide money.  He had even gone hungry for days on end, but had never touched the money he put away.  During that time, when he couldn't remember anything about who he was, from somewhere down deep came a compulsion, almost an addiction to put away money.
He knelt and dug with his hands, and pulled out an old jar with a wad of money stashed in it.
Stumbling his way to the public restroom, he began washing himself and trying to sort out what he had to do.
He knew he had to buy some clothes, and then try to locate the others.  After his sparse washing, he left and made his way uptown.
Even though his mind was groggy, he relaxed, allowing his sensors to reach out to the others.  Most of the morning, he wandered the streets, trying to feel them.
 
Hours later, he came to the Castleton Hotel near Madison Square Garden.  One of them was here.  He could feel someone.  He eased his mind and allowed his nervous system to extend beyond his immediate body; he felt the source of the energy being emitted.  The person wasn't there now.  He could sense it.
He knew the hotel people would give him problems because of his present appearance.  He figured he must stink, too, although his sense of smell must have become numb to it.  Just looking at the stains from the vomit he had unsuccessfully tried to wipe off, made him want to gag.
He pulled the wad of money from his pocket, went into the hotel and walked up to the desk clerk.
“I would like a room until the second of July,” Michael O'Malley said, flashing the roll of bills.
The clerk looked up at Michael and curled his lip.  He leaned backward, trying to get out of range of the stench.
“I'm sorry,” he said “but we're filled up right now.”  He fluttered his hand in a point and said, “You might want to try the Hotel Monte up the street.”  He looked far from sorry as he turned his back on Michael.
Michael wasn't about to leave.  He knew the man was lying, and he didn't need his sensors to tell it.  Michael had spent his entire life before his amnesia living in luxury, and knew how to handle servants.
“Listen, I happen to know you are not booked,” he lied.  “And my appearance may well be offensive; but you will rent me a room!”
Michael reached out with his mind to touch the other man's mind.  The clerk stiffened as he turned back around and looked into Michael's eyes.  He pulled at his collar to ease the sudden tightness he was feeling, and finally shrugged.
The man punched at his computer a moment, and then, facing Michael, raised one eyebrow in disdain.  “Very well, I seem to have one room.  It will cost you this much.” He wrote the amount on a piece of paper, pushed it with one finger toward Michael and jerked his hand away.
He thinks I don't have the money, Michael thought.  He peeled off the sum and shoved it across the counter.
The clerk took the money carefully, as if it were diseased, and printed out a receipt.  He then shoved Michael's change, with the receipt and the room card key, back across the counter.
“That will be room 224.  There are stairs over there.”
“What? No elevator? Or are you afraid I will contaminate your other guests?” Michael looked down at the clerk's name tag and read Rudy.
“My good man, is your name pronounced 'rude,' like your attitude, or is it 'Rudy' like your fucking complexion?”
The man huffed, as Michael chuckling to himself, turned and walked off.
Once he was out of sight of the desk, Michael went up the steps anyway; he really didn't want to offend anyone, unless they provoked him first.  He paused in front of room 226 for a moment.  He could feel that one of the other centers had been here, but was not there now.  He pulled the bag he was carrying close to him and unlocked his room next door.
He tried the connecting door to the other room but it was locked.  That would be no problem though, he thought.
Michael dumped the contents of his bag on the bed and unfolded his newly purchased clothes―clothes at least good enough to allow him to go into a better store to buy more suitable ones.
Michael stripped off his filthy clothing and quickly shoved it into the empty bag for disposal.  After laboriously shaving his bedraggled beard, he climbed into the shower.  He spent nearly thirty minutes scrubbing his self.  When he had finished he had used up all of the complimentary hotel soap.
He wiped the steam off the full-length mirror as he stood and dried himself.  He had forgotten what he looked like under all the grime.  He stared at the wear and tear on his body the past two years had inflicted.  His shaggy red hair reached to his collar.  Although it no longer was the carrot color of his youth, he was pleased it still held some luster.  He couldn't believe two years of self-neglect had aged him at least five years; he looked almost thirty-five.  His skin was pale from lack of sun, with red patches caused by nutritional neglect, alcohol abuse and the vigorous scrubbing he had just done.  His muscles were still taut in spite of all that; it must be all the walking, he thought.
Michael slipped into new slacks—as yet he hadn't bought underwear―and pulled on a new pullover.  His clean feet cringed when he slipped back into the old shoes—the only shoes he had and he left the hotel.
Michael returned several hours later with bundles of clothes and shoes.  He was wearing a new suit, which had been altered to fit him while he visited a nearby salon for a haircut, facial and manicure.  He had bought enough clothes to last until he could visit one of his houses to replenish his supply.
“Good afternoon, I'm in room 224,” Michael said as he approached the desk clerk.  “Could you send up some more of your shampoo?”
Rudy looked up into Michael's coal-black eyes and automatically smiled.  As he stared at him, his smile faded when he began to realize this must be the bum who had checked in earlier.  His jaw almost dropped from surprise.
“Certainly, sir,” he answered, quickly reconstructing his smile.
“By the way, you never did tell me how to pronounce your name,” Michael said pointedly.
“I'm so sorry about earlier.  You were right the first time.  It's pronounced like rude, Rudy, like my attitude,” Rudy said, as he made a note and needlessly shuffled items on the counter, allowing his hand to brush against Michael's newly manicured hand.
Michael's eyes narrowed slightly as he stared at Rudy.  The man shivered involuntarily and jerked his hand away when he felt a brief stab of pain run through his body.
His eyes widened and he blinked several times as he watched Michael turn to walk away.
“Thank you.” Michael said over his shoulder.  Well, he thought, I guess I meet his approval after all.  He smiled smugly to himself and felt the clerk watching him as he walked toward the elevator.
Back in his room, Michael hung up his newly acquired items and put away his socks and underwear.  He hummed to himself as he decided how to go about his search for the others.  As he left the hotel, he allowed his sensors to again reach out to feel for any of the other centers, to follow their invisible trail.


CHAPTER  16

Jackie awoke with a start from a bad dream of being chased.  It took her a few seconds to realize where she was.  She looked over at Bernie who was still sleeping in one of the recliners.  His jaw drooped, his face was relaxed, almost childlike.  She thought he looked charmingly vulnerable, all bunched up like that.
She sniffed; the aroma of coffee and bacon permeated the air.  Her stomach protested loudly about having been neglected yesterday.  Bacon? Bernie must not be kosher, she thought, as she wiped the sleep from her eyes.
Zolar must have made himself at home and was busy fixing them breakfast.  How nice he is, she thought―but then maybe a little bit strange, too.  Breakfast-it was more like brunch, Jackie realized, glancing at her watch; it was almost eleven.  Thank goodness she didn't have duty today.  They had sat up until almost four talking.  It all still seemed like a dream to her.  In the bathroom she washed her face and frowned as she stared at her hair, lying flat and lifeless.  She picked up a brush from the back of the commode and wrestled several minutes trying to give it life.  Finally she gave up the battle; it had a mind of its own.  She laid the brush back down, then picked it up, plucked out the hair and flushed it.  Bernie was meticulous and wouldn't appreciate her hair tangled up in his brush.  She shook her head.  The man was so clean he must be at least borderline anal retentive.
“Good morning,” Zolar said quietly to her as she came out.  “I thought I heard someone up.”
He had set the table with eggs, bacon, orange juice, and toast, and was sipping on a cup of coffee.
“Good morning,” she returned, eying his coffee.
“Caffeine's my biggest vice,” he smiled, watching her eye the cup.  “Want a cup?”
“Oh please, you better believe it.  I'm a low scale speed freak.  Most Coasties are.”
“Coast…?”
“I'm in the Coast Guard.”
“Cream and sugar.”
“I can get it,” she said, but Zolar was already pouring.  “Black thanks.  I guess we should wake him up.” Jackie glanced over at Bernie.
“Yeah, I guess we should.  Do you want the honors or you want me to do it? He looks like he's pretty zapped.”
“I will,” she said softly, with a smile.
Jackie walked over to about five feet from Bernie and called his name.  She didn't want to get too close.  In her years in the Coast Guard she had heard stories of people who woke up swinging their fists before they were completely conscious.
“Bernie.”  She repeated his name, melodiously.
He opened one eye and smiled.  “What a lovely sight to wake up to.  I could get used to this.” He eyed her dreamily.
Jackie felt herself blush but avoided his comment.  “Zolar has made some breakfast.”
He stretched and headed for the bathroom.  “You guys start.  I'll join you in a few.”
Jackie and Zolar sat down and Bernie joined them several minutes later.
He poured himself some coffee and took a sip.  “Ah! Just right.  Thanks, who cooked?”
“Zolar did; I burn water,” Jackie teased.
“Doesn't take much skill to cook bacon and eggs,” Zolar said.
“Well, Zolar, what's going to happen to us today?” Bernie asked.
“Come on guys, can't we have a few minutes without getting back into all that stuff?” Jackie protested.
“Jackie, he's right.  Time is what we have too little of.  We have to decide what we're going to do.”
“I'm sorry.  You're right.  It's just all to weird.  If I hadn't experienced that chakra, or whatever you called it, I wouldn't believe it.  You said each of us is a key which opens a center and when the final key is opened he, whoever he is, will have great power.  Is it power to control people?” She paused.  “Zolar, I just don't know about any of this.”
“With each opening he will gain more power.  This morning's opening actually begins his ability to influence people, not simply control, though.  You see, the Solar Plexus is analogous with the birth experience, or at least the break from the security of the womb.  Like an explosion of the universe.  When you are in bliss and then you're thrust into the void expanse of space.”
Zolar paused to let it settle in while he buttered a piece of toast.
“This morning he was born, “he continued, using the butter knife for punctuation.  “People who see him will be more aware of him than they are of everyone else, although they won't know why.  Unconsciously, they will recognize him as being truly alive.  It's like the difference between seeing someone on TV and then meeting them in person.  He will appear to be greater than other life energies around him.  Everyone else will seem like mere shadows of life while he is substance.”
“But you said the three of us are keys that will help to open these centers.” Bernie interrupted.  “Let me see if I've got it right.  There are seven centers.  We just experienced the opening of the Solar Plexus.  The next one is the Sex Center.” Bernie turned and raised his eyebrows at Jackie.
“Actually the center is at the base of the spine and works through the regeneration of life,” Zolar clarified.
“Okay, okay.  Let's call it the sex center, anyway.  That's the key that will open it, right? Sex?”
Zolar nodded.  “Right.  Then, next, you have the Spleen Center, which is the center that creates destructive forces.  It both destroys and creates.  It's sort of like an alternator on a car, or an amplifier on a stereo: It takes existing energy and transmutes it; since neither matter nor energy can be created or destroyed it only changes.  This opening will help him regulate these energies.  It is the seat of emotions also, particularly passion.” Zolar paused, not wanting to go into too much detail which would confuse them; besides they would learn soon enough.
“Then the heart?” Bernie asked.  “That's the love center.” He grinned at Jackie.
“I don't think that's where your love center is,” she cut back.
“Aren't you quick!” Bernie said, surprised.
“You probably are too.” She smiled at the look on his face.
“Come on, guys,” Zolar interrupted.  “Let's try to be a little serious.”
Bernie nodded in agreement, as did Jackie, while she wondered at how easy it was to talk with these two men she hardly knew.
“Okay, thanks, guys,” Zolar continued.  “The Heart Center is the maintainer of life.  It's the one that joins the emotions to the intellect.  It is the center of the centers, so to speak.  It joins all of the centers together to create the entire body of the Avatar.
“Next is the Throat Center, or thyroid area.  This communicates the will of the other centers, and sets them into action.  It takes the transmuted energy supplied by the Spleen Center and shapes it.  The thyroid works in conjunction with thymus; both lie in the anterior of the chest, near the voice box.  The thymus controls the total amount of energy just as it does in the body itself.  It also helps the immune system.  Who knows, this may be the key to defeating cancer, AIDS or any number of infectious diseases.  This center makes the sound, or sets the vibration pattern which shapes and builds the energy.”
“The next centers involve the pineal gland and the pituitary gland which are in the head.  The pineal gland is the eye, or the “third eye” as it is usually recognized.  It's the Intuition and Intellectual Center.”
“Finally, the pituitary center in the top of the head.  It is considered the soul center, or as I call it, the Spiritual Center.”
Zolar paused for a moment.  “I know this is pretty complicated, but it's not as confusing as you might think.”
“What about us?” Jackie quizzed.  “Which centers are we supposed to be the key to? Can't we just avoid all of this―hideout or something?”
“There's no way to avoid it.” Zolar shrugged.  “We probably won't even know who the Avatar is, until our key is used to open his center.  I've been trained by the Tibetans, and even I can't recognize the others only the ones who are in conjunction with my center.  The Tibetans provided me with records, and even so, I still felt lucky to have found you two.  You see, I'm attuned to your particular note.  Jackie, don't look at me like I'm crazy.  Everyone has a different note, or to be more precise, a vibration which is unique to only that person, like fingerprints or DNA.  Well, our unique notes of the seven centers―are the notes used to open centers within the Avatar.  We are the notes, and in total, we are the centers too.  One of those unity things, like the trinity.
“There have been a lot of groups that have been teaching of his coming.  Many of these have kept records that correlate energy explosions in the universe, such as a supernova, a dying star―or even the star of Bethlehem.  The Avatar was predicted, by the Bible, the Koran, the Talmud, scores of them.  They all say similar things about it.”
Zolar paused and cleared his throat with a sip of coffee.  He knew how confused they must be feeling; he had once felt the same way.
“The Bible, refers to his number as 666.  I haven't figured this one out yet, but I was taught that the Avatar was the 666th descendant of Cain.  Cain's genealogy has supposedly been traced by many of these religions, and they have calculated he was born thirty years ago, on the first of July.”
“What?” Jackie interjected.  “But so was I, and last night you said so were you and Bernie.  Are you saying it's one of us? One of us is the Anti-Christ?”
“No, Jackie, and yet the answer is also yes.  We also are part of him.  By ourselves we are nothing, but as a group we are him.”
“No offense, Zolar,” Jackie said.  “But it sounds crazy.  Revelations talks about how those with knowledge can decipher the number of the beast.” She paused, thinking about what he had just said.  “But, but everyone has pointed fingers for hundreds of years, saying he's the Anti-Christ or that one's the Anti-Christ.  They used all kinds of logic trying to determine what 666 means.  They came up with some winners too.” She shook her head, set her coffee cup down harder than she expected, and splashed the table.  “I guess your explanation is as good as anyone....  But why would you refer to Revelations and the Anti-Christ, Zolar? I thought the Avatar was supposed to be bringing good to the world, to be a messiah? How can he be both messiah and anti-Christ at the same time?”
“That's a little complicated; bear with me while I stay on track, and I'll get to that in just a minute.  There's more about ancestry; you, I and Bernie are supposedly descendants of Abel….”
“Wait a minute―if you use that logic, then so is everyone.” Jackie argued, and turned to Bernie help.  Bernie just sat there quietly, trying to digest everything.
“What you are saying is essentially true but, and I use the word supposedly, the rest of the population's genealogy has intermingled, or came from Adam and Eve's other children.  The Bible even speaks of another brother, called Seth.  The groups claim they have maintained records of every generation.  Now, Jackie, I'll try to answer your question about good and evil.  Here's the hardest part to swallow.
“Adam and Eve, like Cain and Abel, are symbolic of good and evil, or the marriage of the spirit with the flesh.  The soul comes into the material world―the flesh―and lives.  There's an ancient saying, 'as above, so below'.  What is manifest on the spiritual plane is the same as that in the physical plane.  For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction.  The symbolism of Cain and Abel is one of Christ and the Devil, good and evil, Yin and Yang, or positive and negative.  They are both a creation of the Supreme Being; in the example of Cain and Abel, evil murders good.  Satan killed Christ, or at least he had the people kill Christ.  God kicked Lucifer out of heaven.  Satan entered Eve's mind and caused them to be kicked out of Paradise.  It goes on and on.  It's a constant war, a constant tension, yet, perhaps, a balance, between good and evil.”
Jackie threw her hands into the air in exasperation.  “All right, that's it! This is just too much for me.  Too much at one time.  What are we going to do now?”
“Calm down, Jackie,” Bernie soothed.  “Let's just take it one step at a time.”
“I'm sorry, Jackie,” Zolar said.  “I know it's too much at once.  Bernie's right.  Let's take it as it goes.”
“What we have to do is get you some clothes,” Bernie said, changing the subject as he watched Jackie.  She had been through enough to make anybody go a little off―although she seemed made of pretty strong stuff.
“I'm sorry, guys.  I'm okay.” Jackie responded to them.  “You're right, I do need some clothes.”
“Don't worry about clothes.  I'll buy you some.” Bernie said.  “The main thing is for us to stay close together through all of this.”
“Jackie, I agree with Bernie.  We need to stick together for a while.  It will help give us the support we need.  Can you get off from work for a few days?”
“I'm pretty sure I can.  All I have to do is call the ship.”
“Let's get Jackie clothed, then go into the city and see if any of us can feel any of the other centers,” Zolar said.
“Sounds good to me,” Bernie said.  “After all, the next center should be a woman, since the Sex Center is next—unless this Avatar is gay.”
“Hey wait a minute, maybe the Avatar is a she.  Did you ever think about that?” Jackie protested.
Bernie and Zolar laughed.
Zolar managed to say, after he quit laughing, “Bernie, she might be right.”
Bernie quieted down and looked at Zolar.  “How do we know it's not one of us? We were together―but couldn't one of us have triggered the opening?”
“No.” Zolar shook his head.  “We would know.  Beside the key was someone named Billy.”
“Oh, yeah.  I forgot.”
“I don't know about you guys, but I'm a little scared,” Jackie stated flatly, looking from one to the other.
“Yeah, me too.”  Bernie agreed.
“I have another bombshell for you,” Zolar said, since the conversation had eased back down.  “July 1, almost thirty years ago, eight babies were born in a hospital in Roanoke, Virginia; Shenandoah Hospital, as a matter of fact.  The hospital no longer exists, it burned down and most of the records were destroyed.”
“I was born in that hospital,” Bernie exclaimed with shock.  “My parents were vacationing in the Smoky Mountains, when I decided to come early.”
“So was I.” Jackie said.  “I grew up in Christiansburg, that's a small town west of Roanoke, but my parents were shopping there when my mother went into labor.”
“Guess what, guys?” Zolar said.  “So was I.  I grew up in Salem, where my father was a professor at Roanoke College.”
“Strange coincidence,” Jackie said, “All of us, being born in the same hospital in the Star City of the South.”
“Star City?”  Bernie asked.
“Yeah, they call Roanoke the Star City because they built a giant star on Mill Mountain.  It even lights up at night.  It overlooks the Roanoke Valley.”
Zolar nodded his head.  “Yeah Bernie.  It's a big star that's lit up white at night, and if there's a major death, someone important dies, it's lit up red.”
“My mother said the night I was born the star was red,” Jackie said solemnly.  “This is sort of a gruesome thought, but it popped into my head — like a bloody star of Bethlehem.”
“Well, let's get going.” Zolar said, trying to ease the contagious melancholy.
“Yeah,” Bernie agreed, “Let's do it.  Whatever that means.”
“Whatever he is, could we call him something besides Avatar or Anti-Christ or 'him?'” Jackie whispered, not quite knowing why.  “It's just so odd.  I need something not as scary.”
“Well, if he's the Anti-Christ, the devil's name was originally Lucifer.  Which actually meant Lord of light or the Morning Star, and he's supposed to be loved by people.  The name John comes to mind; it means 'beloved.' I guess he is supposed to become the beloved lord of light.  Let's call him John Lucifer,” Zolar suggested.
“I like the idea of John,” Bernie added, “but Lucifer―it's so blatant.  Let's disguise it; you know, like a nickname, so it doesn't sound obvious if we're discussing him.  How about John Star, like the Morning Star or your Star City of the South, or plain John, or Mister John.”
“John Star sounds okay,” Jackie agreed, and watched as both men nodded their agreement.  She rose and started clearing the table.
Zolar did the same.
Bernie said, “Zolar, you rest, you fixed the breakfast.  Let Jackie and I do it.  You're the one in the know here.  You just make some plans as to what we're going to do.  But first, Jackie, don't forget you have to call your ship.”
“Moo!”  Jackie exclaimed.
“What's this? Am I a cow now, or what?” Bernie frowned at Jackie.
“Country joke.  People often name their cows Bossy.” Jackie grinned at Bernie and winked at Zolar.
They all laughed.  It felt much better than crying.


CHAPTER  17

The Reverend Thomas Lamb closed his eyes in the shower, reliving the experience he had just after midnight.  “Dear God, I can't believe this―how am I to accomplish this alone?” he cried.  He was drying himself on the stiff towels of the run-down hotel when there was a knock at the door.  He wrapped the towel around him and cracked the door.
“Are you Thomas Lamb?” A young woman at the door asked.
“Yes, I am.”
“I have a telegram for you.”
“Thank you.” Thomas opened the door slightly wider, reaching his left hand out, all the time wondering, who could know he was here?
“I'm sorry it involves money so I'll have to have identification and your signature.”
Thomas paused a moment, feeling exposed, but opened the door.  “Excuse my state of undress.  I'll have to get my driver’s license, one moment please.”
As Thomas walked over to the dresser, the woman walked in as if she had been invited.
When Thomas turned around he was startled to see that the dark-haired woman had followed him.  He felt a moment of fear when he realized she had shut the door.  He quickly dismissed the thought: although he was still, wearing only a towel and feeling rather vulnerable, she was a petite thing, and her smile and warm brown eyes disarmed his feelings of uneasiness.  He gave her his Virginia driver’s license.
She inspected it.  “Thomas Anthony Lamb,” she read.  “Thank you, Mr.  Lamb.  Please sign here.” She pointed at the paper, while staring at his hairless chest.  She handed him the telegram.
Thomas took it.  “Enclosed is $10,000 dollars.  Check into the Castleton Hotel near Madison Square Garden.” It was unsigned.
“Is this supposed to be a joke?” Thomas said, forgetting his state of undress.
“I assure you, this is no joke,” the woman said.  “As soon as I return to our security van with your signature, there will be a man with your money escorting me up.  We normally require people to come to our office for money but with this amount of money we deliver.” She glanced around the Spartan excuse for a hotel room.  “By the way, my name is Becky.”
“No offense, but I'll tip you after I get the money.  I'm new to New York, and I have heard of all kinds of hustles.”
“Smart thinking,” she smiled.  “We will be back in a few minutes.”


CHAPTER  18

Michael O'Malley felt different walking through the streets; different than yesterday, when he had been living on the street.  He thought, it is strange the way memory works: You can't remember who you are and then it all suddenly floods in on you, even the things you wanted to forget.
After a very long walk north he located them.  He paused in front of Mama Leone's.  He could tell that he was there with one of the centers.  A center which had yet to open.
He told the hostess his party was already here, and smiled charmingly at her.  She asked him if he wanted them paged, or did he just want to look around; he told her he would find them.  They were above him.  He could tell.  He made his way to the second floor.  There, across the room, he spotted John and a young woman sitting near the window.  He could tell the girl was one of the centers.  She was pointing at a large red and yellow floor vase and must have been commenting on its design.
Michael walked over to them and cleared his throat.
“Hello, John.”  Michael said unemotionally.
John and Morgan both looked up at the same time.  Slowly John recognized Michael.  He stood up enthusiastically, grabbed Michael's hand, and then pulled him toward him and gave him a bear hug.
“I can't believe it.  I thought you were dead! What happened to you? My God, they said you died in a plane crash.  I even went to your memorial service.”
“I'm afraid the rumors of my demise were somewhat exaggerated.” Michael smiled.  “But please don't let me interrupt your lunch.  I spotted you and had to come over and say hello.  Perhaps we can get together later?”
“No! Please join us,” John insisted, and then turned to Morgan.  “You don't mind, do you―Michael's and old friend.”
“Not at all.” Morgan smiled at Michael, noting his rugged handsomeness.
“No, I couldn't,” Michael politely protested.
“Please join us,” Morgan said sweetly.  “I'm anxious to meet any friend of John's.”  
“Thank you.” Michael pulled out a chair and sat down.
“Morgan, this is Michael O'Malley.  We went to Radford University together.”
“Radcliff?” Morgan feigned in ignorance; she knew just about everything about John.
“No, Radford.  It's a small college in the western part of Virginia, near Blacksburg, that's where VPI, is.  You know, Virginia Tech.” Michael clarified.
“Michael, this is Morgan Cross, a very special friend of mine.”
“Pleased to meet you, Ms.  Cross,” Michael said, gently taking Morgan's offered hand.  He looked into her big green eyes, made a quick glance at her braless chest.  As he touched her, he knew for sure she was to be the second center.
“Please call me Morgan,” she answered, feeling her nipples harden as he held her hand.
“John and I were roommates at Radford, many years ago,” Michael explained.
“What happened to you, Michael?” John interrupted.  “We thought you were dead.”
“After the plane went down, I wandered off with amnesia.  I couldn't remember a thing until recently,”
Michael answered, thinking, very recently―only this morning, when the first center opened.  He inhaled at the thought of the first opening.  It was supposed to have been him, but for some reason the forces at work had made a substitution as if he really had been dead.  Michael wondered who the first center was―he remembered hearing the name ‘Billy' when the opening happened.  He felt a tinge of jealousy at the thought of being substituted.
“I always thought it was strange, since they couldn't find your body.  They never were able to legally declare you dead,” John said.
“What are you doing now, John?” Michael asked with true curiosity.
“I have a little software business in Florida.  I'm here on business.  But enough about me―it's good to see you alive, I still can't believe it! At least, since you weren't pronounced legally dead, I would think your estate wasn't divided up.  Was it?”
“No problems.” Michael said, and realized he should call his lawyers and let them know he was alive.  He hadn't made a will, and even if they had declared him legally dead, which he doubted after only two years, his estate would still be tied up in probate.
“Are you working or anything?” John asked, and then turned to Morgan.  “Michael's modest, but he inherited close to a billion from his grandfather's estate back when he was still in college.  You know, Michael, I was always surprised that you even finished college, with all that money.”
“I don't spend very much, and still find myself putting away money.” Michael smiled at the truth of his statement and then said, “John that's enough about us.  Let's not neglect this lovely young lady.  How did you two meet?”
“I just met John yesterday.  I'm a flight attendant, and John swept me off my feet.” She smiled coyly.
“That's not the John I know.” Michael said, and watched John almost blush.  “Well, you two need to get to know each other, and here I am, intruding.  So if you both would pardon me.”  Michael said, as he stood to leave.
“No, please don't go,” Morgan and John chimed in simultaneously and then laughed.
“I really must be going.  I just stopped in for a quick drink,” He lied.  “It certainly was good to have run into you John, and a pleasure to have met you, Morgan.”
“My pleasure,” she offered out her hand.
John stood and again clasped his friend’s hand.  “Where are you staying?”
“I’m staying at the Castleton Hotel, near Macy’s.”
“So am I,” Morgan said, surprised at the coincidence.
“Well, that’s great,” John said.  “Michael, maybe we can get together and talk old times.”
“Sounds great.  I’ll see you later then.  When you get some free time just call the hotel.  I’ll be there for a while.”
“Okay,” John nodded.  “Why didn’t you stay at your house–I thought you had one uptown or something?”
“I still do.  There wasn’t any time to have it opened.  This trip was spontaneous,” Michael said, and waved slightly as he walked away.


CHAPTER  19

Reverend Lamb sat in his room and waited for the messenger to return.  He couldn’t figure out what was going on.  Why would anyone send him this much money?  
After the girl left, Thomas quickly dried off and slipped on his pants and shirt.  As he sat there string off into space, still barefoot, there was a knock at the door.
“I’m back,” the woman said, before he had opened the door.
He again cracked the door to inspect her and the man in a security uniform, gun and all.
“We don’t usually deliver cash, but it was specified in the instructions we received.”  She did all the talking while the guard walked over to the dresser and set down a brown leather bag, then departed.
“I must insist you count it and sign right here for the actual receipt.”  She smiled while sitting down on his unmade bed.
“This is all too strange,” Thomas shook his head while frowning.  “Who could have sent this?”
“What's on the gram is all I know,” she responded, while he counted.  “Would you like an escort around the city?”
Thomas paused in his counting, first thinking he could use some guidance in this city, feeling apprehensive.  But he had asked God for help, hadn't he? And this was just a friendly young woman, with soft brown eyes.  “I would like that.” He smiled.
“Good, soon as you sign, I'll go back to my office and take the rest of the day off.  I'll be back in about an hour.”
He finished counting.  “It's all here; I can't believe this.  Where do I sign?”
She walked very close to him.  “Sign here.”
Thomas reached into his pants pocket.
“No tip, it's my pleasure.  I'll be back in an hour.  I've been needing a break.” As she was closing the door she added, “As Sherlock Holmes said, 'The game is afoot.'”
Thomas stared at the door.  What was going on? Who was helping him? God knows, he needed the help.  He smiled to himself.  God does know! Was he supposed to kill this Anti-Christ? If that was the case, how?
Could he bring himself to kill, even for God?
Less than forty-five minutes passed; he heard a knock.
“Who is it?” he asked, feeling disquieted with all this money in the room.
“Becky from Western Union, I'm back.”
He opened the door.  “Come in.” He smiled as he noticed she had changed to a dress and light jacket.
“Hi, Becky,” he offered his hand, “thanks for coming.”
“Hi,” she bubbled.
He needed help; maybe she was God's messenger too.  Could he trust this stranger? Ask and you will receive, he heard in his mind.  God, please let this be real help, he thought.
“I've finished packing.  I need to move to the Castleton.”
“I know, I read your telegram.  I already called and made a reservation, and I have a taxi waiting downstairs.” She grabbed a suitcase.
“My word, you're way ahead of me.  But you know,” he paused solemnly, “right now I need all the help I can get.”
“I figured that, country boy,” she said, teasing him.
He bristled, then relaxed, seeing she was kidding him.  
“My accent that bad?”
“Bad?  Not hardly, it's quite charming.”
“Are you from New York?”
“Born and raised here.  Grew up in Queens, but I live in the East Village now.  Can't you hear my accent?”
They chatted about New York, the weather and various inane subjects en route to the Castleton.  Upon arriving, Becky quickly paid the taxi.
“I could have paid, as if you didn't know,” Thomas protested.
“I know, but do you think he's got change for a hundred? You don't need to flash that kind of money around anyway.  Don't worry, you can owe me.”
They walked over to the clerk on duty.
“Reservation for Thomas Lamb.”  Becky stated.
The clerk punched at his computer, all the time looking Becky over with faint distaste, and checking Thomas out.
“Yes, Mr.  and Mrs.  Lamb, and how many nights will that be?”
“Mr.  and Mrs.?” Thomas thought to protest but Becky squeezed his hand.
“Ten days, Rudy,” Thomas said, noting the clerk's name tag.  He had often made it a point to use people's names whenever possible; he felt it was more personable.
Rudy was pleased with the recognition, and asked cheerfully for the first time today, “How would you like to pay for that sir?”
“Cash.”
Rudy collected the money and handed over the room card key.  “That's room 228.”
As they walked to the elevator, Thomas asked, “What is this Mr.  and Mrs.  stuff?” He raised his eyebrow.
“In this city, if you are by yourself they figure you're either up to something, or gay.  When I called to make the reservation, I could tell what that guy's persuasion was at the desk, and knew you haven't had experience dealing with anyone like him.”


* * *

As the elevator doors closed, Bernie, Jackie and Zolar entered the hotel lobby.
“Are you sure this is the place?” Jackie asked.
“I can't be sure, but the vibrations are definitely coming from here,” Zolar answered, holding the door for them.
Bernie walked up to the counter.  “We would like a suite with three bedrooms.”
Rudy, punched at his computer.  “The only suite I have is two bedrooms, with a fold-out couch, on the second floor.”
“That will do,” Bernie said.
“How long would you like that?” Rudy eyed the three of them as if he figured they were planing an orgy.
“I'm not sure,” Bernie answered, sensing Rudy's thought vibration and reading his expression.  “I guess one big king-size bed would actually do, but we will have to sleep sometimes,” he chuckled.
Zolar caught on to the game and added, “This way, we can have all the beds filled.”
When Jackie felt Bernie's elbow in her side she joined in the antics.  “Besides, I might throw both of you out for someone else and where would you two sleep then?”
“I'm hurt,” Zolar joked.  “Well, if you throw me out, I'll still have Bernie.”
“How long will that be?” Rudy repeated, getting wrapped up into the conversation.
“About that long,” Bernie spread his hands apart about eight inches.
“No, I mean how many nights would you like the suite?” Rudy sputtered turning scarlet.
“Two weeks,” Zolar answered.
“And how would you like to pay for that?” Rudy asked.
“Would you take it out in trade?” Jackie patted Rudy's hand, and he pulled away as if he had been stung by a bee.
“Listen, I've had just about enough!” Rudy snapped, hands on his hips.
“Enough? You haven't had any yet.” The three of them chimed in simultaneously and roared with laughter.
Rudy's face reddened.  He became very stern.  “Look, you comedians, either pay or get out.”
Zolar paid him cash.
“Here's your room cards suite 240.”
They all laughed as they headed toward the elevator.
Rudy watched them as they walked away.  “I hope they get theirs.” he said out loud to himself then muttered under his breath.  “I haven’t seen so many people paying in cash since Fleet Week.”


CHAPTER  20

“Jamal, why didn't we preach today?” Azid leaned his heavy body on the table across from Jamal.
“Listen, man, this is just between you and me.  Don't you go telling the others.” Jamal slumped down in the worn kitchen chair and rested his head against his hand for a moment.  “It's starting to happen.” Jamal looked up at his long-time friend.
“What's happening?”
“This is going to sound fucked up, but last night I had a vision.  Well, it wasn't exactly a vision it was more like a party line.”
“Party line?”
“I can't tell you what I saw exactly, but I saw the universe—or at least the beginning of it.  There were these other people there, and the Messiah, but he's not black like I've been saying.  I felt other people there too but I couldn't see them, what they looked like, except one dude.  He's a young kid.  It was like I knew all of them through him.  I want to find this kid.”
“The Messiah's really here?” Azid asked in disbelief.
“Yeah, if he's not the Messiah, then he's something else, and we've got to find him.  If we find the kid, we'll find the Messiah and all of them.”
“What do you mean all of them?”
“The Messiah and those connected to him.  I can't explain.  I don't even understand it myself.” Jamal shrugged his massive shoulders and got up.  “I'm going up to the block.”
“Kind of late for that isn't it.  Do you want any of the tables or speakers taken?”
“No, nothing; I'm going by myself.  I just have this feeling that I need to go.”
Azid watched Jamal through the window as he headed to the subway.  He was probably en route to Times Square, what they called “the block.” Jamal was acting so strange.  As he watched him walk away he felt compassion for Jamal.  Jamal had been through more hardships than he had ever seen.  He was from Blacksburg, Virginia—but there weren't many blacks in that burg.  Azid chuckled to himself at his own pun.  Jamal had fourteen brothers and sisters.  He told him he was in school before he ever had his own pair of shoes, and those had been worn-out hand-me-downs.  His father had worked two full-time jobs, and his mother had cleaned white folk's homes.
Azid decided to follow Jamal to see what he was up to.  If his brother needed help he would be there.  Azid stayed back so Jamal wouldn't spot him.  Jamal looked like he was lost in thought.  He often had that look when he told the story about his first job at the age of ten, cleaning windows and picking up trash for a High's Ice Cream store.  Then this white kid that worked there stole some money, and Jamal had been accused of it.  The owner of the store had told his father; even his father didn't believe him when he said he didn't take it.  Jamal had said his ancestors had similar problems.  His great-great-uncle had been hanged in Lynchburg, Virginia, after having been accused of rape.  No trial, nothing.  Just some white bitch's word.  No one ever really knew.
Azid got off the subway at 42nd Street, knowing this would be Jamal's exit also.  A young boy was trying to spray paint the side of the subway car.  Azid smiled, remembering the times he had done his own art work on the train; but now, with the new galvanized train walls, the graffiti wouldn't last long.
Azid hung back, tenaciously following Jamal, but he didn't head toward the block.  He went in a different direction, stopping and standing outside of Mama Leone's restaurant.  He seemed to be waiting.  Jamal became extremely agitated when a white boy in a truck stopped outside of the restaurant.  Jamal just watched as a man and a woman came out of the restaurant and got into the truck.  Jamal waved at a taxi.  Something must really be wrong―Jamal never used taxis.  He said he would never give them money because they were the white man's slaves, most blacks couldn't afford them.  But here was Jamal, getting in, and he seemed to be pointing at the truck.

* * *

“Follow that truck.” Jamal told the taxi driver, and the taxi sped away.  Jamal leaned back in the seat, trying to convince himself of what he was doing here.
He had been headed for the block but he just had this feeling he should change direction.  That was when he saw him.  He was the one.  He was the one from last night.  The one called Billy.  He didn't know how he knew it; he just had this feeling he knew him, but he was just a boy.  Then a man and woman came out and he knew immediately that the man was the promised one: Never had he seen anyone like him.  It seemed like everyone on the street turned to stare at him.  Even they knew something was different about him.  At least he hadn't been the only one to notice the man was different.
He followed them to the Castleton near Madison Square Garden.  The man and woman got out and went into the hotel but the boy sat in the truck.  Jamal paid the taxi driver and waited across the street.  Several minutes passed; the man came out and handed something to the boy, then the boy entered the parking garage.  It must have been a parking ticket.  So they are staying here.  Jamal shook his head.  He had to get some money, he had to check into the hotel, but how was he going to come up with the money it would cost him?
Jamal stood there in a daze thinking about the man.  He had never seen anyone like him before.  Messiah? Was it possible? Then he remembered his mother dragging him to the holiness church and the talk of the beast.  The beast, the Anti-Christ, was it possible? Which was he?
The man seemed so unassuming.  Yet his power could be felt.  Was it possible? He had to get himself into the hotel.
Jamal was startled from his thoughts as he heard someone asking him something.  “What? What did you say? “
”Got a light?”
Jamal appraised the bold woman, asking him, a stranger, for a light for the cigarette she held up to her lips.  At first he thought she was black, but then with additional scrutiny he guessed she was an Indian―Native American, he corrected himself.  She was a foot shorter than him, with hair of raven blue-black.
Jamal was immediately attracted, forgetting about everything but drifting into her velvet soft brown eyes.  “Sure,” he said reaching into his pocket, hoping he had the lighter he used for lighting candles and incense.  He didn't smoke; cigarettes were just another of the white man's way of exploiting.
“I'm Jamal,” he introduced himself as he lit her cigarette.
“Thank you.” She inhaled deeply from the non-filtered Camel and then watched the glow sparkle.  A sliver of tobacco stuck to her tongue and she made a soft spitting sound.
“I really should quit, but it's one of the few things of my heritage which still exists.” She laughed at Jamal's expression.  “I'm Cherokee actually.  You probably thought the whites came up with the idea of tobacco.  Afraid not; my people get the blame.”
Jamal stood there a moment, mesmerized by her smile.  “Could I buy you a cup of coffee?” He asked in his richest bass voice, not knowing quite what to say but not wanting to scare her away.
“I would love one,” she smiled again.  “My name is Mediceskia.  It means 'song bird' in my language.  My folks were still into that kind of thing when I was born; but please call me Mindy.” Her eyes danced merrily as she offered him her hand.
Over coffee, Jamal learned she was staying at the Castleton; after several hours of wooing he managed to get an invitation to her room―or had he been the one wooed.


* * *

Azid had managed to follow Jamal, as he followed the truck.  He stayed in the background, making sure Jamal hadn't seen him.  He just couldn't figure what Jamal was up to.  When Jamal and the girl went back to the hotel together, he felt angry and betrayed.  What was wrong with Jamal?
Azid sat down across from the hotel and waited, even though he wasn't sure why.


CHAPTER  21

Billy glanced down at his watch.  John should be out shortly with his girlfriend.  There they are, he thought.  He had begun to wonder if a cop was going to come along and run him out of the 'no parking' space.  He smiled at the look on Morgan's face when John handed her into his truck.  She looked more than just a little surprised.
“Hi again,” Billy said as the two of them crowded in.
They chatted about the meal as Billy dodged the various taxis.
“Well, here we are,” Billy said as they pulled up in front of the Castleton.  “Morgan, it's been real nice meeting you.”
“Billy,” John interrupted, “I was going to move into the city in a few days, so I thought I might as well check in.  Are you able to get off from work next week?”
“I checked with my Chief on the ship, and he said there wouldn't be any problem with me taking some leave.”
“Good, it's settled,” John said.  “Why don't we get a couple of rooms here now? It's not like we have to be back on the Island tonight.  I can still keep that room on the Island.”
“You're the boss, boss.” Billy said, placing his truck into park.
“That would be a great idea.” Morgan fluttered her eye lids and glanced at her watch.  “That way we wouldn't have to end the night so early.  It's not even eleven o'clock yet.”
“You get a room, boss.  I can go back to the ship tonight and meet you tomorrow.  Besides, I don't want to park my truck around here.”
“They have inside parking, Billy, don't worry so much.” John told him.  “Wait here, I'll escort Morgan in and get us a couple of rooms.”
In the lobby John turned to Morgan.  “You go on up and freshen up.  I'll check Billy and me in.”
“I'll be waiting.” Morgan kissed him on the cheek and smiled as he blushed.
John walked over to the clerk.  Noting the man's name tag he said, “Hi, Rudy, I would like two rooms, please.”
Rudy looked up perturbed by someone using his name in such a familiar way, but was instantly almost overwhelmed.  He first thought he was going to pass out, and then he gave John his warmest smile.
John felt the clerk watching his every move.  He didn't know what was going on, but something was happening to him; everywhere he went people seemed to turn and stare.  He thought New Yorkers were supposed to be cold and too busy to notice anyone, but the ones he had met today seemed to be going out of their way to be friendly.  Almost too friendly, like this clerk―but then John told himself the man just couldn't help the way he was.
When he had first noticed people staring at him, he had checked a mirror to see if he had some food stuck to his face.  He couldn't figure it out.  He had never been one for the limelight and the attention disconcerted him.
“Could I get a parking ticket also?” John asked Rudy.
“But of course, Mr.  Fleuric.” He said reading the registration card.
John arranged for two connecting rooms for him and Billy, and after paying for eight days in advance, he took the parking ticket out to Billy.
As he left the hotel to give the ticket to Billy, he could feel the eyes of everyone he passed on him.  It gave him an uncomfortable feeling.
“Billy here's the parking pass and here's your room key.”
Billy turned the card over, noting the room number and the magnetic strip attached.
“Don't get it close to a magnet or credit card―they tend to demagnetize.  My room is next door, you're in 230 and I'm in 232.  I'm going on up.  After you park, stop in.” John turned and walked, away feeling suddenly tired and weary.  He tried to ignore the eyes of the people who stopped and stared.  One woman with child in tow stopped directly in front of him.  Her jaw dropped open and she acted as if she were trying to speak.  Both she and the tot seemed spellbound by his very presence.
What the hell is going on, he thought.  This is driving me crazy.  Upon entering his room he immediately started a hot shower.
Drying himself, he stood in front of a full-length mirror and stared at his reflection.  It was as if he was looking upon a stranger, not himself at all.  Although he had always taken care of himself, he seemed in better physical condition than usual–even better than yesterday.  His muscles seemed more defined, his face seemed different; but he couldn’t quite put his finger on why.  He shook his head.  He was letting his imagination run away with him.
He tried not to think about what had happened to him last night on the island.  That had been one reason he didn’t want to return to the island tonight.  He smiled as he thought about the other one.  Morgan, so sweet, so sensual.  Sensual?  Did he think that?  He grabbed his cock and squeezed the blood to the tip.  “I hope you do more than lie limp tonight,” he said aloud to it.
Shortly after dressing he heard a knock.  “Come on in, it’s open.”
Billy dropped into one of the chairs.  “Well, boss, how was your date?”
“I had a good time today, but then I expect the rest of the evening to be better.  By the way, I’ve unlocked the connecting door there, if you need anything just come on in.”  He reached for the phone and dialed Morgan’s room.
“Hi, would you like some company?” he said, into the receiver, then paused.  “See you in a few minutes.”


CHAPTER  22

Bernie handed Jackie and Zolar drinks, then sat on the sofa beside Jackie.
“It's a quarter till midnight.  I feel like it's the witching hour.” Bernie sipped at his martini.  He enjoyed the well-stocked bar the suite offered.
“Like waiting for a bomb to go off.” Jackie stirred her vodka and tonic and licked the residue from her finger.
“Do you have to put it quite like that?” Bernie asked.
“Sorry.”
“I'm looking forward to this.” Zolar gulped his Jack Daniels and coke.  “I don't think we will experience the pain we felt the first time.  Remember, it's the Sexual Chakra which is opening this time.  It will probably be quite pleasurable.”
“Am I feeling paranoid, or do you feel like you're on a seesaw? Like you're going up and down.  You know, kind of like liquid, like the ebb and tide of the sea.” Jackie paused.  “I feel like I'm losing my mind.”
“I feel it too.” Bernie commented.  “Like the sweet thrust of good sex―not that all sex isn't good, even bad sex is great.” He laughed.
“You're not taking this very seriously,” Jackie scolded.
“I always take my sex seriously.”  Bernie grinned.
“Last night we exploded into the universe.  I don't know what you got from it, but I felt like I was God and I exploded.” Zolar tried to bring them back to the situation.
“Yeah, I felt as if I was alone and my body just went to pieces.” Jackie shivered.  “I felt like a cannibal eating my own body.  I remember when I was a child in elementary school; being Catholic back then, before the church allowed you to eat meat on Friday, I was at lunch.  I forgot all about it being Friday and the school cafeteria served ravioli.  I was laughing and having a good time when I realized that it was Friday and I had already eaten meat.  I felt so sick then, I ran to the bathroom and stuck my finger down my throat trying to make myself throw up.  I cried for the rest of the day.  I just knew I was going to burn in Hell for my disobedience.  When the church changed, I was shocked.  But let me say last night was more frightening than anything I ever experienced before.”
“I know what you're saying.  I felt as if my gut had been jerked out and I was so ravenously hungry I would do anything to ease the pain.  I felt empty and I had to replace it and I didn't care how.” Bernie tried to explain, leaning his head back on the sofa.
“Zolar, would you sit beside me and hold my hand?” Jackie set her drink down and grasped Bernie's hand; he scooted closer to her.
Zolar got up from the arm chair, moved over and sat beside Jackie, trying to soothe her.  “It's okay, we're all a little frightened.  Remember you're not alone.  We are all in this together.” He moved down to the carpet and patted the floor.  “Join me let's intone a mantra which will relax us.”
“Are we sure we want this to happen? I don't know, but if it's the Anti-Christ I feel like we should be trying to stop him.” Jackie was hesitant.
“I don't know yet; after last night I have to know more.  It's like someone has lifted a veil from my eyes.  I'm game.” Bernie said, sliding off the couch and sitting cross-legged.  “I can't do any of that yoga stuff, my joints are too stiff.” He glanced up at Jackie and said, “Of course, if you like stiff joints?”
She smacked him and feigned dismay.  “With all this going on—you are incorrigible.” But she found herself attracted to him, and yet she also found herself attracted to Zolar.  Maybe she was the incorrigible one.
“Okay,” she said as she moved to the floor, “what now?”
“Close your eyes breathe deeply through your nose.  Let the air travel up.  Imagine the blood cells in your sinuses taking the life giver, oxygen, directly to your brain.  Let the air be drawn down to your lungs, feel your lungs drink in the liquid.  Relax and breathe out.”
After several minutes of breathing Zolar said, “Now we will intone the mantra which will help open the second center.  Repeat after me this sacred mantra, Ah-eeii oo....”


III.  THE SECOND CHAKRA
MULADHARA THE SEXUAL CENTER
Procreation is the stimulus of the energy center which is lowest in the body.  Yet the fires of regeneration burns hard on the physical plane, beaming upward, vibrating the two centers in the head.  The Sexual Center opens at puberty, but is usually lost in the miasma of self-centered desire.
THE DOCTRINE OF THE CHAKRA CENTERS by Tawadin Djwahan

CHAPTER  23

Several doors down, John sat restlessly in an armchair in Morgan's room.  A sheen of nervous moisture glazed the palms of his hands.  What was he supposed to do now?
Morgan smiled and walked over to John, noticing his nervousness.  She kneeled down and sat on the floor at his feet, leaning her head against his leg.
“Ah!” she said.  “Do you like this music?”
“Yes, it's so soothing.” John said, trying to relax from her touch.  His eyes feasted on her beauty.  She smiled up at him sweetly.  The butterflies in her stomach were beginning to settle as she felt the muscles of his leg beginning to relax.
“Morgan, I feel as though I've known you all my life,” John whispered as he ran his fingers along her arm.  His senses leaped with the awareness of her softness.  He leaned against her and drew her lips to his.  She responded with no resistance.
Yes, her mind screamed.  I want this… all my life I've wanted this.  As their lips met their minds soared, their bodies became bound.
He moved down to the floor, their lips still joined for fear of breaking the spell.  Their hands began to explore and John pulled her down on top of him.  Their burning flesh so close separated by mere clothing.
John was aware of her surrender to him, the mounds of her breasts pressing against his chest.  Their kisses were intoxicating, their breath became as one.  He felt her lips open and his tongue slipped forward to explore and taste her.
Morgan felt herself moisten as his tongue played gently with her own.  She felt a desire like none she had fantasized possible; an aching that only he could soothe.  As he unbuttoned her blouse his fingers yearned to touch those tender orbs which rested against his chest.  He fumbled clumsily with her bra, not knowing how to release them to him.  Morgan, knowing his inexperience, came to his rescue.  She freed herself from his arms and stood, ever so sensually removing her clothes.
As his eyes drank in her feminine appeal, his own body responded, engorging him to the point his clothing became binding.  She stood and finished undressing before him, and he followed her lead.
As they stood naked before each other, Morgan sighed.  “I've never done this before, John.”
“Neither have I,” he faltered, “I don't have any protection.  What if you get pregnant?” His practicality, for a moment, ruled his passion.
“What will be, will be.”  She reached for him.
With her response, John fell in love; he took her in his arms, leading her to the bed.  Their bodies melted into the realm of ecstasy.  He kissed her passionately and she returned his desire.
When his lips teased her nipple she soared beyond all reason.  His hand found her mound of heaven, and as if by its own knowing, explored that which he had never ever desired before, making him want more.
Morgan pulled his body to her.  His aroma mixed with her own pulled a moan from her lips.
She parted her legs and he moved to their invitation.  He felt himself probing at her lips to enter that portal which he had so long denied.
She inhaled deeply as he entered her; then she grasped his lean hard buttocks and pulled him down.  As he pushed through her protective resistance they soared beyond their human bodies to the timeless void of an awakening universe.

The room vanished from around them.  Gently they floated, so warm, so free, away from everything.  Nothing else existed but them.
They were joined, moving through a void.  Floating gently, drifting alone, alone in the vast universe
They were pure energy, fused in pulsation, drifting in a sea of bliss.
Yet they knew they were not alone.  There were others all around them, experiencing the sameness of the love dance.  They sensed the others there as their throbs grew hard and fast.
As it had been the night before, those people involved with the centers were present in spirit.
Their lustful energy grew, drawing upon the store of the previous solar plexus opening.
John felt the universe explode and when his final thrust was received by Morgan they were bonded, fused like primal quarks feeding on the pure existence of that which was offered.  She received his sacrifice, and creation had begun.
As Morgan's mind cleared, she clung to him.  John's eyes focused upon her.  His confusion sent his emotions into turmoil.  
John held tightly to Morgan for strength, and wondered if she had experienced what he had.  Her eyes of adoration spoke the answer he sought.
“First Billy, now Morgan,” John thought, “what is happening? I'm losing my mind.”
They wept quietly.
Morgan's soul had awakened.  Now she felt real.  Her mind reached out into the night, gently feeling.

Billy lay silently in his room, an aura of red light emanating from him.
“Billy?” Morgan's mind reached out, “I know now who I am and why we are here.”
“Be with him now, he needs you now more than before.” Billy's thoughts caressed her mind with warmth and understanding.  His being had returned to his body.
Several hours later, John released Morgan.  She had drifted off into sweet slumber.  He quietly dressed and left.  He wasn't sure where he was going; he needed time to think.  As he passed the front desk, he noted the night clerk was busy running reports and hadn't noticed him.
Out into the streets he fled.  Although it was almost three, the streets, even in this area, were scattered with people.  The turmoil in his mind would not let him rest.  Why was this happening?   His body felt alive.  His own masculine physique defined.  He had no need of sleep.  Surely everyone that had sex did not experience what he had.  Was he crazy?
The people he met on the street seemed to stare intensely at him, like they had earlier in the day, but now they had a feeling of animal sexuality permeating them.
Male and female alike, all felt sexual.  He wondered if someone had slipped him a drug, but that had not been possible.  One by one, he could tell what the people wanted.  Their fantasies, their realities, all were displayed to his mind.  Few of those he met wanted creation.  They only wanted release of this powerful energy, lust.
He felt anger toward them.
He returned to the hotel; as he passed the night clerk, he felt her eyes upon him, her desire for him.  In his anger he thought, she was like a damn dog in heat.
The woman behind the desk smiled and wordlessly came from behind the desk and grabbed his most private area.  He was too startled to stop her.
She unzipped him before he could protest.  Silently she turned, getting down on her hands and knees; she pulled her skirt up and panties down.
“Please,” she begged, looking over her shoulder.  “I've got to have you.  I need you, now.  Please stop this ache.”
His anger overwhelmed him, and he slammed her to the floor with his foot, where she lay flat on her stomach.
His face turned red in rage and his body began to tremble.  He turned and stomped off toward the elevator.
As John left, the neon lights in the lobby began to pop and crack.  Suddenly they exploded, showering down fragments of glass throughout the lobby.
John vaguely heard the noise through his heightened rage but didn't turn around to see what was happening.
He wasn't aware of their explosion, or of the girl's anguished tears for what she had done.
The elevator opened; John stepped on and pressed the button to his floor.  As the door began to close, a man in his late thirties stepped on.  The electronic eye of the elevator caused the doors to reopen and then shut.  The man pressed the fourth floor button.  He then turned to stare at John.  John felt revulsion as he felt this man's sexual desire for him.  As the elevator opened on the second floor, John was so disgusted his body was shaking.
John turned, stared, eyes blazing at him as he seemed to freeze.  The man tried to move his hand to wipe away the beads of perspiration which had formed.  As John stormed angrily out onto the second floor the man stood stiffly, his eyes glazed.


* * *

Mindy lay beside Jamal in her hotel bed.  He had cherished her and was now sleeping soundly.  She had made sure of it.
What a fool he is, she thought.  Men are so typical, thinking with the wrong head.  She knew who he was and why he was following the white man.  Her Cherokee blood boiled at his stupidity.
The spirits had led her here and had prepared her for this.  She would use it; the power that was now being sent to earth would be controlled by her.  Since her Grandfather had taught her the ways to walk in the darkness, she knew this day would come, and now it was hers.  She had joined with Jamal when the spirits had opened the second path to the coming power.  Mindy had enticed Jamal to join sexually with her so that when the path opened she would be bound there with him; she drew the power she needed from that joining.  She had experienced everything Jamal had.  Yet she knew none of them were aware of her.  Her own power was growing.
The one with the power was up, she could feel him.  He had wandered the streets and had returned.  She could feel his disgust and his anger at man's primitive nature.  But then she also knew this is what he would experience.  Guilt.
Guilt from wanting to be as God and create life.
He was near.  Her mind's eye had seen the clerk in the lobby and had seen the girl become aggressive toward the man.  His anger fed her own power.  She was absorbing it, transmuting it.  Then on the elevator she had felt what happened.
When she heard the door to his room close, she eased out into the passage.  Mindy pressed the elevator button and it returned.  The man was still there, as if he were frozen in time.  She relished the fear and pain John had cast on him for his self-indulgence.  She called her spirit song and mentally sang to the night, drawing his life energy from him.  She absorbed all of him.  The man collapsed to the floor with a trickle of blood streaming from his ear.
There was still one more in the lobby.  One whom the spirit man had touched with his anger.  She must have that energy too, she told herself.  Mindy sent the dead man on the elevator up and then walked down to the lobby.
Shards of broken glass lay all over the carpet.  The girl had begun to recover, although she still lay on the floor in front of the desk.  Then Mindy reached out with her mind and gently sang the song of setting sun, taking the energy that John's anger had touched.  Slowly and sweetly her soul drank in the woman's life energy.
Mindy returned to her room and slipped back into bed with Jamal.  She smiled to herself, feeling smug and satisfied, for she soon would control him who had come.  His power would be her power.  All would answer to her.


* * *

John didn't return to Morgan; he went to his own room.  He kept asking himself if she was to blame for his feelings of utter hostility towards those people he had met, and in the back of his mind a flicker of hate burned for Morgan.
“Hi, I heard you come back.” Billy said, entering John's room through the connecting doors.  “Mind if I come in?”
“No, Billy, come on in.”
“How did it go?”
John looked up at his young friend and couldn't find the words he was looking for.
“It is okay, John.  Everyone feels guilty the first time.”
John stared blankly but managed to ask.  “Why, why is that?”
“It's simple.” Billy's eyes softened.  “You can't take away and then give back to the innocence.”


CHAPTER  24

“I don't know about you guys, but I'm ready to get some sleep.” Jackie glanced at her watch.  “It's almost four.  This is the second night in a row I've been up this late, and we didn't sleep that late.”
“Me too.  I'll take the couch.”  Zolar offered.
“Fine by me.”  Bernie yawned.
“Would you guys sleep with me?” Jackie asked hesitantly, and then clarified, “Bernie, I do mean sleep.  “
”Hey, I've had enough sex to last me a lifetime.” Bernie grinned, and then added, “Well, at least for tonight.”
“I know what you mean, I mean I've never done it before, but I know what it's like now.  That is what it’s like, isn't it?” Jackie asked.
“Sort of, but without the cosmic fireworks.” Zolar smiled.  “Which bedroom, they both have king-size beds?”
“That one,” Jackie pointed.  “I guess our kidding the desk clerk had a little truth to it.”
“I just hope I can sleep, I still feel wound up.  I can still picture that woman in my mind,” Bernie said as they all headed for the bedroom.
“Okay, we've talked enough, I'll shut up.” Bernie said in response to Jackie's stern glare.  “Just one more thing, then I promise I'll shut up.”
“What is it?”  Jackie groaned.
“Where's this all taking us?”
They looked at each other; none of them could answer, not even Zolar who seemed to have all the answers.
They literally fell into bed, clothes and all.  They had all removed their shoes earlier.  There was no argument about who slept where.  Jackie was in the middle with Zolar on her right and Bernie on her left, like three pieces of a puzzle, lying on their back staring up at the ceiling.
“Who's going to get the damn light?” Bernie finally asked.
“I'm in the middle.  One of you should have turned the bed lamp on instead of the wall switch.”
“One of us!”  Zolar exclaimed.  “How about you?”
“All right now, you two, it don't matter now, but who's going to do it?” Bernie intervened.
“Ever heard the story of 'Katie bar the door?'” Zolar asked.
“No,” they chimed.
“To make it short, it's whoever says the next word will have to get up and turn the light off.  Is that agreeable?”
“Yes,” they both said with smiles on their faces.
As the minutes passed, they drifted off to sleep with the light still glaring brightly.


CHAPTER  25

“Becky, are you asleep?” Thomas rolled to his side, facing her back.
Becky heard him but pretended to sleep, hoping to allow him time to vent his frustration.  She smiled to herself, after all, he was a preacher.
When she didn't answer he sighed in relief.  He didn't want to confront her.  After the sexual joining by that 'beast', he was in shock.
When Thomas' mental faculties returned after the experience, he found himself in an unholy predicament; he was naked and in full penetration of Becky.  He had stared down at her face as she was in the throes of ecstasy―although Thomas had thought it looked more like agony, and he immediately withdrew before achieving completion.
He just couldn't believe what was happening!
How could he serve the Lord when he had done such a foul, despicable thing?
Thomas left her side and sat in a chair near the bed.  He didn't clothe himself; after all, what was the use, now?
“Dear God,” he prayed silently, “what have I done? How can I have allowed this to have happened?”
As his self-pitying prayer continued, Becky turned to him.  She left the bed and knelt in front of him, raising his bowed head, and looked into the shadows of his eyes.
He was stunned; her body began to take on an illuminating aura, which appeared to be a brass color.  He was horrified.
“Don't fear, Thomas,” she soothed, “I'm not just a telegram messenger girl, I am the messenger that was sent to assist you in what you have prayed for.  What you have done with me was sanctioned.  I am spirit and you are flesh, and we have been married with our act.  I am the bride and you are my groom, and now we are bound by the truth of what we have done.”
As she spoke her hands rested on Thomas' legs, her warmth burning into his flesh.
“Soon you will know all; be patient.  You are one of the trumpets spoken of which summon the coming of him who has sent me.  Within the next few days you will be tested.  These tests will make you strong.  But the most important thing for you to remember is: he died for your sins.”
She rose, kissed him tenderly, and disappeared before his unbelieving eyes.
Thomas stared at the space where she had been.  His shock and confusion were almost overwhelming.
What was going on? Was he to kill the man who was causing all this anguish? He repeated over and over to himself, first in silent prayer and then aloud, “He died for my sins.”
“He died for my sins.” Thomas had slid to the floor and assumed a fetal position and began to sob, “He died for my sins, he died for my sins....”


CHAPTER  26

Was he the only one who knew the truth? Michael thought.
Why couldn't he have died in the plane? He wanted a drink so he could be lost, like before in amnesia.
He felt disgusted with himself.  He had to masturbate to achieve the sexual tension which allowed him to join during the opening, since he no longer was part of the keys.
There were so many of them there he couldn't believe it.  The kid Billy had replaced him.  That was why he had to do what he did to join them.
“John, why do I have to love you so, why can't I hate you?”  He anguished.
“Oh God!” He cried aloud, then broke into bitter laughter.
What a joke.  Was he the only one who knew? The knowledge was like a poison; oh so sweet to the taste, but bitter to the stomach.
He could still hear his Grandfather shouting, “You sniveling fool, God is dead!”
But then there's John, he grunted, and he doesn't know what's going on.
There had been so many of them there tonight.  He felt so many others attaching themselves to those who were allowed to be there.  He should not have been able to join them, but what else could he do? It was up to him—because no one else could stop what was going to happen.

CHAPTER  27

“Hey guys rise and shine,” Jackie said, squeezing each of them by their big toe.  “Drop your cocks and grab your socks, it is reveille.” She laughed.
She had awakened early from force of habit.
“Come on sleepyheads.” she taunted.
“What time is it?” Zolar groaned.
“Seven thirty.”
“Oh, maw, just a few more minutes,” Bernie said, trying to imitate Jackie's slight mountain accent.
“Hey guys, you can sleep all you want, but I thought I would wake you up to tell you my leave has been cancelled.” Jackie waited for their reaction.
“What?” Bernie was first to exclaim, as they both shot up to sitting positions.
“Yeah, afraid so.  I called the ship just to check in, and they pulled us out of Charlie status.  We're getting underway at noon.  I have to be back by eleven.”
“Charlie status?” Zolar questioned, wiping sleep from the corners of his eyes.
“That's when the ship is down for repairs, or should have been, but there's an oil tanker on fire off the coast and we're the closest ones to it.”
“You can't go now!”  Bernie was distraught.
“I have to.”
“How long will you be gone?”  Zolar asked.
“Depends on the fire.  It could be several days.  I'll call you as soon as I get back in port.”
“Do you want us to go down to the ferry terminal with you?” Bernie asked.
“No, that's all right, but could I borrow some subway money? I'm still broke, remember.  After all I am a kept woman, big boys.” Jackie batted her eyes and laughed, in an imitation of Mae West.
They all laughed, Zolar grabbed his wallet from the night stand and handed her a bunch of bills.  “Here, take a taxi, and please be careful,” he added, in his most sincere voice.
Bernie moved over to Jackie and opened his arms to hold her.  “Please be careful.” He repeated as she returned his embrace.
“Hey, don't leave me out,” Zolar protested, and joined them in a three-way hug.  “Jackie, whatever you do, or wherever you're at, try to be alone at midnight.”
“I'll try,” she promised, “but it's next to impossible on a ship.  You guys stay out of trouble,” she added, to lighten the mood, and then left them standing staring at the door.
Bernie shrugged and turned to Zolar.  “What now?”
“Breakfast.”


CHAPTER  28

“Hey, John, wake up.”  Billy shook John's shoulder.
John had fallen asleep still dressed, sitting in an armchair near his bed.  Billy had slept on the floor near his feet.
Billy had awakened to the phones ringing in his room next door; he had left the door open.
It had been his ship.  Damn, he told himself, he shouldn't have left a recall number, but it was his responsibility to do so.
“John, I've got to go back to the ship.  They called and they're getting underway at noon.”
“What time is it now?” John asked without opening his eyes.
“Almost eight.”
“What time did you say you had to be back?”
“The ship gets underway at noon, but liberty expires at eleven.”
“I'll ride back to the island with you.  I have a meeting at 2:00 anyway.  Would you order us some breakfast, while I clean up?”
“Sure, what do you want?”
“Eggs, bacon, toast and coffee.  Plenty of coffee.”
“Sure thing, boss.”
“How long is your ship going to be gone?” John asked as he headed to the bathroom.
“I'm not sure; some ship's on fire and I guess it depends on what we have to do.”
“I'll stay at the motel on Governors Island while you're gone.  I still have that room, you know, that's where the software I'm presenting to the Coast Guard is―I hope.” John added, and muttered to himself, having forgotten about the navigation software he was trying to get the Coast Guard to purchase.
I don't want to be here right now anyway, alone; too much going on,” he yelled from the bathroom.
“What about Morgan?” Billy yelled back, but he already knew the answer.  John was in turmoil and things were still in flux.
“I'll call her when I get to the island.  I don't think I can face her right now, anyway.  I still need some time to think.” John answered as Billy had predicted.
“Breakfast will be here shortly.” Billy hung up the phone at the same time the shower started running.
John showered and thought about everything that had been occurring in his life.  It just didn't make sense.  Billy, Morgan, the girl in the lobby wanting him, the man on the elevator wanting him, the disgust he felt toward them.  “What is going on?” He yelled in frustration, his voice echoing in the shower stall.
Breakfast arrived as John reentered the room, a towel around his waist, drying his hair.
“Your breakfast sir,” the boy said, looking at the two men and the open door between the rooms with indifference―and a short summation in his mind to what these guys' story was.
John sensed the boy's thoughts, and started to explain; but what could he say? He began to feel embarrassed but dismissed the idea.  What did it matter, anyway, what this kid thought? Even if they had done what the kid thought, it was none of his business.
Then John sensed something more about the kid.  On a hunch he asked the boy casually, “The hotel seems a little strange today; what's going on?”
The boy grinned, knowing that if he volunteered information he would get a bigger tip.
“Well, I've been told not to say anything.” He paused for effect, as if he were doing something special just for them.  Then, as he looked at the one man, he felt as though he did want to do something special, actually anything the man wanted.  He didn't even want a tip, he just wanted to please; he must be going crazy, he thought, no tip!
The boy ran his hand through his blond hair and began setting the meal on the table.
“The lobby clerk died last night,” he began.  “Looks like murder, but they are not sure.  The fluorescent lights were busted out all over the lobby, but no marks were on her.”
John stared off into space and thought, “Do I really care?”


IV.  THE THIRD CHAKRA
SWADISTHANA
THE SPLEEN
Life is running cycles.  That which is created, is then destroyed.  The spleen center is the builder and the destroyer.  The destruction, is but the end of a cycle which makes room for the next rejuvenation of force using the energies of the other chakra.
THE DOCTRINE OF THE CHAKRA CENTERS by Tawadin Djwahan


CHAPTER  29

As Jackie changed into her uniform she heard them pipe her.  “Now, Petty Officer Harris, contact the bridge.  Petty Officer Harris contact the bridge.”
“Damn,” she slammed her locker and thought, couldn't they even let her get changed.  They had seen her come aboard.  She had been early, hoping it would give her some time to get herself together before they got underway.
She finished dressing, went to the sound power phone in the passage outside of her berthing area and rang the bridge.
“Bridge,” a male voice answered.
“Petty Officer Harris.”
“Yes, Petty Officer Harris, Chief Jones wants to speak to you, wait one.”
“Petty Officer Harris,” the Chief's voice traveled across the line.
“Yes, Chief.”
“Sorry to have had to recall you, but Petty Officer Adams is in the hospital.”
“Oh, I see.”
“We need you in the radio shack as soon as you can; the Captain wants to send a message to District and there's incoming traffic.”
“Aye, aye, Chief.  I'm on my way,” Jackie replied without any emotion in her voice.  She was used to not displaying her emotions on the ship.
She thought, damn Adams, he always had something wrong with him, the sorry piece of shit.  She shrugged; as crazy as everything had been the past few days, she had a great time, which made this routine easier to bear.
She ran everything which had occurred through her mind, over and over, while she was on watch.

* * *

They had been underway for several hours when the message came.  They had been ordered back to port.  The tanker that had supposably been on fire wasn't; it had been a hoax.
Jackie reread the message she had copied.  The Captain was going to go ape shit.  She repeated the message over the radio to the District office and they verified her copy.  They had been ordered back.
Jackie practically ran to the Bridge, up the ladder from the radio shack.
“Permission to enter the Bridge?” She requested so loud it even shocked her.  She didn't care.  They would be heading back, and would be in before ten tonight.
“Permission granted,” The Captain said.
“Captain, I have a message from the district.”
The Captain read the message silently.  “You verified this, Petty Officer Harris?”
“Yes ma'am,” she answered.
“Very well.  Helmsman, we are returning to port.  Come around slowly to 047.
“Aye, aye,” the helmsman replied.  “Right slowly to 047, ma'am.”
“Mr.  Clair, tell the crew we are returning to port.  I'm going down to my cabin if you need me.  Mr.  Clair has the con.”
Jackie heard the crew cheer as Mr.  Clair piped their return, and she returned to the radio shack for the remainder of her watch.
Jackie told her junior petty officer she was going to chow and he had the watch.  She would be back in thirty minutes.  She hadn't eaten all day, but then that wasn't new.

* * *

As Jackie stood in line for chow, she noticed a seaman kept staring at her.  Didn't he know any better? She thought.
She guessed she would have to dress him down, but good.  He should know better.
She hated to be such a hard-ass, but if she didn't, it could cause a lot of trouble.  It was no wonder they called her a bitch behind her back, but there could be no fraternization in the Coast Guard; if you did, you were history.
She got her chow and looked around the mess deck until she found the seaman.  He had seated himself alone at a back table.  There was only one other person on the mess deck at the time, because the watch-standers always ate before the rest of the crew so they could return to their watch.
“Seaman Clement,” Jackie spoke, after reading his name tag, “I need to speak with you.”
“Have a seat, if you don't mind seating with a non-rate.  I didn't mean to stare at you, but you seemed familiar,” Billy said, disarming Jackie's anger.  “Like I know you.  I mean, I've seen you on the ship, but….”
Jackie looked at the man.  Yes, he's right, he seemed familiar to her too, but why?
“I'm sorry,” Jackie was totally disarmed.  “I, I, may I sit down?” She was stammering: she never stammered, and she certainly didn't apologize to nonrates, but here she was doing it anyway.
They talked about the usual things Coasties talk about when they first meet: Where they were from, how long they had been in the Guard, the usual small talk.  Then they returned to their watches.

* * *

The ship tied up at their home dock and liberty was granted.
 Jackie kept thinking about the seaman: he was sort of cute, she thought, and then admonished herself; she was turning into a regular little slut.  She had two gorgeous guys waiting for her, and she had agreed to meet this seaman, Billy Clement in front of the theater on the island.  But it wasn't a date, she told herself, she could never date someone on the ship or even in the Coast Guard as a matter of fact.  Her motto was, “If it's in blue, it ain't for you.”
She would meet him after all, despite all that.  She had found that he was from Blacksburg, a little town in Virginia next to her own home town.  Seaman Clement seemed so familiar, not because he was a good old boy from back home, but something else....
“Well, well, are you all dressed up or what?” One of the Third Class women who shared the berthing area with Jackie prodded.  “Don't tell me Ms.  Goody two-shoes has a date.  “
Jackie blanched.  Had anyone seen her talking to Seaman Clement?
“I wish,” she responded non-committal, trying to hide her uneasiness, and finished dressing.  She even added a little makeup, something rare for her, and packed a small carryall for the hotel.
“Makeup even,” The woman said, trying to aggravate Jackie.
Jackie ignored her.
“Of course if I had your pretty complexion, I wouldn't have to cake the makeup on my ugly puss,” she added, as if to mend any animosity her teasing had caused.
“See you later,” Jackie said.  “I'll be on leave for a while.” She wondered if Billy would be there, as she checked out with the Officer of the Day and then walked down the gangway.
The theater wasn't far from where the ship tied up.  As she rounded the corner, there he stood waiting.  “Howdy,” he called out to her.
“Hi; I can't talk long, I've got to go uptown.” She glanced, around making sure no one saw her talking to him.  Glancing at her watch, she realized she could catch the ten forty-five ferry boat into Manhattan and be at the Castleton well before midnight.  She felt like a macabre Cinderella waiting for midnight.  She shuddered.
“Me neither,” Billy said.  “I've got to be somewhere too.  By the way my first name is Billy, I wouldn't mind if you called me that.”
“Mine's Jackie,―but please don't use my first name while on the ship, okay?” She hoped he wouldn't be offended and would understand; after all she was a first class and he was only a seaman.
“Sure,” Billy answered; he didn't appear to be offended.
“Could we go somewhere else and talk? This feels so public” Jackie asked.
Billy grinned; just what he wanted.  “I sort of got someone I want you to meet, a fellow Virginian.”
“Oh,” Jackie laughed.  “I've met a lot of Virginians lately.  Seems as if they are everywhere but in Virginia.”
“He's a civilian doing business with the Guard, some kind of software for navigation.  I thought you might be interested, since it's computer messages which talk to each other.  “
”I had heard the Guard was looking into getting computer navigation that would be interesting.  But I've got to leave by ten thirty so I can catch the ten forty- five ferry.  Where is this guy?”
“He's staying here at the island motel for the moment.”
They walked past the old enlisted men's club, now closed since they had moved it into the cafeteria next to the chief's club, on to the little motel which sat on the edge of the golf course.  People in Manhattan would pay a mint for this property, Jackie thought.  All the taxpayers' money being wasted so a bunch of twits could knock a ball around for a little entertainment.
Billy knocked at John's motel door.  “Come in.”
“You always leave your door unlocked?” Billy walked in front of Jackie as they entered.  “This is still New York.”
“I thought the military base was safe,” John laughed, and smiled up at Jackie.
Jackie gasped as she stared at the man sitting in the armchair.  He was about her age, she guessed, and probably the most attractive man she had ever seen―on or off a screen.  Magnetic, but handsome, not a pretty boy.
“This is my friend from the ship, Jackie Harris,” Billy introduced, then to Jackie, “This is John Fleuric, a fellow Virginian.” He stated smiling at Jackie.
John stood, greeted her and offered her the other chair.  Billy plopped down on one of the beds.
“I thought ya’ll would be gone for awhile?” John asked Billy, dropping into his Southwestern Virginian accent.
Billy smiled.  “False alarm, some kind of stupid hoax.  So we're back early.”
“Where are my manners,” John muttered as he took a sip of his drink.  “Would you like something to drink? I still have some vodka and tonic from the other night, “ he added, looking at Billy.
“I sure would, “Billy jumped up and told John, “Keep your seat.  I'll mix them.  Jackie, would you like one?”
“That would be nice, but easy on the vodka please; I can't stay long.”
“You're on the same ship, I believe Billy said,” John began not really asking Jackie a question but opening communications between them.
“Yes, as a matter of fact we just met today—although I had seen Billy before.”
“Yeah,” Billy added, “she's a Radioman, or is that radioperson?” he said, smiling at Jackie.  “Lime?”
Jackie nodded.  She felt comfortable with both of these guys.  Yet, a few days ago it seemed unlikely she would have been alone with a guy, much less two of them, and having a drink.  What would her mother think! She would probably be happy for her.  Strange why she always ended up with two guys, she smiled to herself―wasn't one enough?
“Radioman,” John repeated, interrupting Jackie's thoughts.  “That's communication?”
“Yes.”
“You might be interested in the software I've developed for navigation and communications between vessels and even buoys.”
“Billy was telling me about it; that does sound promising.”
Billy handed Jackie her drink and sat back on the bed, listening to them while Jackie asked questions.  She really was interested.

* * *

After a long discussion of computers, software, and communications―two hours and three drinks, Jackie looked at her watch.  Oh, she thought, I've been so wrapped up I missed my 10:45 boat.  It was after eleven and she had better call Bernie and Zolar and tell them she was back.  She had forgotten she had promised to call them as soon as she reached port.  Then she had to find a place to be alone before midnight.  She could kick herself for letting this guy mesmerize her with all his charm and intellect.
“I'm sorry,” she said looking at her watch again: “Could I use your phone? It's a local call.”
“Sure,” John moved so she could sit near the phone.
“Room 240, please,” she said into the phone.
“Hi, it's me, we got back early....  No, I'm going to be all right.  I'm staying on the ship tonight.  I'll see you in the morning.” She paused.  “Okay, I won't forget.” Bernie had reminded her it was getting close to twelve, and she assured him she would be alone.  “I've got to be going.” Jackie added, “Miss you too,” and hung up the phone.
She turned to John and Billy and said, “I've got to be going now.  Thanks for an interesting evening.  Billy, I'll see you later.” She reached to shake John's hand.  She knew she had to go, but she had the feeling she didn't want to.  He sure was magnetic, she thought.  She glanced at her watch: 11:35.
“You keep looking at your watch,” Billy commented.  “Is something wrong?”
“I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be rude.  It's just a habit.” she lied.
“Well bye, hope to meet you again, John,” she said to him as she picked up her bag and started for the door.
“Jackie,” Billy interrupted her departure.  “He's the One!”
“What?” Jackie's mind didn't grasp what he was saying.
John looked blankly at Billy.
“He's the one Jackie.  I knew you were part of it when I saw you today on the mess deck.”
Jackie slowly stared at Billy, and then at John, trying to grasp what he was saying.  It slowly seeped into her awareness that it was almost midnight and she was with strangers.  She swayed and would have fallen, if Billy hadn't been close enough to catch her.  
He moved her to a chair and lowered her ever so gently.
As her mind came back into focus, she thought she was going to be sick; fear was overcoming her.
“Billy, what's going on?”  John demanded.
“John, I have to tell you I'm involved in what's happening to you.  We don't have time to talk about it now, but Jackie's involved too.”
“What?” John's face became a mask of shocked confusion.
“What are they saying?” Jackie's mind tried to grasp what was going on.  It was her turn, my God, she was next―what could she do? She wanted to run but her legs felt like rubber.  They wouldn't respond to what she wanted them to do.  And she wanted to run like hell!
“Him,” she cried silently.  He was the Anti-Christ, the Avatar, but how? He seemed so nice—more than nice-loving, even?
“Jackie,” Billy spoke softly, “Relax, you knew this was coming.  John's more confused than you are.  Just look at him.” He glanced at John, who had sat on the edge of the bed and was beginning to slide onto the floor.
Billy's presence dominated them both.  He had taken control of the situation.  “This has to happen, there's no stopping it now.  You are destined, I was chosen to replace one of the seven of you, but you were born for this moment.
He didn't respond.
“John,” she whispered tenderly.
His eyes flickered.
“John, John, John….”
Far away, John heard his name being called, a sweet heavenly whisper, John, John… John.
Suddenly there he was again, alone in the abyss, and he heard it, the sound, the word, it was an explosion, it was the word which created everything, it was the sound of an explosion, it was the movement of everything that existed.
Again he was dying, falling apart.  He was being cast out into nothingness, everything was chaos.
And through the chaos he heard, over and over, the sound, it moved him.  It shaped him, it was a sweet vibration moving him gently, caressing him, it was a word, a sound, a rhythm, soothing him, healing his pain.
There was nothing but the sound, nothing but the vibrating energy that became a word, repeated over and over.
It was a pattern, forming, and he saw the entity that set it into place; it was a word, and the word was everything that exists.  It had been him, he had become the word, and the word had become him, it was his name.  All around him everything changed from material shape to fluid energy, vibrating into a multitude of life.
His own body had become the sound.


CHAPTER  30

“Bernie,” Zolar called.  “Wake up, Bernie.”
“Oh, man, what was that?” Bernie slumped further down in the hotel armchair.
“That was our Jackie, wasn't it,” Bernie stated flatly, an admission of the obvious.
“Yeah.” Zolar cleared his throat.  “She was the throat.  It should have been the spleen, but the throat was next.” He shook his head in disbelief.
“Do you think she's okay? I mean, they won't kill her afterward or something?”
“She's okay,” Zolar reassured him.  “That's the spleen opening that's the dangerous one.  That's the opening of the destructive power of the universe.”
“Why didn't she tell us what was going on, when she called us?”
“I don't know—unless she didn't know what was happening.  I just don't know.”
“When you say the spleen's the dangerous one, what do you mean?”
“The key to opening the spleen, the person used, will be in danger of dying.  The spleen is destruction but it's also the greed center.  It is the cycle of life and death.  It creates but also destroys.  Like birth and death.  It is centered on the greed factor of all beings.  The true definition of greed is desire.  Whether it's desire for wealth or just the desire for living.  All existence stems from greed.”
“Wait a minute; you're telling me greed is desire?”
“Yes, basically it is.  If there was no desire then nothing could exist.  Greed is analogous to many things.  All greed stems from selfish motivation.”
“Living is a selfish motivation? You lost me there.”
“Our life energy attaches to these shells we live in.  It's hard to explain.  It's like telling you sugar is sweet, and then trying to explain what “sweet” is.  Until you experience it, you can't truly know what sweet is.”
“Okay, I'll accept it for now.” Bernie shrugged.  “You said the spleen is dangerous; well, this was the third opening, so that only leaves four more―and there's still you and me.  That means one of us could be in danger.” Bernie jumped out of the chair as the realization seemed to hit him.  “Damn it, why didn't you say that before? You let Jackie leave, knowing good and well she could have been hurt or killed.  Damn you, what the hell were you thinking of? Why didn't you tell us before?” Bernie's face was red; had clenched his fists by his sides.  He was on the verge of punching Zolar.
“Are you finished?” Zolar asked calmly; his brows rose in exasperation.  “If it was to be, it would be.”
He paused, watching Bernie's reaction.  “Don't you see? It wouldn't matter what we do; the openings will occur.  I thought the spleen would have been next, but somehow the throat was opened.  I don't know how, but someone changed it.  But it was only the time of the opening which changed.”
Bernie opened his mouth to interrupt, but Zolar waved his hand in dismissal of any protests and continued.
“There's only one thing that can change this now.  Since the very first center was opened, nothing can stop the events, unless someone kills the Avatar, our Mr.  John Star.” Zolar mused for a moment.  “Well, I guess Jackie knows our Mr.  Star now.  What I wonder is when will we see her again.  But John Star cannot be easily killed.  I know it can happen–I just don't know how, and with each opening it will become increasingly more difficult to accomplish.”
“Do you think Jackie will even call us?” Bernie grasped at that aspect of what Zolar had said.  All of his anger had been defused with the question.
“I don't know, but I don't see why she shouldn't.”


CHAPTER  31

The room was dark, except for the glow from Mindy’s cigarette.  Mindy sat watching Jamal sleep, and smiled.  Poor Jamal; he had been with her all day, tagging along like a love-struck puppy.  One sick puppy, she thought.  He looked so peaceful she almost regretted using him the way she had; but she really had no choice, she told herself.  She would not be stopped, and anyone who got in her way would regret it.
Jamal had wanted to bed her all day, and had pestered her to the point she was ready to kill him, but she couldn’t.  He was one of the paths, and his path had not been shown yet; she also needed him to access the other paths.  She had kept putting the sex off, knowing that she must wait until the time the path could be seen.  Only then would the joining of bodies be, and she would have access to the opening.  That was the only way she could experience them, at least for now.  His power was growing, and he didn’t know it.
She understood Jamal so much better than he understood himself.  His motivation for hating the whites.  She hated them too.  They were always taking, as if everything material belonged to them.  They would steal it or buy it–-anything to have whatever they wanted–-and they used her people.  They used the black man, the yellow man, they used everyone; they even used each other.  They had no sense of fairness.  It was their desire which made them so evil.  
Her people had learned the ways of the white man, to survive in his world.
The great Cherokee nation had learned to survive, by selling their heritage to the white man.  Oh, how she had hated it, her parents dressing her in beads and braids, in her moccasins, so the whites would pay to have their pictures taken with a real live Indian.  Spit formed in her mouth.
She remembered the day John Fleuric's parents had visited them at the tourist trap in the Smoky Mountains.  It had been her Grandfather who had later explained who he was.  She still kept the picture her Grandfather had taken that day.
She had to pose with little Johnny, so his parents could take his picture, so the sweet little thing could show all his friends he had been with Indians.  She hadn't smiled for the picture; she never did, she hated it.  Then her Grandfather had pulled out his camera and taken additional pictures, and had got the names and address of the people, in the pretense he would send them additional pictures at no extra cost.  She wondered if he had ever sent the pictures.
She sighed, reflecting on her Grandfather.  Her ashes hit the carpet.  She absentmindedly stomped on them with her bare foot.  She looked at the smear on the rug as if it were meant to tell her something.
Her Grandfather had been their spiritual leader, and he had no grandsons to pass the knowledge to, so he had taught her the ways of the spirits and the paths.  He had the sight and had seen the power hidden in the little white boy.
How excited she was, the day she went with her Grandfather to Roanoke, Virginia.  He could see the powers of the sweet mother earth, and had followed the veins of the mother's power to the focal point where they had built a hospital.
This place, Roanoke, had been called by a different tribe, “Big Lick', because of the natural salts nature gave to the deer in the form of a salt lick.
He had spent many years, tracing several of the mother's energies to that spot where the white man had built the hospital.  The Shenandoah Hospital, yes; even the blind white man was able to sense the healing powers of that energy crossing.
She had sat in the old station wagon while her Grandfather and his brother broke into the hospital and stole records of children born the same day as Fleuric.  She knew them all; all of the children born that day.  Her Grandfather had recalled the day when the stars had shone together, which enabled him to find records.  The flames of the hospital as it burned where beautiful in her eyes.  Even at that age, she had wanted the white man dead.
John Fleuric, your power will be my power, and then I will kill you.

Jamal stirred in his sleep, reaching out to feel her body next to him, grasping at empty air.  With her mind she lulled him back into a deeper more tranquil sleep.
He was to have been the next path opening.  She knew the order in which it should have occurred.  That had been why she had chosen him: he was the destroyer.  She needed the power of destruction.  For some reason, she fretted, the throat had opened, but why? Was someone on to her?
Would the constructive power of the throat cause her problems, when the destructive force took over?
She smashed her cigarette into the tray and crawled back into bed.  They wouldn't stop her.


CHAPTER  32

The phone rang three times before John managed to answer it.  “Hello.” He groaned; his own foul breath reflected back into his nostrils.
“Good morning, Mr.  Fleuric.  This is your morning wake up.  “
“Thank you.”  He responded flatly and hung up.
It had taken him three rings to answer because Jackie's head was lying on his numb arm; he eased it out without waking her.  He had awakened on the first ring, but it had taken him a moment to realize who the girl was and to clear his confusion enough to finagle his arm free.
He thought about events of the earlier hours.  He glanced over at Billy asleep on the other bed.  They were all fully clothed he noted and felt a sense of relief.
It was seven a.m., and he had a morning meeting at eight.  He showered, dressed and woke Billy.
“Billy,” John whispered so as to not awaken Jackie, who still slept soundly with a slight husky snore.
“Yes.” Billy came alert immediately as if from practice.
“Shh!” John indicated, using his index finger pursed against Billy's lips.  “She's still asleep,” using the same hand and finger to indicate Jackie.
“I have a meeting that'll probably last all day and I have to attend a social gathering this evening.  I'm afraid I won't be back until late tonight.” John's face was tense with concern and hints of worry.  “I still want to know what's happening and what part you and Jackie are playing.” John spoke slightly louder than he had intended.  “Do you think Jackie will still be here when I get back?”
“I don't know,” Billy answered, but he already knew the answer; she would most definitely be here.  “See you later, John.”
As John left the motel and walked casually along the edge of the golf course, he heard a trumpet being played over a paging system all over the base.  He glanced at his watch and noted it was 8:00.  He kept walking but as he looked around, he noticed the few cars that had been moving had stopped in the middle of the road; the people who had been walking had stopped and were facing the golf course.  The ones in uniform were saluting the golf course.  The trumpet music finished and everyone became reanimated.  He shook his head in curiosity.
John entered one end of building 400.  The building was close to a block long and looked like it was built well over a century ago.
“Good morning, Mr.  Fleuric.”
“Morning, Mr.  Paulus, is the Commander in?”
“He's expecting you.”
“By the way what was that trumpet music about―and why was everyone stopped and facing the golf course?”
Paulus laughed.  “That was morning colors.  At 8:00 each day the flag is hoisted and at sunset they take it down.  On a military base you come to attention for colors.  They weren't facing the golf course, the flag is on the other side of it and they were facing the flag.”
“Oh,” John nodded awkwardly, “That makes sense; thanks for the explanation.”
“No problem.  Sir, Commander Smith is waiting.”
John sighed, dreading the long day.  He had met the Commander yesterday and had ended up in a heated argument with the man.
“Come in, John.”
“Morning, Jake.”
“Coffee?”
“No thanks.”
This morning as John looked at Jake he could sense the man's deepest desire: Not to do a good job, his desire was to look good at all cost.  He was the type of person who would step on anyone's back to get where he wanted, even if it broke the back.  Strange he hadn't sensed this yesterday when he had met him.
John didn't have the energy to argue and rehash the same details today that they discussed yesterday.
“Let's go back to where we were when we disagreed yesterday.” Jake leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms in front of him as if he were ready for confrontation.
“No, let's not.” John's stated emphatically.  His patience had run out.  “I'll explain it again and you will agree.” He didn't give Jake the opportunity to comment; he just stared at him.
Jake remained silent.  In his career of over twenty years he had never been this awestruck as he was by this man sitting across from him, and he had to deal with many ranks of people, both military and political.  He remained still.


* * *

“...  And finally all vessels will have computers that will coordinate and plot courses in conjunction with the sensors on the buoys, pilings, and other vessels.”
John stood and added unconditionally, “You will accept this package and the price.”
John's wait was less than a New York second, when the Commander answered.  “We accept.”
“Jake, it's been a long day; I'm going over to the officer's club, have a bit of supper and then attend the function they are having.  I imagine I will see you there.”
“Yes, you'll see me there.” Jake responded as if it was the only answer he could give.
The Officer's club was directly across from the motel, so John started to stop and see how Billy and Jackie were doing but changed his mind; later, he thought.
Interesting, he mused, how the motel was close to the Officer's Club.  That's so they can get liquored up, stagger over to the motel and get laid.  His stomach quivered at the sleazy imagery which had ran through his mind but he knew he was right; he didn't know how, he just knew.


CHAPTER  33

“Damn, damn, damn!” Bernie cursed as he continued to pace the floor.  “Why the hell hasn't she at least called?”
“I don't know,” Zolar reiterated patiently for what seemed to him the millionth time.  “She's okay, Bernie.”
“It's after four and nothing.  She better be dead or I'm going to kill her—she could have called, that's the least she could do.” Bernie threatened and sat down again, fidgeting.
Zolar knew she was safe; he was more concerned with other matters at the present time.  He was beginning to doubt where all of this was taking them.
Had he been wrong? Was it possible the power being unleashed was evil? He had tried to remain calm in front of Bernie and Jackie and present the appearance of self-assurance, but he was beginning to waver.
His Master had always received his information psychically from the Tibetans.  His own psychic ability was very limited.  Rarely did he ever receive verbal information; it was usually in the form of vague images and impressions.  Could he have misinterpreted them?
His Master had also been his adoptive father.  His mother had died while delivering him.  His mother was to have been the bride of a soldier who had returned with her to the States and settled in Virginia, promising to marry her, but they found that Virginia's laws at that time prohibited him a Caucasian, from marrying an Asian woman.  His father had disappeared after his mother's death and he had been adopted by a couple who had both been professors at Roanoke College and studied the eastern religions.  They journeyed to Tibet and studied under the masters there, becoming masters themselves.  Their particular interest was the laws of energy throughout the universe and their relations to human existence.  All this knowledge had been given to Zolar as he grew up; he had not known then it was preparing him for the responsibility that now weighed heavily upon him.
Now, with all the powerful energies bursting forth, Zolar was feeling somewhat insecure, even a little afraid.  This might be more than he could handle—or even comprehend.
What if this man was evil? he considered.  He had wondered about the two deaths that had occurred in the hotel—he had heard how peculiar they were.  What if the Avatar had been involved?
“Are you listening to me?” Bernie complained again as he resumed his pacing.
Zolar managed only a grunt in reply.


CHAPTER  34

Throbbing temples.  The concentration he had to use to redirect the energy that opened the centers drained him to the point it had felt as if it would kill him.  Michael O'Malley rubbed at his.
It was fortunate he was rich enough to have the oil tanker fake the fire.  Money is power, he mused―but nothing like the real power John was developing.  All of them had the power of the centers.  They had each been born with it, but most of them didn't know they had it or how to use it until their centers opened.  Even though he had been substituted he still had his power.  But the combined power John would achieve would be beyond control.
Michael went into the bathroom and splashed water on his face.  He stared at his reflection in the mirror.  He thought his own image seemed unreal, wavering as though no more than liquid, his own substance insubstantial.
The next opening should be one of destruction; he had to prepare for it.  After this, John would become dangerous.
He had faked the fire to draw him away from the black man.  Perhaps John would learn to control himself through the communications, and the destructive force wouldn't be so deadly.  That had been the reason he had redirected the opening.  He would have to watch John and judge him to see if he misused the power.
Yes, Michael nodded at his image, the black man was next.  Michael knew all of them: All of the people who would be openings.  His Grandfather had bought the information many years ago.
He would have liked to have seen the preacher’s face when he received the money he had sent.  The man had never seen so much money at one time.  Michael almost smiled at the thought.  He had hoped he would follow the directions and move into the Castleton.
He sighed; all of those years, while he had amnesia, his detectives had continued to keep track of each one of the people involved.  Money was all it took; when he called them, they told him where each person was.  He wondered if the detectives had thought it strange, that these people were to be followed twenty-four hours a day for all of these years.  Hell, why did it matter what they thought? They did it for the money.
He had worried about how he was going to get the black man into the hotel without him becoming suspicious, but the Indian woman had solved his problem.
His detectives were checking into her background.  Surely she wasn't involved, but he was going to have her checked out.  Better safe than sorry.
He didn't know when John would come back to the hotel, but he would follow the black man.  That way, when the next center opened, he would be there.  Yes, the black man was to be next.


CHAPTER  35

His stomach rumbled from hunger; no wonder―he hadn't eaten all day.  Thomas rubbed the stubble on his face realizing, he hadn't shaved or bathed either.  He still sat naked.  Over and over he kept thinking about Becky.
Angel ― was she really an Angel? Did Angels share carnal knowledge with man? He didn't think so.
He remembered the passage in the Bible about Lucifer's Angels coming to earth and fornicating with man.  Yes, the woman had probably been one of Lucifer's Angels.  The women were called “succubus” or was that “incubus,” stalactites hang tight and stalagmites stand with might, yes that was it: succubus like to suck, while incubus stuck it in.  That was the way he remembered it.
When the last vision had occurred he had screamed out loud as the sound had kept drumming in his head.  He felt as if he were losing his mind.  He had contemplated killing himself, but he couldn't, God might forgive the fornication but never suicide.
But as he had sat there alone, sometimes praying, sometimes staring off into space he had come to the conclusion it was time to act.  He would use the money that had been given to him, even if it came from the devil himself and he had figured that was exactly the source from which it came.
He would find the Beast and he would destroy him.

* * *

Morgan pulled the sheet up to her chin.  She had waited all day in her room for John to call.  She knew he would.  That was the way he was, ever so gentlemanly, even though he had been frightened and sickened by their sexual union.  She knew that would happen; her parents had prepared her for it.
She thought about the woman she had replaced.  Her parents had arranged everything.  They had paid the girl's grandfather to steal the birth documents and to mislead the girl―the full blooded Cherokee girl who was to have been the sexual opening.  But the girl's parents had ascertained she had too much hate in her.  She wondered how the girl's grandfather had done it, why she hadn't known what was happening and where she was now.
She had been shocked when Michael O'Malley had appeared; her parents had told her he was dead.  What role was he playing? She knew he was somehow connected with the change in the order of openings of the centers.  The spleen should have been next, but it wasn't.  How was this going to affect everything?
There were still four of them left; the Jew, the African, the Oriental, and the other Anglos were yet to come.  She was lucky she had some Indian blood or she would never have been able to be a substitute.
She understood how she was mentally linked with Jackie and Billy, and how they were all connected.  She didn't understand why there had been three pure Anglos, but now she did.  The Anglos were the dominating force of modern history so far, with their greed to control the planet.  That was why there were three, because they each represented different fractions of the Anglos race.
And then there was John! He was truly magnificent.  It was all up to him now.  How would John use the power he was gathering? Only the last opening would tell for sure.


	         V.  THE FOURTH CHAKRA 
                 VISSUDDHA THE THROAT


All which exist is in motion, from the atoms to the galaxies, nothing stands still.  It is the throat center which sends forth the vibratory pattern, shaping and forming the energy, setting it forth in the Universal Plan.  As does the thought crystallizes in motioned image, the throat shall send it forth.
THE DOCTRINE OF THE CHAKRA CENTERS by Tawadin Djwahan



CHAPTER  36

Michael sat in the lobby waiting for Jamal.  He had been there since eight and it was now three in the afternoon.
“Mr.  O'Malley, are you sure I can't order you something to eat? You've missed lunch, and you need nourishment to maintain such a big frame.” Rudy the desk clerk once again fawned over Michael.
It was obvious to Michael what Rudy wanted but he felt only amused tolerance.  “No thank you Rudy, I'm fine.  I don't expect to be here much longer anyway.”
Well, if there's anything I can do call me.  I'm here until four.” Rudy added with delicate emphasis.
Michael shrugged wordlessly and forced himself to smile.  He had just glanced at his watch for the thousandth time when Jamal and the Indian girl got off the elevator.
Finally, he thought.  Michael had hired a car so he could follow them if they got a taxi; it would be waiting across the street.  If they used a bus or the subway he would follow them on foot.  He followed them as they left the hotel, making sure he kept far enough back that they wouldn't notice him.  
Rudy had just clocked off his shift and noticed Mr.  O'Malley was no longer sitting in the lobby.  When he looked around to see if he could spot him he noticed he was just passing through the revolving door.
Since the day Michael O'Malley had checked in a lot of strange things had happened.  Most likely they were coincidence, but the fact he had shown up looking like an indigent, and then suddenly displayed excessive wealth over the past several days, was intriguing.  Rudy was always fascinated by those sorts of things.  He couldn't help sticking his nose in other people's business; that's just the way he was.  He even went so far as to check O'Malley's phone bill.  All those long-distance calls to London, South Africa, and Japan; he had converted his charges to an unlimited charge card.  There had been rumors among the staff that he owned a large percentage of the chain, but he wasn't able to verify it.  It might be fun to follow him, he thought.

* * *

Azid had been sitting on the sidewalk across from the Castleton all morning.  He had been sitting there all morning.  He had spent most of yesterday following Jamal, and had returned this morning to see what Jamal was up to.

Jamal had called last night, checking in to see how everything was, and he had tried to question him on what he was doing.  “I'm just taking a vacation to get me a little tail.  I think I deserve it.  Is that okay with you?” Jamal had said irritably.
He didn't know what was up, but Jamal seemed different, distant and standoffish.  When he had tried to question him about the white man, Jamal had told him don't worry about it; that was exactly what he was doing, keeping an eye on the man.
First Jamal had told him it was for some ass; then he said it was to watch the man.  Jamal was up to something, and he was determined to find out what.  Jamal seemed too preoccupied with this white man; something was wrong, very wrong.
Azid was just ready to leave for the evening when Jamal and the girl left the hotel, walking south.  He stayed across the street and followed them.  After several blocks he noticed Jamal and the girl were also being followed by a white man, and that man was being followed by another white man.
Azid felt comfort from the knife he kept strapped to his ankle.  If Jamal had any problems he would be ready; Jamal could depend on him.
Azid didn't mind the girl, but if the other white man showed up he just didn't know about that.

* * *

“Jamal, where are we going?” Mindy asked, knowing that since Jamal would be the next center, she shouldn't try to lead him, but should allow him to pick and choose the way.  He would be in the right place at the right time.  He didn't even realize it, but even if he did, it still wouldn't matter.  No matter where he went it would happen.
“I thought we would just walk around, maybe go over to the Village.  I'd like to show you the sights, baby.” Jamal took Mindy's hand.  He felt good.  He hadn't felt this content in years, since his last girlfriend had died of an overdose.
They spent the day wandering around the Village, down past the World Trade Center and ended up in Battery Park.  Jamal insisted they go over to the Statue of Liberty.  Of course Mindy had paid for everything: Their dinner in a small quaint café in the Village, and then their ferry ride to the statue.

* * *

Michael had continued to follow them throughout the day, so intent on his task he never noticed he was being followed, in turn, not by one person but two.  He stayed as close to the couple as possible without them becoming suspicious.
* * *

Rudy was getting tired; it was almost eleven.  He had started to approach Michael a couple of times to just “accidentally” run into him, but he had realized Michael was following the black man and his girlfriend.  His curiosity made him wait to see why.  Something very strange was happening, and he was determined to find out what.  He wondered if it had anything to do with his friend who worked the night shift dying or the man in the elevator.  There were quite a few strange people checking into the hotel—stranger than usual—and they were all staying on the second floor.
He had sat in the park while they went over to the statue.  He knew they would be back; the ferry boat embarked and returned to the same place.  His feet were getting tired and he found himself a bench in sight of the terminal and waited there for them to return.

* * *
Azid stood in the shadows watching his quarry leave for Liberty Island.  One white man got on the boat; the other one found a bench and was waiting.  At first he had thought the two men were both on the tail; then he realized the second one was just a gay who had been following the first one.  But what the first one was up to, he still wasn't sure.


* * *

Billy looked down at Jackie, still asleep.  It was almost eleven and she had slept since her center had opened.  John had left early but had told Billy to watch over Jackie, and that he wanted a full explanation of what was going on as soon as he returned.
Jackie groaned and opened her eyes; she felt comforted seeing Billy there.  She now shared his secret along with Morgan.
Jackie went silently to the bathroom and refreshed herself in a long comforting shower; as soon as she came out John had returned from his long day.  Neither Jackie nor Billy had eaten that day; although she had slept, she was feeling hunger pains which physically hurt.
“Well Billy, what's going on?” John said as soon as he entered.
Jackie saw Billy hesitate and quickly said, “Can we go get something to eat? I'm starving.”
“I'm sorry,” John said, “where are my manners? You haven't eaten all day?”
“Me neither, boss,” Billy added.
“Jackie, have you been asleep all day?” John asked, noticing Jackie yawn.
“How did you guess?”  She smiled.
“We've just got time to catch the 11:15 boat into the city,” Billy said.
They silently got into Billy's truck and drove on to the ferry boat.  As they sat in the truck John again asked.  “Well, Billy, start talking.  Tell me what's going on.”
“Can we wait till we eat?” Jackie intervened.  “We can tell you while we eat.”
Billy sighed, and started his engine as soon as the ferry boat docked on the Manhattan side.
“How about some of Ray's world famous pizza?” Jackie asked.
“Sounds good to me,” Billy agreed.  “Let me pull out of here and I'll circle the block and come back down to it.  You have to take a right here, “ Billy explained to John, “and then you go up, go left and then come back down.  Actually the pizza joint is right at the South Ferry subway terminal.” Billy pointed to his left.  “You can see it from here; of course, the hard thing is finding a place to park over there.”
But they were in luck and found a place to park.  They each ordered two slices of cheese pizza and a soda.
“Let's sit over in the park and have our pizza.” Jackie suggested.
“Yeah,” Billy agreed.  “Then I can fill you in on everything I know, John.”
“Okay by me.”
They chose a bench near the spot where the Liberty Island ferry boat tied up and began to eat.
They sat there for a few minutes staring out across the black water, Ms.  Liberty shining brightly as always with her image wavering in fragments of reflected light.
The Liberty Island ferry boat pulled closer to the dock and then the lines from her aft and stern were thrown out to tie her up.
As John sat there waiting for the others to satisfy their hunger so he could get an explanation, he saw his friend Michael O'Malley getting off the ferry boat.  He didn't pay any attention to the couple who were in front of Michael.
“Michael,” John called out.  Jackie turned to Billy and nodded.  Billy nodded in understanding.
Michael looked up to see if someone was calling him; Michael was a common name.  Then he heard “Michael, Michael O'Malley, hey–over here.”
John started to walk over to greet Michael―and stopped short.  The couple in front of Michael came to a stop in front of John.
Jamal looked into John's eyes.  He hadn't been this close to the man before, but even in the street light glare from the park he could tell there was something unusual about him.
“Yes.”  Mindy thought, face to face.
As Azid stood in the shadow he couldn't hear anything.  He could only see the white man confront Jamal.  He was keyed up, taunt with tension from his long vigil.
The black man stopped in front of John and looked directly into John's eyes.  John started to dismiss the feeling of familiarity he felt toward the man, but as he stood there, the feeling increased in intensity.  Do I know him?
John extended his hand in greeting to the man and started to introduce himself.
Azid saw the white man's arm move toward Jamal and with swift reflexes pulled his knife from his anklet sheath.  He was behind John before anyone realized from where he had appeared.
John glanced over Jamal's shoulder at Michael's terrified face and wondered what was wrong.
Billy jumped from the bench as he spied Azid darting forth with the knife.  He recognized the dangerous potential of what was happening.
At the same moment, Jamal saw Azid coming toward the white man.  “Azid!” He shouted in protest.
But Azid interpreted the shout as encouragement; and he and his blade were one, intent on the white man's back.
Jamal shoved John aside as hard as he could just as Azid's blade touched John's flesh.  John's shirt slit under the blade's sharp edge as it sliced a long gash from the middle of John's lower back around his side.
Azid's weight and momentum continued with the inertia and his blade didn't stop until its full length entered Jamal's gut.
Jamal fell to the ground across John's unconscious body.
The world began to fade before the eyes of all of the onlookers.  All were being drawn into the vortex of John's energy center spinning open.  Even Azid, the assailant, and Rudy who still watched the scene from the bench as it unfolded were pulled along into the opening.
As Mindy stared down at Jamal and the world faded, she smiled.
From across town Morgan, Bernie, Zolar and the Reverend Thomas Lamb experienced their invisible connection.
Once again, John was alone in the center of the universal nothingness.  He felt as if his very being were being split in half; as if the pain was tearing him apart.  With each division of himself, he was no longer alone―but was now two, and then four, and then more.
He was being torn into fragments, but he continued to cling to a fragment of himself for fear of being alone again.
His mind became fragmented; each part began to think on its own.  Each aspect of himself began to live―and they forgot who they had been.  As the fragments began to view the whole, each part became limited to its own perception of where it was when it separated.  All concept of his previous wholeness vanished.
But then parts of him wanted to become all of him again, and while other parts did not.  The parts began to fight to control the whole; finally he cast away all those parts of him which fought.  The stillness around him was shattered as he cast that which had been him out and again he exploded into nothingness—for there was only him.  It all repeated over and over....


CHAPTER  37

“Captain―come quick,” a sailor from the Liberty ferry boat called.  As the Captain came out he surveyed the collapsed bodies on the dock and one man on the gangway.
The Captain and his first mate started down the gangplank just as the man slumped there stirred to consciousness.
Michael raised his head as he heard the vibration of their feet hit the metal plank.  He scanned the area and counted five people on the ground, and a girl on the bench; all apparently were still unconscious.
He knew John was not seriously hurt, for it would take something more extreme to do him any great damage, but he was unsure about Jamal.  He had seen the knife enter Jamal just before he blacked out.
Michael managed to step over the Indian girl and rolled Jamal off John.  The knife remained stuck in Jamal and he was losing blood; his breathing was shallow and his skin was clammy from shock.
As Michael examined Jamal, John began to groan.
“John,” Michael said, “this man is dying—you must help him.  “
The realization of what had happened began to sink into John's groggy mind.
“Michael, what can I do?”
“When I pull the knife out, place your hand on the wound and order it to heal itself.”
John looked at Michael as if the poor man had gone daft.  “Michael, I think we had better call an ambulance.”
“I'll call one from the boat's radio.” The ferry boat captain offered running back up the gangway.
“John, he doesn't have that much time.  He'll be dead before they get an ambulance here.  Just do what I tell you,” Michael ordered.
John shrugged but then nodded.  At this point what damage could he do? It was quite apparent by just looking at the man that he was close to death—if he died did he really care? John wasn't sure.
Michael pulled the knife out.  “Now, John, place your hand over the wound and tell it to heal.”
John complied, feeling confused and a little foolish about Michael's belief that he could do such a thing.  But everything had suddenly become unreal—and this was certainly no stranger than what had been happening to him over the past several days.
“Heal!” John spoke evenly as he placed his hand on Jamal's open, bleeding wound.
John's hand began to tingle as if a million needles were being stuck into it.  Jamal's hard muscular stomach felt as if it were water, and John could see down into Jamal as if every cell in Jamal had become transparent.  Michael could feel the energy John was drawing from him to perform this miracle.  Yes, that was the word, Michael thought; he is taking my faith in him, utilizing my energy and combining it with his own energy, and healing him.  Although he told himself it wasn't a real miracle―John was just using the energy of the universe to correct the problem.
As John looked down into Jamal, he could see the transparent cells realigning themselves as if they were in a vibratory symphony, dancing to his vocalization of the word heal.
As John leaned over Jamal, Michael saw Jamal's eyes open and look up at John; something passed between them.  Jamal glanced at Michael with his new understanding of what was happening to him.
When John removed his hand, there was no longer a hole in Jamal; the skin was smooth and he hadn't even left a scar.
John stared aghast, first at Jamal and then at Michael.
Michael looked over the others, saw that they were still unconscious and warned, “We can't tell them, not yet.”
John stood up, walked blindly over to where Jackie still slumped over on the bench, and sat down, staring off into the darkness.
Michael yelled up to the Captain to cancel the call for the ambulance—everything was okay.
Michael then went around and roused each of the others.  He looked around and saw another person prone on a bench, away from the group.  He decided he had better check him out to see if it was just someone sleeping in the park, or someone who observed what had happened and been drawn into it.
When Michael approached the bench he groaned.  Rudy, he thought, that damn little peacock, what the hell was he doing here? He must have followed him and had been witness to the whole thing.  “Wake up.” Michael prodded the man.  “You're coming with us.”
Rudy looked up and smiled and thought, anytime sugar.  Then he remembered what he had witnessed and sat up, shivering nervously, but remained silent.
When Billy regained his senses, he saw Michael had been busy taking care of everything—but Michael was looking severely fatigued.  Billy wasn't sure what was happening to Michael but figured he had better take control; no one else seemed to have any idea what to do.  He almost started laughing as he thought they looked like a bunch of lost sheep—each one seemed more confused than the next.
Billy went to them one by one, told them to get into his truck and pointed them in that direction.  They started following, one after the other, all silent but obeying Billy's commands.
When they got to the truck he directed John and Jackie into the cab, and assisted each of the others into the truck bed.
“Sit down,” he ordered.  “We're going uptown to a hotel.  We can all recover there.”
Jamal sat with his arm around Mindy; Azid sat beside Jamal.  Michael helped Rudy scoot in, and then flopped down beside him.
Billy got behind the wheel and started it up.  “Hold on.  I'll take it slow,” he yelled back to the group.
John sat beside Jackie, his expression blank.  Jackie had taken his hand in hers and was using her other hand to stroke the back of his hand.
“It is okay, John,” she soothed as he sat there seemingly unhearing, between them.


CHAPTER  38

Thomas slumped over the porcelain bowl.  After he regained consciousness he had thrown up.  What was he going to do? He didn't think he could handle any more of these visions.  He hoped his plan worked.  He had spent all of yesterday formulating it.  He had used the devil's own money which he had received, and had placed an ad in the New York Times.  He wanted to draw the Beast out.  He didn't know what else he could do but he would at least try.
His add had read, “Each night at midnight I have joined with you and now it's time for us to meet.  I will be front of Macy's at twelve noon today.  I think you will know me.” The ad would be a small block on the third page of the front section and he felt it would be noticed.
Thousands would probably pass him on the street and millions more would read the ad and wonder how strange it was.  Some would probably turn out on the street just to see if they could figure it out.  He shrugged, it didn't matter how many showed and he might not be able to tell who the beast was but he felt he would be able to recognize the beast after all he had experienced so far.
He ran the names of the people over in his head.  Billy, Morgan, Jackie and Jamal, why was each one of these names given when he had one of the visions? He knew the Beast was involved but it all seemed so strange.  The blasphemy that each vision had displayed was a sacrilege to his Lord Jesus Christ.
And the evil of the succubus, Becky, why had that occurred.  Had the Beast sent her, or it, he corrected himself for those dark angels had no gender.  Why had she been important? She was quit lovely, he thought.
He shook his entire body.  Where had that thought come from? Was he becoming a degenerate.
As he shifted his weight from the porcelain bowl he saw a swift shadow with his peripheral vision dart quickly past.  His heart thumped rapidly and he jerked his head around to see what was there.
Nothing.  It was his imagination.  He sighed and slumped down to where he was sitting on his legs.  Again he saw the reflection of an erect shadow image move across the medicine cabinet mirror but this time he moved slowly to stare at the mirror.
Again nothing was there.
As he sat there looking at the mirror he felt as if someone or something was standing behind him.
He whipped around expecting to see Becky, his succubus.
Nothing!  Damn it he was being driven crazy.
He pushed himself to a standing position and stumbled through the half lit room to his bed.
He had to get some rest for he had to be in front of Macy's by noon.
As he laid down he formulated his plan.  When he had identified the Beast he would recite the scripture which had come to him in his dream.  He thought about the verse and he felt sure this would vanish the Beast back to the pit from which he had came.
“Get the hence Satan.” He repeated aloud as he drifted off to sleep.


CHAPTER  39

Bernie shivered and got up to check the rooms thermostat.  Seventy that was comfortable, he told himself.  He glanced over at Zolar, who was sprawled out on the couch, still sleeping.
Let him sleep, he thought, he wished he could sleep but he couldn’t seem to make his mind rest.  He was tired but he was worried.  That last opening had been awful.  He was nauseous and had called room service for some milk and crackers to help settle his stomach.
Why hadn’t they heard from Jackie?
He told himself, he shouldn’t worry so much about her but he couldn’t help it.  He had grown attached to her.  Attached, was that the word?  It was more like love but he didn’t want to admit it.  What would his mother think of a white bread girl?  After all they had experienced together it was no wonder the bond had developed so rapidly.
There was a knock at the door and Bernie answered it.
The room service boy delivered his milk and crackers and gave him the morning paper.  Bernie glanced at his watch, it was almost three a.m., he hadn’t realized how early the first edition was printed.  Bernie thanked him and gave him a tip but as he was ready to close the door, the elevator opened and a large group of people got off.  Being from New York, Bernie had learned not to stare directly at people to find out what was going on but had developed the fine art of  quick glance observation with a brief flick of the eye.
With his short glance before he shut the door Bernie didn't ascertain very much nor was he able to see the entire group of people but he did feel that something was familiar with the group.  Although they were silent, to silent to have been partying, he felt something was strange about them.
He sat down to his milk and crackers and began reading the paper in hopes it would take his mind away from his worries.  As he skimmed the paper he came to an ad, a very unusual add:

Each night at midnight I have Joined with you and now it's time for us to meet.  I will be in front of Macy's at twelve noon today.  I think you will know me.
He read and reread it.  Was it possible? Was it one of the other centers? His heart began to beat rapidly.  He thought for a moment, four centers already had opened so that meant there were only three left.  He and Zolar and one other.  Was it possible this was from the other person?
Or could it be a lure from the Avatar.  He still wondered how Jackie had met this Avatar.  She had gone to her ship and then the phone call they had received before her center opened was the last they heard.  It had been short and even at the time he had the impression she wasn't alone.  She seemed to be stifling her conversation, so he hadn't pressed her to where she was.  He wished he had, damn him to hell, he sure wished he had.  Zolar had kept assuring him that she was okay but since he hadn't heard from her, he was afraid she had been kidnapped again.
Maybe he should go to Macy's today and see.  Could he recognize another center? He was sure Zolar could but he didn't want to tell him.  If it wasn't the center but was the people who took Jackie maybe they would take him too and he didn't want to jeopardize Zolar.
At first he had thought the black man who had taken Jackie before had taken her again but after the last center opened several hours ago he knew it wasn't.  That opening had been the black man, Jamal.
It was strange that after each person was used he knew their name, but only their first name as if their name was part of the key to the opening.  Perhaps it was the vibration of the sound of their name that caused it.
Bernie shook his head as if to get rid of the thought.  God, I'm starting to talk like Zolar, he accused himself.
Yes now he knew their names, Billy had been the first, the Solar Plexus, the giver of life.  Then there was Morgan, the sex center that was procreation.  His sweet Jackie, the third.  It had been so obvious, she was in to communication.  They should have realized she would be the Throat Center.  Then the one that just happen Jamal the spleen, the destructive force.
He laughed, he hoped the N double A, C, P, didn't find out, they would say that Jamal had been type cast.  He had to get some rest he was beginning to get punchy and he had a lot to do today.  He would go to the meeting unless he heard from Jackie first.
After Jackie's center opened he realized which center he would be.  He was definitely going to have a long day, because he would be the next one.  He would be the Heart Center.  It was so obvious, Jackie was communications it was obvious that he would be the Heart Center.
He smiled neither Jackie nor Zolar had asked him what type of work he did.  The subject just never came up.  He knew what Jackie did for a living but he didn't know about Zolar.  He wondered.
He didn't want to ask Zolar now because then Zolar would ask him what he did.  He wasn't ashamed of what he did and his mother love to brag to all her friends and was always trying to fix him up with a ‘nice Jewish girl.’
He could just here his mother telling some woman, “Honey, you got to meet my son the doctor,” and then she would pause for effect and smile “he's a heart specialist.”
He stared at the ad again.  It would be at noon and in public.  That should be safe, thirty four street was always crowded.  Well anyway, he thought, at least it wasn't close to the witching hour.


CHAPTER  40

As the elevator opened to their floor Billy ushered everyone forward.
“Straight ahead room 230.” He said as they exited.  No one had said anything since the incident in Battery Park.  He wasn't quite sure what he was doing but he knew he had to get John back to his room.  John needed to rest.
As they left the elevator a room service boy was headed toward the employee elevator on the other end of the passage.  Billy sighed, a relief of thanks that the group was quit.  He noted that a door not far from the elevator closed as they were entering the hallway.  He looked at Jackie and could see the fatigue in her eyes but she managed to force a smile for him.  He returned her knowing smile.
She now knew what was happening and was working with him to ensure there would be no problems.
They were mentally connected now as he had become connected to Morgan.  Now Jamal was also linked to them.  Although all of the mental connections were weak and sometimes spasmodic but when they focused their thoughts they were able to relay, if not the words, then the very idea of what they needed to pass.

Jamal and the Indian girl walked in front of them and Jackie held John's arm.  The other black man just followed Jamal like a full grown dog follows its master as if he obeyed silent commands Jamal may give him.
He wasn't sure about Jamal yet, he had felt the hate which had festered in the black man and he wondered how this would affect his behavior toward John.
The pretty Indian woman was as silent as the rest but her eyes seemed to be more alive than the others as if she were in turmoil of thought, yet her face remained passive.
Then there was the clerk who was following John's friend Michael like a love sick puppy.  Billy smiled to himself as he realized that twice he had compared them to dogs.  After all wasn't dog backward god.
Billy opened the door to his room with his card key and directed everyone in.
“I'm going to put John to bed if you have any questions I will be back in a few minutes.” Billy opened the door between his and John's room, and John silently followed Billy's directions without comment.  He seemed as if he were in a mild state of shock.
“Jackie, would you help me?” Billy asked silently to Jackie and she responded without answer.
Billy and Jackie undressed John and tucked him into bed.

* * *

Mindy stared after the boy and girl as they led John to his room.
Finally, she thought, I am near him and they cannot get rid of me without getting rid of Jamal.  She stroked Jamal's arm and he smiled at her.  He managed to return her smile.  He was fatigued and she knew she needed to get him to bed to rest.  He must recover.  Her powers had increased with this last connection and her power of destruction was vastly increased but the time was not yet.  She must wait until the last path is opened.
Upon the last opening she would destroy all of them.  She smiled inwardly knowing the power she was going to have.  She would destroy all of the humanity that had infected the sweet Mother Earth, only her people and those who did not work to destroy the planet with their cars and pollution would survive.
Yes, the world would return to the paradise meant to be, before the white man had infected her with his death machines.  Yes, no more cars, planes, or concrete.  Man, true man, she thought, would return to the life and be one with the mother again.  No electricity, no bombs, no hatred and no more greed.  And they would all be indebted to her.  If any evilness reared its head she would destroy it.
Billy and Jackie reentered and Mindy animated herself with her most sincere manners.
“Hi, I'm Mindy, Jamal's friend.” Mindy introduced herself to the group but she focused her attention on Billy for he seemed to be John's keeper.
Billy glanced at Jackie quizzically but responded to Mindy and introduced himself.  “Hello, I'm Billy.”
They each in turn introduced themselves as if they were students in class.
“I'm Jackie.”
“I'm Michael.”
“I'm Rudy.”
Finally it was Azid's turn but he was quiet.  They all focused their attention on him waiting for him to identify himself.  
“I want to know what the fuck's going on.”  He stated.
“That's Azid.” Jamal intervened.  “He's my friend and he only meant to protect me.  He thought John was trying to harm me.” He addressed them but tried to justify Azid's action for Billy and Jackie's sake.
Jamal understood how Azid felt but he now felt bonded to the other people who were centers.  Although he wasn't quite as confused about the facts as Azid.
He glanced at Billy and Jackie, realizing he no longer felt hostile towards them even though they were white.  There was something else which had replaced the hatred it was a feeling of sameness as if they were family.  Like Azid was family, no, even closer than Azid.  He wasn't sure.
“I don't think this is the time to talk about this.  Mindy has a room here in this hotel also and I've been staying with her.  I think we should go get some rest and talk about this later.” Jamal said and then turned to Azid.
“Azid there are two beds and you can crash in one if Mindy don't mind.” Jamal looked at Mindy for the answer to his question.
“No that's fine.  I think we all need some rest.” She answered graciously, but thought to herself, I'll get rid of this Azid before the next opening tonight.
Rudy had been sitting watching everything as it had taken place in the park.  He had been swept into the opening and experienced what had taken place.  Now he just listened and tried to sort it all out.  He had begun to feel a bond with these people, these strangers, he clarified to himself and what was more amazing it was not sexual, even toward Michael.  And Mr.  Fleuric, who was he, he thought.  Why was the man so special?
“Well Rudy, do you have far to go home?” Michael asked Rudy.
“Yes, I live in Queens.” He glanced at his watch and added.  “It's only four hours until I have to be back at the desk to go to work, I guess I'll go find a chair to sleep in, back in housekeeping.”
“You can stay in my room.” Michael volunteered.  “But no funny stuff, besides I want to find out why you were following me.”
Rudy's face turned beet red.  After all that had happened he had forgotten what he had been doing which had led him to be there in Battery Park when the incident occurred.
“I, I...”  Rudy began but Michael interrupted him.
“Not now later when I've got you alone.”
Rudy nodded, not knowing what to say.
Jackie just stood and watched without comment as everyone took their leave.  She turned to Billy after they shut the door.  “Billy, I have a couple of friends staying in the hotel here and they're involved with this too, and if I wake them up now I'm sure they will insist that I answer their questions and I don't think I'm up to it right now.  Could I spend the rest of the night here?”
“Sure, but you'll have to sleep with me.  As you can see I only have the one bed.  Oh, by the way I sleep without my clothes.  I hope you don't mind.”
Jackie smiled and winked at him.  “That's okay, I slept with all mine on.  We've shared a lot lately but I'm not ready for anything else, not yet, not now.”
Billy nodded.  “No problem.  I'm made of stone besides that would be fraternization anyway, wouldn't it?”
They both feel into deep roars of laughter for the bonds they had experienced where already greater than any sexual bonds could ever be.
Jackie went to the bathroom and changed into a pair of paisley pajamas she had brought in her carry case.  She tied her hair back and grinned as she thought about climbing into bed with another man.  When she returned Billy was already in the bed leaving her room and was facing the opposite edge with his back to her.  His bare muscular shoulders were over the edge of the spread.  She unbuttoned the top button of her pajamas then slowly lifted the covers back far enough to see he really was sleeping as he had threatened, naked!
She grinned and thought, “sleeping with all these men and still a virgin.” Her nipples became erect as she slipped between the sheets.  She sighed and drifted gently off to sleep.


CHAPTER  41

John lay in bed staring up at the granulated ceiling.  He could hardly believe what had happen to him.  Through the slightly cracked window curtain he could see it was daylight but it must be early for the external light was faint as if it were just past dawn.
He looked around the hotel room and recalled where he was.  Faint flickers of memory streamed into his thinking of how he had gotten there.  Billy and Jackie had taken care of him and put him to bed.  He reached for his watch where one of them had left it on the night stand, along with the other items he carried with him.  Ten thirty! He had slept late.
Must be cloudy, he thought, for it should be a lot lighter outside than what appeared through the crack to the outer world.
He wondered where Billy was, and then concluded he must be in his room.  From all that Billy had said the past several nights there seemed to be some kind of enlightenment taking place and Billy seemed to know most of the answers.
These mysterious revelations which seemed to be the origin of the universe itself were most unsettling.
He went to the bathroom for his morning ritual.  They had put him to bed in just his drawers.  He couldn't quite remember which one had removed his pants.  He thought about the woman, Jackie, quite attractive he mused.
As he finished he noticed his side, which had been sliced by the attack of the Black man, displayed no cut, not even a scar.
As he bathed he thought about Morgan for the first time in several days.  He groaned as her supple body and angelic face flashed through his thoughts.  He hadn't called her and he guessed it was time to rectify his oversight.  He had no appointments scheduled for today so he would have time to see a little of the city and make amends to Morgan.
He finished showering and dressed.  It was time to interrogate Billy, he thought.  Yes, Mr.  Billy boy, you seem to have all the answers and it was fine time to let him in on what was going on.
He would see if Billy was awake.  He really owed the boy a lot.  He couldn't have asked for a better friend and confidant.
He stood before the mirror attached to his wall and combed his hair.  As he stood there looking at himself he began to feel he was looking at someone else other than himself.
The images of the incident that had taken place last night rambled through his mind.  He had spotted Michael getting off of the boat in Battery Park and was calling to him.  Then the black man was between him and Michael.  It seemed surrealistically familiar.  The other black man had attacked him from the rear and cut his back and accidentally stabbed his friend.  Although the stabbing of the black man had been a mistake the man had definitely tried to kill John.
The most amazing thing was not even the primal visitation back to the origin of the universe but was when Michael had told him, no ordered was more accurate, to heal the stabbed man.
He spread his hands and fingers wide before him and inspected them with some awe.  They seemed normal he told himself.
As he thought about the man trying to stab him he felt angry.  The man hadn't even been arrested and they had all returned to the hotel together.  He had felt to tired to protest at the time but remembered feeling upset about them allowing him to come back with them.  The black man was dangerous and should be locked up or killed.  He wondered where they all were now.
He shrugged―people like him usually got life in prison or a severe length of time to serve.  If he had succeeded he might have gotten the death penalty.
Time to find out where Billy is, he thought but hesitated before he opened the door between their rooms.  What if they were all still in the next room?
Well so what if they were, he rejected the possibility of fear from confrontation.  He smiled, this trip had been a true growing experience for him.  A week ago he would have run from his own shadow or even a woman such as Morgan, but now he felt he could handle anything or anybody.
He opened the door and as he stood there allowing his eyes to readjust to the light he discovered a scene which would have shocked his sensitive nature only a week before and only a few days ago would have disgusted him but not this morning.
Yes, he had changed and must still be changing.  There in bed laid Jackie her hips spooned up into Billy's groin.
John actually grinned and stood silently like a voyeur watching.  As if by some unspoken cue Billy rolled over on his back and looked up at John as if he were trying to determine what John was thinking.
“It's not what you think, boss.”  Bill protested.
With the sound of Billy's voice, Jackie's stilled body animated.
“Yeah boss,” she mimicked as if she could already tell their situation had not upset John even though he had assumed they had done the wild thing.
Jackie pulled the cover back to display to John that she was in fact clothed in her pajamas.  Unfortunately Billy's lack of clothing was displayed in the same swoop.
Billy didn't try to hide his nakedness from Jackie or John even though his erectness was boldly protruding.
“I didn't say a thing.” John smiled.  “But either that's a morning piss hard or Jackie's derriere is very stimulating or both.”  John laughed at his own bold words and Jackie joined in with Billy following shortly behind.
None of them including Jackie was embarrassed by Billy’s state of undress.
“Well Billy, I would say you're Semper Paratus.” Jackie said and giggled.
Billy's laughter roared and when he saw John's confused look he said, “‘Semper Paratus’ is the Coast Guard's motto, it means Always Ready.”
They all laughed until Jackie was wiping tears from her eyes and grabbing at her side.
It was the catharsis they needed.
“Why don't you two get cleaned up and I'll treat us to some lunch.  It's to late for breakfast.” John volunteered.
“Community showers Jackie?”  Billy asked hopefully.
“I don't think so, besides there are two guys ahead of you, waiting.” Jackie smiled and climbed out of the bed shucked her pajamas there in the room in front of John and Billy.  It was her way of telling them she trusted them totally.  “I'm showering first after all, rank has it's privileges.”
Both guys stared brazenly at her beautiful firmness―appreciating her gentle curves and the warm complexion of her skin.
“While Jackie's showering I want to ask you some questions about what is going on.” John's tone became serious.
“Damn!” John said with the interruption from a knock at the door.
Billy covered up as John opened the door.
“Good morning, Morgan,” John said groping for words.  “I was going to call you this morning and see if you want to go sightseeing with us.”
“Sure you were.”  Morgan teased.  “May I come in?”
“Certainly.” John said opening the door wider for her.  “You sure are beautiful today.”
“Hi.”  Billy said from the bed.
“Hi Billy,” Morgan answered and sat down in a chair near his bed.
“Jackie's in the shower.” John said not realizing Morgan was more familiar with Jackie than he was.  “She should be finished in a few minutes.” He added stressing the she.
“Oh.”  Morgan said with no other comment.
“Feel up to sightseeing?”  John asked.
“Love to.”
“Why did you come to Billy's room and not mine?” John asked but felt no suspicious anxiety about why she might be there.
“I hadn't heard from you for a few days and I thought I would ask Billy if you were mad at me.” She pouted her lower lip in exaggerated despair.  She had known John was there and she knew about Jackie but it was still necessary to keep John in partial darkness as to what was happening.  Billy had mentally summoned her after he had concluded John was going to ask him a lot of questions and it was still not time for the in-depth detail of what was happening.  Billy was right when he figured John still didn't realize Morgan knew as much about what was going on as Billy did.  
Jackie entered the room drying her hair.  The rest of her body clothed only by the glisten of water still clinging to her tender skin.
John cleared his throat to get Jackie's attention and as she looked up and saw Morgan she didn't seem embarrassed by Morgan's presence.
Billy noticed John's look of dismay and crawled out of bed to lighten the situation and paraded proudly toward the bathroom.  “Next.” He said and closed the door.
John looked down at Morgan's face to see her reaction.  He was surprised that she didn't appear to be shocked but to the contrary was amused.  At least Billy wasn't still standing at attention, he thought.
“Morgan, this is Jackie Harris a friend of ours.” John introduced for lack of anything better to say and thought to himself what is this, a damn nudist colony.
“Hi Jackie.  Are you going sightseeing with us today?” Morgan asked.
“Hi.  Oh, I wouldn't miss it for the world.” Jackie smiled at Morgan knowingly.
John shook his head.  What in heaven’s name is going on everyone seems to be in on same joke except him.
They all chatted while Jackie dressed and Billy came back still drying his body and proceeded to dress.
“It's nice to see there's no bashfulness around here.” John finally said.
“That's right boss.” They all chimed in together, even Morgan had joined the chorus.  
John grinned and shook his head in exasperation.
As they entered the elevator Billy asked.  “Are we going to need my truck?”
“Let's walk.”  John answered.
The elevator opened and there waiting in the lobby was Jamal with his friends Mindy and Azid.
“Hello,” Jamal said while looking at John.  “We waited down here this morning in hopes we would see you.  We didn't want to disturb you.”
“Morning, John gritted his teeth.  He wasn't sure if he was ready to forgive and forget.  The nature of the incident had been too serious.
Jamal nudged Azid's shoulder.  “Uh, Uh, “ Azid stuttered.  “Sir,” he began as if he were repeating a memorized speech, which was what he was doing.  Jamal had ordered him to apologize.  God damn white pigs, he thought to himself but continued.  “Sir,” he repeated, “I am sincerely sorry for what I tried to do last night.  It's just that Jamal here, is my friend and I thought you meant him harm.”
John stared at Azid for a moment trying to determine if he was in fact sincere.  
“Okay,” John answered.  “Let's all start over.”
“Thank you.” Azid mumbled and stared down at the floor.
John felt the man wasn't quite sure if he felt the apology he offered but he did get the impression he was thankful his friend Jamal was alive.
“Hi, remember me, I'm Mindy?”
“Yes, how are you?” John responded.  “We're all going out for some lunch and a walk about, would the three of you like to join us?”
Mindy looked at Jamal with questioning eyes somewhat demurely as if she were being subservient to his every desire but internally she was thinking Jamal we will go.
“We would like that John.” Jamal said and smiled at Jackie, Morgan and Billy with understanding, although he still felt a reserved confusion as to his own emotional involvement in this whole situation.
The group headed out on to the street.  The pavement was slightly damp.
“Looks like it has been raining,” Billy said.
“Off and on most of the morning,” Jamal nodded and offered cordially.
The group stood in front of the hotel discussing where they were to eat since it was already twelve thirty.
The sidewalks were extremely crowded and many disgruntled New Yorkers let them knowing without words that they were blocking the streets.  It was so crowded they had to get inches from each other’s face to just hear what the other person was saying.
This is my chance to draw some of his energy, Mindy thought and ever so subtly and without anyone seeing her touched John.
John jerked and turned to Billy in anger, “Who touched me?”
Billy looked confused and shook his head.  “John the streets packed with people, you can't even move without getting touched.”
“That's not what I meant.  It was different.”
Now!  Mindy cried silently to herself.
People on the sidewalk began to run into the street.  An oncoming car was flying down the middle of the sidewalk directly at the group.  The car was crushing people as it moved and gave no indication it was slowing down.
Billy began to shove John out of the way but Jackie moved in front of them and silently lipped the command “Stop!”
As if by magic the car stopped dead as it hit Azid knocking him fifteen feet into the crowd.  Behind the wheel was a gray haired woman weeping and crying aloud, “The gas pedal got stuck, it just got stuck.  I couldn't stop it.”
Mindy smiled as she looked over at Azid sprawled out on the side walk and as she glanced up the sidewalk there must have been close to twenty victims either dead or severely injured.
John stared at Azid's bleeding body lying on the street.  Had he willed this man dead, he asked himself.  Had he desired this? No, it wasn't possible.
John walked over to Azid and kneeled down and touched his head gently.  Tears entered John's eyes, I forgive you John thought.  He hadn't wanted this, not really.  John felt someone's hand on his should and looked up to see Jackie.
“Billy you have to give John your energy.” Jackie mentally thought.
“I can't I don't have the power of the center and neither does Morgan.  We were both just substitutes.  Michael is the one who has the energy.  He was the original center.” Billy mentally responded.
Jackie didn't know if her energy would help, perhaps if he wasn't too near death, it was the solar center which gave the power of life but maybe it would work.  She walked over placed her hand on John's shoulder and he glanced up at her.
“It's okay,” was all she said and John looked back down and saw Azid's eye lids began to flutter.  He inhaled sharply and then opened his eyes to stare into John's.  Azid's body was mending right before them.  The rest of the group was gathered around blocking the view from the frenzied crowd.
Slowly Azid, although stunned, was helped to his feet by Jamal who was also crying.  There was relief in all of their eyes except Mindy.
Mindy lowered her head so they wouldn't see the anger she was feeling and quickly put up a mental shield so they couldn't sense any reaction from her at all.
“Damn, damn, fuck,” she cried to herself.  I'll still get him and smiled internally as she looked up the sidewalk at the chaos and havoc that had happened.  Yes, she said to herself as she gathered the spirit energy of those who had been killed, at least not all of it had been in vain.


CHAPTER  42

Neither Bernie nor Zolar had placed a wakeup call but Bernie woke up just before ten.  He glanced at his watch and noted he had plenty of time to be at Macy's before noon.  He showered and changed and headed out the door.
“Zolar,” Bernie said to the man who still slept on the couch.
“Yo, Zolar!”
“What?”
“I'm going out to get some toilet articles I need.” He lied.
“Okay.  What time is it?”
“Twenty after ten.  I'm going to grab a bite to eat.  I'll be back sometime after twelve.”
Zolar gave Bernie a half nod but still hadn't opened his eyes.
“Do you think you will wake up if the phone rings? Jackie might call.”  
“Yeah, no problem,” he moaned.  Bernie moved the phone to the stand above Zolar's head and turned the ringer as loud as it would go.  “That should do it.” He thought and then left.
 
Bernie had eaten and walked up and down the street in front of Macy's.
Almost twelve, he wasn't sure who he was looking for but thought if Zolar can do it why couldn't he.  How does one see he thought, then corrected his self, if he were the heart then maybe he should be able to feel it in his heart?
Well, he might as well try.  He relaxed and centered his focus on his heart and trudged slowly along staring at the on slot of humanity he met.  It seemed strange staring at them something one just did not do in New York, it was too dangerous.  Several panhandlers hit him up for some change which he begrudgingly gave.
As he met them he could feel the sadness, heartache, and the joy within the people.  It was as if they were wearing their emotions on their face.  One lady he met had upon first glance, seemed serene but then he got glimpses of adultery and pain within her life.  He shook off the feeling, he didn't know if he liked this ability to be able to read peoples emotional entanglements.
Then he came upon a man who was standing quietly looking over the crowd as they passed.  His first pang of emotion was fear but then he felt anticipation.  He stopped several feet away from the man and watched silently.  The man was about his age, his clothes were upkeep but he wasn't dirty.  Then the man's eyes met Bernie's and a small flash of blue light exploded between them.  The man had experienced something also, Bernie could tell from his emotional reaction.  His jaw gapped in surprise and Bernie walked over to introduce himself.
“Are you the one that placed the ad?” Bernie asked trying to display confidence he wasn't sure he felt.
“Yes.  I'm Thomas Lamb.”  He said somewhat nervously.
“I'm Bernie Goldfarb.” Bernie offered his hand in greeting.
Thomas stared at his hand for a moment as if it were a weapon and then decided to respond and clasp it within his own.
Upon their hand shake they felt as if there had been an electrical energy passing between them.
This must be one of the centers, Bernie told himself.
Thomas jerked his hand back with the exchange of energy and stared at his palm as if he were inspecting it for burn marks.
“Can we go somewhere and talk?”  Bernie asked.
“Yes but a public place.” Thomas answered feeling afraid to be alone with the stranger.  Yet in his mind he didn't feel this was the Beast, but somehow he was connected.
They entered a busy little restaurant and sat at a booth.
Bernie could feel the man's fear and decided he must reassure him he meant no harm.
They ordered coffee and waited until it was delivered before they tried to talk with each other.  Both of them desiring some privacy and yet also the security of being in a crowd.
“I'm not who you were expecting.” Bernie began.  “Don't ask me how but I can tell.  I don't know exactly who you were expecting but I have a general idea.” Bernie paused to watch the expression on Thomas' face.
“You are like myself, what I mean is, you have been experiencing, uh, “ he paused, what word could he use, “uh, visions, or something like visions but they were like altered states of reality.”
Thomas nodded and sighed.
Bernie was relieved when the man seemed to understand.  He had been correct, he was the man was one of the centers.
“I'm not sure how much you know, but I do know you've been experiencing these visions, I'll call them visions, well anyway I've experienced them also.  We are centers.”
Thomas looked at him with confusion.  Centers, he thought, they were visions from the devil, blasphemies against God, but he refrained from saying anything.  He would wait until the man finished before he asked any questions or added any comments.
Bernie spent the next hour explaining all about Jackie, the kidnapping, his meeting with Zolar and the explanation Zolar had given.
Throughout Bernie's explanation Thomas only nodded periodically but never responded.
Bernie was beginning to feel the man was keeping something from him but he wasn't quite sure what it was.
“So up through last night when the Spleen Center opened, is about as much as I can tell you so far.  It's as much as I understand anyway.” Bernie paused.  “From what I understand you too are one of the centers and I figure I'm next, so that leaves you and Zolar.”
“Let me get this straight,” Thomas stared down at his hand avoiding Bernie's inquisitive eyes, “you say we are some sort of energy centers, and we are being used by this Avatar?”
Bernie nodded and now Thomas was looking at him directly.
“This is not the Beast, but a new savior for the world?”
Bernie shrugged.  “I don't know.  I'm Jewish so all of this is strange to me.  I mean ….”
“Then you don't believe in the Beast that will come to mark the end of this world as we know it?”
Bernie just looked at him blankly not knowing what to say.
“Bernie, I know we have different religions but my worship of God is derived from yours.  It is my belief that this person who has been affecting our lives is the Beast himself and unless we can stop him the earth will be destroyed.
“I just don't know.  In the beginning I thought all of this was strange but since my friend Jackie disappeared I've begin to wonder what's going on and who I can trust.  I've begin to have doubts about my friend Zolar too.  He doesn't seem to be worried about Jackie and that bothers me.  And I'm next center.”
“What you are telling me is you are a center and you have determined you are the Heart Center.  Am I correct?”
“Yes.”
“Then there are only two centers left after you and I will be one of them.  “Thomas said not as a question but a need to vocalize and clarify his own turmoil.  He shook his head in disbelief.
“It's not that I don't believe what you're telling me.  I'm sure what you have told me is the truth as to what you have experienced.  But we must remember Lucifer is Lord of the Lie, the king of deception, he will give us enough of the truth to make us believe his lie.”
Bernie nodded he was beginning to feel insecure.  Why hadn't he listened to his Rabbi closer?
“Bernie, I'm a preacher.  I've spent my entire life believing in the Lord Jesus Christ as being our savior.  I can't believe in anyone else.  Since this all started to take place I've gone through a lot of doubt but it takes me around in circles to back where I began.” Thomas proceeded to tell Bernie all about the voice he had heard before he came to New York, about the money and even about Becky.  He did not call her a succubus but he did tell Bernie how she vanished in front of him.  He even told him about the sexual experience although he blushed throughout the whole dissertation.
When Thomas had finished they sat there quietly wondering what to do next.
Bernie broke the silence.  “What do I do?”
“Don't go back to your friend.” Thomas advised.  “If we can stop the chain of events occurring, maybe we can stop the Beast.  Bernie think about this, even if he isn't the Beast but is the Avatar, or new savior, why should these events have to occur.  Would the real Son of God have to resort to using people? I mean even in your faith would the savior of the world need people to become who he is.  I don't think so, Bernie.  God, no matter how you believe, is omni-present, he would not utilize man's own energy to attain spiritual superiority.  No I don't believe it necessary.”
Bernie thought about it for a moment and then nodded his agreement.  This had become more serious than he had ever thought possible.  As a doctor he often felt he played God but knew there was only one God.  The Messiah had not come to earth yet but when he did he felt the Messiah wouldn't need man, but it would be man who would need him.
“What can we do? I don't know how they got a hold of Jackie but somehow it seems to have just happen.”
“Bernie find a place to hide tonight.  Don't even let your friend Zolar know where you're at.  You can stay with me if you like.”
Bernie thought about it for a few moments and then said.  “Yes, I would like that.  Like you said, why do they need people to achieve this―if I can break this chain of events maybe I can still save Jackie.  Where are you staying?”
“The Castleton, just around the corner.”
“Uh, Thomas?”
“Yes.”
“That's where we've been staying at too.  Zolar's there now.”
“Do you think we should change hotels?”  Thomas asked.
“No, whatever's going on is taking place there.  I can feel it.  I want to be close so I can find Jackie.  All I have to do is to stay put in your room until after midnight and then the chain should be broken.”
“You better call your friend and tell him you won't be back tonight.  Maybe you should use a pay phone they may have caller identification and be monitoring your phone if you call from my room.  We just don't know what we're up against.”
Thomas paid the tab and he and Bernie left.  They had sat in the restaurant for over three hours and ordered quite a few coffees over the period.
“Why don’t you call from over there? Thomas mumbled.  “I'll wait here so you can have some privacy.”
Bernie walked over and called the Castleton and asked for his suite.  While the phone clicked over to ring Bernie thought about everything Thomas had said and began to agree with him.  But it was more than agreeing it was like his ability to feel what the emotions were of the people on the street where earlier in the day, he now could tell Thomas was being sincere and truthful in everything he said.  That he is truthful as far as what Thomas had said, “Break the chain of events.” What harm could it do?
“Hello.”
“Zolar, it's me, Bernie.”
“Bernie, where have you been? I thought you were going to be back hours ago?”
“Has Jackie called?”
“Not yet.
“Zolar, I've decided I'm the next center.” He paused to wait for Zolar's response.  When Zolar said nothing he continued, “I'm going to stay away tonight.  I'm not sure I like what's happening and I want to break this chain of events.” He waited again for Zolar's reaction expecting him to protest but was surprised with his response.
“Whatever you think is best but Bernie I don't think you can stop what is happening.”
“I've got to try.  We haven't heard from Jackie and this is the only thing I can think of.”
“Bernie do what you think but if you are the next center and I'm not sure how you came to that conclusion, no matter what you do it will happen.  You will see Jackie before morning.  And Bernie?”
“Yeah.”
“After the two of you are reunited call me, okay?”
“Sure thing, hey Zolar, you take care.”
“Okay.  One more thing, what if Jackie calls me before midnight, how can I reach you? Are you going back home?”
“I'm not going home and it's not that I don't trust you but for now I'll just say I've got somewhere to go.  If Jackie calls tell her I miss her and I'll see her as soon as possible.”
“Will do Bernie, and take care.”
“Bye.”
Bernie hung up and returned to where Thomas was waiting.
“How did it go?” Thomas asked as they started back to the Castleton.
“Everything seemed fine but he said it wouldn't matter where I am, there's no way to stop it, it will happen.”
They didn't look at each other but walked starring blandly ahead each one lost in their own thoughts.
Bernie was wondering what he was going to do and Thomas knowing what he had to do.
As they returned to the hotel there were police barricades up and down the street.  They had to work their way through the obstacle course to the entrance.
They entered the hotel and Bernie went over to the desk to see if he could find out what had happened.  It was the same sweet little clerk, who had been working the day Jackie, Zolar and he, had registered.
Reading the man's name tag Bernie said, “Rudy what's all the commotion out front?”
Rudy looked up from his habitual ritual of pretending to be busy so people wouldn't bother him with inane questions.
He shrugged.  “Some old lady's car went out of control and hit a group of people.”
“How serious was it?” Bernie asked as he felt the palms of his hands began to sweat.  He wasn't sure and although this type of thing happened all the time he had the feeling there was more to this than meets the eye.
“I heard nine were killed and eighteen hurt.”
“Thanks for the info,” Bernie said as he headed back to where Thomas had been standing.
“What's going on?” Thomas asked Bernie as he approached.
“A car went out of control and killed nine and hurt a bunch.”
They got on the elevator each wondering if this had anything to do with all that had been happening to them.
Thomas pushed the second floor button.
“Second floor,” Bernie said.  “That's where we have a suite too.  It seems strange that you're staying here and the three of us are here.  I wonder if it means everyone that's connected with this might be staying here.
“You're right, that is too much of a coincidence.”
“You're on the second floor and so are we.” Bernie added.
They got off the elevator and Thomas led the way to his room.
Upon entry Thomas tossed his card key on the desk.
“Well, we've got quite a few hours before midnight.” Thomas said and turned the do not disturb double lock on the door.
Thomas and Bernie both went to the window facing the front of the street where the accident had happened.  Neither one spoke.
“How do we pass the time?” Bernie asked realizing that he felt talked out.
“I don't know, just wait I guess.” But in the back of Thomas's mind he knew what he had to do.  He had to distract Bernie.  “He comes like a thief in the night,” Thomas thought and then added staring at Bernie's chest, “if thy eye offend the pluck it out.  God forgive him but he knew what he had to do.  Could he bring himself to do it?”
“I'm getting kind of hungry.  I think I'll order something.  Want anything?” Thomas asked as he lifted the phone receiver.
“Sure, why not, it'll help pass the time.”
“Uh, what do you want?  Kosher?”
“Don't matter.  I don't practice.  I'll have whatever you're having.”
“I'm having steak.  How do you want yours cooked?”
“Well done.  I'm not too much on eating blood.”
“Yes room service, I would like to order two steaks.  One well-done, and the other one rare.  Oh, and do you have a good sharp steak knives sometimes rare steaks can be pretty tough.” Thomas paused.  “Good, thank you.” He paused again and placed his hand over the receiver.  “Broccoli and bake potato, okay?”
Bernie nodded.
“Broccoli and baked potato for both.”  He said into the phone and then to Bernie “What do you want to drink?”   
Bernie shrugged.  “Coffee and strong.  I think I'll need it.” 
“A pot of extra strong coffee.  Thank you.”	


CHAPTER  43

Zolar had been awakened earlier by ambulance sirens.  He leaned back in the chair and thought about what he had seen from the window.  The corner suite made it difficult for him to get a good view of what had happened but he had seen Jackie, she had been talking with a group of people he didn’t recognize.  
He was pretty sure his speculation that these people she was with were either, other centers or connected in some way.
There had been one man who was the focal point of all their attention.  He must be the Avatar, he told himself.  The man had leaned over someone lying on the sidewalk but the crowd was so dense he hadn’t been able to tell what was happening.
He had ran down to the front of the building half-dressed to try and reach Jackie but when he got there he hadn’t been able to find her.
Bernie was becoming frightened, he could tell from the sound of his voice on the phone.  He couldn’t much blame Bernie.  He was having his own doubts.  The thing that bothered him the most was the feeling he got that Bernie no longer trusted him.  Well, he couldn’t blame him for that either.
What should he do? He was tired of just sitting and waiting but since Jackie had been in front of the hotel and she hadn't contacted them, maybe it meant that the others were staying at the hotel too.
Maybe he should go down to the front desk and ask a few questions.  Hey why not, he certainly wasn't accomplishing anything by sitting here and in just a few more hours the next center would open.
He wasn't sure but he thought it was going to be Bernie and Bernie must have realized it.  That was why he had acted the way he had.  Why was Bernie going to be the Heart Center, he thought.
“Hi,” Zolar said as he approached the front desk.
“Good evening sir, what can I do for you?”
I'm in luck, Zolar thought, he's the one that checked us in, hope he remembers us.  Probably will but after the hard time we gave him he might not be so amicable as to provide any information.
“Well I hope so.” Zolar began.  “I checked in several days ago with a man and a woman, uh, I was wondering if you remember us?”
“Certainly sir,” Rudy answered tightening his lips to a thin line.
Oh shit, Zolar thought, he's going to be closed mouthed.  Maybe a different approach and read his nametag.
“Rudy,” Zolar smiled, “I thought you only worked during the day? Are they trying to work you to death?”
“Sometimes I feel like it,” Rudy said letting down his guard.  “The incident with the car, you saw that didn't you?” Rudy paused as Zolar nodded.  “Well wouldn't you just know it, I mean if I don't have all the bad luck, but my relief was one of the people hit by the car.  He was coming in to pick up his pay check and they ask me to work a double shift.  Tiring but then again I don't mind too much, I'll get eight hours of overtime in and the money is always handy.” He paused and smiled brightly towards Zolar's apparent friendly overture.  “Of course all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.”
Uh oh, Zolar thought, I better not be to friendly but if he's been here all day then he's probably seen everybody that's come in or gone out.
“I heard that,” Zolar grinned at him.  “Everybody's got to play now and then.”
“That's right, that's why we work so hard.  You got to pay to play.” Rudy felt pleased with his own little pun.
“I haven't played all day.” Zolar insinuated cryptically by stressing the word played.  “My friends just took off and left me all by myself.”
“Pauvre choice,” Rudy said in french and added “poor thing.”
“Mais Oui,” Zolar retorted.  “It's hard to tell who they are running around with.”
“You're right,” Rudy's hands became animated, “I hope you weren't too serious with them, I mean,” and swished his hands in the air, “he was with that cute little preacher number.”
Preacher? Zolar thought, he had been worried about Jackie.  Why was Bernie with a preacher?
“Is that right, well that little bitch.” Zolar said placing his hand on his hip.  “I ought to scratch his eyes out.  “
”I know what you mean.  Seems like nobody's faithful these days.” Rudy said and then decided to pry.  “It's none of my business but what about the girl, I mean, did you have a manage-a-tois going?”
Zolar just raised his eyebrows and tightened his lips and shrugged as if to tell Rudy he had hit the nail on the head.
“Speaking of her, have you seen Jackie?” Zolar asked trying to sound casual and not letting his inner turmoil show.
“I sure did, and honey you're probably better off without that tramp.  I think she's moved into the big time.”
“The big time?”
“Well I mean she's running around with a big group, two black guys, three white guys and two women.  I think one of the women is an Indian or something, I'm not too sure.  But let me say, they're in to something that's either so weird you don't want to know or it's the kinkiest thing I've ever seen.”
“Why what happened?” Zolar's interest was to the point that he wanted to quit this charade and find out what Rudy knew but he decided he had better play it cool.  “That sounds like something Jackie would get herself mixed up in.  What's the down and dirty details?” He leaned over the counter and patted the back of Rudy's hand as it rested on the desk.  He allowed himself to enter Rudy's space, the scared space that people keep around themselves.
Rudy smiled and left his hand there.  “Well there was this one guy and I sort of liked him and I had this feeling that he was havable, if you know what I mean.”  Zolar nodded.
“Well I followed him yesterday, so I could sort just accidentally run into him, you know, like, surprise meeting you here, type of thing.  So, I followed him and we ended up down in Battery Park.  Well, he had been following this black guy and then this other guy showed up and this other guy tried to stab him, stab the white guy that is.  Suddenly I felt like I had taken acid or something and I had this really bizarre experience, like an acid trip or something.
Rudy paused for a gulp of air and glanced around to make sure that nobody had entered the lobby and then continued.
“Well like I was saying, when I came out of it, it only lasted about a minute, but when I came out of it everybody was herded together and brought back here to the hotel.  I think every one of them is staying at the hotel.  Well ....”
Zolar didn't want to hear any graphic details but didn't let Rudy know that.  He nodded.  “Well?”
Rudy grinned.  “Nothing happened.  Well not quite nothing.  He took me back to his room and started to question me.  It was like some kind of interrogation or something.  Like who I was, and how long I had known any of the others and that type of thing.  He stripped down to his briefs and paraded around in front of me just teasing me.  He's the real strong forceful type, if you know what I mean.  He run around in his underwear and teased me and kept asking me what I knew and what I had seen.  It felt like the Grand Inquisition or something.  I mean I wouldn't have told him anything, it’s against hotel policy to talk about the guests, but he kept flaunting that big thing practically in front of my nose.  I just couldn't help telling him everything he wanted to know.  He's so masterful.”
He paused, leaned over the counter, took a deep gulp of air and began to whisper.  “When this guy Michael checked in he was a bum, I mean a real bum.  Stunk, dirty, the whole nine yards and then he cleaned himself up.  Cleaned up real nice I might add.  Well then I started checking, hey you never know with some of these types, who knows where he got the money, might have killed somebody or something, I was just trying to protect the hotel.”
He again stopped for air and leaned back as if to pop his spine back into place from too many long hours of standing.
“I mean he was a bum.  Then suddenly he started paying with credit cards and bank vouchers.  Well I just had to check into it.  Can't be too careful.  The guy is loaded.  I mean more than just his pants, with money too.  The guy must be worth millions and here he had been running around like some bum or something.”  
“Millions!” Zolar said imitating Rudy's enthusiasm.
“Yeah, millions.  Well anyway I couldn't really tell him much about the other people.  I mean, I didn't know much.  Uh, I did tell him about the three of you.  Hope you don't mind.  I didn't tell him you were all involved just that you were all together.”
“That's okay, no problem.  How about Bernie? You said he was with a preacher?
“Yeah they went up earlier to the preacher's room earlier this evening.  Your friend Bernie stopped to ask me about the incident outside and the preacher just waited for him over there.” He pointed toward the elevator.  “They went up and I haven't seen them since and I've been here all evening without a break.”
“How about Jackie, our girlfriend, have you seen her?”
“I would say so.  Her and their entourage came back about an hour ago.  She was still with them.  You haven't seen her today?”
“No.”
“Well, they all came in, didn't even look my way.  Bunch of snobs if you ask me.  Uh, uh, I mean, I don't mean to imply that your friend is a snob.  I just meant….”
“That's okay, I understand.  By the way what time do you get off work?”
Rudy smiled his most famous smile “Oh, at eleven, that is if I get relieved on time.”
“Would you like to come up for a drink or something?” Zolar returned his smile.
“Well, we're not supposed to but I would love it.  Let's see, you're in the suite on the second floor, am I correct?”
“Yes, I am.  You have a great little memory to.” Zolar flattered and glanced at his watch.  “I'm going to go grab a shower and order us some drinks see you in about an hour?”
“Sounds lovely.”
“What do you drink?”
“Anything as long as it's sweet.”
“Daiquiri?”
“I would like that.  Bye-bye, see you in a while.”
“Bye.”  Zolar said and headed back to the elevator.
So he had been right, they were staying in the hotel, Zolar thought.  He wondered who this preacher was that Billy had hooked up with.
He got off the elevator and went to their suite.  He hated to lead Rudy on like that but he needed to find out what was going on.  He just hoped Rudy knew the room numbers to where the preacher was staying.  He had been in the room next to the Avatar so there was no question to that.  It would be nice if he had a pass key to all of the rooms.  It might just come in handy.


CHAPTER  44

Michael sat listening to music.  It was getting close to eleven and he had stayed in all day.
He wished he had a drink but he didn't want to impair his mind.  He needed to think clearly.
He had learned from Rudy that the girl Jackie had been staying with two guys here in the hotel.  Rudy had said one of them was a mixed oriental so it must be Zolar.  His detectives had kept up with them.  It had taken several days to read the reports they had kept even while he had amnesia.  Michael had paid the detective firm well in advance and often went for years without contacting them.  He had always called them for information and they held it until they heard from him.
His little buddy Rudy had been more help that he had realized.  He had actually enjoyed teasing the little fellow.  He almost laughed out loud remembering how Rudy's eyes had widened when he paraded around in his underwear.  Teased him and watched his mouth water and then cut him cold.  He had enjoyed that immensely.
He sighed.  Just over an hour until the next opening.  He would go over and see John about eleven thirty.  “Just sort of stopped by to see how you are John,” he would say.  “After last night I was worried.  Would have checked earlier today but he had some business to take care of that just couldn't be put off.”
Well that wasn't a lie.  He had been on the phone most of the day.  He had arranged reservations for all of them at the Hotel Roanoke and booked plane reservations for the morning of June thirtieth.  By then they would be ready to go.  They needed to be in Roanoke for the last center's opening.  They had to get back to the source of energy.
No doubt about it they had to be there but he would be ready.  He would watch John to see how John would choose and if he didn't choose correctly then he would have no choice but to kill him.  He hoped he didn't have to kill his longtime friend but if he had to he wouldn’t have any choice.  If John made the wrong choice then he would have to die.
He had arranged that today also.  He would be ready and if John chose wrong, then and there he would kill him.  It was going to be difficult and he himself may very well die.
Yes, he nodded to himself, he had the weapon.  It was the only one that would kill John after the center opened.


CHAPTER  45

The Reverend Thomas Lamb paced around the couch staring down at Bernie's sleeping body.
Thank God, he thought, Bernie had ordered the coffee and took the stuff with cream and sugar.  That had just what Thomas had needed to put the ground up sleeping pills in.
He certainly didn't want to do this but he didn't know what else he could do.
He stared at the steak knife still lying on the table where they had eaten.  He had hid it when Bernie had gone to the bathroom.  That was the same time he had added the pills to the coffee.  He put the pills in the entire pot so he had nothing to drink but what was a little thirst when you were doing the Lords work.
“Lord help me”, he prayed aloud.  Could he really cut Bernie's heart out?  “If thy eye offends thee cut it out.” He recited.
Bernie had been asleep for over an hour now and he kept putting it off.  He glanced at his watch it was almost eleven.  He had to do it before twelve.
His stomach growled and he patted it.  Another small sacrifice for the Lord, he told himself.  After he had hid the knife he didn't want to ask Bernie to use his knife so he had pretended that he had lost his appetite and just ate the potato and broccoli.
“Take this cup from me, oh Lord.” He prayed.  “Thou shall not kill,” he whispered.
“Is it not better to enter the kingdom of heaven without an eye, or heart,” he added, “than to not enter at all.” Surely God would have mercy on their souls.  Bernie for being the sacrificial lamb.  Sacrificed to stop the Beast.  And surely he would have mercy on him for this murder he was about to commit.
He kept pacing around, and around Bernie.  Watching him sleep so innocent so unknowing of what would happen.
He picked up the knife and felt the blade.  It wasn't all that sturdy but it was sharp.  If he stabbed him before he cut his heart out would Bernie wake up before he died.  He didn't know if he could stand to see Bernie's eyes as he did the deed.  What if he cut his throat first would he still wake up?
With knife in hand he continued his mental turmoil and paced around and around.


CHAPTER  46

“Oh! Calcutta!”  Jackie exclaimed.
“You got it.”  Billy answered, “Your turn.”
They had been playing charades for several hours trying to pass the time and relieve some of the anxiety they had been feeling.
They were still together, Jamal, Mindy, Azid, Jackie, Billy, Morgan and John but they hadn't talked about what had happened in front of the hotel.
It was like an unspoken vow they had taken.
Mindy had asked if they minded if she smoked and surprisingly none had objected.  They had ordered some drinks and were pretending to have a nice little social get together but each one was just waiting in anticipation.
There was a knock at the door and they almost all glanced at their watch as if they had been waiting for this.  Like the archangel of death coming for one of them but those that were aware assumed it was the next center.  They had been wondering who the next center was to be and how they would meet the center.
All but Jackie.  She figured that with only three centers left chances were pretty good that it would be Bernie or Zolar.
“I'll get it.”  Billy volunteered.  
“Hi,”   Michael smiled as Billy opened the door.  “Private party or can anyone join?”
“Sure, come on in.” Billy sighed.  He knew the center wasn't Michael.
Jackie, Morgan and Jamal all physically relaxed.  They were all aware Michael had been a substitute.  Jamal was still not very good with the sending of mental messages but he was able to receive them easily.  The telepathy was like speech in children the more it was used the easier it became.
Michael sauntered in and said, “Hi, John, thought I would just see how everybody was doing.”
“Fine Michael.  We're just sitting around having a few drinks and playing charades.  Have a drink? Vodka, tonic and lime is all we have.” John smiled at Billy.  “Seems to have become the drink of the season.”
Michael eyed the bottle as his mouth became cottony.  He started to say no but as he opened his mouth he said, “sure, just a light one.  I've got a lot to do tomorrow and I don't need any cobwebs clinging around.”
“I'll get it.” Billy offered.  “Pull up some carpet and take the load off fanny.”
Michael sat down on the floor near Mindy and started to chat.  Jamal sat on the other side of Mindy and Azid was beside him.  Michael was aware that everyone was avoiding last night’s incident but wasn't aware of the runaway car.	
Billy fixed Michael a drink and ask if anyone was ready for a refill.  Everyone indicated that they were fine except Mindy.
“Me, want more fire water.” Mindy said with a phony giggle.
Michael surveyed her for a few minutes trying not to be too blatant.
She was truly a lovely girl.  Her long blue black hair shimmered with the shadows and lights in the room.  Her shape was like a woman that had spent endless hours of hard aerobics and the sienna brown of her skin was pure and unblemished.  Her face was like the image of someone who sculptures had created in a past era when beauty was described as a joy forever.  As she smiled it was her eyes that immediately demanded your attention.  A rich bitter sweet chocolate that pierced your very soul and yet so mysterious.
Yet somewhere in Michael's own deep dark being she gave him an unsettling emotion that was unexplainable.
Billy brought them their drinks and dropped to the floor in front of the smaller group.
John, Jackie and Morgan were busy chatting with each other.
“How's the drink?” Billy asked as Michael took a small sip.
“Billy if I told you there was anything that tasted better than this drink at this moment I would be lying.  It's perfect.” Michael honestly spoke.
Billy was pleased.
“So what did you think about the big to do in front of the hotel with that car?” Michael asked figuring it was safe and he was avoiding last night's incident.
As he asked the question all four of them became extremely silent, as if they were searching for an appropriate answer that did not come immediately to mind.
Billy was the first to break the silence.
“Michael we were all out there today when it happened.  It's sort of sensitive subject that we haven't been able to talk about, as of yet.”
“Oh, I'm sorry.” Michael apologized and quickly changed the subject to the weather.
Jamal sat and watched these people that he was becoming connected with and he still couldn't explain his own emotional confusion.  He had felt the group tense but from Mindy, he thought, he noticed something else.  Almost as if in just one millisecond an angry rage burst forward from her but was quickly covered up.  Jamal tensed from the sheer power and intensity of it.  He had always been filled with hatred towards whites but toward nobody else.  Had been? He thought, why did he think that? Did he no longer hate them? He wasn't sure how he felt but he did feel a bond between him and Billy, Jackie and Morgan.  Even though they were all white.  Then there was John.  He had been correct when he had identified him as the Messiah but was he the Messiah or was he something else?
“At least the rain today will help relieve some of the drought problems.” Jamal heard Michael say.
“Helps reduce the stink in this city to.”  Jamal added.
“If it would just wash away some of the real problems,” Mindy joined in.
They all nodded and Jamal said, “I hear where you're coming from baby.”
They continued their idle chatter trying not to look at their watches.  If the emotion of anticipation were visible the room would have been black as coal and the potential energy was just as potent, waiting readily to burst into flame.



VI.  THE FIFTH CHAKRA ANAHATA THE HEART
As in its name, the heart center binds all the chakra energies.  Giving without thought of receiving and taking that which is given with humility.
THE DOCTRINE OF THE CHAKRA CENTERS by Tawadin Djwahan



CHAPTER  47

Zolar had showered and had been dry for quite a while but sat around in the towel waiting for Rudy.
Rudy had given him the answer as to how he could get the information he needed and possibly even into any room.  All he had to do was “parade around in his underwear.” That had been the key Rudy mentioned when talking about how Michael made him tell him everything.
Well the underwear bit had been done and he would be a little too obvious to answer the door in just his drawers so he decided he would do one better.  He had not used the bath towel to wrap around himself but the little hand towel.  Hey sex sells, he told himself.  If you got it flaunt it.
He sat and sipped his drink.  He had ordered a bottle of vodka, tonic and some lime for himself and daiquiri mix for Rudy.  Strange how he had asked for Vodka.  He had just had this yearning for it.
He heard the elevator door open and then close and then a quiet peck at the door.  Showtime, he thought.  He ran to the bathroom and turned the shower on, jumped in then out.  Wrapped his hand towel loosely around him and grabbed the bath towel for his head.
“Hi, I hope you haven't been knocking long.” Zolar said to Rudy as he opened the door.  “Come on in.  I was going to grab a shower earlier but my mom called and you know how hard it is getting rid of a parent without offending them.”
“I sure do.”  Rudy said as he walked in.
“Drink?”
“Thank you, I would like that.  Lord, I'm so tired my feet are killing me.  A drink is just about all I need to unwind.” Rudy said as he let his eyes roam over Zolar's hairless muscular body.
Zolar hated using Rudy like this but desperate situations demanded desperate action.  He fixed Rudy a drink and handed it to him.
“You didn't by chance see either of my lost amours?” Zolar asked trying to be casual but knowing he was running out of time.  He sensed something was wrong.
“No.” Rudy snapped and then added more softly, “I sure haven't.  It's been quiet all evening.  I guess they're still in their rooms.”
He was running out of time.  How could he get Rudy to tell him which room Bernie was in and where he could find Jackie.  Then he remembered that Rudy had described Michael as being forceful and had a look of awe on his face.  That's it, time to quit pulling his punches.
Rudy sat down in an arm chair and propped his feet up on the coffee table.  He was sipping on the drink Zolar had given and watching Zolar intensely.
Zolar swaggered over in front of Rudy and stood to where his crotch was less than two feet from Rudy's face.  The towel was tied and fastened to where one side of his hip and leg was completely exposed.
“Listen to me you fucking bastard.” Zolar nearly bellowed.  “I'm going to ask you some god damn questions and you're going to give me the fucking answers I want.  Do you understand?” He propped his leg on which the towel was tied up onto the arm of Rudy's chair giving Rudy a slight glimpse of what lay beneath.
Rudy gulped and nodded.  His face showed fear but his eyes begged yes.  
“Which room is my cock-sucking friend Bernie in?”  
“Uh, room 228.”  Rudy answered in barely a whisper.
“I see your fucking lips moving but I can't hear what the fuck you're saying.  What the fuck did you say?” Zolar ran his hand down his own thigh again, allowing the towel to sway open giving him another glimpse.
“Room 228.”  Rudy said louder.
“Better, and call me sir.”
“Yes sir.”
“What the fuck did you say?”
“I said yes sir, sir.”
“Now you got it.  Have you got a key for all the rooms?”
“What?”  
“I didn't say you could ask me questions.” Zolar screamed and grabbed Rudy's hair in the back of his head and jerked his head slightly back.  “And I told you, you had better fucking call me sir.  Understand?”
“Yes sir.”
“Now, have you got a fucking house key to the rest of the rooms?”
Rudy gulped.  “Yes sir.”
“Give it to me.” Zolar ordered yanking harder on Rudy's hair.
“I, I, I can't, sir.” Rudy stammered with real fear in his eyes.
Zolar brought Rudy's face to less than an inch away from his crotch.  So close he could feel Rudy's breath through the towel.  
“I said I want the fucking key.”  Zolar screamed.
“Sir, I can't.  They would fire me if they ever found out I gave the key to a non-employee.  Sir!” Rudy protested.
Zolar rammed Rudy's face into his crotch so hard it made Zolar wince.  Only the towel separated Rudy from his limp desire.
“Listen you cock-sucking faggot, I said give me the god damn fucking key.  Now!” Zolar tightened his grip on Rudy's hair and pressed harder.
Rudy had obviously lost his battle.  He fumbled to pull a card key from his shirt pocket and handed up toward Zolar, his face still buried where Zolar had put him.
Zolar grabbed the key, jerked back on Rudy's head making him fall backward into the chair.  Zolar stepped back and picked up a pair of pants that had been lying on the couch.  He pulled off his towel in front of Rudy and to Rudy's delight but quick disappointment when he quickly slipped into his pants.  I at least owed him a peek, Zolar thought and then stormed out of the room leaving Rudy staring after him.
Bare chested and bare foot Zolar ran as hard as he could.  Glancing at his watch it was eleven forty-five.  The do not disturb switch had been flipped.  He hoped the card would override it.  He was in luck.  He heard the lock click open and flung the door open.
As he stared into the dimly lit room he couldn't see anyone but he could feel someone there.  He slowly entered and saw a man leaning down over Bernie.  He jerked around when he heard Zolar's approach.
“You're too late.” He said flatly turning to face Zolar.  He clutched Bernie's heart in his hand.  Bernie's blood graced both of his hands and the front of his clothes.
Looking down Zolar saw where Bernie's blood spread from his chest all over the couch covering a large area of the mauve carpet.  His rib cage had been separated and jutted up exposing shrouds of flesh clinging to bone.
“Oh God!” Zolar roared so loud the walls seemed to tremble.  “Oh my God, my God, what the hell have you done?”
“I have done the work of the Lord my God, Jesus Christ.  It is he that hath sent me.” Thomas stated calmly.  He had replaced the horror of what he had done by telling himself that it was God's will.
The crowd in the next room came rushing out into the hall trying to see what all the screaming was about.  Billy had been the first to enter, followed by Michael.  They all worked their way into the room.
“Oh! No! Dear God―no!” Jackie began to cry when she recognized Bernie's agonized face.
She dropped to her knees and began to sob.  Her body shook with bursts of horror.
John was the last one to enter.  The group parted as he came forward to face the preacher.
“What have you done?”  John quietly asked Thomas.
“So you are he?” Thomas asked already knowing the answer.
“What he? Is it that you speak of?”  John asked.
“You are the Beast that has been sent to destroy the world.”
“I have been sent by no one.  “ John stated not knowing where his words where coming from but felt compelled to answer what was ask.
“Then you are truly the Beast for you have sent yourself.”
“I am not a beast but a man, no more nor less than you are.” John's own mind began to protest, was the man right?
“You are the liar and deceiver of man.  I can expect you to say nothing less.” But Thomas' began to doubt.  The man did not seem more than man and yet....
Thomas bit at his lower lip and continued.  “The man that lays there, this man Bernie, he told me that he was the heart center.  That you are the Avatar, the Messiah; and seven keys are used to open these chakras giving you the power to save the world.  He was a mere key used to unlock your power and I think these are the keys that unlock the pit in which you were cast for a thousand years.”
Was it possible? John asked himself.  Was he this Beast? No, he cried to himself, although he had his faults he was not evil.
“What is your name?”  John asked.
“Thomas Lamb.”
“Well Thomas you doubt me.  This I understand.  For I too have doubt.  I do not know what has been happening but it has become obvious that you have been involved and if I am this Beast, as you say I am, then perhaps you have murdered in my name.  You have sacrificed this sheep to me and stand ready to give me his heart.”
Thomas stared at the bloody heart he squeezed in his right hand.
“Yes here is his heart.  It beats no more.  All that you have sought I have put asunder.  Take his heart and return to hell, for his soul will return to God.”
Thomas took his left hand and slowly lifted John's hand and slapped the heart into John's hand.
“Now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ I command thee to get the hence Satan.” Thomas's voice seemed to crystallize into the air.
As John clutched Bernie's heart everyone in the room stared down at Bernie's lifeless body.  The room began to fade.  It was not a vision this time but reality.  All that was material in the world dissipated, like some phantom on the run.  Their bodies ceased to exist.  All of those near became light.  All separate, mere specks of brilliance floating free in the wasteland of nothingness.
Bernie's life force swirled before them and all was dissipating out into the nothingness, to be lost forever and ever.  It was he that had become their sacrifice and he would be no more.  They felt their own life energies fading as did their material bodies and world had vanished.  Soon they would be no more.
As the life force faded before them they began spreading out, they felt it touch them.  It began to slip past them and they did not want to lose it.  It should not have been so, and they each drew this spreading life remains to them.  They cherished this life.  It would not be lost but would live in them.
And when they had felt this love that had been given to them, they learned love and grew.  They each held part of this love close to them.  Existence of life and the power it has was understood.  All of the, I AM, that did exist and does exist and will exist.
And when all that had been the life and love that was no longer collected, they again became strong and no longer were fading.
They had accepted the love that had been given and they sent it back.  Back to from hence it had come.
Each one gave and the love that had been lost, the energy that had become love, was given back.  It once again existed.
The life and love that had been but had ceased was once more whole.  When they saw that he who once was, and was no more, had once again become he that was, they praised him.
Their love now became his love, as his love had done unto them.
They did unto him as he had done unto them.
Their life was his as his life had been theirs.
Visions of the world began to return like a pulsing heart.  Throbbing.
Life giving oxygen was again being breathed.
Each one of them was returning to where they had been.  Once more they were in the material world.
There before them lay Bernie whole.  His body was no longer mutilated.  No hole in his chest.  No heart in John's hand, no blood stains.
His breathing was slow and gentle like the ebb and tide of the sea.  His face serene.


CHAPTER  48

Quietly they stood reorienting themselves to their own bodies.  The beauty and awe of what they had just witnessed was etched in their physical minds.
They were so overwhelmed by the magnitude of the experience it made the earthly world in which they had always lived seem no longer real.  The very physical structure of the world to which they returned seemed like misty shadowed memories of a distant past.
The atomic substance of the room was like reflections in a pond, so flat, so faint as if it were lying ready to break into ripples by the least disturbance.
None of them knew how long they stood there in awe or fear that the slightest motion would cause it to shimmer away.
It was Rudy that broke the spell.
“Pssst! Zolar!” Rudy whispered from the open door.  He had sat waiting for Zolar to return for over twenty minutes.
It was five after midnight and he had sat waiting for Zolar's return and he was tired of waiting.  When he got to the door he was pissed off, of all the nerve.
Zolar slowly turned to stare blankly at Rudy's summons but his vacant eyes didn't faze Rudy.  
“Of all the rude things,” Rudy hissed.  “You go and invite me up to your room and then take off to a party and forget all about me.” He said in a whine as he wagged his index finger at Zolar.
From the couch Bernie had opened his eyes and scanned the faces in the room staring down at him and finally came to rest on Rudy as he spoke.  He broke into raucous laughter.
For a moment everyone in the room looked startled then turned their head toward Rudy almost synchronized in motion.
It was the breath of insane reality needed and the room broke into rowdy rounds of crude laughter; laughter which created a catharsis for them and spread to each and every one.
All but Thomas Lamb laughed he stared on without expression as if he wasn't sure where he was at and certainly not conscious of anything much less his own emotions.
Mindy joined in the laughter, yet she was only acting out what she felt was expected of her.  If her laughter could have been heard over the groups they would have been able to recognize the stilted forced sound she produced.  The power she had witnessed was her only thought at that moment.  Her focused desire.
Jackie was still kneeling on the floor.  She was laughing so hard her eyes were watering.  Even Zolar had joined in and began to look sheepishly guilty.
Rudy blanched.  His jaw dropped when he realized that they were looking directly at him and laughing.  His color then went crimson and he snapped his jaw shut and rolled his eyes up toward the ceiling.
“Come on in.” Zolar finally managed to say between breaths.
Rudy paraded in at the invite and began to bask in the attention.  He smiled and joined in the laughter even though he didn't know why.  It was contagious.
Finally Billy said, “Let's move the party back to my room that's where the liquor is.” Again as usual he took on the role of director.
“I got a better idea.  We've got a suite.  Grab the liquor and let's move over there.” Zolar said.  “Rudy is the door open?”
“Uh, I left it wide open, I….” He started to apologize but Zolar waived his hand and interrupted.
“It's open.  Everybody go on in and make yourself comfortable.” Zolar directed.
“Jackie it's good to see you again.” Zolar said approaching her.
Everyone was departing leaving Jackie, Bernie and Zolar there.
“Bernie, are you all right?”  Jackie said hugging him.
“You know I am.” Then turned to Zolar and pulled him into their hug.
“Zolar ....” Jackie and Bernie said simultaneously and then laughed.
“After you Jackie.”  Bernie offered.
“No you go first.”  Jackie said.
“No I insist, you first.”  Bernie objected.
“Would one of you go first and quit bickering.” Zolar complained.
“Okay, I will, since, I haven't seen either one of you for a while.  I'm sorry about that but you will understand soon Zolar.  I'm sure Bernie does, don't you?” Jackie said turning to Bernie.
He nodded and added an extra squeeze of confirmation.
“Zolar, it’s unexplainable.  Everything you said was true but there's more.” Then he added solemnly.  “Oh, so very much more but you'll understand when it's your turn.”
“Guys I know I've talked a good line but to be honest with you I'm scared.” Zolar admitted.
They hugged him tighter.
“It will be okay, Zolar.” Bernie comforted.  “When your center opens you'll experience what everyone experiences but there's more.  Like Jackie said, we can't describe it to you.  There aren't any words that explain it but when it happens you will understand what we mean.”
Zolar shrugged his shoulders but nodded indicating he would be patient.
“It was the craziest thing I ever saw, Bernie.  I was terrified.” Zolar said.
“Me too, and I've been through the opening but Bernie,” she paused and leaned back to stare into his eyes, “when I saw you I had no idea what was happening.  I had no concept that you, you ....”
Zolar interrupted.  “Bernie you were dead, I mean dead.  What was it like?”
“Before the opening the only thing I remember was a pain in my chest and then the center being opened.  I can't describe the center.  You'll see what I mean.” Bernie answered.
Zolar shook his head and said solemnly, “Bernie, he had split you open with that steak knife,” and pointed toward the knife where Thomas had dropped it.  “He must have broken your rib cage apart and cut out your heart.”
Bernie looked pensive for a moment and then said, “I don't―I didn't feel anything else until the center.”
“From a minister too, it's just too hard to believe he did what he did.  I would believe it if I hadn't seen it.  Blood was everywhere.” Zolar said.
“It looked gruesome.”  Jackie interjected.
“Now what? There's only me and the Reverend left.  Which one will I be?” Zolar asked.
“I don't know but it seems that your life's profession is directed by your center.” Bernie said.
Jackie nodded.  “I'm a Radioman and that's communications but Bernie what do you do?”
He looked up at the ceiling and acted abashed.  “I'm a cardiologist.”
They all laughed.
“Well Zolar since there's only two left and the preacher must be the spiritual center that only leaves the intellectual center which is the next one to open.  So what is your line of work?” Bernie asked.
“I'm a physicist.”
“Well brain, tonight you join the club,” Bernie said lightly and added, “then you too will truly understand.”
“Physics,” Jackie reflected thoughtfully.  “It makes sense, the marriage of religion and science.”
Zolar shrugged.
“Let's join the party.” Bernie said and laughed.  “Besides it's our room, and anyway Zolar you left your girlfriend.”
Zolar punched Bernie in the arm.
As they entered they recognized everyone else was there sitting around having a drink except Thomas Lamb who sat blankly on the couch void of all motor senses.
They got their self a drink and started to mingle.
“Here's to Lazarus,” Zolar offered his drink in the air in toast, and nodded to Bernie.
“Lazarus?” Bernie said turning to Jackie and raising his eyebrow.
“A Christian thing,” Jackie explained.  “I believe Christ raised him from the dead after he had been dead for several days.  I'm sure the Reverend Lamb could tell us if we could get him out of his stupor.” She raised her glass in toast and soon the entire room followed suit.
“Jamal, sweetie,” Mindy said rubbing his arm with her long red nail.  “I've run out of cigarettes and I'm going to run out to pick up a pack.  I'll be back in a few minutes.  Do you want me to pick you up anything?”
“Baby, I can send Azid out for you.”  Jamal offered.
“Oh no, that's okay.  Besides I need to pick up some woman things and men hate to buy them for you.” She smiled.
“I'll go with you then Baby.  It's not safe for a beautiful woman like you to be out on the street.”
“No,” she protested trying to think of a quick reason for him to not come along.  She wanted to be alone.  She had to plan her next strategy and more than anything else she wanted the energy of some unsuspecting soul.  “You need to stay here.  I'm sure that they've got a lot to talk about and besides they might not want to talk with me here.  Since I'm not part of all this.” Then added with a smile, “besides I find all of this too deep for my simple little mind.”
“Okay but you be careful.”  Jamal agreed.
“I won't have to go far.” Mindy said as she picked up her purse and left.  
Jamal nodded at Azid and Azid came to his beckoning
“Azid follow her and make sure she's okay.” He ordered.
Azid nodded without comment and started after Mindy.  As he left he found that she had already caught the elevator, so he decided to run down the stairs to catch up.
Maybe he should hang back, he thought.  There was something strange about this little Indian woman.  She was beautiful and nice, almost too nice and when she was near he had this feeling of hostility.
Azid entered the lobby just as Mindy was exiting the front rotating door.  He would hang back and follow her.
He thought about the things that had been happening.  He could understand why Jamal was acting different toward this white man.  He and Jamal would both be dead if it wasn't for John and then the man with his heart cut out.  He had seen a lot of fights and blood in his life.  Life on the streets was bad but he had never witnessed anything as gruesome as the preacher holding that heart.  He shuttered at the memory.
Yes, he could understand Jamal's attitude towards the man named John but this Indian girl had Jamal pussy whipped.  Jamal was so blinded by the girl’s pussy that he couldn't see past his dick.
As Mindy turned the corner she mentally felt Azid.  “Good,” she thought, “yes follow me.  You're just what I need.  I knew Jamal would send his little pit bull to follow me.  Well, well, you just come right along.”
Mindy had walked west on 34th keeping her pace moderate to insure Azid didn't lose her.
“Where is she going?” Azid thought.  “She's already passed two places where she could buy cigarettes.  She's up to something.”
Mindy turned into a half alley between two buildings.  There had been an iron fence with a lock blocking the small entrance between the buildings.  She placed her hand on the lock and it broke and fell to the concrete.  She paused to make sure he saw where she was going.
What was she up to? He stopped in front of the gate peering into the shadows but she was not in sight.  Azid reached to his ankle and pulled out his knife as he entered the darkness.
He moved slowly into the narrow crevice and as he crept deeper, he saw a shadow at the far wall where the alley stopped.  It was a dead end and she must not be able to go any further.  He couldn't figure why she was here unless she had seen him following her.  Maybe that was it, he thought, she had seen him and lured him here.  But why? She obviously liked black men, maybe she wanted him or then again maybe she had to go piss really bad.
“Mindy, it's Azid.” He called to identify himself.  “Are you all right? Jamal asked me to follow you to make sure nobody bothered you.”
“I'm fine Azid.  I saw you following me and thought maybe you might want to be alone with me.” She spoke from the darkness, her voice warm and inviting, her tone alluring and seductive.  
“I can't do that to my friend.” Azid protested but already he was excited by the expectations of her lovely body next to his.  
“Azid, Jamal's my friend not my master, besides I think he's been taken in by these whites.  He wasn't like that when I first met him but now I think they have some kind of spell over him.  He's not like you Azid.” She flattered.
“What do you mean?” He answered, still not able to distinguish her features.
She moved closer to him to where her features could just barely be seen through faint distant glare of the street lights.
“You still hate them, Azid.  You're like me.  I hate them too.” She reached to touch his face ever so slowly, her finger running softly along his jaw.  She moved in close and placed her hand behind his head and drew his lips to hers.
Azid showed no resistance and slid his knife into his back pocket the handle sticking out.  He pulled her close to him, his hands sliding underneath the back of her skirt finding to his thrill no undergarments.
Mindy moved her hands down his chest rapidly unbuttoning his shirt and grasped at his zipper working him free of his bindings.
Azid forced her against the wall his pants lowered to his knees.  He used his knee to separate her legs and forced himself inward.
As he was about to enter her from the standing position Mindy cast a paralyzing energy over Azid.  He crumbled to the ground in his half clothed state.
“You fool.” Mindy screeched standing over him.  Azid's eyes staring up at her, her breasts jutting out.  She bent over him and pulled his knife from his rear pocket.
Azid was unable to speak.  Fear entered his eyes as she stood over him with his own knife.
Mindy's eyes gleamed in wicked delight as she took the knife and cut a shallow line down Azid's chest.
“I almost killed you today.” She laughed insanely.  “You should have died then.  It would have been a gentler death.  Now you will suffer and wish you were dead.  Before I'm finished you will wish the ground could swallow you up.”
“You fucking bitch,” Azid thought, as he silently screamed.  His mind began to haze and slipped toward unconsciousness.
She paused, the knife to where it's razor tip rested on his scrotum.  She held his flaccid meat in her hand and took the knife and slit him from the base of his testicles up the length of his penis to that opening.
“You won’t lose consciousness,” she ordered.  “I will keep you conscious.  I need to bath in your pain―your sweet agony thrills me.”
His testicles dangled from their bag, falling loose on his leg.  She took her free hand and crushed them together as if she were cracking English walnuts.
Azid's eyes began to fog over from the pain.  His arms and legs were unable to defend himself.
“God let me die.”  He prayed silently.
Mindy felt her own energy increase as Azid's agony increased.  Not yet, she thought.  She severed the cord that had once held Azid's now crushed gonads and crammed them between his paralyzed lips.
Finally with a touch of mercy she took Azid's knife and placed the tip where his testicles had been and drove the blade slowly into the body cavity that lay beneath.
Azid's life energy departed him and Mindy drank in his soul’s energy, like alcoholic drinks in liquor.
How sweet his death had been.  His agony had been so satisfying.  Her only regret was that he had not been John.
She smiled as she took Azid's shirt and wiped the handle of the knife with it.
“John,” she thought, “your death will not be so gentle.”
Mindy headed back to the hotel but she didn't forget to get her cigarettes.
She opened the pack of Camels and took her first drag, cherishing the satisfaction of this night.
“Maybe the little fag will be next.” She chuckled aloud between clouds of smoke.
She smiled, she felt so satisfied, so satiated.  “So much better than sex,” she thought.
Glancing at her watch she realized she had been gone for over an hour and would probably have to give Jamal an excuse.
While she walked beside the mounds of garbage left for morning pickup, she thought about what she would say to Jamal.
She would deny having ever seen Azid, even though she knew Jamal would send him to follow.  Play the act, she thought.  That's what she had done for so many years anyway, just play the act, she repeated to herself.
A rumble of moving cans and the rustle of debris caught her attention.  Probably a rat in the trash, she assured herself.
“It sure would be nice if it were a kitten.  That would be a perfect excuse to give Jamal.  “Oh Jamal,” she practiced, “he's so cute and he was stuck in the trash and couldn't get out.  I couldn't leave him, he's so precious, almost as precious as you.”
She laughed at her own antics.  “I just had to save him.” As she stopped chuckling she heard a faint meow from the pile.  Was it possible? Mindy moved around to the street side of the trash and found it's source.
There tangled with its head stuck between the plastic of a six pack can carry, was a tiny bedraggled yellow and white kitten.
“Oh, poor baby,” Mindy soothed, “I'll save you.” She gently picked up the ball of fluff.
“I bet your tummy's so hungry, is that right?” She snuggled the bright eye babe to her bosom.
“And you stink, yes you do.  You need a bath.  Uh-huh, yes you do.”
Now she would have something to show Jamal as proof.  But where had the poor little thing come from.  In the short period of time she had been in New York she had never seen a stray animal, never.  She had seen them on leashes and had seen rats, but no animals roaming free.
“Strange,” she thought, “oh well.” She sighed and shrugged her shoulders.
“Let's go show you off.  What do you think? Would that be nice?” She fingered the kittens mouth with her nail and watched its sucking response.  “Such a little biddy baby,” She cooed.
“What am I going to name you? What would you like?” Then smiled as she verified its’ sex.  “How about Azid?”
“Yes that's it.  But I'll let it be Jamal's idea.”
With kitten in arms she headed back to the hotel, humming softly to it.
As Mindy stood outside of the hotel suite she heard them talking inside.  Slowly she turned the knob and entered quietly without knocking so as to not disturb them.
Upon entry they turned and silently greeted her.  Everyone except Zolar who was speaking to John as the rest of the group listened.
“...  And that's about as much as I know about the opening of the centers.” Zolar paused and nodded a smile at Mindy and then turned back to John.  “What our purpose is, I don't know, except to be there for your assistance.  As to what your purpose is John, well I would say only you can answer that but probably not until the last center is opened.”
John listened intensely, periodically nodding in comprehension.  He was beginning to grasp what had been happening and what was going to happen.
“Zolar, as I told you earlier, I'm here to promote my software.  What I was wondering, is if you would go to the Coast Guard base with me for my last meeting? I don't know why but from what you tell me you're going to be the next center anyway.  Of course that won't happen until midnight but I just have this feeling that you should go along?” John paused, waiting for Zolar's answer.
“Sure John, I don't know what good I will be but if you want me to, well I would be happy to go along.  Besides it might be fun to see where Jackie has to live.” He turned and smiled at Jackie.
“Good.” John said.  “I guess we all need to turn in it's almost four and my meeting is at 1:00 this afternoon.”
Everyone became animated, stretching and yawning and started to head for their respective rooms.
Rudy had left earlier when the talk became serious and he was no longer the center of attention.  He had bid them all good night and had embarrassed Zolar when he had hugged him.  Zolar apologized for the mix-up earlier in the evening and falsely insinuated that he would make it up to him.
“What about the preacher? He looks like he's out of it.” Billy asked as he scanned the group.
“Yeah, and Jackie where are you sleeping and who have you been sleeping with?” Bernie asked accusingly.  
“I've been sleeping with Billy.” Jackie stared at Bernie as if to dare him to make any crude remarks.
Bernie decided not to challenge her glare.  “Well why not move back in with us?”
“Wait just a minute.  How about me?”  Billy protested.
“Guys, guys, let's not bicker over little ole' me.” Jackie smiled radiantly basking in the attention.  “Besides sleep is all we will be doing.”
Billy and Bernie both shrugged and Zolar laughed.
“I'll tell you what Jackie, you can have my room and I'll sleep on the couch.  I've sort got use to sleeping on the couch.” Zolar offered.
“I think that solves all our problems.” Jackie agreed and grinned when Bernie and Billy snarled.
“Wait a minute what are we going to do with the preacher?” Bernie said.
“Bernie seems to me like you to have become bosom buddies.” Zolar smiled.  “He can sleep with you.”
Jackie and Billy laughed and Bernie sneered.
Bernie answered.  “Well I guess somebody better keep an eye on him.  When he comes out of this shock it's hard to say what he might do but I think I've spent enough time with him for a while.  What don't one of you volunteer?”
“I would do it,” Billy offered, “but I don't think it's to wise to have him that close to John without constant supervision.”
“I guess you're right.” Bernie said and added shaking his head in mock humility.  “Okay, he can have my bed and I'll just have to share the bed with Jackie.  I tell you the things I'm am forced to do.”
“Wait just one minute.” Billy protested.  “We're right back to where we started.”
“Listen, up guys, this is the way it is.” Jackie ordered before the argument started.  “I plan on getting some sleep.  So Billy you give me the key to your room and you will sleep in here with the rest of the guys.  Understood?”
Billy nodded as Bernie gave him the evil eye.  With the exception of Thomas who just stared off into space the rest of the group laughed.
Jamal had cornered Mindy and had been quizzing her as to why she had been so long.
John whispered in Morgan's ear and she nodded.
“Someone can use my room.” Morgan volunteered.  “I've made other arrangements.”
“I will,” Jackie jumped at the offer.  “Now Billy you guys can figure out what you're going to do.”
“Hey just one minute, you women might suffer from PMS but guys suffer too.” Bernie began to protest and Billy nodded in agreement.”
“What do you mean?”  Jackie asked.
“We suffer from DSB, and if you think you're bad when you have PMS, you don't want to be around us when we have DSB.” Bernie answered seriously.
“And what, may I ask is DSB?” Jackie crossed her arms and challenged him.
“Deadly Sperm Buildup.”  Bernie smiled.
Jackie and Morgan groaned simultaneously, shook their head and then began to laugh.
As the laughter died, Michael finally volunteered to watch Thomas.
They each bid the others good night.  Jackie went alone to Morgan's room.  Morgan went with John and Jamal went with Mindy.  Michael led Thomas back to his room and Billy retired to his own.
Upon entering their room and closing the door Jamal began to question Mindy.
“Hey Baby, did you see Azid?”
“No I didn't.” Mindy answered innocently placing the kitten on the bed.  She then slipped off her shoes and rubbed her feet, making a quick inspection that there was no tattle-tail blood splattered on her clothes or shoes.
“I sent him after you.  I guess he went back to the house.” Jamal mused.
“Come here.” Jamal ordered.  “But leave that damn cat.  “
”Oh he's cute.”  Mindy said.
“Not as cute as you.” Jamal responded and hugged her close to him.
“You know Baby―you're the best thing that ever happened to me.” Jamal held her tight.
Mindy didn't say anything but let him hold her.
“Before we turn in I want to call the house to see if Azid went there.”
“Okay, I'll take the bathroom first while you call.” Mindy said.
“This is Jamal.”  Jamal said into the receiver.
“I know, but I'm fine.  Let me speak to Azid.”
Jamal paused and then said, “If he shows up tell him to call me.  He knows where I'm at.”
As Jamal hung up the phone he said aloud to himself.  “Azid, where the hell are you?”
From the bed laying on the thick comforter the kitten raised its head and meowed.


CHAPTER  49

The drizzle from the previous day had ceased and the humidity from the evaporation was stifling.  It was after eleven when John and Zolar took a taxi to South Ferry and caught the boat over to Governors Island.
Zolar wasn't sure why John wanted him to come along but things had been happening so fast he had very little time to think about it.
John hadn't said much to Zolar since they had left the hotel.  It was beginning to dawn on John what was happening to him and how these people were becoming intertwined in his life.  He wasn't sure why he had asked Zolar along but after the discussion in the early hours he knew Zolar would be the next person involved in what they had called openings.
After getting off of the Coast Guard Ferry Boat they took the van shuttle to the old building where Commander Smith worked.
They were at Commander Smith's office by 1:00.  As they entered John saw the Warrant Officer working at his computer.  
“Hello Mr.  Bowles.”  John greeted the Warrant Officer.
“Afternoon Mr.  Fleuric.  The Commander's waiting.”
John led Zolar into an old paneled office stacked with papers and blue prints.  
“Hello Jake.”  John said offering his hand in greeting.
“Hello John.  Have a seat.  I'll be right with you.” The Commander pointed to two chairs for them to be seated and picked up a phone and punched in three numbers before John had time to introduce Zolar.  
“Would you tell the Captain that Mr.  Fleuric is here?”
The Commander paused and then added, “Well, when he gets back from his golf game would you tell him we will be waiting,” and hung up.
“Who's your friend?” The Commander eyed Zolar suspiciously.
John realized he didn't know Zolar's last name.  “This is Mr.  Zolar, he's an associate of mine.” John glanced at Zolar to check his reaction and added to Zolar, “Commander Smith.”
“Please to meet you Commander Smith.” Zolar spoke almost mechanically.  
“What seems to be the hold up, Jake?”  John questioned.
“My Captain, Captain Jack, wants to be here for the final agreement.”
“I thought we had settled all of that.” John stated nonplus.
“Well I was in agreement but the Captain reviewed everything and wanted to be in today.” The Commander answered.
John sighed.  “Is he usually in the habit of making people wait?”  
The Commander looked apologetic but said, “He's a Captain and unfortunately in the military that's the way it is.”
“Well, I'm not in the military and I don't particularly like being treated like this.” John said as the door opened.
“Sorry to keep you waiting gentlemen.” The short stocky dark haired man said as he entered.  “I'm Captain Jack I had a few things I had to attend.”
“Like golf?”  John said raising his eyebrows.
The Captain glared and looked at the Commander but didn't say anything.
“Let's get down to business, if we may.” The Captain began and looking at John added, “I assume you're Mr.  Fleuric?”
John nodded.
“And the other gentleman?”
“An associate, Mr.  Zolar.” John said offering no other explanations.
“Well Mr.  Fleuric, your software is quite incredible but at the present time we don't have the use of a satellite needed to aid the tracking of the ships and buoys, but we would like to purchase it for the future.”
“I've already explained to the Commander that any satellite can be used for that purpose.  One of the television networks or even a private one.”
“But that would cost money, and we don't have the budget for something this complex at this time.” Captain Jack rebuked.
“Excuse me gentleman,” Zolar interrupted, “but if I may, I would like to interject a little knowledge that I happen to have about the government and the Coast Guard in particular.  “
All three men turned to Zolar.  John had no idea what Zolar was going to say.  Each one was quiet as if they were spellbound by Zolar's very presence.
Zolar continued.  “I happen to know that you have a satellite that can be used, one of the Star War satellites.  I also know that the Coast Guard has been waiting for a software and hardware system that would serve their navigational functions.”
Zolar paused as the information seemed to register on the Captain's face and then continued.
“Most important, I know that the Coast Guard is now using the Star War Satellites.  The present program is used as a homing device.  The Coast Guard is now using these homing devices or should I call them bugs.  I believe you call them tracking devices.  I also know the Coast Guard is placing bugs on all ships it inspects and all ships it boards.  Part of their war on drugs?” Zolar raised his eyebrows as he paused to watch the Captain's face burning in fiery rage.
“I also know that the Coast Guard is using these bugs to follow the movement of all ships to see what ports they visit and how often.  This way they can keep track of all potential drug smugglers.” He paused leaned back in his chair and stared definitely at the Captain.
“The software that you are going to purchase along with his design in the hardware system is designed to go a step beyond what you are already doing and you know it.  You can require each ship to be computer linked via satellite and then it would become virtually impossible for a ship to run aground or collide.  Your greatest fear is the public will find out you have already been tracking their every move.  You fear your Big Brother tactics will be exposed.  Am I correct?”
“How do you know about this?” The Captain was clutching the arms of his chair and his face was crimson.
“That's top secret information.  I'll have you all in jail.” The Captain threatened.
“I think not, Captain.” Zolar smiled confidently.  “If the public finds out you've been spying on their every movement, I have this feeling the Coast Guard may suddenly cease to exist.” Zolar returned the threat.
The Captain exhaled and said, “Very well we'll purchase your software but before we can put it into effect we will have to go through Washington.”
John stared in amazement at Zolar wondering how he knew about all of this.
They drew up a Memorandum of Purchase and John leased his software and hardware design to the Coast Guard but had made them promise that all countries would share in the navigational breakthrough.
After completing the deal John and Zolar walked over to the Governor's Island motel so John could check out.  
“How did you know about the satellite?”  John asked.
“John, I helped design it almost three years ago.” Zolar said.
“Oh.” Was all John said.
After he had checked out of the island motel John suggested they grab a bite to eat at Burger King on the Island.
John and Zolar sat down to their fast food meal after waiting for almost twenty minutes.  The service was surprisingly poor for Burger King and the physical condition of the space was well below the big corporations usual standards of excellence.  The employees were boated in from the city and were more obnoxious than the average New Yorker.
As they ate still discussing the day’s events they were approached by an attractive young lady.
“Mind if I sit here?” She asked indicating the empty seat.
“Not at all.” John said as he scanned the dining area noticing several other vacant spaces but decided to not make a comment to that effect.  If she wants to sit here why not, he thought to himself.
“Thank you.” She said, sliding into the booth beside John and facing Zolar.  She began unwrapping her food and organizing its location.
Zolar caught John's eye with a silent question and John responded by raising his eyebrows and shrugging his shoulders, indicating he had no idea.
“It's after four, what are our plans for the rest of the evening?” Zolar asked John.
“I don't know? I was hoping maybe you might have some idea.  All of these surprise incidents are beginning to wear on my nerves.” John answered as he stirred his shake with the straw.
“I guess we will just have to play it by ear.” Zolar said.
“Sounds like you guys are new in town.” The girl said smiling at them.
“We've been here a few days.” Zolar answered, wondering who she was and what she was up to.  After the course of the past week he began to not take any incident for granted.  It seemed each and every incident was beginning to have a major significance.  Zolar leaned back to look at the dark haired girl.  He was trying to see if he could see an aura or get any type of mental vibrations from her but came up empty.
“We've been into the city a few times.” John’s answer was noncommittal.  “We've actually spent more time in the city than here on Governors Island.  How about you, are you in the Coast Guard?”
“No, I work for Western Union, I have to deliver messages over here sometimes.  I usually stay over longer than needed.  It's so nice here.  Nicer than the city.”  
“I take it you're from the city?”  John asked politely.
“All my life.  I grew up in Queens but I live in the Village now.” She paused and opened her big brown eyes and smiled at John.  “My name's Becky, Becky Motzarella.”
“Hi, I'm John Fleuric and this is Zolar, uh, “ John turned to Zolar, “I don't know your last name.”
“I found that out today in the meeting.  I'm Zolar Hawkins.” He offered his hand in greeting to Becky.
“Please to meet yeas.” She said her Queens accent was very faint.  “Sounds like you guys are looking for something to do?”
“Well not exactly.” Zolar intervened meeting John's eyes as if to say let me handle this.  “We concluded some business today and thought we would have a bite before we head back uptown to our hotel.  We have some friends waiting there for us.”
“That's good.” Becky said as she moved her dark hair behind her ear.  “It's always good to know someone in New York.  “
”Do you get over to Governors Island often?” Zolar asked.
“Any time they need someone to deliver I manage to get my name pushed to the top of the list.  I love it here.  Did you know that under this Island there are dozens of tunnels left over from years ago.  Almost like a catacomb.”
“I guess New York is like that all over.  I mean with the subway system being so old and all.” John said.
“You're right.” Becky said.  “But the tunnels here date back further than the purchase of this island from the Indians.  It was purchased from the Indians for two axe handles and something or other, I forget.
“I'm not surprised.  I understand Manhattan was purchased cheaply to.” John shook his head.
Becky leaned over and lowered her voice.  “I've been down there.  Down into the tunnels.  It's fascinating.  There are all kinds of drawings on the walls some sort of religions or something.”
“Is that right?” Zolar said wondering were this conversation was going and beginning to have a hunch that his first speculation about this woman was correct.  She was up to something, although all of the keys for opening the centers were now known.  He wondered exactly who she was and were she was headed with all of this.
“How did you get down into the tunnels?” John asked finding his own curiosity increasing.
“Over by the old fort where the flag is there's a hidden door.  Oh, there are entries all over the island.  They were made by the Army when the Army used the Island and they dug them out so they could move all over the Island without having to go outside.  Escape routes the whole nine yards.” She slurped at her drink and inhaled.
“You said there were religious drawings.  What kind of religious drawings?” Zolar asked.
“I found a hidden door in one of the tunnels.” She lowered her voice to a whisper.  “It led to what puts you in mind of Stone Hedge or something, and there's a drawing on the wall of a red star on a mountain.  Well below this star there's a drawing of seven figures around what looks like an altar and on the altar is a man dressed in white.”
Zolar and John stared at each other.
“Why are you telling us this? I mean it's interesting and all but why did you bring it up?” Zolar quizzed.
“I don't know.” Becky stared down at the table acting somewhat sheepish.
“How did you find out about these tunnels to begin with?” John asked knowing that Zolar must be thinking what he was thinking.  That the star was the Roanoke star; and it was the eight of them who had been born at that same hospital on the same day.
“I've been coming over here for years.  My father was in the Army and we use to live on the Island when the Army had it.  You know how kids are always exploring.”
“Becky, there's something you're not telling us and I think it's time you came out with it.  This is just too coincidental for us at this particular time.  We're tired of games.” Zolar stated flatly.  
John turned and watched her as she started to fidget.
Becky took a deep breath.  She raised her head in grace and dignity and when she spoke her voice had change.  The sound that proceeded from her mouth was like the crystallization of chimes singing in the wind.
“I am Kumara.  I am the manifestation of the collective consciousness of all life on this planet.  I am legions of planetary entities that have willed me into this form you see.  “
Zolar looked around to see if anyone was watching them and was surprised that no one seemed to take notice.  He watched Kumara in fascination as she continued.
“I am the registration of energy of a great multitude that keeps this planet.  We are neither good nor evil, neither positive nor negative.  We do not become involved in the power struggles between the two forces.  We do not judge.”  
Kumara gracefully opened her hands palms up and paused.
John and Zolar watched her as she seemed to be drawing upon some other source to help her vocalize.
“I am attempting to make a very abstruse subject clear and human voice proves inadequate.  It is like truth.  Truth is not spoken, it is experienced.”
“But why are you here?” John managed to gather the courage to question.
“Our planet, yours and ours, for we do share it, our world is at a point of tension where he may cease to exist.  The two forces, Good and Evil, are as always at war.  These two powers are like mankind they have evolved and are continuing to evolve.  Each force is blinded by their own perspective.  They are each on the verge of a leap in their own evolution.”
Kumara paused and pointed her finger at John.  “You have been chosen to determine which power will step forward and which will remain temporarily behind.”
John felt horrified, why him? He had just come to realize that he was involved with something he had yet to comprehend and now he was being told he must choose between Good and Evil.
He shook his head.  “You're telling me that I will be the one to determine which of these powers, Good or Evil, will take this evolutionary leap?”
“Yes.”
“I'll refuse to make the choice!”
“That unfortunately, is a choice you will not have.  At the time of your choice there will be only two alternatives.”
“What are these powers you call Good and Evil?”
“Good and Evil are only labels.  They could be called positive or negative, black or white, yin or yang.  They are only labels.”
Kumara paused for a moment to allow John to register what he was being told and then continued.
“The powers of Good and Evil are to some extent like I am, they are a manifestation of collective consciousness of all the living human souls, past and present.  They have been draw by their beliefs, actions and faith, to either the positive or the negative.
I differ, in that, I am the collection of all the life that has lived and is living on this planet.  I am the collection of the beast, foul, and fish.  I am the collection of those humans who were not polarized to the good or evil.  I am mostly the living force of the very elements of the planet, the water, the minerals, the forces seen or unseen of the planet.  I am all of these.”
“But how will I know the difference between Good or Evil?” John's slumped down from the burden of this new knowledge.
“You must forget the terms of good and evil.  They are only labels.  It is truth that you must experience.  One force desires for this planet to continue and one desires for it to end.”
“Then that's easy.” John scratched his head as if the answer was too simple.  “Good wants the planet to continue and Evil wants to destroy it.”  
“That is not necessarily the truth.”  Kumara answered.
“But what are the consequences of these choices?” John asked.  
“You may choose to destroy the earth.”  
John's jaw dropped and Zolar just stared in shock.
“Then the answer is easy.  I won't destroy the earth.” John shook his head and glanced at Zolar for reaffirmation of his decision.
“Dear John, sweet and gentle John,” Kumara patted his hand, “you have two centers that are yet to be opened.  With these two centers you will learn much.  When the time comes you will choose and only then will you be able to decide which is the correct course of action.”
“When you say destroy the earth does that mean the destruction of just man or all life, or what?”
“The earth, the moon, the sun and all of its planets will cease.  This solar system will be no more.”
“They'll explode?”
“They will cease.”
John leaned back on the hard plastic of the booth and gazed up at the ceiling.  He had become speechless.
Zolar inspected Kumara closely.  “Do you mind if I ask a few questions?”
“Not at all.”
John refocused himself to listen.
“How do you know all of this?”  Zolar asked.
“From time to time I become involved with the two forces.  I manifest myself to man and become involved.  I help man to become aware of what he is doing to me.  When I say me, remember I am the conscious of the earth.  I interact with humanity, both mentally and physically.  I have often helped to make man aware of what he is doing to the environment.  I have held political office.  I have been friend and lover to both man and woman.”
“But why did you become involved with these centers if you are neutral?”
“Like your own body, I have a body.  It is the earth itself, and like your own body, I have energy sources which correspond with the centers in your bodies.  I have been affected by each of your centers being opened.  The place where the eight of you were born is my equivalent to your solar plexus, your birth center.  There I have an energy center.  You will be returning there tomorrow.”
Zolar turned to John with the question on his face.  John's response was a shrug indicating that was the first he had heard about it.
“Your friend Michael has already made reservations for your travel.  I am linked with you.  When your second center opened I joined with your preacher, Thomas Lamb.  I joined with him sexually so I could be intertwined with you as you developed.  I can manifest as male or female, any animal, foul or fish.  I can be anything, lamp or stone.  My physical appearance is the vibration of my focalized energy.”
“You told us that there are tunnels below this island.  You want us to go there, right?” Zolar asked her.
Kumara nodded.
“Let's go then, I want to see this wall you told us about.”
“We must wait until after dark.” Kumara answered.  “When the sun sets they will lower their flag and then the shadows of the night will shield us from being seen.”
“The next center to open―me, will that take place in the tunnel?”
“Yes, in the chamber that houses the great wall, your truth will be experienced.”
“Will you join us?”  Zolar asked.
Kumara stared deeply in to Zolar's eyes.  “I will only show you the way.
John looked down at his watch.  “Still a couple of hours before the sun set.  I've heard enough for now.  I need to sort all of this out.” He sighed.  “Let's do something to take our minds off this for a while.”
“Hey there's a bowling alley right next door here.  Let's bowl.  The Coast Guard's got a regular little city here.” Zolar said and looked at John and then to Kumara.
“Love it.” Kumara said slipping back into her Becky role of the street-wise girl who was born and raised in Queens.



CHAPTER  50

“Jamal would you quit pacing.” Mindy complained from the sofa.  “We've sat in this room all day waiting for Azid to call.  I'm getting bored.  Can't we go out and get a little exercise.  The hotel will take a message if anybody calls.”
“Okay Baby, I guess you're right.”
Jamal had called his place but none of his people had heard from Azid.  Jamal told them to put the word out on the street and whenever they found out anything to call him.  He was worried.  This wasn't like Azid.  He knew something was wrong, he could feel it but he didn't know what.
“I'm going to slip into a jumper.  I'll just be a minute.”
Mindy changed and sat down on the edge of the bed too and slipped into a pair of leather pumps.
“Damn.”  She yelled as she jerked her right shoe off.
“What's the matter?”
“That damn kitten shit in my shoe.”
Jamal laughed for the first time today.  “What did you expect? You didn't provide it with a box.”
“Oh, I know.  I was hoping it would use the papers I put down.” She said as she hobbled to the bathroom on her toes with shoe in hand, so as not to smear it worse.  
Jamal was still grinning when she returned.  
Mindy leaned down to scratch the kitten's chin.  “I'm not mad little baby.  I'll bring you a treat back.”
As they left the hotel Mindy lit a Camel and inhaled a couple of times.  Jamal walked on the curb side still worrying about Azid.
They approached a little white girl pushing a baby carriage.  Jamal figured she must be pushing her sister.  The baby was about five months old, her bare legs kicking, arms waiving, all dressed in a pink shirt.  The white plastic pants stuck out as the baby's bare legs kicked.  What drew his attention was the fact the children's mother was several feet behind them arguing with another woman about which store they would go to next.
As they walked past the baby, out of the corner of his eye, Jamal saw Mindy flick her lit cigarette into the carriage.  He started to stop and come to the baby's rescue before it was burned, then quickly decided against that action for fear he would be blamed.  Even in all of his hate for the whites he had never thought about harming children.  He kept walking beside Mindy.  As they passed the two arguing women he heard the baby scream out in pain.  A sound that pierced his nerve endings.
They kept walking as the mother scrambled to her baby's call.  Jamal wanted to look back to see if everything was all right.  He kept watching Mindy as her face remained stoic.  Only a faint smile touched the corners of her lips.  
Jamal started to stop her there in the street and confront her with what he had seen.  Maybe it had been an accident, he told himself.
He shook his head and thought, “No, she did it deliberately.  She seems so sweet, so gentle with the kitten.  How could she be such a fucking bitch?”
This was not the place, he decided.  Perhaps over their dinner.
They walked on quietly until Mindy chose where she wanted to eat.  Jamal never argued over her choice, it didn't matter to him, besides she was the one that always paid.
After they ordered Jamal decided to question her but he wasn't sure exactly how.
“Mindy, I've got something to ask you and I want you to be honest with me.”
Mindy looked at him with her soft brown eyes shining.  “Uh-oh,” she thought.  “He must have seen what I did.”
“Jamal,” she said softly, “there's no reason why I shouldn't be honest with you.”
“I'm not judging you.  I just want to know why? I saw you flip your cigarette into that carriage.” He stopped anticipating her denial.
She nodded her head and said without a trace of remorse.  “I didn't realize you saw it.  It's wasn't like I could help it, I mean I could have, but I just hate the whites so much, I want to hurt them.”
“But a baby?”
“That baby will grow up.” She stated defiantly.  “Jamal you of all people understand how I feel.  Look at what they have done to your people.  Well they enslaved yours but they took every hing away from us and put us on reservations.  Reservations! It's the same damn thing as putting you into prison.”
Jamal shrugged.  “I understand and if you had asked me a week ago to help you I would have but after this past week I just don't feel the same hatred.  It's not gone I just don't feel the vengeance I did.”
“You're a fool Jamal.  This man John, that all of you seem to be drawn to, is no different than any of the other whites.  Even if he's not consciously using you, he's doing it unconsciously.  I understand a lot more of what's going on than you realize.” She decided it was time to lay some of her cards on the table, she would need Jamal to take John's power.  She had to convince him that John was the enemy.  All whites were enemies.
“He's nothing without the rest of you.  Don't you realize that? What is he, some kind of god or something?” She shook her head vehemently.  “I don't think so and down deep I don't think you believe that either.  Who the hell said god was white?”
Jamal noticed that her eyes seemed to blaze.  He had been a center and he had an understanding now of something that he had never understood before.  He knew that he wouldn't be able to explain it to her.  If someone had tried to explain to him, what he now knew, he would have denied it.  As he looked at her he realized that he had fallen in love with her.  More than sex, more than friends, it was a spiritual love, something he couldn't understand.  He would just have to watch over her and protect her from herself.
“Mindy, I know how you feel.  I understand it.  I truly do and I want you to understand that you can depend on me.  No matter what happens, I will be there with you.”
She smiled broadly.  “Thank you Jamal, I knew I could depend on you.”
As they spoke with each other, neither one understood the depth of the conversation.  Each one believing the other one's comprehension of their situation was far less than the actual fact.
When they returned to the hotel Jamal had a message to call his place.
Jamal hung the phone up after finishing his conversation.
He turned to Mindy, “They found Azid.  Dead!”
He went to the bathroom and closed the door.  Collapsing on the floor he cried silently, his tears flowing freely.  His pride dictated his privacy.


CHAPTER  51

Michael hadn't told the other's that he had made reservations for them all to travel to Roanoke tomorrow morning.  He had reserved eleven seats.  He figured that after the next opening he would tell them what he did.  Their flight was scheduled to leave at ten.  It didn't give them much time for sleep but they would be there before 1:00 in the afternoon.
The Reverend Lamb had slept most of the morning but Michael had to give him an injection to make him sleep after he had awaken and started to protest he was being held prisoner.  Michael felt sure all of the others would be agreeable about going to Roanoke but he still wasn't sure how he would convince the good Reverend to go along without force.  He had made enough reservations to cover all of the centers and all of those who had been drawn into any of the openings.  He guessed he had better call down to tell Rudy that he was going along.  He didn't want to take him along but he had experienced Jamal's opening.  After listening to them talking when they were together he deciphered that Rudy was the only one working.  So he would be the only one who would have to make arrangements to be off.
He was going to tell him he was going.  He shook his head.  Rudy was the type that like to be ordered around.  Strange as it is, that was just the way some people are.  He might as well tell the others while he was at it.
He heard John ask Zolar to go with him back to the Coast Guard base.  He didn't know why John had wanted him to go but Zolar was the next center.  He would be the key that would help them all understand what was taking place.
The Reverend was going to be the problem but he would figure it out.
He had called them all and told them the plan.  They had been agreeable.  He hadn't reached John or Zolar but he was sure they would be agreeable.  He had been right about Rudy too, the man had balked until he told him in no uncertain terms, he would do as he was told and he then became extremely appeasing.
He had been shocked when he was told by Mindy that their friend Azid had been killed.  He wondered what had happen to the man.  Mindy said she would have to check with Jamal but she felt sure he would go without any problem.  It was just that Jamal had wanted to be alone for a while to mourn his friend.
There was something about her Michael couldn't quite put his finger on.  Almost something callous, yet she had made him promise to call the airlines back and tell them she would be bring that scruffy looking cat she had found.
She had been gone a long time last night and Azid left shortly after her but he hadn't returned when she did.  Apparently he hadn't been seen alive after that.  He wondered how Azid had died.  It was very strange indeed.
Michael suddenly had a thought and went to the phone.
“Give me Clarets,” he said into the phone.  He waited for several minutes for the detective to come on the line.
“Clarets, this is Michael.  When you investigated the births that took place at the hospital you said one of them had died, a young girl, I want you to investigate that death for me.” Michael paused.
“Give me a call back here tonight.  If I'm not in, leave a message but whatever you do I need the information by tomorrow evening.  I'll be in Roanoke tomorrow, so if you haven't called me by then I'll call you.”
Michael listened for a moment and then said, “Listen I've supported you and your agency for years.  I don't give a damn what it cost, I don't care if you have to wake up people in the middle of the god damn night! I want that information.  Hire as many as you have too and I assure you, it will be worth your while.  Just get me information.”
He hung up the phone and turned and stared at his other problem lying unconscious on the bed.  How was he going to get the preacher to be cooperative?
Picking up the phone again he punched in several numbers.
“Hello.”
“Hello Jackie?”
“Yes.”
“This is Michael, I need to talk with everyone.  It's about the centers.”
“Oh, hi Michael.  Come on over, we're just sitting around playing cards.  That's about all we've done all day.
“Now is okay?”
“Sure, I think everybody's ready for a break.  By the way, how's the Reverend?”
“He's sleeping.”
“Still?”
“Yeah, I sort of had to help him, if you know what I mean.”
“I understand.  Come on over.  Do you want one of us to watch him?”
“No, he'll sleep for a while.  I'll be over in a few minutes.  Bye.”
“Bye.” Jackie said and then turned to the group gathered around a table.  “Michael's coming over.  He said he wanted to talk to us about the centers.”
“Fine with me.” Bernie said.  “I'm tired of rummy.  I'm ready for a break.  Jackie, I think you and Billy are cheating.  What's the score?” He asked Morgan.
“We have 220 to their 475.”  She answered.
“Come in.” Bernie yelled in response to the knock.  He leaned back to where he was balanced only on the rear two legs of his chair.
“Didn't your mother tell you not to do that?” Jackie poked at Bernie with her foot trying to make him turn over.
“Yeah, every day.”
“Well?”
“Well what?”  Bernie responded.
“Why are you leaning back?”  Jackie scowled.
“Because she told me not too.”  He grinned.
“Smart-ass.” Jackie grinned back.  “And I bet you leave the refrigerator door open to?”
“How did you know?”
Jackie turned to Michael as he sat down on the sofa.  “Hi, we haven't heard from John yet.”
“I didn't figure you had.” Michael answered.  “Hi Morgan, I was hoping you were here.  I called your room.”
“We've been playing cards all day.” She said, “And losing I might add.”
“We're playing strip poker next.” Bernie joked.  “I bet you'll play a better hand then.”
“Bernie you're incorrigible.” Jackie chuckled and sat down on the opposite end of the sofa.”
“What's up?” Billy finally joined in and put an end to the horseplay.
“As you know, “Michael ran his hand through his hair, “the sixth center opens tonight.” He watched as they nodded in agreement.  “Well tomorrow is the Reverend and from what I gather, most of you know, I was originally the first center.  I'm sure Billy does.”
 Billy nodded in agreement and said, “And we know all of the centers have certain powers, or should I say abilities, but the two substitutes don't.” He paused and looked at Morgan.
“I understand that, Michael.” Morgan answered.  “I was going to say something earlier this morning but didn't get much of a chance.” She paused and looked around at the others to watch their response to what she was going to tell them.
“My parents were members in of an ancient esoterical religion and when I was eight they began teaching me about John's coming.  I was told I would be a substitute center for a girl who had gone crazy.  They taught me what to expect and that I wouldn't have the ..., as you put it, the ability of the center but after my center opened I would have a certain amount of telepathic or rather empathic ability.  I know Billy is the same.  We've shared mental thoughts before.”
“Yeah,” Billy agreed.  “It's not completely words but more a comprehension of an image the word creates.” He shook his head as if he was trying to comprehend what he had just said.
“I think all of us are now linked.” Michael said “whether we want to be or not.”  
This time no heads bobbed but they each responded yes mentally.
Michael smiled in response then said, “The last center to open is Lamb, and it should happen in Roanoke.” He paused again awaiting their reaction but they waited for his explanation.
“From what I can tell,” he continued, “the source of our centers is like my own center, Billy and my center,” he corrected himself.  “The source is like the first center’s opening and each one of us needs to be there for the last center to open.  It will take all of us with our keys vibrating in unison.  Well, I made flight reservations for all of us to Roanoke.”
“Thank you.”  Billy said, looking around at the solemn faces.  “I had the feeling it was going to be necessary but I wasn’t sure.  Just sort of a feeling and I didn’t know how to bring the subject up and I certainly don’t have your revenue… must have cost a fortune.”
Michael waived his hand in dismissal at the mention of money and stated, “It’s only money.”
“Only money, to you, but I’m in the military.  We don’t exactly get paid that much.”
Michael understood what Billy meant.  It hadn’t been that long ago when he wondered how he was going to get his next bottle of wine.
“Well anyway,” Michael continued, “I thought I would check with all of you just to see if you were in agreement.  I also made extra reservations for Mindy, Rudy and Azid because each of them has taken part in at least one of the openings and I figured they probably have gathered some of the energy from those openings.  Plus with two substitutes I thought the extra energy would probably help out.  Since Azid’s death I guess I won’t need the extra ticket.”
Sounds logical to me.”  Morgan said.  “You might, ought to keep the seat you had for Azid.  You never know when there might be somebody else brought into the opening tonight.” 
“I guess you’re right.”  Michael responded.
“What time do we leave?”  Jackie asked.
“We will leave at ten and should be there by one tomorrow afternoon.”  Michael answered.
“Want to play some cards with us?”  Bernie shuffled the deck.  “Help me keep an eye on Jackie and Billy, so they don’t cheat.  Probably using telepathy.”
Michael smiled and stood up and stretched.  “You’re probably right there but I guess I had better go back and watch over the good Reverend.”
“If you need somebody to relieve you let us know,” Bernie offered.
“Thanks, I’ll let you know.”  Michael said as he headed for the door.
“Hey Michael,” Morgan called, “are you going to be here with us at the time of the next center?  I have this feeling John and Zolar won’t be back until after the opening.”
Michael turned and nodded in agreement.  “I think you’re right.  I had the same feeling.  It’s a strange feeling, like something most unusual is going to happen.  I just hope they are all right.  I’ll call you about eleven and check and see if they’re back.  If they’re not I’ll need one of you guys to give me a hand and bring Lamb with me.  I really don't want to leave him alone during the opening.  Besides I was going to slow up on giving him the sleeping drug.  I want him to be a little alert.”
“Are we going to be able to talk him into going with us tomorrow?” Morgan questioned.
“I don't know if we can talk him into it but he will go, even if we have to put him in a sack and tie him to the outside of the plane.  Without him there will be no opening.”
“That's a for sure.”  Billy said.
“Well, I'll see you later.” Michael said turning the door knob.
“Wait a minute, how about Jamal?”  Jackie said.
“I'll call him around ten.  Give him a little more time with his grief.” Michael said and shut the door behind him.
“Well now,” Bernie said rubbing his hands together and then clasped them and pushed them palms out to pop his knuckle joints.  “Let's play some more cards.”
“Might as well,” Jackie sighed.
“How about a little strip poker?” Bernie grinned wickedly.
“Yeah,” Billy chimed in.  “Two girl, two guys, good odds.”
“I don't think so.” Jackie slapped at both of them playfully.
“I'm game.” Morgan grinned so wide her dimples appeared.
They all turned and looked at her but Jackie was the one who finally said something.  “Morgan, I'm shocked.  What would John say?”
“Hey, wait a minute, I had sex with him I didn't marry him.  I saved myself for him now I'm ready to cut lose.  Besides I've turned down hundreds just so I could save myself for him.” She paused and sighed visibly and added with sweet smile, “Although he did cause me to see fireworks.”
“That's putting it lightly.” Jackie said and they all laughed.
“Besides, Bernie said strip poker, not carnal knowledge.” Morgan said.
“With Bernie they're the same thing.” Jackie said as she jabbed Bernie in the side with her elbow.
“Ouch!” Bernie yelped.  “Women, you can't live with them….”
The rest of them chimed in “And you can't live without them!”
“Unless you're Rudy.” Billy said as he poked Bernie in the other side of his rib cage.
“Ouch!” Bernie complained.  “What is this pick on Bernie day?”
“Well are we going to play strip, or what?” Billy asked hopefully.  “I'm game too.”
“Okay,” Jackie said in agreement, “but I promise you I am going to cheat.”
“You ladies have to take off some clothes before we start so we'll all have the same number of articles starting out.” Bernie protested.
“That's what you think,” Jackie said.  “I told you I plan to cheat.” She chuckled and the rest of them joined in.
“Oh! All right,” Bernie pouted.  “Beggars can't be choosy, but I deal first.”


CHAPTER  52

They heard colors when the flag was respectfully lowered but continued their bowling game until the sun was beyond the New Jersey skyline.  The three of them walked silently in the humid night air, past the Chief's townhouses, and past the Bachelor Officer's Quarters.  The base theater had a poster up advertising a movie which had ran the civilian circuit six months ago and had already been released on video.
They paused at the edge of the golf course and stared in the distance at the shadow of an old fort.  Several of the most brilliant stars twinkled faintly through the miasmal vapor of the city's lights and heat.
“The door to get into the tunnels is on this side of the fort.  I'll show you.” Becky said, as she headed out onto the golf course.  
“See those trees,” she pointed, “it's just past there.”
“Do you have a flash light?” Zolar asked.
“I have a couple of Maglite’s.” She opened her purse and pulled out a couple of hand size lights with a magnifying lens over the bulb.  “Don't turn them on until we get into the tunnel.”
The fort sat on top of a small hill.  It looked more like an old castle, complete with moat, but now the moat was dry and was covered with well-manicured grass.  They climbed down into the moat until they came to a wall of gray granite.
In the dim light John and Zolar couldn't tell exactly what Becky was pushing on but a small hole appeared near the ground.
“You have to crawl in.” She said as she hiked up her skirt and got down on her knees.  John and Zolar followed in the same fashion.
After they squeezed through the hole they were able to stand up.
“You can turn your lights on now.  “ Becky suggested through the blackness of their surroundings.
The Maglite’s proved to extremely adequate as they flipped the switches.
Upon inspection John found the tunnel was of the same gray granite blocks as those exposed to the exterior world.  Becky pushed her foot against the stone which had allowed them in and it slid back into its niche.
“This way,” Becky said heading down the long corridor of gray stone.
“Here,” Zolar offered his light, “you're leading the way.”
“I don't need it.”  She answered.
Zolar and John glanced at each other as they followed into the still quiet cool man made tunnel.
“I can take you to the entrance of the chamber but I cannot enter.” Becky said.
“Why?” John asked.
“It is considered the chamber of knowledge of good and evil, since I am neither, I respect those entities and will not interfere by allowing them to draw upon my energy when the center opens.”
They walked on through the narrow spaces passing several other open door ways leading to other areas.  Finally Becky stopped and again placed her hands upon the cool granite.  This time a wide door opened gapping from floor to ceiling.
“This is as far as I go.” She said as her voice shift back into the crisp chimes of Kumara.
“Wait a minute, how do we get out of here? Are you going to wait for us?” Zolar questioned nervously.
“I won't wait.  Just remember when you leave this door take a right and continue straight.  When the tunnel stops dead, kick the bottom center stone and you will be back to where you started.”
Zolar flicked his light onto his watch.  “It's only ten, what do we do until midnight?”
“Wait.”
“Will we see you again?”  John asked.
“You may.” She answered and her body began to fade until she was no longer there.
“I didn't use to believe in ghost stories.” Zolar said facing the opening.
“Me neither.  You first,” John gestured with his Maglite.
“Me? You're the main man.” Zolar countered, feeling slightly skittish.
John held his light up and focused it through the opening.  “Another corridor.  Looks like a patch work quilt of brown stones.”
“It's a lot cooler in here.” Zolar murmured shivering slightly and followed John.
The tunnel appeared to have been built at an earlier time than the one they had left.  The width was so narrow their shoulders occasionally brushed either one wall or the other.  The floor felt as if it were on a decline as they proceeded further along.  They made several sharp turns as they went further down until it opened into a large chamber.  The walls of the chamber were built from a pale unidentifiable stone.  It the center of the room was a hole about three feet in diameter.
Shining their lights around John was the first to speak.
“Here's the wall she was talking about.”
There on a mountain was a five pointed star painted in red.  At the mountains base was a crude drawing of seven people gathered around a white figure lying on a slab of stone.
John felt himself shiver as he stared at the drawings.  Zolar walked around the pit and stood by his side.


CHAPTER  53

Jamal and Mindy had joined the others waiting in the hotel suite for the next center to open.  Michael managed to get the Reverend Lamb to come of his own accord.  The preacher was still groggy from the drugs but sat quietly watching the group.
Bernie was still complaining because Jackie had backed out of playing strip poker.  He tried to joke about her backing out but down deep Jackie could tell he had been disappointed.  She hadn’t been offended by his attitude but surprised herself that she actually thought his mood was sweet.  He was still sulking.  Billy just sluffed it off.  In his short time in the Coast Guard he had seen more than most people dreamed of doing in their entire lifetime.
Mindy sat smoking one cigarette after the other while petting the kitten.  She had talked Jamal into helping her give it a bath and he had actually enjoyed it.  It had helped him to quit thinking about Azid.  While they had been bathing the kitten, she suggested to Jamal that he should name it.  It took her several minutes but after a while she managed to convince him to call the cat, Azid, in memory of his friend.  Of course Jamal had thought it was entirely his idea.
Morgan, Jackie, Billy and Bernie continued to play cards.  They had offered to start a new game of rummy so the others could join in but everyone else had declined.
“That must be Rudy.” Michael said in response to the knock at the door.  “I told him to join us.  I think everyone who has been involved with the centers should continue to be in on them, if at all possible.  I hope nobody minds.”
Most of them murmured it was a good idea or no problems and Bernie said, “Too bad Zolar isn't here.  He'll miss his girlfriend.”
Bernie was the only one chuckling when Rudy entered.  Jackie gave Bernie a scowl and a mental reprimand telling him to behave.
“Hi,” Rudy greeted them somewhat grimly.  “Michael told me what was going on today.  I really don't want to be a part of any of this.” Rudy sat down in one of the arm chairs near Michael.
“It's just a little after eleven, what are you doing until this next center, or whatever you call it, opens?”
“We're just waiting Rudy.” Jackie smiled at him as she felt his nervousness.  “Do you want to play some rummy?” She added in hopes to set him to ease.
“No thanks.  I'll just wait.” Rudy said as he drummed his fingers on the arm chair.  “Michael I'm sure you didn't tell me everything, I mean not that you are hiding anything but I wasn't able to speak to you very long on the phone.  What I was wondering is, if it's possible, if you wouldn't mind, could I ask a few questions?”
“Certainly Rudy, like it or not you have become involved in what's been occurring.” Michael said.  “I don't think anyone objects.”
“Not at all, Rudy, I think we all still have a lot of unanswered questions.” Morgan said folding her cards.
“Okay.” Bernie said as he, Jackie and Billy laid their cards down.  They pulled their chairs over to the living room space where the rest of the group sat.
“Ask away.”  Jackie said.
“I understand there are these centers and they're some kind of things in the body and they are all connected to Mr.  Fleuric.  Seven of them, is that right?” Rudy watched as several of them nodded agreement.  “We're getting ready for another one to open at midnight and that's your friend Zolar?”
“That's all correct, Rudy,” Morgan said realizing he wasn't sure what to ask but was curious.  “Zolar is the next center.  He's the sixth center to be exact.  The Reverend, there is the next one after that.” She pointed at Thomas who seemed to be trying to listen and understand what they were saying.  “Zolar is the intellectual center.  The center which is focused around the pineal gland.”
Rudy grinned.  “I like the penis gland.”
“Pineal, pineal,” Bernie interrupted.  “Well, actually it's the intellectual center but to be more precise, or at least what I gathered from Zolar when he told us about all of the centers, the pineal gland is more closely connected to the intuition.  And that's what we're waiting on.”
Rudy grunted.  “It was a joke, I’m not that dumb.  So, what’s the purpose of all this?”
They looked around the room, each one wondering if one of the others would take that question.  After several moments of quiet Billy took the lead.
“We're not sure.  It's was apparently planned by someone but all we have is fragments of information.  Seven births took place on the same day and here thirty years later these centers are opening.  To what end this activity is taking place none of us are sure.  We are hoping after the center opens tonight we will have a little more information.”
Michael looked at Rudy.  “That's why you need to go to Roanoke with us tomorrow.  I'm sorry if it all came at short notice.  I really do apologize for bullying you into going but you got yourself involved by your own action when you followed us down to South Ferry.  The night Jamal's center was opened.”
“By the way, Rudy,” Billy said.  “We've been talking today and we have a suspicion Azid's death was somehow connected.” He paused for Jamal's reaction.
“What do you mean?”  Jamal spurted out quickly.
“Jackie, Morgan, Bernie and I,” Billy began, “have come to the conclusion.  There have been several deaths in the hotel and then the incident with the car, we think they are connected.  It could be coincidental but we're no longer sure that there is even such a word as coincidental.  First you had the clerk in the lobby killed.  Then the man on the elevator and the car that hit Azid.  But Azid lived but now he's been found mutilated.” Billy paused and watched the pain on Jamal's face.  “I'm sorry Jamal, I know how painful this is but you have to admit all of this is insane.”
“I know,” Jamal said.  “I had Jackie kidnapped.  I knew she was somehow connected with the coming of the Messiah.  Of course, I thought the Messiah was going to be black.  I've had to do a lot of reevaluating of my own beliefs these past few days.  Ever since my center was opened, I've felt different.  I don't know how to describe it.  It's like I am a piece of a jigsaw puzzle.” He paused and glanced at Mindy.  “I don't feel the hatred that had been festering in me.  I still feel resentment towards people being treated unfairly.  Even the way people treat you Rudy, and your kind.  I don't like your sexual preference but I don't hate you for it anymore.  And I don't hate all of the whites like I did.  Rudy you had a double dose of my hate.  One for being white and the other for being a…,” he paused and stopped himself from saying fag and finished with, “gay.”
Jamal then turned to Jackie and with his most sincere tone he said.  “I'm sorry Jackie for kidnapping you and what we might have done to you.”
“I understand Jamal, it's a screwy world.” Jackie answered.  “What were you going to do to me?”
“Use your imagination.”  He answered.
“Oh, I guess I suspected that.”
“Getting back to your question, Rudy,” Billy interrupted, “we're all just strangers to each other.  We're not sure of the purpose of what is happening but we know tomorrow we will know.  We hope we gain a little more understanding after Zolar's center opens.”
“How are you doing Reverend?” Jackie asked noticing he was trying to pay attention to what was being said.
Everyone turned waiting to see his response.
“I'm confused.” Thomas answered and pointed his finger at Michael.  “I don't need any more drugs, do you understand?”
Michael just looked at him without answering.
“I need to think clear headed and that drug is making me sleep.  I think I'm beginning to understand what's going on.  I'm not totally stupid, you know.  I know we're all going to Roanoke tomorrow and you expect me to take part in this center being opened.  Well, I still think the man is from Satan and Michael, I know you've been trying to figure out how you're going to get me to Roanoke.  Well, I'll answer your question.  I'll go of my own free will but after I get there don't depend on me to take part in any of this stuff.  I will have no other gods before me.  What time will we be in Roanoke tomorrow?”
“We should be there around one in the afternoon.” Michael answered.
“Yes tomorrow,” Mindy thought, as she sat demurely listening to their idle chatter.  “Tomorrow I will have it all.”



VII.  THE SIXTH CHAKRA 
 SHASRARA THE PINEAL

The Pineal center, also called the intellectual or intuitive center, is often spoken of as the third eye, but in truth, it is the eye that reasons the thoughts and separates the is, from the is not.  Thus is known the power of the knowledge of good and evil.  Seeing that which was, and that which will be.
THE DOCTRINE OF THE CHAKRA CENTERS by Tawadin Djwahan


CHAPTER  54

“Gives me the creeps.”  Zolar said staring at the wall.
“Me too.”  John walked around the pit shining his light for any other drawings.  His light fell on two stone chairs on the other side of the pit.
“Looks like those are meant for us?”  John gestured causing the light to bob.  
“Who's, is who's?  I mean who sits where?”  Zolar asked.
“Just take one.  I guess if it's wrong we'll find out.  “
”Good logic.”  Zolar shrugged and sat down.  He leaned back, laying his Maglite on the corner of the chairs arm.  Sweat trickled down his neck in spite of the coolness of the room.
John walked over to the edge of the pit, shined his light down.  “Wonder what's down there?”
“Hell, probably.”  Zolar joked, but it didn't sound humorous, even to him.
“The light doesn't hit bottom.”
“Toss in a stone.”
John looked around, picked up a granite fragment about a third the size of his hand and dropped it.  They held their breath listening for it to hit bottom.
After several seconds John turned to Zolar.  “Did you hear it hit?”
“No.”
“Me neither.”  John walked over and sat in the other chair.  Leaning back his head, he closed his eyes.
They spent several minutes in near dead silence, thinking to their self, and listening only to the sound of their breathing.
“I wonder what the rest of the gangs doing?”  Zolar's voice vibrated through the room.
“Partying, probably.  What time is it?”
Shining his light at his watch Zolar said, “Almost eleven.”  
John grunted a moan.  
“Well John, what do you think about all of this?”
“I don't know.  I just don't know.  The past week has been totally insane.  If you guys weren't experiencing these things too, I think I would have had myself committed.”  
“I know what you mean.”  
“Can I ask you something?”  
“Sure, anything.”  Zolar looked at him.  
“The things we've seen—these visions, or whatever they are—what did they appear to be to you?”
“Well, my best guess is they're the beginning of the universe.  The creation of everything.”  He looked to John for confirmation and added, “Is that what you think?”  
“Yeah, I guess that's what they were,” John nodded.  
“At least that's my impression now but I just didn't want to voice it.  You're a physicist, this creation thing, must be right up your alley?”
“Not exactly.  I'm in a different line but we studied some of it.  You must have too in school.  Creation is usually taught in biology, evolution, and physics.  They touch on it in just about every science class.”
“I had it but it’s still pretty vague.  If I remember correctly aren't there two theories?”  John asked.
“Two scientific theories that are recognized as having possible merit.  The Big Bang and the Steady State.”
“Sounds familiar, I just can't remember the what-fors.  Would you refresh my memory?”  John stuck his hands behind his neck as a cushion.
“You want it brief?  Or in detail?”
“How about somewhere in between.”
“Let me see.”  Zolar inhaled and paused.  “The Big Bang is the one where a primal mass of matter was the only thing that existed, and it exploded.  The primal mass, itself, has two theories.  One is that the amount of all existing matter is finite; and the other is that an infinite amount of matter exists.  If the mass is finite, then at some point in the expansion of the universe, the matter will start to contract.  The other, of course, is that the matter will continue on into infinity; either renewing itself or it will eventually dissipate.”
“How about the Steady State?” John asked.
“It's a more recent theory.  The Big Bang Theory was proposed in the 1930's and the Steady State in the late 40's.  The Steady State says the universe is infinite in time and space.  No beginning—no end.  That as it disappears from our view at the edge of what we can observe it renews what is lost.  I kind of think they're trying to say that the universe is round like a ball.  All you see is the horizon but over the horizon is more.”  Zolar stretched to pop his spine.
“The feeling I've been getting is we experienced the Big Bang.”  John said.
“Yeah, me too, but with a religious slant to it.  Or was that just my impression.”  Zolar eyed him cautiously and continued.  “I keep getting these feelings that Jackie, and the others, that after their centers were opened they experienced something else—something they're not talking about.  Bernie just kept saying that when my key was used I'd understand.  How about you? Any great revelations?”
John shook his head.  “Just visions—incredible visions; except what we experience with Bernie wasn't too incredible nor a vision.  It was real, or seemed real and then the healing of Jamal—then Azid.  You said it was more than just physics but religious too, what do you mean?”
“Sort of a planned creation―an intelligent design.  It's confusing, like so many meanings and causes for every action that we've seen.” Zolar paused trying to sort out what he wanted to say.  “Did you grow up in some form of traditional Judeo-Christian teachings?”
“Methodist.”
“Good, it'll make it easier to explain.  I had to study just about every religion there is.  So, let me see if I can connect it with Christianity.  Take the explosion of the primal mass―it was like God and Satan; you know the Judeo-Christian thing about kicking Satan out of heaven.
John shrugged, but nodded.
“More than that.  It was, like I was saying, everything has more than just one meaning for what happened.  I can't help but compare it to God kicking Satan out because Satan wanted to take over heaven.  Satan was greedy, and through his own desire drew other angels to him.  Well, in the Big Bang, the theory is that for some reason an imbalance occurred and caused the explosion.  A sub-atomic particle drew other particles and caused the end of the status quo.  A great war in heaven, so to speak.
“Like in the Bible where it says, 'in the beginning was the Word, and the Word was God, and the Word was with God.' Kind of confusing.  It sounds like three beings or entities.  You've got the Word, and then you've got the Word that was God, and then you got the Word that was with God.  See what I mean, confusing.  But doesn't it sound like three of them?”
“When you put it like that—it does.”  John answered.
Zolar eyed the confusion on John's face but continued.  “Just like the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost are called the Trinity.  There is a lot of diverse beliefs on whether they are one or three.  If you break it down it would be: 'In the beginning was the Word'―the Father is the beginning; the Father was the Word.  Then you have 'and the Word was God—Jesus said he was the Son of God and the Word.  Then you have the Holy Spirit, which came to mankind after Jesus died the last part is 'the Word with God.'  The Word was not only the Father, but also the Son and then it became more; it was now with God.”
“Confusing?”  John said shaking his head.
Zolar sighed in agreement.  “Now, in the Big Bang, the theory is that before the explosion there existed only protons, neutrons and electrons—i.e., the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.”
“Yeah but where does the devil fall into all of that? John asked.
“How about this, what if everything in the primal mass, the whole glob, was God.  Within the mass, there again the whole mass is God, but inside the whole thing there are the others—neutrons, protons, and electrons.  Sort of like our little entity, Becky, alias, Kumara.  She said she was neutral.  There you got Good and Evil, Good being the proton, or positive charge.  Evil being the electron, or negative charge.  And the neutron of course was neutral.  Well, what if an electron, the negative, you know the devil, well, what if the negative somehow attracted a neutron to it.  Like Satan lured the angels to rebel.  Then suddenly the whole thing is no longer status quo, everything's off-balance, and boom!  The whole damn thing falls apart.”
“Pretty far-fetched,” John said.
“Okay, look at it like this.  Just keep that in mind and I'll take it further.  After the explosion of the Big Bang, within the first five minutes of the beginning of the universe, things started to cool down.  The theory is that the rest of the universe was formed by neutron capture―that's according to the theory—but within the first few minutes it cooled down enough to permit interactions between neutrons and protons, to form deuterium.”
“What's deuterium?”  John asked, as he watched Zolar.  Zolar was becoming physically animated, his hands gesturing freely as he spoke, his eyes wide and alert with a distant stare that made John feel Zolar was seeing these things in his mind as he told them.
“It's a hydrogen isotope twice the mass of ordinary hydrogen.  It's heavy hydrogen.  It's the same as hydrogen but bigger.”
“I don't see where you're going with this,” John said.
“Okay, it's like this, there was a war in heaven, and Satan was thrown out.  God, being a very wrathful God, at that point, tossed Satan out but in doing that he created one of his own first laws.  The law that states; for every action there is an equal opposite reaction.  In tossing Satan out He also tossed himself out.”
Zolar stood up and began pacing, clasping his hands behind his back.  “Don't you see, God had literally condemned himself to hell when he condemned Satan.”
John's mouth gaped open in disbelief.  He started to protest but Zolar didn't give him a chance.  “The void was hell, and he was literally falling apart.  That's where the Christian's Jesus analogy comes into play.  Remember we said God was the whole thing, everything that existed, the Word was God, Right?”
John nodded his head watching Zolar as he became more animated.
“What is a word?”  Zolar stopped in front of John and pointed his finger at him.
“Uh,” John began wondering what Zolar wanted him to say.  Zolar being a scientist must want the basic meaning.  “It's a speech sound that symbolized the meaning of something.”
“Right!”  Zolar smiled in agreement.  “And what is a sound?”
“A vibration of atoms?”  John said unsure if that was the answer.
“Right, again.  Now, what if we substitute the word vibration for the word, Word in our Biblical creation sentence?  In the begin was the Vibration, and the Vibration was God, and the Vibration was with God.”
“How does that relate to Christ?”  John asked.
“I'll get there.”  Zolar waived his hands.  “But first, what is an explosion?”
John nodded slowly as he began to understand where Zolar was headed.
Before John answered Zolar said, “An explosion is the vibration of matter.  Now, we said a vibration was a word, but the word we are referring to is more than just a vibration or a mere explosion.  It is the symbol for something.  Like speech.  It is a set pattern of vibrating matter and it is set into a particular motion to create the desired effect.”
John felt like he was getting lost again but nodded.  He hoped he would catch up by just listening.  Zolar seemed to be repeating himself.
Zolar continued, “In the Big Bang theory they don't speculate too much on what caused it, but in the religious theory of creation; Satan caused it by being expelled from heaven.  He drew the angels to him, and was booted out.  It was the law of God—he disobeyed and out he went.  But God had no choice; there was no longer a status quo.  When he drew the angels to him that caused an imbalance.
“So now, compare it to the Big Bang.  What if in the Big Bang an electron joined with a neutron, then you get an imbalance and kappow, the explosion occurred.”
John shifted his hips around nervously on the hard rock.  His butt was becoming numb.
“Now in the Bang Theory—after the explosion occurred and as it cooled—neutrons and protons, began to interact and formed deuterium, the first element; and as it continued to cool more, the other elements were formed.  Each one gobbling up particles that were available and bonding to form the other elements.”
Zolar paused and inhaled deeply.  “Now, let's go back to the Christian theory.  Christ became a sacrifice for all humankind?”
John scratched his head, now where was he going with this?
Zolar saw the bewilderment on his face.  “That's what I said before; it is confusing and any incident can have more than one meaning.”  He paused and thought a moment.  “It's like perspective.  If I said, without turning your head, describe this room, what would you say?”
“It is round, with a pit in the center.  The walls are a pale stone of some sort, and there are two chairs made of a stone.  Oh, yes, and a door.”
“You're sitting in the chairs, face forward.  Can you actually see them?”
“No.”
“Or the wall behind you?”
John shook his head.
“Here's how I would describe it.  There are two stone-carved, granite chairs against a wall.  I don't see a pit and I don't see a door.”
John nodded.  “Okay, I comprehend perspective.”
“Well that's the way the universe is, you only see it from your own perspective.”
“How does Christ figure into this?” John asked.
“Christ's life is symbolic of the creation.”
“How is that?”
Zolar walked around to the other side of the pit and peered downward as if he were expecting something.  Then he walked back around and sat down in the chair again.
He sighed.  “Well, let's make some postulates and assume they are true.  Okay?”
John bobbed his head in agreement.
“Christ was the son of God, and yet the Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost, were all one.”
John nodded.  “That's pretty much what we were taught.  I'm not sure how it works but....”
“Now, wait a minute let me continue.” Zolar held up his hand.  “Christ died on the cross for man's sins.  He was the sacrificial lamb to take away the fact that man had sinned against God.  No matter what man does, unless man believes in Christ he could not be forgiven of his sins.  Can you accept this postulate?”
“Okay, I accept it,” John said.  “But you said it was the Judeo-Christian belief.  How do the Jewish teachings fit in?”
“I'll get to that.  Let's focus on Christ for a moment.  It's confusing but bear with me.  I'll have to jump around a little but I'll try to tie it all together.”
Zolar paused and watched John nodded his head without question.  He wondered if John was understanding any of it.  It was so strange to him; he could hardly believe his own ears as he heard the words come out of his mouth.  
Almost as if he weren't saying it but someone or something else.  Almost as if he was inspired by some unknown force.  But was it good or evil?
“I'm going to start with Christ's death.”  Zolar resumed pacing.  “He died on the cross, or should I say he was murdered on the cross, because he had said he was the Son of God.  But he knew it was going to happen.  He saw it.  Whether it was premonition or just common sense, I don't know.  But anyhow, he accepted it as being a sacrifice for man's sin.  He paid the debt for man sinning against God.  Because if he didn't die man's sins couldn't be forgiven.”
John shrugged his shoulders.
“After Christ died, the Holy Ghost—or Holy Spirit, whatever you want to call it—was released to the world.  People accepted the Holy Spirit into their life and now they call themselves Christians.  If Christ hadn't died the Holy Spirit would not have been released.  Remember the last supper?”
John nodded and said, “That was when Jesus passed out bread and wine to his disciples and said 'this is my body and this is my blood.'  It is symbolic for people accepting Christ and his teachings.”
“Right,” Zolar said.  “It is symbolic, but it's more than symbolic.  Christ died and the Holy Spirit came to man.  And man accepted him.  But it's more than symbolic.  The Last Supper is cannibalistic in totality.”
“What do you mean?  I can see it as symbolic cannibalism.  Kind of a gross thought but…?”  John shrugged.
“Let me take you back to the Big Bang theory for a moment.  The explosion occurred.”  Zolar cupped his hands together and then propelled them outward imitating an explosion.  “Boom!  Everything explodes out into the void–the nothingness–going to hell.  Suddenly, as it starts to separate, it or part of it, realizes it is broken into a zillion pieces.  It was condemned to nothingness by the very action that caused the explosion.  It was condemned by God himself.
“Now, it’s falling apart, and as it does, you have these building blocks of quark, and energies even smaller, you have for better words, protons, electrons, and neutrons spreading out.  All going to hell–into nothingness, not even space, was there.  These neutrinos, particles, begin to accept the vibration of the Bang, the blast, the sound, the word, the plan of God, to save what he had condemned.
Well, suddenly one of the particles realizes what is happening to them and therefore, gives itself; sacrifice’s itself to another particle, so that other particle would not perish.  That’s the way the elements were formed, Hydrogen, helium, and so on.  
“Look at it like this.  They join and formed matter.  It gave up its self.  If it hadn’t, no atoms would have formed and no elements.  They would have been cast totally to the void, totally to hell.  That particle realized it was going to no longer exist, but it–and if you don’t mind, I’ll use the word love–well it loved its lost particle, so it sacrificed itself and all came into existence.  Well, the Christ sacrifice is symbolic of all of this, but yet it’s more.”
 “Christ sacrificed himself for man, so mankind would not perish to hell someday at the judgment–remember the judgment already took place to start with―God judged Satan; he judged mankind and cast him out of the Garden of Eden.  It's the law!  God made the law and can't change it but he did send a sacrifice.  To intervene for life.  That sacrifice was…, Himself.  Christ came to teach man how to live, so man would be spared the pit of an everlasting hell, the abyss of nothingness.”
Zolar watched for John's reaction but John remained quiet.  When he didn't respond, Zolar continued as he again stared down into to the black pit.
“Remember what Christ cried out when he was on the cross.  'My God, my God, why has thou forsaken me?'  Compare that to the Big Bang.  The particles were sent out into the void.  God's Son was no longer in heaven.  He had been sent out to save mankind.  God had condemned Satan, mankind and the particles to hell.  It was God's law!  A scientific law!  It was force.  But then Christ said while dying on the cross, 'forgive them for they know not what they do.'  Do you realize what that means?
Zolar turned away as John stared blindly at the pit.
Whipping around Zolar began again.  “Now the sacrifice happened.  The Christ just didn’t offer up his being, but was murdered.  They were fed.  But it wasn't enough.  Some of the particles began taking other particles—not as a sacrifice—they killed the particles, and devoured them.  Cannibalistic.
“God had forsaken man and kicked him out.  Christ was killed by man and forgave those that did it.  They didn't know what they were doing.”
Zolar paused and waited.  This was so outrageous even to him; he felt his head began to hurt.
“How does this relate to the Jewish faith?”  John asked calmly although his heart was pounding.  He wasn't sure of any of this, and he wanted to change the subject.
That wasn't the question Zolar had expected and it took him a moment to regroup his thoughts and back track.
“Satan being kicked out of heaven is from the Hebrew.  Also the story of Adam and Eve is from the Hebrew.  Take Adam and Eve, it's symbolic again, they were in paradise, Satan tempted Eve with the fruit of knowledge of 'Good and Evil' so she would be like God; and she tempted Adam.  They were expelled from Eden.  It's analogous to the Big Bang.  Kicked out.  Condemned by God.  But it is Christ's life that is the only answer to a certain end and although a parable it is easier to understand.”
“What do you mean?”  John asked.
“Because he spoke in parables but the parables were symbolic―his whole life was a parable.  Think about it as analogous of the Big Bang.  I mean, the universe had a spiritual father and a material mother.  The action that creates the universe under the Big Bang was the separation from heaven.  The father was the action; and the mother grew the child and expelled it into the vast void.
“Well, Christ's Father was spiritual and his mother was material.  I know that's getting out on a tangent but there are many comparisons you can make.”
“How about the cannibalism?”  John asked.  “You said it wasn't just symbolic.”
“John, one of the laws of science is that something cannot come from nothing.  Energy and matter interact and change forms but they just don't appear and disappear.  We can neither create nor destroy, we only change it.  I mean, if you burn paper you didn't destroy it—it's still there in ashes and its energy released goes elsewhere—you just change its form.  All that exist came from something.  We assume it's the primal mass, or we say it came from something.  Some people say God created it.  Well, if God created it—what did he create it from?
“He created it from himself.  'This is my body and this is my blood.'”
Zolar walked closer.  “John, I know I'm sounding like a preacher but it's a revelation to me right now.  I now see a joining of science and religion.  Bear with me.  In the first Chapter of John, the first verse is the part that talks about 'the Word and the Word was God―well, in the third verse it states, 'All things were made by him, and without him was not anything made that was made.  All things!”
“If something can't come from nothing then God made it from something and what was that something?”
John stared at Zolar wide eyed.
“God created the universe out of his own body.  This is my body and this is my blood.  Something doesn't come from nothing.  Everything lives and exists off of something else, it binds.
“Thus the breaking of the bread and drinking of the wine.”
“What are you getting at?”  John asked.
“Everything that we feel, see, and touch is God? My body, my blood!  Why do you think God's name is so sacred—so holy?  All of matter—all life—all energy—all that exists, is God!  Why do you think God is so sacred?  If you were in the Donner Party and ended up eating your parents, wouldn't you think they were sacred?”
John's face paled as he came to accept Zolar's postulate.
“We are all God?”  John repeated unsure of his voice.
“Yes!”
“But Good and Evil?”
“All God!”  Zolar cried.  “Why do you think Christ ask the question, 'my God, why has thou forsaken me?'  Because man killed him and that man was God himself! 
“Why do you think Christ cried out even while in torment, 'forgive them for they know not what they do.' Because, they were killing God.  They were God, and they were literally killing themselves.
“God killed himself and set up a pattern that would bring himself back alive by sacrificing himself!  God committed suicide.”
Zolar paused and then began to speak slower as if his own mind were beginning to accept what he had heard himself say.
“The mass exploded.  It saw it was going to hell, and then it sacrificed part of itself so it would not cease to exist.”
John closed his eyes and placed his hands over them his elbows rested on his knees.  He felt as if he were going mad.  No wonder the mental hospitals were filled with people over the edge because of religion.
Zolar didn't stop.  “The wrathful God condemned them—it was the law; but then he gave his son to save them.  He destroyed himself, and couldn't forgive himself, so he gave his son—a part of him—and sacrificed that son, so they could be forgiven and would not perish to hell—to the void—but would come back alive in him.”
John shook his head in his hands.  He didn't want to hear anymore, but Zolar wasn't ready to quit.  John's mind was screaming, why do I have this burden?  His temples were throbbing.
“John, don't you see God died, went to hell, and then came back alive.  The universe exploded but part of it sacrificed itself so it might continue to exist.  Just like Jesus died, went to hell for three days, and then came back alive.  All like the Big Bang, it exploded, went to hell then came back alive!”
John began to fidget he felt he couldn't bear to hear anymore.  It was no wonder God was so sacred―God had died―not just God's son, but God himself.  He felt his nerve endings screaming in pain, his body shook.  What was he supposed to do with this knowledge? He didn't want to hear anymore.”
“Shut up!”  A vain in John's forehead protruded.  “I don't want to hear anymore!”
Zolar sat down in the stone chair beside John and patted his hand.  He understood how John was feeling.  He felt an overwhelming despair at the thoughts.  He wasn't sure of why, but he felt suicidal.  Had God committed suicide?  “I can't John.  It must be said.”
John was crying.  Sobbing aloud.  The horror—the hopelessness.
“God killed himself so we might live.  No wonder he is to be held so sacred.  The Good, the Evil, the Neutral, he created them all, for 'All things were made by him, and without him was not anything made that was made.'  All created from himself.  'This is my body, this is my blood.' That's why Christ wanted to gather his sheep.  Like the theory, that if there is enough matter in the universe then it will someday collapse but if there isn't it will go on, and on; and perhaps someday dissipate.  It will no longer be able to renew itself.  The energy will run out.  That's why God has changed his mind several times about destroying mankind.  Several times he has created a new covenant with man.  He is collecting his sheep, his particles, his very self.  Like the nursery rhyme of Humpty Dumpty.  'Humpty dumpty sat on a wall, humpty dumpty had a great fall and all of the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't put humpty dumpty together again.' 
“God had a great fall and is trying to put himself back together again.  When he gets enough of his energy and matter he will collapse; and that which isn't collected will be cast further into the infinite nothingness, the second death; and they will be condemned.  For without the energy and matter they lost it would surely be hell for all of eternity.”
“Shut the fuck up, I said!  I don't want to hear anymore.”  John sat stiffly erect in the chair, his hands balled into fists.
“I can't John.  I know how painful this is but that's why you're here.  I understand it now.  If you choose the Good, the universe will collapse back into itself.  If you choose the Evil, the world and all that we know will continue.  But the further it continues the harder it will be to someday come back together.  You're here to decide if you will lend your energy and mass to the Good that will end the world, or to the Evil that will continue it.”
Zolar became quiet.  His own mind was trying to adjust to the revelation.  John was leaning back in the chair his eyes closed, tears streaming down his cheeks.
As they sat there enveloped in the cool silence of the room the pit began to glow.  A pale blue, then brighter as a mist rose from the pit.  Then a green liquid rose into the chamber.  It pulsated and as it rose higher it grew brighter.  It began to flow over the edge of the pit, covering the floor it was covering their legs.  
John and Zolar stared at the liquid unmoving.  John silently prayed it would take him away.  He wanted nothing to do with any of this.
The pure, liquid light enveloped the room and covered their bodies.  They seemed to not need to breath.  They sat there as it rose without resisting.  After it had consumed their bodies it began to swirl, moving in a counter clockwise direction.  It flowed slowly, shifting and turning, its light changing as it became splashed with flashing aqua gems, minute prisms, emulating solar systems, shimmering out a cold and fragile light.  It was sparkling, it was dancing and then it shimmered out of sight and then there was nothingness.
Blackness.
They were cast out into the still and void.  No gravity, no sound, no air, no desire, no one else with them.
They were each alone.  No feeling, no sense of time.  Not even the sensation that they had a body.  Just a mass—existing.
They were truly alone.  Each one unaware of the others existence and yet were aware that they would remain like that forever, and ever, for all of eternity.


CHAPTER 55

As the room began to return, John felt himself gasping for air.  Zolar was doing the same.  Their lights were shining brightly.
After several moments of reorienting themselves John stood up and offered Zolar his hand.
“Let's get out of here.”
“I'm with you.”  Zolar said accepting John's hand.
They followed the directions Kumara had given them and were soon standing in the moat.  It always felt strange how the return trip seems shorter than when you first go somewhere but then they weren't wasting anytime.  They wanted out into the open.
Zolar was the first to speak after they had worked their way back onto the golf course.
“John, ever since Jackie and Bernie's center opened they seemed to be mentally linked.  Have you experienced that or anything like it?”  
“I've noticed how all of them seemed to be connected but I’m not mentally connected to them; although, I have had some experiences with other people.  After the second center opened, it was like a feeling, but I felt disgusted with sex and everyone.  I mean it seemed to be like they were dogs in rutting heat.  And I had other experiences with the Commander here on the base but I haven't had any telepathic experiences.  In the beginning when the centers opened I mostly felt disoriented.  I couldn't seem to think clearly, I was in a stupor after each center opened but this time I feel clear headed.  Strange.”
They began to walk toward the Ferry Boat terminal to catch the boat back to Manhattan.
“I wonder if I could contact Billy and see if he can pick us up on the other side.” Zolar suggested.
“We can take a taxi.”  John said.
“Okay, I guess I just wanted a reason to see if I have telepathic ability too.” Zolar shrugged.
John smiled.  “Go ahead, give it a try.”
“Thanks, that's all the encouragement I needed.” Zolar smiled back.
“Billy.”  Zolar thought.  “Can you hear me?”
Slowly in the depth of his mind Zolar felt the sound of Billy's voice.  It felt like a whisper shot rapidly across his mind.
“Yes,” Came the answer.
“Can you pick us up at the Ferry Boat Terminal?” He thought again.
“Twenty minutes, I'll be there,” Came the reply.
Zolar spoke.  “I think it worked.  I seemed to have got through, at least I think I heard or should I say I felt a response.”
“Good.”  John said.
When the Ferry Boat pulled into the Governors Island side of the terminal John and Zolar boarded.  It was almost one a.m.  And several cars drove off of the boat while they reloaded several more.
“Strange how so many people run around in this city at all hours.” Zolar commented.  “You would think they would be at home asleep.”
“It is strange.” John answered.  “But I guess we are not anybody to talk.  We're still up.”
“Yeah, you're right.”
They went up to the second deck and sat outside watching the Manhattan skyline looming massively on the opposite shore.  The Staten Island Ferry Boat sounded its horn as it departed its slip on the other side.  And almost as if the Coast Guard Ferry Boat was responding it sounded its horn as it departed Governors Island.
“I hope I never come back here.  “John thought to himself.
After several minutes of listening to the night sounds of New York harbor John spoke.
“What did you see?”
Zolar turned to John as they leaned over the railing the water below slapping at the hull of the boat.
“I think we went to hell.”
“So do I,” John agreed.  “There was nothing.  I existed but there was nothing else.  I didn't even have any memories.  I had no thoughts.  I just existed.  If it wasn't hell then it sure felt like hell.”
“I guess everyone has a different opinion of hell.  Some say fire and brimstone and some believe you just live over and over the most horrible experience in your life but total existence without anyone or anything, all alone.  That felt like hell.”
John nodded as they stood there staring out at the water, the Statute of Liberty standing tall in the distance.  They didn't talk anymore and when the boat landed they left the boat.  As they exited the terminal building there was Billy's truck.
“It worked.” Zolar said as they went over to greet Billy.  Zolar opened the truck door and let John climb in first.
“How's everything?” John asked as he felt Billy's uneasiness.
“John something has happen.” Billy said as he put the truck into gear, even before Zolar had completely closed the truck door.
“What's wrong?”  John asked.
“It's Rudy.  He's dead.” Billy said as he stepped down on the accelerator.
“What happen?”  John said watching Billy.
“We were all sitting around waiting for the center to open.  Everyone was there.  Jamal, Mindy, the preacher, everybody in Bernie's room and we talked about the centers and Rudy came—Michael had invited him.  Michael thought that since Rudy had experienced one of the openings he might be important.  Anyway, Michael invited him and we all sat around talking.  Well Michael told us how he thought we should all go to Roanoke tomorrow.  I mean, actually he called us earlier in the day and told us.  Well, it all made sense.  Michael has even scheduled reservations for all of us to go to Roanoke.  He invited Rudy and we were all just sitting around talking about what's been going on and trying to answer Rudy's questions.  It got quiet and we just sat there waiting for the center to open.  Then it opened and I guess you experienced what we did.  I mean, we compared notes and we were all stuck off alone, with nothing.  We knew nothing, felt nothing.  Just totally alone ― Then we came back and there was Rudy sitting in the arm chair dead.”
“What caused it?”  John asked.
“We don't know unless it's a heart attack or something.  We hadn’t examined the body yet.  We were going to look at him when I got the message from Zolar to come and pick you guys up.  I guess they're looking now.  Hopefully they will know what happen by the time we get back.”


CHAPTER 56

John and Zolar left Billy to park the truck while they headed for the hotel suite.  Upon entering they found the solemn faces sitting around staring at Rudy's body.  Every head turned to John as if he had all the answers.
“Billy told us.”  John said.
“We've examined him the best we could and it looks like he might have had a heart attack.” Michael explained his voice sounded as if he had a lump in it.
Jackie walked over and hugged Zolar and then John.  She said, “He must have had a weak heart and after that last opening it must have given out.”
“I suspect you're right.” Zolar said as he sat down on the floor.
Michael got up and offered John his seat.  “It scared me too.  The only thought I had was that I was going to be stuck there forever.  When the center closed he must have been so terrified by the experience his heart gave out.”
It was then that Billy joined them.  Upon entering he sat down crossed legged on the floor.  The group was quiet again.  It was Billy who broke this silence.
“Well what do we do now?”
“What do you mean?”  Zolar asked Billy.
“We've got to be in Roanoke and we've got a body on our hands.”
“I guess we should call the cops or something.” Jackie suggested.
Bernie shook his head.  “I don't think that's such a good idea.  I've dealt with New York's cops.  It'll take them a couple of hours to get here.  Then they will have us up the rest of the night asking questions.  I think we just have to get rid of the body.”
“We can't do that.” Jackie protested.  “It's not humane.”
“I agree but we can't just leave the body here and if we call the cops then they will probably tell us not to go anywhere until they do an autopsy.” Bernie said.
“I agree with Bernie.” Billy said.  “We've got to do something with the body.”
“Yeah,” Zolar nodded.  “I hate to do it to him to but I think it's necessary.  But let me ask you a question.  I don't know if you have thought about it but did his soul or his energy force return from being stuck out in what John and I have figured out was hell.”
Mindy thought to herself but did not speak.  “I hope he is.  I wanted to get the little bastard.  He should suffer for foiling my plans.”
Michael made a low groan.  “I never thought about it.  What if he's trapped out there in the void?” He shook his head, “Trapped for all eternity.”
“Yeah, but what can we do.”  John asked.
“I don't know, John.” Michael said.  “Is there possible anything we can do.  Through the joint bonding we brought Bernie back alive.”
They were all quiet for a moment.  It was Zolar who spoke.  “We can try.”
“What do we need to do?”  Michael said hopefully.
“I don't know.  Why don't we just form a circle and join hands and concentrate on finding him.”
The others quickly agreed.  They all moved to the floor and sat down joining hands.  Even Thomas made no protest but felt no compulsion to help them.  They all clasped hands and after several minute’s the room began to fade.  They were back in the void but this time they were not separated but were bound into an energy bond.  In the distance they sensed that Rudy was in fact there.  They tried to pass a thought communications to him in hopes that their energy could draw him to them.  They tried but failed.
As the room returned they let loose of each other's hands.
“I'm sorry.” Zolar spoke.  “I had hoped it would work.”
“He's trapped there for all of eternity, alone.” Michael murmured.  “It's my fault.  I shouldn't have brought him back for the opening.”
“Michael,” Morgan patted him on the shoulder, “you can't blame yourself for this.  All of these things which have happened so far are beyond our control.”  
“Morgan's right Michael, no one's to blame.” Jackie said as she hugged Michael.  She understood how Michael felt.  Nobody should have to spend eternity like that all alone with nothing, not even memories.
Around the room a great sadness was felt and tears flowed on several cheeks.  Mindy even managed to force her eyes to water.  Inside she felt vindicated.  If she couldn't have Rudy's life energy then nobody would.
“We've got a lot to do.” Billy broke the mood.  “If someone will help me with Rudy's body, I'll put it on the elevator.  That's where they found a body several days ago.  Maybe they will think he was electrocuted or something.  Two bodies on one elevator in less than a week….”
“I'll help you.” Michael volunteered.  “Billy's right.  We've got a big day ahead of us and we need to get some rest before we head out to the airport.”
“I can take all of the luggage in my truck and two passengers.” Billy offered.  “I'll leave my truck in long term parking.”
“Everybody turn in, Billy and I will handle this.” Michael said.
“Zolar and I will be look out, so nobody sees you put him on the elevator.” Bernie said.
Morgan and John left together followed shortly by Mindy and Jamal.
“Mind if I sleep here?” Jackie asked as her body shuttered at the thought of sleeping alone.  All alone like poor Rudy.
“Go ahead.” Bernie answered.  “Where ever you want.  This won't take us long.”
“I'll go to my room.”  Thomas said.
“No.” Michael said.  “Wait here until we're finished.  Then you will sleep in my room.”  
“I've got some packing to do.”  Thomas protested.
“I'll help you pack and then we'll go to my room.  I'm not letting you out of my sight.” Michael barked.
Thomas shrugged and leaned back in the chair defeated.  Bernie and Zolar went out first and shortly Zolar returned.
“We've got the elevator up here.  All's clear.  Bernie's holding the door.”
Michael and Billy carried Rudy's limp body out and Zolar followed behind them.
“Jackie,” Thomas said, “I know you can't help being involved in all of this but don't you see how evil it is.  We've already condemned someone to hell.”
“Thomas I know you mean well but there's a lot more going on than just the Anti-Christ.  I know that's what you believe John is, and he very well may be, but I've already experienced the center opening.” She shook her head.  What could she say to Thomas to make him understand? “I'm afraid I can't quote scriptures to you but let me say John is not hate.  He doesn't have an evil bone in his body and I think you realize this.”
“He's not what I expected but I do know the powers we are dealing with are not natural.”
“No they aren't natural.” Jackie agreed.  “That's what makes John so special.”
“The Bible tells us that in the end of times there will be people proclaiming to be Christ returning.  It's all be prophesied”
“But John hasn't made any of these claims.  Don't you see, like Jesus himself he learned with each day what was happening to him?  Let me ask you something.  What action has John done to deliberately hurt anyone? He was instrumental in bringing Jamal back alive.  He saved Azid when the car hit him.  How can anyone that's done these things be the Anti-Christ?”
“The Bible says these false Messiahs will do wonders and that man will be fooled.”
“Okay.” Jackie was becoming angry.  “You tried to stop him.  You deliberately and with malice killed Bernie.  Don't you realize you broke one of God's commandments? You killed and not just killed, you viciously cut his heart out.  If anyone's the Anti-Christ it's you.  If it hadn't been for John and the center opening Bernie would be dead.  You, you self-righteous pompous ass, are a murderer.”  
She was right.  Thomas told himself, he was a murder.
Jackie's voice was trembling from anger.  Never in her entire life had she experienced such wrath.
“And if you do anything to hurt John, I will personally send you to the fate that Rudy who was undeserving got.” She stood up in front of Thomas and shook her finger at him.  “I can do it to.” Her face was red and a low growl formed in the back of her throat and erupted as a piercing screech.  The lamp on the table exploded at the vibration of her voice.  Splinters of glass spread out throughout the room.  The lamp shade and the internal metal frame collapsed.
Thomas's eyes froze in horror.  When the glass exploded Jackie was shocked.  She was so surprised by the explosion she quickly calmed down.
She heard the other's returning but before the door opened she said to Thomas.  “Let that be a warning.”
When the guys entered they surveyed the shattered lamp.  Bernie was the last one in and shut the door behind him.
“What's going on in here? What happen?” Bernie said looking accusingly at Thomas.  Bernie clinched his fists.  The other three men looked at Thomas and awaited his answer.
“Back off guys.” Jackie said.  “I did it.  I sort of got angry.”
“Sort of got angry? Remind me not to get you completely angry.” Billy said.
“I don't know what happen but we were talking and I threaten Thomas.  I was so angry and then the lamp just exploded.”
“It's these centers.” Michael said.  “Remember we have abilities.  We have to learn to control them.”
“I didn't realize they could be used on demand.” Jackie said offering an excuse.  “I thought that when they were needed they just happened.  I guess I'm going to have to be careful.”
“All of the centers have to be careful.” Michael said.  “I've used mine several times; a couple of times when I shouldn't have but I'm learning to control it.  I guess we should have talked about this before.”  
“I haven't used anything but telepathy.”  Bernie said.  
“Me either, but I'm glad to have got the warning.”
“What was going on that made you so angry?” Billy asked Jackie.
“We were talking and I reminded Thomas what he had done to Bernie and I'm afraid I threaten to send him to the same place that Rudy is stuck, if he did anything at all to try to hurt John.  And that's when the lamp exploded.”  
“Do you realize what has happened?”  Zolar asked.
“No.” Jackie said as she looked at Bernie her eyes opened wide as if to ask Bernie if he knew what Zolar meant.
“We, all of the centers, have these powers.  What if one of us was the cause of Rudy being stuck where he is?” Zolar responded.
“Wait a minute.” Bernie interrupted as he flopped down in a chair.  “Supposing we did have that power and I'm not sure yet if we do, but suppose we do have the power, why would one of us do that to Rudy? He was gay but he was likeable enough.”  
Jackie, Michael and Zolar sat down.  They sat there thinking about what Zolar had said.
Finally Jackie spoke up.  “Zolar, he was coming on to you but I don't think it made you mad enough to do that to him.”
Zolar shook his head.  “I didn't do it.  If anything I was the one that come on to him.  I used him to find Bernie.”
“Michael you seemed pretty close to Rudy.  You even spent a night with him.” Bernie suggested.
“Hey, I liked the guy.  I know I abused him and used him but if you think I would have hurt him in anyway like that you're mistaken.  How about the preacher there his religion teaches that homo's will burn in hell.”
They all turned to look at Thomas.
“No, it couldn't have been him.” Michael defended him in his next breath.  “I'm wrong about that.  Even if Lamb would do something like that, since his center hasn't opened yet, he wouldn't have the power to do it.”
“How about one of the others?”  Billy asked.
“But why would any of them have a reason to do something like that?” Michael said.
“At least we know it wasn't Billy or Morgan.” Jackie said.  “They don't have the power and I don't think John has the power to do it by himself.  If he did, it would be by using one of us.  That's seems to be the only way he has any power.  So far anyway.  After Thomas's center opens I'm not so sure, but as of now I don't think he can do it.”  
“Mindy either.  She's not part of this.  She was drug in by Jamal.” Bernie said.  “So that just leaves the rest of us.”
“Mindy's nice but she's too nice.” Billy interjected.  “I've never trusted anyone that always seems to be smiling.  They're the type who ends up stabbing you in the back.”
Michael shook his head in agreement.  “There is something about her I just can't seem to put my finger on, but there's something that's not quite right.”
“I think we're letting our imagination run away with us.” Bernie said.  “She hasn't done anything.  Just listen to us.  We're sitting around accusing each other.  We need to be sticking together now of all times.  We've got a big day ahead of us.”
“You're probably right.” Michael agreed.  “But it was strange the night Azid was killed she just happen to go out for a walk to get some cigarettes and Jamal had Azid follow her.” He paused and stood up.  “Azid was never seen alive after that.”
“But how could she have done it.  Azid was a big man.  Most men couldn't have overpowered him enough to have done what was done to him.” Bernie protested.
“Well I don't know.” Michael said.  “Come on Thomas, it's time we get some shut eye.  Good night everybody.”
Thomas nodded his good bye and followed Michael.
“I think it's time for all of us to get some sleep.” Billy said.  “I'll see you in the morning.  Jackie are you sleeping here?”  
“Yeah, Bernie and Zolar are very comforting to sleep between.  You can join us if you want to.” Jackie offered.
Billy grinned as he saw Bernie scowl.  “I don't think Bernie likes that idea.  I'll go on back to my room.”
“You can stay if you want to.” Bernie said begrudgingly.  “Jackie won't be alone with me or Zolar.  Wait a minute did she spend the night alone with you?” He asked Billy.
“Sure did.  Oh, and by the way she didn't mind that I sleep in the buff.”
“What!” Bernie huffed.  “What's the matter Jackie am I too old for you?”
“Billy tell Bernie, we just slept!” Jackie gritted her teeth.
“Oh, okay.  Bernie, Jackie and I just slept together.” Billy said and raised his eye brows and smiled wickedly.  
“Billy!”  Jackie warned.  “I'll break another lamp.”
“All right, don't get your jets in an uproar.  Bernie, we really just slept together, nothing else.” Then he added, “But I do sleep in the raw and if she took advantage of me while I was asleep, well, I just have no idea.”
“Good night Billy.”  Jackie barked.
“Good night, ya’ll.”  Billy said and left.
“Are you guys finished playing?” Zolar asked.  “I'm tired.  I had a busier day than you did and I'm ready for some sleep too.”
“Okay.”  Bernie said.
Jackie had finished in the bathroom and was in the middle of the king size bed.  She had removed her clothes and laid them on the chair so Bernie and Zolar both could see them.  The sheets felt cool against her bare body and she smiled at the thought of teasing Bernie.  She had thought about it and had decided that if she ever had sex with any of three it would probably be Bernie.  But not tonight, I'm just going to tease him tonight.
Bernie finished before Zolar and was the first one to come into the bedroom.  The suite had two bathrooms and Jackie had used one while the guys had to share the other.
Jackie smiled at Bernie when he spied her clothes.  “Well maybe Billy boy taught you something worthwhile after all.  But I'll teach you the rest.” He had put his clothes back on after his short shower because he figured Jackie would want them to sleep in their clothes again.  He hadn't really believed Billy when he said he slept without his clothes.  As he started to remove his clothes Zolar walked in.
“Am I interrupting anything?” Zolar asked as Bernie stood there in his underwear.
Slowly he slipped his underwear down and stood there for Jackie to inspect fully.  Neither Jackie nor Bernie responded to Zolar.  Zolar watched as Bernie pulled back the cover exposing Jackie's lovely luscious body fully exposed to both men's eyes.
Zolar sighed audibly, smiled in defeat turned the light off and left the room pulling the door closed behind him.
“Zolar!”  He heard Jackie shout.
He opened the door and flipped the light back on.
“What?”  He said.
“Aren't you coming to bed?”  She asked.
“I don't believe in three-somes.”  Zolar answered.
“We're not going to have sex.  Just nice warm bodies all snuggled together.”
“I don't think I can stand this anymore.” Bernie growled.  “I've got a boner so hard I'm about ready to explode.”
“Well if you don't want to sleep with us you can just go get in the other bed.” Jackie ordered.
“Oh, come on Jackie.”  Bernie pleaded.
“No!” She snapped back.  “Come on Zolar slip out of your clothes and get in bed.”  
Bernie didn't move, he just laid there frustrated.  
Zolar snapped the light out and headed toward the bed.
“Would you leave the light on, after tonight I don't want to wake up in the dark?” Jackie asked.
He snapped the light back on and went over to the other side of the bed.  He removed all of his clothes and like Bernie paused as she inspected his body.  He slipped beneath the covers beside her.  He too, found himself becoming aroused.
Jackie pulled Zolar up against her and kissed him.  Her body was soft and warm against him.  She then rolled over and did the same to Bernie.  Bernie tried to extend the kiss by forcing his tongue in her mouth but she pressed her lips tight to keep out his intrusion.  She then rolled over and laid on her back.
“Jackie,” Bernie grumbled, “Aren't you afraid we might rape you.  This is inhumanly painful.”
“No, I'm not worried Bernie.  I trust you.”
Bernie and Zolar both turned their back to her.  After time eased their pain, and exhaustion of the day deflated their lust, all of them drifted off to sleep.


CHAPTER 57

They all arose early and everyone was busy getting ready to depart for Roanoke.  It was raining again so Billy didn't take any of their bags in his truck.  Fortunately Michael, as usual, was prepared and had ordered a van to pick them up and take them to La Guardia Airport.  It took them a while to check out of the hotel.  The replacement clerk wasn't as efficient as Rudy had been.  The police had been to the hotel earlier after someone had discovered Rudy's body.  Everyone checking out of the hotel had been required to fill out a questionnaire asking them if they had seen anything unusual the night before.  They were also required to leave a forwarding address in case the police needed to question them.
Everything went smooth and they waited for their direct flight to leave.  Michael rode with Billy and made Thomas travel with them just in case he decided to give them any problems.  Bernie and Zolar made sure that all of the bags were checked in and the rest of them waited at the gate for the plane to leave.  Typical of La Guardia their flight was delayed about thirty minutes but they were in the air en route to the Star City of the South by ten thirty.
As their plane touched down the pilot announced the present temperature was a mild eighty degrees with clear skies.
“It's good to be back home again.” Billy said as he inhaled deeply the pure clean air as he departed the plane.
“It surely is.” Jackie agreed looking up at the soft magenta blue sky touched only by faint wisps of clouds moving gently.  She smiled as the fragrance of flowers and rich soil teased at her sense of smell.  Not a trace of rotting garbage in the air, she thought.
“It's hard to believe we were all born here.” Bernie said.  “I've never been here before, except being born here, that is.  It truly is beautiful.”
Michael had reserved rooms for them at the Hotel Roanoke and had rented a van for their transportation.  They loaded into the van and watched the quaint scenery as they traversed the roads which meandered across the city.
Billy as usual had become the designated driver.  “The only bad thing about Roanoke is the roads.  I think who ever designed the roads in Roanoke must have been drunk at the time.”
“They are pretty confusing.” Zolar agreed sitting in the shot gun seat.  “I think they tried to build over existing roads and back then it wasn't easy to move a mountain so they just went around them.  I grew up in Salem, right next door but I haven't been back in over three years.  I hope I get a chance to see my parents.”
“Me too.” Morgan said.  “My folks are in Dublin, that's in Pulaski County.  None of you ever ask me where I grew up.  But you're right about this area it's like entering a garden of paradise.  You know as a Flight Attendant, I've been all over the world, but I think the Southwest part of Virginia is the most beautiful place I've ever seen.  Of course I may be just a little biased.”
“Have you ever been to the Smoky Mountains?” Mindy asked.
“No.”  Morgan shook her head.  “But I hear it is nice.”
“Nice? It is truly lovely.  The trees, oak, pine, cedars, the peacefulness and the contour of the land is heavenly.” Mindy said.  “Jamal you told me you were born here but where did you grown up?”
“I was born here, like the rest of the centers but I grew up in Lynchburg.  You know it looks like people are getting along better than I use to remember.” Jamal said as they pulled up to a red light and stopped.  He stared out the window watching people walking slowly and peacefully along the streets.  None of them were rushing around as if the world would end if they weren't on time for something or other.  He smiled slightly as he noticed several black men nod and greet a white man they met.  He turned around to watch them as they pulled away from the light and was surprised at how openly friendly they were toward one another.  It's certainly not New York, he thought, had it always been like this?  No, he told himself, they use to practice segregation.  Separate water fountains, restrooms, schools and even the amusement park in Salem, what was it called?  Lakeside, that was it, even Lakeside had not allowed the Afro Americans in.  They had one day a year they called colored day.  They had to sit in the balcony of the theaters but now at least on the surface it didn't look like those restrictions were still true.  He wondered.
They pulled up in front of the Hotel Roanoke and unloaded the luggage.  Michael had arranged for each of them to have their own rooms.  Even Jamal and Mindy had separate accommodations.  Michael figured it was safer for them to have their own rooms available and if they wanted to sleep together it was up to them.  He had booked reservations for three days although he wasn’t sure how long they would actually need the rooms.
“Everybody, get settled into your room and then meet back in the restaurant in about thirty minutes.” Michael directed.
They all agreed and went off in search of their rooms.  They didn't waste time unpacking and were all back down to the restaurant as soon as possible.  They knew they had a busy day ahead of them and none of them wanted to be left out in fear they would miss something important.
As they entered the restaurant Billy was waiting and directed them to a private room where they would eat lunch and discuss their plans.  Michael was the last one down.  Billy greeted him and they both joined the others already seated.  Food had been ordered and was already being served.  All southern cooking, from breaded okra, country gravy, southern fried chicken, and homemade buttermilk biscuits spread out over the table.  Their mouths were watering at the intoxicating smell bring flashes of their childhood memories to mind.  Knives and forks were busy cutting butter and dipping jams and jellies.  They were busy reminiscing about their mother's cooking, or their grandmother's cooking.  The joyful energy in the room was contagious and each one seemed happy to be back home.
The Reverend Thomas Lamb had been escorted by Billy to the room earlier.  Michael had asked Billy if he would stay close to the preacher and if he tried to leave, to deck him.  Michael hadn't heard from his detective and had called to see if he had found out anything about the deceased girl.  Clarets' secretary had told Michael that he had gone out to try and contact the girl’s relatives and that he had promised to call her soon as he found out more details.  She said, she had been told to wait at the office until he called and that if Michael would call her later she would hopefully have the information.  She promised that she would call the hotel if she found out anything earlier and that she would be there until she heard something.  “Even if I have to sleep here.” She had said it as if she were repeating a direct order.  Michael smiled to himself; well at least they are trying.  He told her that if she hadn't heard from Clarets by eleven she could close shop.  She had thanked him and expressed her apologies for not have the information he wanted.  She had realized how important a client Michael had been over the years and she made him feel important, not just the fact he had money but he was special.  Then again, being from the south, she probably made all clients feel important.  Southern hospitality, he thought.
“I've found the location of the old hospital.” Michael began before sitting down and loud enough to get their attention.  “Like everyone else here, I'm feeling a little queasy about all of this but if someone would volunteer to go with me, I think we should inspect the sight before we just show up there.”
“I will.”  Billy volunteered.
“Thanks Billy, I figured you would.  You have always been dependable.” Michael said graciously.
“He truly has.”  John complemented.
“Hey,” Billy protested, “don't talk about me in the past tense.”
“I'm sorry.  You truly are.  Is that better?” John rectified.
“Thanks boss.”
Michael continued.  “We will go down there this afternoon and check it out.  It's within fifteen minutes walking distance from here, so I want you all to do what every you want this afternoon but I want everybody down in front of the hotel by nine o'clock sharp.  At five minutes after we leave with or without you.  Reverend, I want you to stay with me the rest of the day.  If you have any objections, you might as well forget it, because I will tell you now, if you cause any problems, I'll shoot you full of drugs and drag you, and I have the drugs that will make you listen and obey.  They won't knock you out.  Do you understand?”
“I understand.  At this point I don't think it would do any good to protest.  I'm just placing my faith in the Lord.” Thomas looked directly at Michael in defiance.
“Very well.” Michael nodded.  “Now is there anything else anyone wants to bring up, now's the time to do it.”
“I want to call my father.” Zolar said.  “I think there's more going on than he has told me.”
“Me too.” Morgan looked around at the others.  “My parents prepared me for all of this and since experiencing it, I don't think they told me everything.  I think they know a lot more than they let on.  For one, I want to know why all of you just happened to have been born in the same hospital, on the same day.”
“That's a good idea.” John said glancing from Morgan and then to Zolar.  “The more we know the better off we are.  Uh, Zolar, before everyone goes their own way for the afternoon I wonder if you would stay and chat with me for a few minutes.  You too Billy.”
“Sure.” Zolar nodded, knowing John wanted to discuss the revelation they had talked about in the chamber last night.  The others hadn't been privy of the information.  When John found out none of them had indicated they knew anything about the creation theory, he pulled Zolar aside and ask him not to bring it up, yet.  Zolar wouldn't have mentioned it anyway, it was just too bizarre.  He wondered what John wanted to say.
Everyone ate heartily, knowing they may need the extra fuel for the evening.  Most of them had finished eating and were leaning back in their chairs relaxing.  Mindy sat smoking on a cigarette, and John asked them for their attention.
“Could I have your attention please?” All heads turned towards him in expectation.  “As you know within the past short week we have undergone a great transformation in our lives.  We didn't know each other but were bound by something mysterious to us all.  We have laughed, we have been frightened and we have cried at the loss of two people.  I want us to remember Azid and Rudy.  Azid was a friend to Jamal who attempted to kill me out of love for his friend who he thought was in danger.” John turned to Jamal.  “Jamal, I don't hold any ill will toward him.  He loved you and true friendship is one of the few real values in life.”
Jamal nodded at John.  Tears formed in his eyes as he fought to keep them from flowing down his cheek.  He swallowed to relive the painful lump in his throat.
“And Rudy, whose death and present state of existence in the eternal void, I personally feel responsible.” The group began to murmur that he wasn't to blame but John squelched them.  “If I had not been chosen to have these things happen to me then Rudy would not have been condemned.  We don't know what caused him to be stuck there but he touched each one of our lives if only briefly and I hope that we will hold his memory in reverend respect.”
John sighed audible and looked around the table at their faces.  Faces which had become familiar to him.  “Last night, Zolar and I had two revelations.  One was the one that you experienced.  One of being condemned to eternal loneliness but the other was an intellectual awakening in which you did not share.  At this time I am not ready to share it with you but I want you to know tonight we don't know what will happen.  I have my suspicions and I believe Zolar would probably agree with me but tomorrow I may no longer be with you.”
They turned to each other asking what he meant.  It was Billy who finally silenced them.
“Be quiet!” He shouted.  “John what are you saying? What went on last night?”
“I won't tell you what went on last night.  I'm sure that you will find out tonight but it is my belief this is my last day.”
“No,” was the protest as they again started speaking all at the same time.
John raised his hand.  “Listen, my friends, you are all very special to me.  I have had a good life.  You taught me more than just what the opening centers brought.  You have taught me to laugh, to cry, to love and to enjoy life.” He squeezed Morgan's hand.  Tears were flowing down her cheek.
“I guess you could call this our last supper.” John continued.  “Tonight I will have to make a decision and that decision, no matter what it is, will affect each of you.  I just want you to know no matter what happens I love you all.”
They all stood and awaited him.  He went to each of them and hugged them and whispered in their ear.  None of the others heard what he said, except when he hugged them and gave them his whispered message.
“Billy, you are my most beloved friend.  You taught me to live.” John said hugging Billy.  Billy held on to John his tears damping John's hair.
“Morgan, you are my lover.  You have taught me the passion in my soul.”
“Jackie, you taught me strength.”
“Bernie, you taught me warmth.”
“Zolar, you have opened my eyes to all which is around me.  “
”Jamal you have taught me to forgive.”
“Michael, my oldest friend, we shared so much when we were young.  You have taught me the constancy of being a kind and truly good person.”
As John stood before the Reverend he offered him his hand.  Thomas stared down at the offering and said loud enough for the others to hear.  “If you are making a mockery of the Lord's Last Supper you have a lot to learn.  My Lord had twelve disciples and you have only nine.  You are three short.  If you had Rudy and Azid you would only then have eleven, you are still one short but then again my friend Becky could have been your twelfth.  But you do not have them and if you are accusing me of being your Judas then I pray to God, he allows it to be so.  For I would be honored to be traitor to you but there is no one for me to betray you to.  In the beginning, I believed you to be the Anti-Christ, now I have come to doubt this; I do not know what you are.  I have seen you and the others heal and even raise the dead.  I have not seen you deliberately hurt anyone.  I will not judge you for only the Lord God has the right to judge.”
Thomas clasped John's offered hand and held it.  John leaned to him.  “Thomas, I have not chosen this burden as I am sure you did not, but you have taught me dedication.” John then turned to Mindy and embraced her.  “Mindy, although I do not know you very well, you have taught me to be still, listen and wait.  You are patient.  I don't know why I tell you this but in this world there is good, evil and indifference.  All of these are equal.  Where do you stand?”  He did not wait for an answer to his rhetorical question he turned and walked away.
“What is he saying to me?” Mindy thought, she let her eyes water enough for the others to see that she was sharing their sadness.  “Does he know I am after his power? Impossible! I have done nothing to make him suspect me.  It must be my imagination.”
John went back to his seat and sat back down.  Each one followed his example, all wondering what was happening.  Did John know he was going to die? Was that what this was about? They sat quietly waiting for him to speak.
“I am sorry to have brought you all down but I wanted the opportunity to say goodbye in case I am not with you tomorrow.  “John told himself he hoped that they would be here, even if he wasn't.  Perhaps the Reverend Lamb was correct when he called him the Anti-Christ.  His decision tonight would determine if any of them were here.  The burden of having to choose.  If he were able to choose now, he knew even if he died, and he felt sure he was going to, he would chose for the world to continue.  But how could he make that chose if all of them would someday end up like Rudy cast off into an eternal damnation of loneliness.  For if he chose for it to continue that could be the scenario.  If that was the case then he would have no alternative but to end it all so the universe would collapse back into itself.
“Let's call it an afternoon.” John concluded.  “I want to remind you Michael wants us down front at nine o'clock.”
As the group broke up, Zolar and Billy remained behind as John had requested.
“Thanks guys for waiting around.” John began.  “Sorry I had to lay such a bummer on everyone.” He shrugged his shoulders.  
“I understand.” Zolar said in hopes to soothe some of the anguish he felt John must be feeling.
“What I wanted to say is about tonight.  Zolar, I've been thinking about what you and I saw last night.  I think only the eight of us should be present.  Billy, it's like this, Zolar and I, found a chamber underneath Governors Island and on its wall someone has drawn a picture of a red star and a figure in white lying on what looked like an altar.  Around the altar were seven people.  I don't think Mindy, and Michael should be present.  Zolar, I was wondering if you agree with me?”
“Yeah, I do.  I was wondering about how to bring it up.  I'm glad you did but how are we going to tell Mindy and especially Michael they shouldn't be there? After all Michael was the original center.”
“That is the problem.  I don't think Mindy will care but I really think Michael is going to protest.  I've known Michael most of my adult life and he doesn't know how to take no for an answer.  Somehow we have to convince him it's for his own good.”
Billy sat there for a moment.  “John give us a while to think about this.  I'll be going with Michael and the Preacher down to inspect the area.  We don't know what we will find.  For all we know there could be a factory on the land now.  Let us look and then I will report back to you.”
John nodded his head in agreement.  “That sounds reasonable.  We will find the lay out of the land and then we will make a decision.  I was thinking, well, Michael threatened to drug Thomas, if we could get hold of those drugs―we might just have to drug Michael.  I hate to do it but if he's unreasonable we may be forced to do it.  I really don't think Mindy will be a problem but she's pretty attached to Jamal and she might figure that she has to tag along with him.  We might have to drug her too, but if we do then we're forced to contend with Jamal.”
“Let's find out the lay out first.” Billy suggested.  “There may not be room but for the eight of us.”
“Okay,” John said.  “Billy you had better go ahead and find Michael and scope it out.”
“Got you Boss,” He stood.  “Where will you be when we get back?”
“I'll be in my room.”
“See you in a while.” Billy waived at them as he departed.
“Well Zolar, what do you think?”  John asked.
Zolar understood what John was asking.  “I'm glad you didn't tell them about the decision you will have to make.  I think they would probably be frightened.  I know it scares the hell out of me.”
“Me too,” John shrugged his shoulders and rolled his neck to relieve some of the tension.  
“John, don't think about it.  You will do whatever you have to.” Zolar spread his hands in the air.  “If you decide it's time for us all to come back together, then so be it.  If you decide for it to continue, well, that's just the way it will be.”
“What if I make the wrong choice?” John said the uncertainty was reflected in his eyes.
“John, I know it probably the hardest decision anyone has ever had to make but you have to have faith in yourself.  You have been given an example of what can happen.  Think about Rudy.  He is locked away for all of eternity to suffer the miserable existence of aloneness.  He is but a part of the whole.  You have a lot to take into consideration.”
“Do you think if I choose collapse the entire universe will collapse or just our solar system?” John asked running his hand through his hair.
“Truthfully, I think it will be the whole universe.  The universe is several billion years old and I'm willing to bet that it's time.  All through the ages most of the religious teachings have pointed to the judgment day, when man would be taken to heaven or cast to eternal damnation.  And the one's that didn't teach damnation taught that the kingdom of heaven was within.”
John shivered even though it was warm in the room.  “That's what I was afraid of, and for some reason I think even though it took the universe a long time to expand the collapse will be almost instantaneous.”
“I agree with you.” Zolar nodded.  “With the collapse all of the known laws of the expanding universe cancelled and replaced by the opposite; where time was once radiation and that's the part which will be lost.  The ones that are moving out of sync with the rest, those will be lost to the same fate as Rudy… lost in the nothingness.”
John groaned and stood up.  “Thanks Zolar, I appreciate your complete cantor.  I'm going to go to my room now and rest.”
“John,” Zolar called to him before he left the room.  “If a man was traveling down a road and ahead of him the bridge was out, you would do everything in your power to get him to stop.  Just remember, whatever decision you have to make you won't be able to make it until you know all of the facts.  Don't worry about this.  Tonight you will have all of the facts.  It's no use to worry about it until then.  When you have the facts then you can decide.  Hey, for all you know the bridge ahead of us may still be there but whatever it is you will know tonight.  So there's no use to spend this time agonizing over it.  Get out and enjoy what's out there.” Zolar shook his head and added gravely.  “It might not be there tomorrow.  There might even not be a tomorrow.”
“Thanks Zolar.” John turned and headed for the front door.  He would go out for a walk.  He had planned to spend the rest of the day brooding about the great burden he had but Zolar was right.  It might not be there tomorrow.
“One more thing,” Zolar called.  “While Michael's gone I'll see if I can get into his room and find the drugs just in case we need them.”
John nodded and walked out the front of the hotel.  The Star on the mountain was the first thing to catch his eye.  It was so huge and painted white.  He wondered if it would be lit in white or red tonight.  If the drawing in the chamber was correct it would be in red.
He was glad he had listened to Zolar and went out for a walk.  The traffic seemed light compared to where he lived in Florida and practically nonexistent when compared to New York.  Even though the temperature was in the low 80's he felt a clean refreshing breeze brushing his face.  As he walked along he could tell that the city, like most cities, was feeling the urban decay.  He walked along taking random streets.  He was going nowhere particular and tried to focus on the splendor of his surroundings.  He stopped to watch several kids playing in a park.  One child in particular caught his attention.  She was sitting in a swing trying to push herself into motion but was unable to move past a gentle sway.  She appeared to be about four or five years old and John wondered where her parents were.  After several minutes she became frustrated with her failed attempts and tried to get one of the other children to push her.  Most of the other children were a little older and John could tell from watching them they had refused assistance.  One older girl had given the younger child a shove which almost knocked her down.
Finally the young girl must have decided to give up and left the park.  As she walked out she passed John but did not seem to notice him watching her.
Even though the traffic was light it was still enough that a young child should not be attempting to cross the road alone.  There were no traffic lights near and the child must have decided to cross the road in the middle of the block.  She stopped and peeked out from around a park car.  John saw her muscles tense as she readied herself to run across the road.
John reached down and caught the back of her collar just as an old Chevrolet, driven by some teenagers rushed around the corner.  As he held her, the car sped by traveling at least thirty miles faster than the posted 25 mile per hour limit.
John felt the girl's body stiffen as she stood less than six inches from the side of the car.  After the car passed, her body became limp and John thought she was going to faint.  She turned around to see who saved her.  Little brown eyes and a turned up nose peered up at him.  She pushed her hand through her hair which hadn't been washed or brushed in days and moved it out of her eyes.
“Thank you, Mister.” Her faint melodious voice trembled with the thick Roanoke accent.
“Are you okay?”  John asked gently.
“I, I think so.  It just scared me.  I almost got killed didn't I?” Her eyes widened at her own revelation.  
“You might have been.  You should be more careful.”
“I looked both ways.  I don't know where that car came from?” Her eyes widened and she smiled brightly.  “You saved my life.  My mommy said Jesus saved lives.  Are you Jesus?”
John was flabbergasted by her question.  So much had happen to him the last week he suddenly wondered why this incident had happen.  The word coincidence had been dropped from his vocabulary.
“No honey, I'm not Jesus.”  John answered.
“Well if you were you might not tell me.” She said smiling up at him.  “I was so scared.”
“Well you're okay now.” John smiled and nodded.  “Where's your mamma?”
“I don't know.  They just went to the store one day and never came back.” She said.
“Who takes care of you?”
“I take care of myself.” She boasted proud of herself.  Her little chest puffed out in pride.
“But you're too young to be alone.  You must live with someone?” John quizzed.
“I did live in my house and then some policemen came and I hid behind the house.  They put a bunch of papers on the front door and did something to the locks and I couldn't get back in.”
“Honey you should have gone to a policemen.”
“Nuh-uh, they'd put me in an orphanage and treat me mean.”
“I don't think they would.  They would probably find a nice family for you to live with until they find your mommy and daddy.”
“I never really had no daddy.  It was mama's boyfriend.”
“What's your same?”
“Sally Ann.  What's yours?” She smiled and twisted back and forth.
“John.  How long's your mommy been gone?”
“A long time.  More days than I have fingers and toes.”
“Aren't you hungry? How do you get anything to eat?” John asked when he realized the child's mother had been gone for more than twenty days.
“There's a hamburger place over there,” She pointed.  “And they're always throwing away all kinds of stuff.  I just go after dark so they don't run me off or call the policemen.”
“But where do you sleep?” John asked as he surveyed her, noting that she looked like she hadn't washed in a long time.
“Where ever I can.  Sometimes I sleep here in the park but there's a lot of bad people that come around here at night.  Most of the time I sleep in a cave down that road there.” She pointed a grimy finger.
“You can't go on living like this.  We have to call the authorities.” John said.
“No.”  She said and started to run.
John reached out and grabbed her shoulder.  She stopped and turned to look up at him.
“Please, Mister John, please don't call them.  If my mama comes back she won't be able to find me.”
“You can't go on living like this.  What will you do when it gets cold?”
“I can take care of myself.”  She protested.
“Well at least let me get you something to eat.” John suggested and watched her eyes get big.  He realized she must be a hungrier than she had been acting.  She swallowed at the mention of food and John realized her mouth must be watering.
“I'm okay, Mister John.” She said in spite of the hungry look on her face.
“I won't call the policemen, I promise.” John released his grip on her shoulder.
“Okay, Mister John.”  She answered hesitantly.
“I have a whole bunch of friends for you to meet.  Would you like that?”
“A whole bunch? I don't have any friends.  The other kids call me names and won't play with me.  Are any of them kids?”  
“No, no kids but there are some nice ladies there.”
“Oh, goodie.”  She squealed.
When they got back to the hotel John took her to the restaurant and asked her what she wanted.
“Anything 'ceptin hamburgers, if I could.” She said as she propped herself up at the table.
“I tell you why don't you go wash your hands and face over there in the bathroom and I'll order something for you.  “
”Okie dokie,” she answered and skipped off to the rest room.
John used the phone in the restaurant and started to call Morgan.  He thought for a few minutes and called Jackie instead.  Jackie was a little bit older and her whole persona was more of a mother than Morgan's.
“Hi, Jackie, this is John.  I found a little girl that's hungry and I brought her back with me.  She doesn't have any parents and she needs a little tender loving care.  I tried to talk her in to letting me call the police but she’s afraid of them.  I know it's sexist but I think she might feel a little more comfortable with a woman than a man.  From what I gather she didn't really have a father.  Her mother just had a live in boyfriend and they both disappeared awhile back.”
John paused and then said into the receiver.  “Thanks Jackie, we will be in the restaurant.”
John went back to the table and waited.  He ordered the little girl a good well balanced meal and a big glass of milk.  Just as she returned Jackie entered the restaurant.  
“Hi Jackie this is Sally Ann.”  John introduced.
Jackie pulled up a chair and sat down and offered the girl her hand.  “Hi, Sally Ann.”
“Hello Miss Jackie.” Sally Ann took Jackie's hand timidly.
“Please just call me Jackie.”
“Nuh-uh.  My mommy always said to use Mister, Misses or Miss and Mizz if a woman wanted to be called that but I'm not s'pose to use first names.”
“Okay, then you, call me Miss Jackie.” Jackie forced a big smile.  The poor little girl was incredible dirty and she looked like she hadn't been eating too well.
“Here comes your food.”  John said.
Sally Ann's eyes got big and she smiled when she saw the quantity of food being brought.
“Is all of that for me?”  She asked in disbelief.
Jackie eyed John.  Just like a man, she thought, ordered too much.  Didn't he realize she hadn't being eating very well and this much food would probably make her sick?
“It's all yours.” Jackie said.  “But maybe you should just taste a little of all of it.  If you eat too much it might make your tummy hurt.”
“I guess you're right.” Sally Ann looked solemn.  “But if I don't eat too much could I have some ice cream?”
“You sure can.”  John said.
“Okay.” Sally Ann said as she began to eat rapidly but slowed down as she saw Jackie watching her.  “You sure are pretty Miss Jackie and you smell so nice.”
“Why thank you.  I think you're pretty too.” Jackie returned the compliment.
“You do?” Sally Ann smiled brightly.  “Nobody ever told me I was pretty before.”
“They haven't?” Jackie asked in disbelief.  How could a mother not tell her own child how pretty she is? All little girls like to hear that from their mothers.  “Well you are.”
“Would you like some new clothes?” John asked Sally Ann eying her oversized and ragged dress.
“New.  Really? Brand new, from a store?”
“Yes sweetheart.”  John nodded.
“I never had nothing brand new.  My mama always got my clothes from the old clothes shop or the 'vation army store.”
“The vation army store?”  Jackie asked.
“Who's that?”
“You seen 'em, they ring bells outside of the liquor store.” Sally Ann explained.  “But brand new clothes, really?”
“Yes brand new and new shoes too.”  John said.
“Tennis shoes?”  She asked hopefully.  
“Yes,” John answered, “and pretty shoes too.”
“Oh boy,” Sally Ann said.  “I'm full.  Can we go now?”  
“I thought you wanted ice cream?”  Jackie smiled.
“I'm full.  I'm ready to go.” Her eyes smiled up at Jackie.
“Here's my credit card.” John said, handing it to Jackie.  “Buy her as much as she wants and whatever you think she needs and Jackie, thank you.”
“John there's no need to thank me this is pure pleasure.” Jackie said taking his credit card and slipping it into her purse.  “Are you sure you don't want to go along with us?”  
“I've never been much of a shopper.”  John answered.
“Coward,” Jackie grinned and then turned to Sally Ann.  “Why don't you go wash your hands and face?”  
“I washed them before I ate.”  Sally Ann protested.
“But after eating chicken your hands might be a little bit greasy and you don't want to get your new clothes greasy, do you?”
“Oh yeah.” Her eyes widened and she stood up and headed back to the rest room.  “Excuse me.”
After she was out of hearing range Jackie patted John's hand.  “This is really a nice thing to do John but what are we going to do when we leave?”
“I hadn't thought about it.  We will be forced to call the authorities.  And what do we do about tonight, what do we do with her then?” He then had a good idea he would ask Mindy to watch her.  It would take care of two problems at once.  He would have someone to watch Sally Ann and an excuse for Mindy not to join them.
“Maybe Mindy would watch her.”  John suggested.
“Maybe,” Jackie said in agreement.
When Sally Ann returned she had scrubbed her face to where it was red and washed her arms up to her elbows.  Jackie thought, “Maybe I should have her bathe first.” Then decided against it.  Sally Ann was too anxious and she would still have to put the ragged dress back on her.  Besides she would probably want to bath after she got her new clothes so she wouldn't get them dirty.
They bid John good-bye and left.
“Thank you.” Sally Ann called back to him over her shoulder.  “You're the most nicest man I ever did meet.”
John felt a lump in his throat and his chest hurt.  He wondered why he had done it.  He guessed he felt sorry for her.  No one should ever have to live like that and she was still just a baby.  He sat there thinking to himself and ordered a cup of coffee.  Why was he doing this? Why did it even matter? The world may no longer exist tomorrow.  He shrugged, well even if it didn't, at least Sally Ann would enjoy today.


CHAPTER 58

Mindy sat in her room grateful for the separate rooms.  She needed time away from Jamal.  He had wanted her to come over to his room but she had told him that she had some female things to do.  Men always fell for it.  Soon as you mentioned you might be close to your cycle the average man would change the subject.  She stroked the little kitten.
“How’s my baby doing?”  She said as it meowed in its high pitched voice.
“Mama brought you some milk back.”  She watched as it lapped at the ashtray full of milk.
She could hardly believe it.  Finally, she thought, she had worked so hard to get to this point and it was only hours away.
The phone rang and she picked it up expecting it to be Jamal.
“Hi, baby.”  She answered.  “Oh, hi John,” and laughed.  “I thought it was Jamal.”
She stood and gritted her teeth as she heard John describe finding the little girl and would she mind watching her tonight.  What could she say to him?  She didn’t want him to suspect anything yet, so she agreed.
“John, I would love to watch the precious little thing.” She grimaced.  She would make John hurt for this.  She would make him hurt badly before she killed him but now she had to convince him there was no problem.
“Oh, I'm sure, John.  No, not at all,” She lied into the receiver.  “I love children besides I would be out of place there anyway.”
She had to force herself to keep from slamming down the phone when he was finished.  That fucking bastard, she thought.  How am I going to know where they go? “I know,” she said aloud, “this kid and I will just happen to take a walk at nine o'clock.  I will walk with them and then pretend to turn around.  I'll get rid of the kid as soon as I find out where they are but they will think I walked back to the hotel.”
It was going to cause her more problems but maybe she could use the kid.  She might even need the kid's extra life energy to be able to overcome John.  This might just be a blessing in disguise, she told herself.  If she had to she would kill them all, even Jamal.  She had been growing fond of Jamal but everyone was expendable if necessary.
“Come here Azid.” She coaxed to the kitten.  “Come here sweetie pie.  You're my little baby aren't you? Can't trust people can we? You're the only one I can trust.”


CHAPTER 59

“Hi Dad,” Zolar said into the receiver.  “Guess where I am?”
“Hi Zoe.”  He heard his father say.  “Where are you?”  
“I'm in Roanoke.  I'm staying with some friends over at the Hotel Roanoke.  But Dad, I think you knew we would show up here.” Zolar said accusingly.
“Yes we did, son.  We've been getting ready for your return.” His father answered.
“Dad I think you owe us a little more explanation.  I'm not buying some of what you told me.  I want to hear everything.”
“What's wrong?”  His father asked him.
“Well for one thing, something is going wrong.  There have been several deaths and what I experienced wasn't what I thought it was going to be.”  
“Oh,” his father said into the phone.  
“Well Dad I want all the facts.”  Zolar demanded.  
“Now?”  
“Now Dad.”
“Okay then, do you want me to come over to the hotel.”  
“How long will it take you to get here?”  Zolar asked.
“I can be there in forty minutes.” His father answered.  
“Okay.  I'm in room 432.  I'll be waiting, and Dad?”
“Yes.”
“I've missed you.”
“We've missed you to.” His father said before he hung up.
Zolar laid down on the bed and thought about the questions he wanted to ask his father.  After what he had seen he didn't believe they were all the direct decedents of Cain and Able, and Seth.  Even when he had been told the story, he hadn't completely believed it but had accepted it at the time.  Why had his father told him that? He wondered.
The fact that John was apparently the Avatar was probably the only thing true and even that was debatable.  John could also be the Anti-Christ.  But the fact that they were supposed to be the 666th generation descended from Cain had been a total fabrication.  He knew that now because he had seen the creation of the universe itself.  Evolution was the way man had come into being.  He had literally slithered up out of the water and had evolved into the thinking being that he is today.
Why had his father led him to believe John was going to save the world, when in fact, John would decide whether the world would continue or end.
Zolar wondered who was knocking at his door.  It was too soon to be his father.  He walked over and opened it.
“Hi, Bernie, come on in.” Zolar said as he opened the door.
“Have you seen Jackie?”
“No.  She's not in her room?” Zolar asked as Bernie strolled in and made himself comfortable glancing around the room.
“Don't you think I would have checked there first?” Bernie snipped.
“Don't snap at me.  What's your problem?”  Zolar ask.
“Sorry.  I just thought she might be here or might have told you where she was going and not told me.  I guess it was jealousy.” Bernie apologized.
“I haven't heard from her.  She probably went shopping or something.  There's nothing to worry about.  Roanoke's not like New York.  It may not be a hundred percent safe but compared to New York it's a hell of a lot safer.”
“I guess the luncheon got me down.” Bernie wrinkled up his brow and shrugged.  “It was pretty depressing.  It never occurred to me John might die.  We haven't known him long but it just doesn't seem right.”
“I know what you mean.  You know I'm glad you came over.  I have a favor to ask.” Zolar said.
“Shoot.”
“John thinks only the seven centers should be present tonight.  But he figures Michael might be a bit of a problem.  You've got to admit Michael is head strong.” Zolar sat down across from Bernie adding, “He suggested we might have to drug him and since Michael apparently brought drugs to sedate Thomas, we could use some of them on Michael.  Here's the problem.  I tried when I came up to jimmy open his door but I didn't have any luck.  I thought I might go down to the front desk and tell them I'm Michael O'Malley and that I locked my key in the room.  Since we all checked in at once they might not be able to place names with faces.  The only thing is with a name like mine, people tend to stick it to my face fairly quick.  I was wondering…?
“Wondering if I would do it?”  Bernie asked.
“Yeah.  Besides if he has more than one type of drug I might pick up the wrong thing.”
“Sure thing.  Hey, I grew up in New York.  I know how to run a good hustle.  Besides that the way I found out Jackie's name the first day I met her.  I went into the USO and ran a line on them.” Bernie smiled as he thought back to the day he met Jackie, seemed like ages ago.  “Do you think I can pass for Irish?”
“All of you Caucasians look alike.” Zolar tried to keep a serious face.
“Zolar, I think you're part Caucasian, Now aren't you?”
“Yeah,” Zolar shrugged and furrowed his brow.  “I got the pencil dick.”
Bernie laughed and Zolar joined in.
Bernie sobered and shook his head.  “Did you get a chance to call your father?”
“Yeah, he's coming over, should be here shortly.”
“Well I guess I might as well go back to my room.  Give you and your father some time together.” Bernie got up and headed toward the door.  “Thanks for cheering me up.  You're just what the doctor ordered.  Catch you later; I've got to take care of a little covert procurement.”
Zolar didn't protest Bernie's departure.  Just as Bernie was ready to shut the door Bernie stopped and turned.
“Zolar are you scared?”  He asked.
“Bernie, truthfully I would be lying if I said I wasn't.  I'm terrified.”
“Me too,” Bernie said and closed the door.


CHAPTER 60

Thomas followed behind Michael and Billy as they left Melrose Avenue.  Michael looked down at the drawing Clarets had provided.  They stood in front of an abandon lot surrounded by the remains of a brick wall which had crumbled over the years.
“This looks like it.” Michael said.  “This is the administration building in front.  Apparently the area we are looking for was detached.  There were several buildings, six in all, I believe, and they were spread out pretty far apart.  It was strange how they all caught fire at the same time.”
“It's not what I expected.” Billy said looking at the lot over grown with weeds, brush, and trees.
“The Star is right in front of us.  Looks like the mountain runs directly down to this lot.  Anyway the area we want should be further back that way.” Michael gestured.
“There's a path over there.” Billy said as he climbed the wall.  Chunks of brick broke beneath his feet.
“Come on Thomas.” Michael ordered as he followed after Billy.  Michael paused after he crossed the wall to ensure Thomas would follow.  When he was satisfied he would follow he fell in behind Billy's lead.
They walked through the skeleton of what must have been the hospital.  The structure must not have been very large compared to present day hospitals.  Billy didn't feel the magnetic pull that the other two felt.  He watched their faces and could tell they were experiencing some kind of connection with the place.  He wondered why he was involved.  He was even younger than Morgan but her parents had prepared her for this.  Until he had met John he had never given much thought to God or even religion.  Why was he connected? Had meeting John just been a coincidence.  It didn't make any sense.  Morgan had been put in to the empty chakra spot.  Had it been predestined that he was to fill the other empty center? Was it possible it had only been a coincidence? He shook his head as he thought about it.  There were just too many things bringing them together for any of it to have been mere coincidence.  He just didn't know.
Through the years of neglect the grass and thistles dominated the hilly terrain.  They followed along a well-worn path which kids must have used for bicycles or trail bikes.  White and bull pine thickly grew all around them and it was peppered by smaller oaks.  The grass thinned as the pine trees thickened.  A blanket of pine needles smothering it.
“I thought this was going to be obvious...  out in the open.” Billy said as he bent over to keep from hitting his head on some of the overhanging tree branches.
“So did I.” Michael said as he glanced around to check on Thomas.
“Do you think we will know the place where the center opening will take place when we see it?” Billy asked.
“I hope so.”  Michael said.
After several minutes of walking the trees overtook them, looming overhead, blocking out most of the sky and inhibited their view of the Star on the mountain.
“I don't know about this.” Billy said just as they came to an open space.  Billy stopped and Michael walked right into his back.  Thomas stopped just short of doing the same thing to Michael when he heard Billy grunt from the force.
They were there.  There was no need to question if it was the correct place.  They could feel it.  The energy that radiated from the area was peaceful and inviting.
The ground was bare in a circle about thirty feet across.  The rich dark soil was naked of even a single blade of grass.  In the center of the clearing was a large limestone that jutted up conspicuously to form a natural flat bed.  To them it appeared to be an altar.  Scattered throughout the area were discarded beer cans, soda bottles, condoms and paper.  The area was popular.
Michael pulled a pair of gloves from his pocket and a trash bag and began to clean up the area.
“You think of everything, don't you?” Billy said to Michael as he began to help with the cleanup.  “I'll leave the rubbers to you since you've got the gloves.”
Thomas just stared at them as they rapidly cleaned the area.  He had many mixed feelings about the area.  Warm, cold, peaceful and nervous, he felt them all.  Dear Lord, why did he have to be involved in this? What was he supposed to do now? What could he do except put his faith in God?


CHAPTER 61

Finally, Zolar thought, as he heard a knock at the door.  He had started pacing fifteen minutes earlier.
“Hello Dad, I was beginning to worry about you.” He said opening the door.
“Sorry I got stuck in traffic.” His father embraced him.
“I know this is all of a sudden but I wanted to talk to you before midnight.  I don't know if you're aware of what has been happening but I'll fill you in later.  What I need to know is more about what happen the night we were born.”
“Okay, just let me catch my wind.” His father walked over to a chair and sat down.
“Could I get you a glass of water?”
“I'm fine, just give me a second.” His father cleared his throat.  “You're as impetuous as ever.”
“I know,” Zolar said, “I take that after you.”
That brought a smile to his father's lips.  “I was on call the night you were born.  That was back when I was still practicing.  I was the only doctor here that night.  Of course back then hospitals were small not like they are now a days.”
Zolar leaned back and listened.  He knew that when his father began there would be no hurrying him.  After Zolar began to teach he could better understand the many lectures his father had given him over the years.  It had been a shame that his father had given up surgery but his hands weren't as functional as they once had been.  He smiled remembering the day when his father had told them his plans to teach.  “As shaky as these hands are,” his father had said, “I liable cut somebodies nuts off while trying to remove their appendix.” He had joked about giving it up but down deep Zolar knew how hard it had been for his father to admit he could no longer trust himself to operate on anyone.
“That night there were only three of us on duty.  “His father continued.  “Me, Thelma my RN, and an orderly named Sam.  The whole hospital only had three patients and they weren't all that sick.  Then all of these pregnant women started showing up.  It was unbelievable.  Eight of them.  Damnedest thing I ever experienced.  A Jewish woman and her husband that had been on vacation, a black woman here visiting her sister from Lynchburg; three white women and their husband... your natural mama and an Indian woman.  We had them stacked up practically.”
“An Indian woman?”  Zolar interrupted, “a native American?”
“Now if you're going to let me tell this don't be interrupting.  If you've got questions wait tell I'm finished.  Boy you ought to know that when I get started I can't backtrack and then find my place again.”
“Sorry Dad.”
“Now where was I, oh yes, we had them stacked up.  Back in those days we weren't supposed to treat any non-whites.  We were supposed to send them over to the colored hospital but these women were too far along in labor for me to be sending them over there.  I caught hell for it the next day.  They even gave me static about letting the Jews in; thank God those days have changed.”
“That's only seven.  I thought you said there were eight?”
“What did I tell you about interrupting me.  I'll get to that, now just listen up.” Zolar's father peered over his glasses with a severe warning.  When Zolar saw that look he had learned to do as his father said or there would be hell to pay.  Funny how his father could still make him feel like a small boy.
“Now I forgot where I was.”
“You caught hell for letting them in.”  Zolar prompted.
“Oh yeah, they gave me hell for it.  We had blood and sack water all over the operating room.  Damnedest sight you ever could see.  We had the tables full, filled up all the gurneys and even had to lay one woman on a slab of limestone that they build the labor room around.  We were in the back building at the foot of Mill Mountain.  Anyway, that was the eighth one but I'll get to her, so just be patient.  That limestone, he said remembering back.  They always said it was limestone but limestone's not usually that hard.  They tried to blast it out before they built the place but didn't have any luck.  So they just incorporated it in the design of the delivery room.  Made it into a table.  We couldn't even get them all to the delivery room.  We couldn't fit them in and they were all having contractions about the same length apart.  I even had to have Sam, the orderly, scrub up and help us.  We were lucky that we only lost two women that night.” He reached and patted Zolar's hand.  “I'm sorry your mother had to be one of them.  I guess that was one reason your mother and I adopted you.  Of course we had never had children and we had always wanted one.  We probably would have adopted the other one but he had relatives that claimed him.  That was the babe born to the woman on the limestone.”
His father leaned back and stared up at the ceiling.  Tears formed in his eyes as he remembered.  “I thought we were going to lose all of them and the babes too when that light came down from the sky.  The ceiling of the delivery room caved in and this bright white light filled the room.  It seemed to come out of the heavens.  Right at midnight the ground shook and we very rarely have earthquakes around here.  Well the ground shook and we heard the ceiling began to crack and fall but the strangest thing was the room didn't cave in, it caved out.  You know how a tornado pulls windows out.  That's what it was like.  It was like something just pulled the roof right off that part of the hospital.  There were a few fragments that fell on us, dust and plaster but the main part of the roof just blew off.  Then this white light came down from the sky and filled the room.  It was so white it hurt your eyes but didn't blind us.  In the center of it was a bright yellow light that shone down directly on the woman on the limestone.  All of the women's labor seemed to respond to it.  But the woman on the limestone hadn't died yet.  She had been screaming from pain and fright but she became quiet.  We were working as hard and fast as we could.  Then in the center of the yellow beam a large florescent orange orb flowed down through that beam, right out of the sky.  This piercing orange sphere settled down on her and the babe, which was still attached by the umbilical cord.  We were still tying and cutting but you couldn't help but watch what was happening.  It was mesmerizing.”
His father stared off into air as if the image he had created with mere words was becoming visible before them.  As his father spoke, Zolar began to picture the scene being described.
“Then that orange ball began to shimmer.” His father continued.  “And it began to change in color.  It changed to something else.  Its color was indescribable.  It wasn't color it was light.  Pure unadulterated light.  It was a clear cold light.” He squinted his eyes and pushed his glasses up on his nose as if he were still staring at the light.  “It wasn't warm.  It was cold, oh such a cold, cold light.  Like darkness, a black light, but it wasn't an ultraviolet light.
It was the purest purity of the very essence of light.  And when this happen seven rays of light shot out from the babe.  Each ray fell on one of the women in labor.  It was the colors of the rainbow, or a prism.  Plop, plop, plop, babies came popping out.  Each couldn't have been more than a few seconds apart.  Soon as one of those lights touched the mothers they popped out a baby.” He shook his head back and forth.  “Damnedest thing I ever saw.  Back then they didn't have lasers or at least us average folks had never seen them but that's about the best way to describe those rays, like laser beams.  Violet, purple, blue, and red, ever color of the prism to be exact.  And when them kids were born they didn't cry at first but as each one inhaled we heard musical notes.  Sweet notes with each birth.  Like a musical scale.  Seven notes and seven rays.  Pretty crazy was exactly what it was, just plain crazy.”
He paused and looked into Zolar's eyes.  “Thelma, Sam and me, we never mentioned it to anyone for a long time.  Like a UFO sighting, you see one of them damn things flying around and next thing you know folks think you're daft.”
He paused and took off his glasses and rubbed his nose.  “We didn't talk about it for years.  We adopted you and you were our pride and joy.  When I gave up surgery and started teaching was the first time I had talked about it, except with your mother of course.  That was when we met Ing Hue and he taught us the eastern philosophy.  The more your mother and I learned we came to realize that you were special.  All eight of you kids were special.  According to Dr. Ing Hue, your births had been predicted through the alignment of the stars and we taught you as much about it as we could.  Even sent you to Tibet when you were still a kid.  We figured we owed it to your mother.”
He leaned back and put his glasses back on.  “I guess I'm finished with my lecture.  Ask your questions.”
Zolar thought for a moment as he watched his father.  His mother had been from Tibet and her parent before her.  Then she had met his father an American GI.  He had talked her into coming to the states and be married.  Under Virginia law at that time they hadn't been able to marry because of the mixed races but his father had been killed.  It was all so confusing.  The joining of the religions and language sometimes confused his thinking.  Dr. Ing Hue had taught him the ways of his mother's people and even his adopted parents had learned from him.  He had taught him how to locate the other centers by using his nerve endings.  That had been how he had located Jackie and Bernie that first night when they had been running from Jamal.
“Why did you say we were the six hundred and sixty sixth descendent of pure linage of Cain, Able and Seth?” Zolar finally asked his father.
“Zoe, we were brought up as Christians and sometimes it's hard to readapt to new learning when your foundation has already be laid.  As a doctor and a scientist, I know about the two theories of the creation of the universe but your mother and I are believers in the third theory of creation.” He paused for Zolar's response.
“The third theory?” Zolar wrinkled his brow in thought.  “I don't recall having heard of the third theory?”
“The third theory is the Creationist Theory.  That's what we believe.”
“Oh, I forgot about that one.  I just think of it as being a myth since there's no scientific evidence to even indicate it is true.”
“Well, scientific or not, that's what we believe.  Ing use to tell us when we argued about it, that it was a matter of perspective.  It all depends on where you stood and looked at it as to how much truth you could actually see.”
“Perspective.” Zolar nodded.  “That word seems to be popping up lately.”
His father nodded back.  “Well if you think very hard about it all, all three are the same.  It's just that some aspects of it can't be seen unless we open our minds up and take a three hundred and sixty degree view of the thing.  The Steady State, the Big Bang and the Creationist theory if you sit back and look at it completely, it's all the same.”
“But that's impossible.  They're so different in their definition of how it started or how they end.” Zolar argued and then added.  “Well when I think about it I can see how the Big Bang and the Creationist Theory relate.  I saw it last night as a matter of fact.  I just hadn't been calling it the Creationist Theory.  I guess I made the mistake of calling it the Judeo-Christian Theory, but I guess it's the same thing.  I just don't see how those two can be related to the Steady State?”
“Son I can't tell you that.  Truth is something you have to experience.  When you only learn the fundamentals of truth without experiencing it, then it is only a theory.  But when you experience it, then and only then is it the truth.”
“I still don't understand the possibility of the 666th thing.  That's a lot of generations but the universe is billions of years old.  With only 666 generations that's less than, even if we say a generation is 30 years, that's not even 20,000 years.  The earth it's self is billions of years old and the universe is older than that.”
“Ah, but we just spoke about that.  Time like everything else is dependent on perspective.  It can be the distance from point A, to point B.  It can be dependent on the speed traveled from A, to point B.  Take for example the fact that our galaxy, the Milky Way, is moving through the universe.  Now think about how our solar system is moving within our galaxy.  Then think about the speed our planet is circling our sun.  Earth, solar system, galaxy, all moving.  Yet you and I sit here and talk for only fifteen minutes.  Since we have begun our talk we have probably moved millions of miles and yet we are sitting in the same place.  It is only perspective and perspective is all relative to what reference point we use when we begin.”
Zolar watched his father intently in respect and awe.  His father reached out and tapped a nearby table.
“Now take that table there.  Think about the number of atoms in motion within that table.  Those atoms' electrons and protons are spinning around its nucleus, a nucleus that we're still learning about.  Those atoms are in motion bonding together to form molecules and those molecules binding to form the table as we see it.  All in motion, but to us they are still.  What is it? It's all perspective.  No more, no less.  That's why we believe you are the 666th generation from Cain, Able and Seth.  It’s our perspective.”
Zolar shook his head.  “I guess,” he sighed, “but I just don't see it.  Why Cain, Able and Seth, why the 666th?”
“Zoey,” his father spoke his childhood nick name, “the best records we can find come from the Cherokee nation.  It was all handed down from one generation to the other that each thirty years on the very spot in which the eight of you were born the same thing happens.  The eight of you make up the 666th time that this has occurred at that same location.”
“But why Cain?”
“It is believed that when Cain was cursed by God for killing his brother he was sent away.  He took with him his own children and children from both of his brothers Able and Seth.  They migrated to the American when the supercontinent land mass of Pangaea existed.  The early scientist believed that the Native Americans migrated across the Bering Strait.
Although that's not what the Cherokee Nation has passed down from generation to generation in secret.  They believe that when Africa was part of Gondwanaland, it was all attached to Laurasia which broke up and formed Europe and North America.”
“But Dad, the Supercontinent broke up 225 million years before man is known to have existed?” Zolar argued.  “How can we be the 666th generation descendent of Cain, if we assume a generation is 30 years, that's a hell of a lot less than 20,000 years!”
His father looked at him somewhat perturbed.  “Didn't your mother and I teach you not to swear?”
“Uh, sorry Dad.” His father was still doing it.  He always made him feel like a child.
“To answer your question, the key word you use is assume.  If you think about perspective you have to keep an open mind.  First, of all we might assume that Homosapien's life generation is 30 years but I never said that Cain was a Homosapien, did I?”
“Oh,” Zolar said as he realized where his father was headed with this.
“The decedents of Cain started long before man existed.  The life that you are now existed long ago in other life forms.  It has evolved too where it is a thinking Homosapien.”
Zolar rolled his neck around on his shoulders thinking about what his father had said.  It all fell in line, he half heartily thought.  He smiled as he thought about it.  The first man, Adam should really be called Atom and atoms formed the first one cell creator.  That was Adam and when that one cell creator reproduced it split in half.  And Eve came from Adam's side.  Oh well, he shrugged, that was neither here nor now.  Then he remembered the question he wanted to ask his father.
“Dad, earlier you said there was an Indian woman that gave birth.  She was one of the eight.”
His father nodded.  “Yes a pretty Cherokee woman gave birth to a little girl.  The woman's father had brought her in that night.”
“But none of the eight are Cherokee.” Zolar protested but thought about Mindy.  Was it possible? “Although Jamal, one of the centers, has a girlfriend that may be Cherokee.”
“I don't think so son, I kept in touch with her grandfather for quite a few years, he is a good man, but he told me about fifteen years ago that the girl had been killed.  I can't quite remember how he said she died but he told me she died.  I remember that because I had wondered how that was going to affect the rest of you seven.”
“She was replaced by a woman named Morgan.” Zolar shook his head.  “Seems strange though, to find out that one of the centers was an Indian and the girlfriend of one of the centers is an Indian.  It's just too much of a coincidence.  And I'm slowly beginning to believe that there's no such thing as the word coincidence.”
“I don't know son.  I can't help you there.  Now it's my turn to ask questions.” His father said.
“Fair enough.”
“What's going to happen tonight?” His father looked at him gravely.
“I wished I knew Dad, I wished I knew.”


CHAPTER 62

The phone rang in Morgan's room.  It's about time she thought.  She had tried to call her parent's and had left a message on their recorder to call her back.
“Hello.” She said as she brushed her hair away from her ear.
“Hi darling,” Came her mother's soothing voice.
“Hi mom.  I'm so glad you called.”
“Why didn't you tell us you were going to be in town? Did they change your flying route?”
“No, I'm still on the same route.  It is part of the Avatar's opening, mom.”
“Oh,” her mother said meekly.  “I hadn't forgot.  I guess I just didn't want to think about it.  Are you okay? Did he hurt you?” She emphasized the word he, with a grimace of disgust.
“Mom, I'm fine and he's wonderful and you know his name is John.” Her mother had originally objected to the idea that she was to be John's virginal sacrifice.
“When are you coming up here to see us?” Her mother said deliberately changing the subject.
“Soon I hope but I need to talk to Daddy right now if he's there.”
“He's standing right here staring daggers at me.  He wants to talk to you to honey.  I'm going to give you to him now.  I love you.”
“I love you too Mom.”
“Hi baby.” Her father's strong bass voice came through the receiver.
“Hi Dad.”
“Well how's everything going?”
“Is Mom still in the room with you?”
“Yes.”
“I have some questions I need to ask and I know how she gets upset when we talk about this.  I really need to talk to you.”
“I understand, just a minute.” She heard her father ask her mother if she would fix him a sandwich and get him some milk.
“Okay,” her father said, “she's gone, now we can talk.  What's wrong?”
“Nothing I can put my finger on Dad, it's just some strange things have been happening.  Things I hadn't expected.”
“What kind of things?”
“Several deaths.  It's all so weird.  What I wanted to know is how I became a substitute.  I was told that the woman I replaced had gone crazy.  I just wanted to know more about it and if you knew anything about her.”
Her father was quiet for a moment.  She started to ask him if he was still there when he spoke up.
“Morgan,” she heard him pause and clear his throat.  “When you were young I got a call from my father's third cousin.  His granddaughter had been the one whose place you took.  She hadn't gone crazy, well not exactly crazy.  What happened was that when she was told that she would have to maintain her virginity for the Avatar she rebelled.  She went out and slept with the first person she could find.  That was when we first became initiated into the old esoterical faith.  Normally because we are so mixed, with so little Cherokee blood in us, they wouldn't allow us in.  The problem was that with the times the way they were they couldn't find a virgin to replace her.  They kept going down the line of blood linage.”
“But why did we become involved Dad?” She almost whined but realized it and didn't allow herself to.
“Morgan, after what you have seen and learned I am surprised that you need to ask that question.” He answered lovingly.  “I know it's been difficult, but you know we love you.”
“I know Dad and I love you too.  It's just that this has been so strange and frightening.  It wasn't what I expected.  It's more.  I thought the Avatar would save the world from pollution, war and all of that.” She shook her head as if he could see her.  “It's not like that Dad.  There's something going to happen tonight and I'm frightened.  I believe John is going to die.  He almost as much said he was and I don't know what to do.”
“You can't do anything.  Remember the saying, as above, so below.  What happens in the material world also happens in the spiritual world of energy.”
“Thanks Dad.  I was wondering, do you know what that girl's name was?”
“Let me see.” He paused as he searched his memories.  “It seems her name meant Song Bird.  I think, if I recall it's Mendiceskia.
“Mendiceskia.” Morgan repeated.  “Mendiceskia., Mindy! Oh, my.  Dad thank you that's just what I had suspected.”
“Suspected?”
“It's a long story, hopefully I can tell you later.”
“Hopefully?”  He repeated.
“Dad I can't go into it now.  Trust me.  I love you and tell Mom I love her to.  I got to go.  Bye-bye.”
“Bye.” She heard her father say as she placed her finger on the hang-up switch.  She then dialed the front desk.
“Front desk.”
“Mr. Fleuric's room please.”
“I'll ring it for you, and if you want to dial him later just add a 6 in front of the room number.” The young girl said pleasantly.
“Thank you.” Morgan answered.  She heard the phone ring five, six, seven, where was he? She hung up the phone and looked at her watch.  It was only two hours until they meet in front of the hotel.  Should she go out and look for John?


VIII.  THE SEVENTH CHAKRA
 AJNA THE PITUITARY
At the apex of the mind, lies the pituitary.  The energy of all other chakra converge upon it making known the meaning of existence.  There are few words that can be passed on to you, the disciple, for when the center opens only then can you understand.
THE DOCTRINE OF THE CHAKRA CENTERS by Tawadin Djwahan

CHAPTER 63

The time passed slowly for them and at nine they started showing up in front of the hotel.  Jackie was the first to show with Sally Ann in tow.
“Where is everyone?” Sally Ann asked.  “You said I would meet a bunch of people.”
“We're early.  I'm sure they will be down soon.” Jackie smiled down at the girl.  They had spent the afternoon shopping and Sally Ann had happily agreed to take a bubble bath when they got back to Jackie's room.  She hoped John had talked to Mindy about watching her.
“Thank you again, Miss Jackie, for my most beautifulist clothes that I ever had.”
“You're welcome, sweetheart.  When Mr.  John comes down would you want to give him a big hug and kiss? It was all his idea and he's the one that paid for them.”
Her eyes widened and she grinned shyly.  “I sure would.  You don't think he would mind?”
“Men always love to be kissed by a beautiful girl.” Jackie's eyes twinkled as she watched Sally Ann blush.
“There's Mr. John now.” Sally Ann squealed and ran over to greet him.  She crooked her index finger for him to lean over.
“Who's this pretty girl?”  John said as he leaned over.
“It's me, Sally Ann,” she said hugging his neck and kissing him on the cheek.
“You're gorgeous.”  He complemented.
“Oh, thank you Mr.  John, thank you so much.”
“Hi Jackie,” John greeted.
“Isn't she pretty?” Jackie asked John and smiled at Sally Ann.
“She sure is.” John smiled.  “Sally Ann, would you let another pretty woman watch you this evening?”
Sally Ann tried to hide her disappointment but nodded.
“I tell you what.  Mindy will be here soon and you and her can walk with us for a while before she brings you back to the hotel to go to bed.” John offered noticing her lip pucker.
“Okay.” She readily agreed.  “Could I hold your hand, Mr. John?”
“It would be my honor.” He said as he took hold of her tiny hand.
Morgan was the next to come down.  “Hi, John, Jackie and who is this pretty girl with you John?”
“This is Sally Ann.  Sally Ann this is Morgan.” John bent over and whispered to Sally Ann.  “She's not married.”
“Please to meet you Miss Morgan.”  Sally Ann replied.
“We're going to help Sally Ann find her parents.  She's being alone for several weeks now.” John told Morgan.
“Oh, poor baby,” Morgan said, as she stooped down and gave Sally Ann a hug.
“Mindy's going to watch Sally Ann while we're out.” John told Morgan as she stood back up.
“Good.” Morgan said.  “I need to talk to you alone for a moment.” She turned to Jackie.  “Jackie, I'm not being rude and it's not about you.  It's just kind of personal.”
“There's no need to explain yourself to me.” Jackie said.  “Believe me I don't offend easily.” But she was wondering why Morgan was being so cryptic.
John let loose of Sally Ann's hand and said.  “We will be right back, honey.”
John and Morgan walked several paces down the street and Morgan stopped and turned to him.
“John, it's about Mindy.  I'm not sure but I think that she….”
At that moment Mindy came out of the hotel carrying her kitten and hurried over toward them.
“Hello everybody,” She greeted.  “This must be Sally Ann.”
“Hello.”  Sally Ann replied.
“I'm Mindy and this is Azid.” She rubbed the kitten under the chin and offered it to Sally Ann.  “Would you like to hold him?”
“Oh yes, he's so cute.”  She said in delight.
“We will be right back.” John said to Mindy as he took Morgan's arm to walk further down the street.
“That's okay.  I can tell you later.” Morgan said and thought to herself.  “I must be wrong.  She's so sweet and besides John has already arranged for her to be with Sally Ann.  She won't even be at the opening.  I'm just paranoid.” 
“Are you sure it will wait?”  John asked.
“I'm sure.”  Morgan replied.
Michael was next, followed begrudgingly by Thomas.  John looked at the preacher to see if he looked drugged.  He looked clear eyed.  He guessed Michael must have found another way to persuade him to come along.
They were soon joined by Jamal who just nodded to them and walked over to Mindy who had been talking with Sally Ann.
Then Billy, Bernie and finally Zolar came out.
“Hi guys.” John greeted and then turned to Zolar wondering if he had been able to get the drugs from Michael's room.  “Zolar, where you able to look into that little matter we discussed earlier?”
Zolar turned to Bernie.  “Bernie?”
“All taken care of and ready.” He answered as he patted his pocket lightly.
John nodded.
“Hey wait's going on around here?”  Billy said.
“Secrets” Jackie said teasingly.  “Everybody's got secrets.”
“Men talk.”  Bernie said.
Billy grabbed his crotch.  “There's more man here than the rest of you put together.”
“Hey that was supposed to be my line.” Bernie protested.
“Aren't you guys ever serious?” Jackie swatted at both of them.
“Life is one big practical joke.  God is a comedian and everybody’s afraid to laugh.” Bernie said in humor but they all became quiet.
“I take it you found the place.” John broke the quiet as he looked at Michael and then Billy.
“Sure did.  No problems.” Billy answered.”
“Did anyone think to bring some light it's starting to get dark?” Morgan asked.
“Got it covered.” Michael said as he reached into a bag and started handing out small flash lights.
“I've got a light.” Zolar said as he held up the Maglite that Kumara had given him.
“Me too.” John said pulling the small Maglite from his pocket.
“Aren't you two fancy-smancy.” Billy said as he took one of the flashlights from Michael and checked to make sure it worked.
“Let's go.”  John said solemnly.
Sally Ann ran over and grabbed John's hand and smiled up at him.
“You said I could.”  She reminded him of his promise.
“My pleasure.” He said gently as they all headed down the sidewalk following Michael's lead.
It was a somber group walking two by two.  Sally Ann was holding tight to John's hand using her other one to cuddle the kitten against her chest.
The sun had settled below the mountain top and the nights purple shadows grew bold.
As they walked their eyes drank in the evening hues.  Their sense of smell tasted the fresh air and rich soil.  They sensed a form of pity for the great southern city of Roanoke as she lay dying from the economic starvation of the time.  Dusk came to rest in the Shenandoah Valley snuggled in the rich haze of the awesome Blue Ridge Mountains.
Directly ahead of them ― peering down ― stood the great Star of Mill Mountain.  A man made image designed and built in the hay day of the city.  It had perhaps been the vision of someone's dream, which developed the garish imitation of a Hollywood fantasy.
Unlike New York, Roanoke's lights were not as severe.  The stars in the sky twinkled down on them, not from the haze of smog but from the distortion of the valley giving up her heat.
An audible gasp of expectation traversed the group as the Star blazed on in brilliant white.  A sigh of hopeful expectation passed the lips of several of them in their reluctant desire that it shone white and not red.
The street lights were far between and an occasion passing car illuminated them in their evening sojourn.  The distant barking of a dog and the rhythmic chirping of crickets broke the stillness of the night's air.
Michael and Billy paused in front of the abandon woods.
“This is it.” Michael said as he turned to face the others and then pointed.  “Over there is the easiest place to cross the wall.”
“Good.” John said as the group began their crossing.  He knelled down to Sally Ann.  “Honey, Mindy's going to watch you now, okay?”
“Okay, Mister John.” She said hugging his neck and kissing his cheek.
Mindy approached and took Sally Ann's small hand forcefully and squeezed a little harder than she intended.
“Ouch!”  Sally Ann protested.
“I'm sorry; I guess I don't know my own strength.” Mindy apologized while gritting her teeth.
John stood up and faced Mindy.  “You take care of her, okay.”
“Certainly.”
“You should head on back to the hotel now.  This is a fairly peaceful part of the city.  I don't think you have to worry about any danger.” John ordered.
Order me? Mindy thought, I will make him suffer, but she answered sweetly.  “Good night everyone.  Sally Ann tell everybody good night.”
“Night.”  Sally Ann responded.
Mindy and Sally Ann walked away from the group in the direction from which they had come.  Sally Ann occasionally turned to look back at the group.  Even through the shadows of the evening they could tell she was not pleased and almost appeared frightened.
John was the last one to cross the wall and paused on the other side of the wall.
“Michael would you and Bernie come here a moment.”
“Sure John, what do you want?” Michael asked as Bernie fell in behind him.  Bernie slid his hand into his pocket making ready the hypodermic.
“Billy, since you've been here why don't you lead on and we will catch up with you in a minute.” John directed.
“Sure boss.” Billy replied as he flicked on his flashlight toward the well-worn path.
John stood for a few minutes collecting his thoughts as the illumination from the other's flashlights passed out of sight.  Michael stood facing John with Bernie on Michael's left and slightly behind him.
Michael finally became impatient and broke the silence.  “John, I'm glad you called me aside.  I wanted to talk to you about something.” He paused and looked at Bernie as if to indicate he wanted a little privacy.
Bernie didn't know what Michael wanted but wasn't about to lose his vantage point.  He stood clasping the needle.
John nodded at Bernie in hopes he was ready and spoke to Michael to gain his friends complete attention.
“Michael!” John said sharply, “I've been talking and….” At that moment John nodded to Bernie and reached out and embraced Michael's shoulders with his hands.  He held on tight to Michael's muscular arms.  Bernie pulled the needle out from his pocket and with years of sure footed knowledge injected Michael's arm.
It was over before Michael knew what had happen.  His first emotion had been shock and before his mind could register anger a hazy cloud of fatigue began to envelope him.
“Why?” He murmured groggily as his legs began to give out.  Bernie helped John lower Michael to the ground and leaned him against a tree.
As Michael's mind began to fade he tried to protest.  He had to remain conscious.  Why had John done this? He had to remain conscious ― he had to ― he had to meet his detective.  Clarets' secretary had finally called him back.  She had been upset and kept repeating that Clarets was bringing someone that had to talk to Michael.  No matter what he did he had to meet this person.  He asked her who it was.  She had told him that the phone connection that she had with her boss was poor.  They were on a plane en route to Roanoke but he had specified that at all cost he must talk with Michael before midnight.  Michael told her to tell Clarets they were leaving the hotel at nine and if he arrived past that he would be here.  She had asked him for directions but he told her to tell Clarets it was at the sight of the old Shenandoah Hospital.  He would know where it was.  Clarets had been the one that had provided Michael with the location.
Michael silently protested as the sleep enveloped his mind.  “Why John ― why?”
“Thanks Bernie.” John turned to follow after the others.  “I guess we should try to catch up with the others.”
Bernie fell in behind John as they located the path the others had taken.

Mindy had walked silently leading Sally Ann for over five blocks.  Enough time had passed she thought.  We can turn back.  She stopped abruptly and turned jerking Sally Ann to follow her.
“You're hurting me.” Sally Ann protested while trying to pull her hand free from Mindy's grasp.  Sally Ann held tight to the kitten protecting it from the sudden change of direction.
“Shut up, you brat.  We're going back there.” Mindy warned.
“But Mr. John said we're 'spose to go back to the hotel.” Sally Ann reminded her.
“You're with me now.  You will do what I say.  Do you understand? It is time for us to return.” Mindy said heinously.
Sally Ann didn't say anything and quit struggling with Mindy.  They walked rapidly on their return trip.  Sally Ann stumbled several times with Mindy's tight grip being the only thing that kept her from falling.
They approached the abandoned woods and Mindy maneuvered them over to the easiest access over the wall.  Once over the wall Mindy pulled a small light from her pocket that she had prepared for this purpose.  Scanning the area her light fell onto Michael's sleeping body.
Maybe I should take his energy now, she thought.  She walked over to stand at his feet.  She kicked at his shoe to see if he would stir.  Satisfied that he was unconscious she decided to collect him later, after she had disposed of the others.  It would be much more pleasing to have him awake and make him suffer.  His agony would be her pleasure.  She pulled Sally Ann along with her as she found the path the others must have taken.  Soon as she located where the other's had stopped she would take care of the child.  She smiled as she relished the thoughts of the agony the brat would have to endure before taking her energy.
Sally Ann stared down at Michael and smiled to herself in the dark.  Mindy pulled at her to follow.  She snuggled Azid close up under her chin to protect him from harm.
As Mindy and Sally Ann passed out of sight a car stopped in front of the woods.
“This is it.  My secretary said Michael would be waiting.” Claret said to the old man sitting beside him as he climbed out of the car.  He went around to the passenger's side to assist his passenger.
The older man accepted the assistance of Clarets young strength and was led over to where the wall was crumbling.
“Wait here.” Clarets said and headed back to the car's truck.  “I'll get a flashlight.”
The old man stared after Clarets as he pulled the pouch he had been holding close to him.  When Clarets returned he climbed over the wall and helped the elderly gentleman over.
“Are you sure you had to come? Wasn't there anything I could have done?” Clarets asked as the man stabilized his feeble limbs after crossing the wall.
Clarets paused and flicked his flashlight on in the direction of the path.  “Over there.  I guess they must have gone down the path, over there.”
“Be still.”  The man warned.
The night air brought them the hidden sounds of the nocturnal life.  The man inhaled deeply and turned.  He pointed his finger and began walking over to where Michael laid.
“Here.” He said stopping in front of Michael's unconscious body.
Clarets pointed his light on Michael and quickly moved to assist his benefactor.
“How did you know he was here?”  Clarets asked.
“If you come to know the night as you do the day, then you learn what should be there.  When you know what should be there you will find that you're able to feel what shouldn't be.  I could feel him.”  He explained.
Clarets placed his hand behind Michael's head and shook him trying to rouse him to consciousness.
“I don't know what they gave him but I don't think he's going to wake up anytime soon.” Clarets said placing Michael back against the tree and stood up.
“Let me.” The old man said as he reached into the pouch he was carrying.  He felt around blindly in the dark for several moments and then pulled his hand out.  He leaned down as close as his feeble spine would allow him and poured a powder out of a smaller sack into the palm of his hand.  He pursed his lips and blew the powder into Michael's face causing Michael to inhale it in.
“Ei-ah-ka-oh.”  The man chanted repeatedly.
Michael began to cough and wheezed to clear his lungs from congestion.  He groaned and reached for his head.  His eyes popped open and he looked up at the two men standing before him.  Slowly he identified one as being the detective Clarets.  Although he had spoken with Clarets frequently he had not seen him for years but he quickly recognized him even through the weak glare of the man's flashlight.
Michael slowly stretched and stood with Clarets assistance.  Michael then gazed upon the elderly man who had only moments before been leaning over him.  The man's hair was long and white, peppered with strands of gray and black.  It had been pulled back and held in place with a band pulled over his head.  His skin was a thick brown, deeply etched from age and years beneath the sun.  His clothes appeared to be made from some kind of animal hide.  The man was old and Michael concluded he must be a Native American.
“Are you okay?”  Clarets asked.
“I think so.” Michael answered shaking his head trying to clear the cobwebs from his mind.
“This is Chesaka.  He's the shaman for the Cherokee Nation.” Clarets introduced.
“Please to meet you sir.” Michael offered out his hand.  As he began to wonder if the man was in some way related to Mindy.
“Thank you.” Chesaka said accepting Michael's hand.  “I am Mindy's grandfather.”
Michael stood there quietly and suddenly realized he didn't know how long he had been unconscious.  He stuck his wrist watch under Clarets flashlight to check the time.  Good, Michael thought, it's still early.
Let's sit down on the wall over there so Chesaka can rest.” Clarets pointed.  “He can rest while he tells you about his granddaughter.
They sat down while Chesaka began the story of how Mindy had been one of the centers but she had become self-centered and had been replaced by Morgan.

John and Bernie entered the clearing where the limestone altar stood.  The others were milling around nervously waiting for them.
“Where's Michael?”  Jackie asked.
“He won't be here tonight.” John answered.  “I felt, and I talked it over with Billy and Zolar, that just the eight of us should be here for this opening.”
“Well what do we do now?” Jackie asked as she lowered herself to the ground.  “We've still got over an hour until midnight.”
John looked around the group, not knowing what to say.
Zolar came to his rescue.  “Since it's the Reverend's opening tonight I would suggest it's his show.  Speculating about what happen last night before my center opened, I think he may have some knowledge to impart upon us.”
“But he's a preacher.”  Billy protested.
“And tonight's center is the spiritual center.” Zolar explained.  “It's opening of the pituitary.”
“Thank you.” Thomas acknowledged Zolar's recommendation.  He had his Bible pulled against his chest as if it gave him the warmth and strength he needed for endurance.  “I believe in the Lord God and if this is to be my fate then I will pray that he gives me the strength and wisdom needed.”
“Wait a second.” Zolar interrupted.  “Last night John and I discovered a drawing and concluded that it was to be here.  That's why John said that he thought that only the eight of us should be here.  There was the red star and a man lying on an altar.  Around the man were seven figures.  Before Thomas starts I think we should assume those positions.”
They looked around at each other as if to ask one another, why not.
“Where do you want us, Zolar?'  Bernie asked.
“Like this.” Zolar began pointing out positions.  “John, lie down on your back on the stone.”
John walked over and sat down.  Feeling somewhat awkward he reclined on the stone.  The hardness of it seemed to fill the contours of his body and had a slight raise at the top that lifted his head like a natural pillow.
“Billy you're next.” Zolar said.  “Since you were the first center and the Solar Plexus, you should be right here.” Zolar pulled Billy around and stood him on John's left side beside his abdomen.
Zolar then walked over to Morgan and guided her to stand on Billy's left.  “Morgan you're next.  The Sexual Center should be right here.”
“Okay, Jackie, you are the Throat Center and although you should have been the fourth center to open, you were third.  Come here and stand on Billy's right side at John's throat.” Jackie stood up and moved to where Zolar had indicated.
As they stood there they felt uncomfortable staring down at John.
“Jamal, you're next.  If you will go around to the other side―You are the Spleen Center and if you will locate yourself at John's midsection.”
Jamal quietly moved around and took the place Zolar had indicated.
“Bernie, you're next as the Heart Center stand to Jamal's left at John's chest.  I'm next as the Intellectual Center.  All right Bernie, no wise cracks.” Zolar said as he stood on John's right side at his face.  Bernie did not comment; he didn't feel like joking for a change.
“Reverend, you're next as the Spiritual Center.  Stand there above John's head.” Zolar pointed.
“This looks about right.” Zolar said looking around at the others.  Their faces were dark with shadows and etched with worry.
“Since we have some time before midnight I think you can sit down.” John suggested.
They all sat down on the ground as John had suggested except Thomas and he remained standing.  He felt energy.  He felt inspired and he had a captured audience.  He felt sure the Lord was ready to guide him.
All of them were quiet for several minutes in anticipation of what Thomas might say.  Although they were of different faiths and beliefs he had been specified the Spiritual Center and they felt whatever he said would be important.
As they waited for him to begin John asked pointing up to the sky.  “Look at that star there above us.  Look how brilliant it seems.  It's red.  Does anybody know what star it is?”
They all looked up.  They easily located the star John was pointing at because it was a brilliant magnitude, shining red, clustered by several fainter stars.
“It's Sirius.” Zolar said.  “It's called the Dog Star.” Zolar's mind reeled.  The Dog Star! The red star he had seen on the chamber's wall had not been the one on the Mill Mountain but had been a real star in the sky.  Dog Star! He felt his heart leap.  The word dog backward was god.  What did it mean?
The Star on Mill Mountain suddenly went black.  Even John could see it with his peripheral vision.
They gasp when it suddenly reappeared shining down in brilliant red.  Each of their minds leaped in surprise.  They became still, staring up at the red omen.
It was Morgan who broke the silence that had fallen on them.  “We were taught, as above, so below.  What happens in the material world also happens in the spiritual world.”
A general uneasiness slowly engulfed the group.  The Reverend Lamb silently whispered a prayer for strength.  When he cleared his throat the group jumped from being startled back from their thoughts.
“Please Lord Help me,” Thomas prayed.  He randomly opened his Bible and shined his flashlight down at the passage John 1 and began to read.
“In the Beginning was the Word, and the word was with God, and the Word was God.
The same was in the beginning with God.
All things were made by him; and without him was not anything made that was made”.
Thomas paused and looked at the group and then continued.
Zolar began to tense.  It was the same passage they had been talking about last night.
“In him was life; and the life was the light of men.
And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.
There was a man sent from God, whose name was John.”
As soon as he read that a wind rushed in on them.  Dust and debris sweep around them causing them to squint.  Their hair blew in disarray.  Thomas squeezed tight onto the Bible he held to keep it from being jerked out of his hands.  The pages were forced to turn and he lost his place.  All of the flashlights went off in unison and then as mysterious as the wind had started it stopped.
Their lights came back on and Thomas gathered his wits and opened his Bible again.  Shining his light down, he looked down at the eighth chapter of Revelations.  He wondered what was going on and hoped this was some sign from the Lord.  He inhaled and started to read but stopped as he stared down at the page.  The words on the page ran together as he watched them.  All of the ink swirled as if the words had come alive.  They joined together in the center of the page in one large black spot and then like liquid began to spread out again reforming words on the page.
In Thomas's mind he heard a voice spewing forth almost like a whisper, and the voice said, “The prophets in the book before you, wrote about their distant future.  Their sight through the miasma of time is often distorted because of their lack of familiarity of the new things they have never before seen.  The truth cannot be written or seen.  The truth is experienced.  Read unto your flock gathered here before you.”
Thomas starred at the words as they reformed on the page.  And the word Revelation had been changed to the word Truth.  He looked down at the eighth chapter and began to read.
“And when the Seventh Angel opened its seal there was a stillness.  Time had ceased to move and seven angels stood before God and each one had a trumpet.  This trumpet was their individual note.
And the first angel sounded his note and man starved in the millions daily while others grew fat from the worship of gold, jewels, cars, homes, and power.  They would come to care for only themselves and the evil within them would make them care not about their own humankind.  Every man will be given a number and this number will be in their hand and in their head.  They will be deceived that this number is good but it is the mark of the beast for they will not be able to buy or sell without it and will be forced to use it to pay great taxes.  This number will be kept in computers and they will have it written down to show those in doubt that the number they use is correct.  This number will be etched in their head, in their memory.  But the day will come when all of the world will have this kind of number.
And the second angel sounded his note and hail and fire fell to the earth in the form of harmful radiation.  Man had destroyed the ozone which had protected him from harmful rays.  And acid rain caused by man’s factories pollutes the ground and a third of all of the trees, and grass was destroyed, and the oxygen in the atmosphere began to thin.  Woman shall in great numbers slay their children the fruit of their womb and man will desert his seed and leave it to starve because he has become self-centered.  Man shall lay down with man and woman shall lay down with woman in great numbers.  And the creation of life would cease.
And the third angel sounded his note and oil tankers caught fire and dumped its black blood into the sea.  And a third of the sea became black with oil and a third of the sea died and the fishes of the sea died and most men cared not.
And the fourth angel sounded his note and a great plague was given unto humankind and this plague was like locusts and this plague was the AIDS virus.  It would not hurt the trees of the earth, nor the grasses, nor the animals but would suffer humankind with great sores taking away his ability to live and make him desire to die.  And man would try to hide from these locusts but this virus would find him.
And a fifth angel sounded his note and nuclear testing of weapons and electrical power sources dispersed into the air and earth, radioactive material and the radiation expelled poisoned a third of all the water, and soil of the earth and the radiation was like wormwood eating away all living manner of flesh, and destroy a third of all trees, and grasses and all living creatures.
And the sixth angel sounded his note and the atmosphere was filled with smog, and soot, and flora carbons and car exhaust, and residuals caused by man's war against himself and this caused the sun, moon and stars to fade and the earth grew warm.
And the seventh angel sounded his note and all time ceased.  A loud thunderous noise was issued from the throne of God and this noise was a word and this word is like none that has ever been spoken before.  There is no written language that can relay the sound of this word.  And this vibration, this word traveled from the throne of God to the edge of the universe and it called for all that existed to return.  This word caused a great star to fall unto the earth and this star was a man and the key to the bottomless pit was given to him.  And the earth left its orbit around its sun and began to move away into the bowels of the void.
And he that did not have God's seal and was no longer in vibration with him, the Creator, would be cast out into the void forever and ever.”
Thomas stopped reading.  His eyes became blurred and his knees became weak.  Those that sat on the ground around him stared up in slow disbelief of what they were hearing.
John knew the time was near when he would be forced to choose for he was the great star and the keys to the bottomless pit were gathered around him.
Mindy had been standing at the darken abyss of the clearing listening to the Reverend.  Her own mind began to wonder what was happening.  Her hand was placed over Sally Ann's mouth so the child would not cry out.
At that moment she heard the sound of footsteps approaching.  She squatted down into the bushes and pulled Sally Ann with her and watched as two dark figures came closer.
“Grandfather!” Her lips cried out in surprise, before she had been able to think enough to stop herself.
Her cry had been heard by the others and all heads turned towards the darkness from which the sound had come.
“Mindy is that you?” Jamal called out, still sitting on the ground where Zolar had placed him.
Mindy stood up pulling Sally Ann with her and moved into the path in front of her Grandfather and Michael.
“Granddaughter, I have come to stop you.  You do not know what you are doing.” He said as he approached her.
Those sitting on the ground stood up but did not approach the group.  John had risen to a sitting position.  Mindy raised her hands up to the cloudless sky just as her Grandfather started to speak again.  A deafening clap of thunder roared at the same instant pale green lighting struck the ground between her and her grandfather.
“I am tired of you old man.  Your powers are as feeble as your body.” She said calmly.  Her face became placid and emotionless but her eyes blazed amber.
Mindy looked down at the child beside her and concluded it was time to take her energy.  She would need the extra life energy of the child to fight her Grandfather.
She began her mental song calling the life force from the child.
In the moment she called forth her song she felt it being returned.  As if it had fallen against a wall and was being bounced back.
With the return of her own energy force she ceased her mental song.  She had experienced some of the pain that she had tried to force upon the child.
Mindy turned to her Grandfather and raised her eyebrows.  “You're more powerful than I thought but you can't stop me.”
Chesaka looked from his Granddaughter to the child in puzzlement.  “I did not stop you.”
“Don't lie to me.” She accused and then reeled around at the group still watching the scene.
She reached out with her mind touching each one of them trying to see if any of them had the power to stop her.  Slowly her mind touched each one of them and found none of them, not even John had the power to stop her.  Then what could have happen? The child should be dead.  It wasn't needed for the opening and she should have easily been able to drain its life energy.
She turned finally towards Michael who was standing behind her Grandfather.  “Was it you?” She asked as she reached out with her mind and sang the song of death.  As her song touched him it slammed back on her hurling her to the ground.  His power was awesome.  She had known that Michael had been one of the original centers but when her song of energy reached out to touch him it was like a magnet repelling itself.
Michael looked down at her, not sure what had happen.  He had felt her energy reach out and when it touched him he felt himself being repelled back, also.
“Enough Mendiceskia!” Her Grandfather ordered.  “You have no idea what is happening.  If you had listen to the lessons as a child and not rebelled, you would understand what is happening.”
He walked over to where Mindy lay and offered his feeble hand to help her.  “Come with me, little one.” He then turned to Michael and Sally Ann.  “Follow me.”
The four of them entered the clearing where the others stared in shocked amazement and horror.  Their faces displayed the confusion they were feeling.
Upon entering the clearing Chesaka turned to Sally Ann.  “It is time for you to show yourself.”
Everyone stared at the little girl wondering what was going on and what did he mean.
Sally Ann’s body began to change and her body reformed into the shape of Becky.  She placed the kitten down and it wandered back to the path.
Reverend Lamb cried out.  “The succubus!”
Zolar turned to John.  “Kumara.”
“Yes it is I.  That which is neither good nor evil.”  She said explaining to them that had not met her.  “I am the living entity of the Earth.  Some say I am Gaia.  I am neither positive nor negative.”
Chesaka interrupted and looked at Michael, Mindy and Kumara.  “There is little time.  You must take your places.”
Mindy opened her mouth to protest but her Grandfather raised his hand and she became still.  Her body was paralyzed where she stood.
“Michael you move there.”  Chesaka pointed.  “And Kumar you stand there.”
Chesaka had formed them into a triangle around the outer edge of the group.  The three stood several feet out from the group.  The seven centers were inside of their triangle and John was in the center.  They all watched Chesaka as he backed out of the clearing.  As he backed he looked directly at John.  “As the seventh path draws the light down from the sky it will be time for you to decide.  It is only your decision and you have been given all that is needed for you to choose.  Your choices are two.  The third one that you see, Kumara, the entity of the sweet mother, is not a choice.  You will only be able to choose from the positive or the negative.”
He turned and walked off into the darkness leaving the others staring silently.
Slowly one by one they turned to face John.  John leaned back and looked up at the red star, Sirius.  His mind flashed upon the past seven days and the words the Reverend had read.  As he stared up a white light fell like liquid bathing the group.
Suddenly a pinkish glow enveloped Billy's body and a brilliant red shot up into the air above him and curved downward and fell on to John.
Morgan was next with a luminous orange that went upward and fell on to John.
Jackie shuttered as her body repeated the same action and yellow was emitted upward only to curve gently down on to John.
Jamal was next with green as the scene began to turn into a rainbow umbrella.
As soon as Jamal’s hue touched John, Bernie burst forth in blue light.  Upward and then curving back falling onto John.
When Zolar burst forth in violet he thought of what the Tibetans had taught him.  This was the Antahkarana, the rainbow bridge.  We are the rainbow bridge!
Thomas wanted to run.  His body shuttered and like fire he burst forth a dark indigo light curving upward, then arching and coming to rest upon John.
As John’s body was bathed in these lights he could no longer be seen.  It was as if his body vanished.
Mindy, Michael and Kumara stood watching.  Mindy fought to unfreeze.  Her mind soared with anger burning with desire to seize the moment.  She reached deep within her own life force and focused it straight up higher than the other’s rays.  Her light was black and as it streamed upward it too curved and fell into the center of the others rays.
At that moment she began to recover her movement.  She was no longer paralyzed.
John lay on the table and had felt his body being washed over when the colorful rays of each center touched his body.  When the seventh had touched him, he felt his body cease to exist and he became pure energy.  His body no longer had mass.  As the experience started to take hold of him suddenly he felt himself being engulfed in blackness.  He felt like he was moving in molasses, while the blackness pulled him into it.  The harder he fought the closer it seemed to be getting.  It was like quicksand.  His mind felt as if it were becoming webbed over.  His body of energy was being pulled backward, being sucked into it.  He was in motion and it was over taking him.  He felt as if he were being crushed.  He was afraid with a devouring fear.
Then in a flash of agonizing pain Mindy screamed, her black ray stopped.  She looked down to see what was causing the pain.  Mindy stared at her leg where the kitten Azid had driven its claws and teeth.  It was hanging on.  All of its small energy was focused into keeping itself embedded into her flesh.
It was in this moment when John felt free of what had been trying to choke his very essence.  When the blackness faded he saw all of the universe.  His mind awoke.  He saw everything that existed in the present and in the past.  He was all.  His first reaction was madness when he saw the distance his body had separated.  He became awake to everything living and non-living.
He saw what he did to himself.  His vision then focalized and he was looking down upon himself as the physical being John.  His body was lying on the stone.  The rays of color bathed his body and beside them was the three that had once been one.
He saw Michael standing still and quiet, calmly waiting for something.  Kumara stood watching and Mindy was staring down at the kitten attached to her leg.
The choice was now before him.  To choose Kumara was not a choice for to choose neutral was to choose nothing.
He stared at Michael.  Michael must be positive.  He represented to goodness of humankind.  If he chose him the universe would collapse from which it came.
Then there was Mindy with her greed for the power of control and her hate of others, not realizing that when she hated them, she hated herself.
John saw the damage he was doing to himself.  In the beginning he had sacrificed himself so he could live.  Now he was destroying himself.  Destroying the world he had created out of his own body.  He had lost the caring of those that no longer cared about their decedents but cared only for themselves.  He had become selfish.
John looked down at Michael and Mindy.  It was then he knew it was time to decide.
He looked down and chose.


CHAPTER 64

“Would one of ya’ll pass some of them butter beans.”  Bernie said drawing out the words in a poor imitation of the Roanoke accent.
“It’s butta beans.”  Jackie said correcting his pathetic attempt.
“Butta beans.”  He repeated.
At that moment a woman came into the hotel’s restaurant pushing a large birthday cake.
The group broke into several rounds of “Happy Birthday to Us.”  They all applauded and cheered.
Jamal sat back in the dining room chair staring across the table at Mindy.  He wasn’t sure what to think now.
“What’s the matter Billy are you feeling left out?”  Zolar asked.
Billy looked up with a sheepish shit eating grin on his face and mumbled, “It’s my birthday too.”
“What?”  Zolar asked rhetorically.  “Hey everybody, listen up!  Today’s Billy’s birthday.  Who would have thought it?” 
“Happy Birthday! Billy.”  They yelled and fell into the birthday song again.
Even Thomas joined the camaraderie.  He felt the elation the others had been feeling.  The past week had paid its toll on all of their nerves and they were ready to let off a little steam.
“Hey everybody here comes Billy's favorite drink.” Jackie said.
“Vodka, tonic with a twist of lime.” Several of them chorused in.
Billy almost giggled but caught himself from such an unmanly act and gave a loud guffaw instead.
Michael stood up.  “Ladies and gentleman, let's have a toast.”
“A toast,” Bernie said rising to his feet.
The rest of them stood.
“Billy are you old enough to drink, or should we order him a Shirley Temple?” Morgan asked.
The others laughed.
“Yeah, finally.” He answered and scrunched up his face at her.
“I would like to propose a toast to John.” Michael began.  “To the man that made this day possible….”
“To John,” Morgan said.  “A great lover.”
“To John, a true friend.”  Billy said.
“To John,” Zolar lifted his glass.  “Too bad he couldn't be here.”
“We've all got to go sometime.” Bernie interjected clinking glasses with Jackie and leaned down and kissed her.
“Somebody get a bucket of water.”  Zolar called out.
“To bad John's got to miss this party.” Kumara smiled broadly in her Becky form.  “Thomas why don't you and I get together later for a little religious discussion?”
Thomas sputtered for a few moments and then finally said with half a smile.  “Let me think about it.”
“To John,” Jamal lifted his glass of vodka and sipped.  “And I would like to make another toast.” He petted the kitten Azid under the chin.  “To Azid, savior of the universe.”
The other's lifted their glasses and joined in the toast.  “To Azid,” They repeated.
Every head turned to look at Mindy.
“What?” She said.  “Did I put my make up on wrong, or something? What do you expect? I'm just getting use to this body and I'm not sure I even like it.”
“Hey, it's hard for me to get use to you.” Jamal said.  “There's no damn way I'm going to call you Azid.”
“You better stick to Mindy.” Morgan said.  “At least she had identification and from the way she spent money, she must have had a good bank account to.”
“Azid.” Chesaka said very seriously.  “Mindy has plenty of money.  But I would like to add that I would be honored to call you granddaughter.”
The others broke into roaring laughter.  They laughed so hard some of them began to cough.
As the laughter died down, Thomas joined into the humor.  “Azid,” he said, “at least you didn't have to go to Sweden.”
Again they broke into laughter.  Not so much at Azid but at Thomas's attempt at humor.
A waiter came in carrying a phone and walked up to Michael.  “Sir, I'm sorry to interrupt you but you have a phone call, he said it was important.”
Michael took the phone offered.
“Hello.”  He said into the receiver.
“I glad to hear you made it there okay.”
“Sure, I'll tell them.  By the way you're missing a fun birthday party.” He paused.  “Don't worry so much.  I'll make all of the arrangements.”
Michael hung up the phone.  They were looking at him in curiosity.
“He made it back to New York okay.  He wants us all to get together to discuss this as soon as everybody has some free time.”
“I know I've got to be back to the ship day after tomorrow.” Jackie sighed.  “When does your leave run out Billy?”
“Day after tomorrow.” He answered looking around the table.  “I'm going to miss all of you.  I feel like I've know you all my life.”
“Which life?” Bernie asked.  “This one or the few million lives before?”
“Oh Morgan.” Michael looked over at her.  “John said he will meet you at the Castleton before you go back to work.”
“Sounds fine.” Morgan said rather unenthusiastically and reached over under the table and rubbed Billy's leg from his knee up to his crotch.
Billy's eyes widened and he almost choked but he didn't say anything.
“Too bad he had to go back to Governors Island to iron out some more problems with the Coast Guard.” Thomas said.
“That's government bureaucracy for you.” Jackie nodded.
“Well I've got to be getting back to work too.” Bernie said.
“Oh?” Jackie raised her eyebrows.  “I had been wondering how a heart surgeon could take so much time off?”
He grinned.  “I just got the job and start on the 5th of July.”
“Well I don't have to be anywhere until the end of August.” Zolar said leaning back in his chair and putting his hands behind his head.
“Professors!” Jackie said rolling her eyes.  “We get thirty days a year in the Coast Guard but you get all summer.”
“Yeah but we don't get paid for it.”  Zolar protested.
“I'll trade you salaries.” Billy volunteered and chuckled.
“Thomas, how about you?”  Morgan asked.
He inhaled and thought for a moment.  “Well, I guess I'll go back to my church but I've got a lot of rethinking to do.”
“Jackie,” Bernie said, “can I continue to see you?”
“You better.” She leaned over and kissed him which brought some hoots from the others.
“I've made flight reservations for everyone that needed it.” Michael said and then turned to Kumara.  “We don't know when or where we will meet you.  You seem to turn up just about anywhere.”
“You never know Michael, you never know.”  She said.
“There's just one more thing I want to know.” Michael paused for everyone's attention.
They all became quiet and waited for him to speak.
“What I want to know is there any way we can get Rudy out of hell?”
Morgan cleared her throat and spoke.  “I have a question for you.  Where did Mindy go?”
They each looked at each other none knowing the answer.


CHAPTER 65

John closed the hotel door a little harder than he had anticipated.  Its sound made his tired nerves jump.  He flipped on the light, walked into the room and tossed his briefcase on the bed.
At least they hadn't given him the same room as the one he had before.  Too much had happen in this hotel and he wished he had stayed somewhere else but that hadn't been very practical.  When the others arrived back in New York it would be easier for them to find him here.
Michael had made him promise when he got back that he would stay with him at his uptown house.  He told him he would for a few days but he needed to get back to Florida soon, he had been away too long.
John flopped down in an arm chair.  He was to wound up, to do anything else and too tired to sleep.
He stared at the textured wallpaper thinking about what had happen.  He ran his hand through his hair and felt the sweat and oil lying thick around the follicles.
What had gone wrong? He had been above his body looking down and had made his choice.  He couldn't figure out what had happen.  By all rights he should be dead.
He shrugged and rubbed his tired eyes.  His mind was so fatigued he couldn't remember when he had last slept.
When he had returned to the Hotel Roanoke he had felt relief to find that the Coast Guard had called and left a message.  They said they had just a few minor details and they would sign the proposal.  He was glad they called.  He wasn't ready to talk to the others about what had taken place.
He shook his head.  He just couldn't figure out why the world was still here.  After everything Lamb had read to them last night his choice had seemed clear.
The world and all people just didn't seem to be worth saving.  Not just worth saving, he thought, it didn't seem possible that all the problems that exist could be corrected.
He had chosen Michael, figuring that he was the good and that the universe should collapse and start again.  He had felt certain it was right.
Then why were they still here? John leaned his head back in the chair and stared up at the ceiling.  He blinked several times in succession trying to ease their sting.
Had he been wrong to assume good wanted everything to start over? He just didn't know.  What was he to do now?
Maybe they were supposed to work to correct the problems? Could that possibly be the answer?
When he had been expanded to the complete God consciousness, when he was aware of everything that existed, he thought he was going crazy.  The fragmentation of seeing everything which exists for all of eternity had been overwhelming.
He looked down at his hand and clinched it into a tight fist.  He could feel the power he now had and it scared him.  It was like everything that existed was part of his body and it responded the way his hand did.  As if it was automatic.
He stared at the pack of Camel cigarettes he had bought in the airport.  He didn't smoke but he had this peculiar craving that made him purchase them.
The pack of cigarettes lifted into the air as John gazed at them and floated within John's grasp.  One cigarette worked its way out of the pack and toward John's lips.  The pack returned to the table where they had been before.
As John sat there with the cigarette between his lips, it lit itself.  He inhaled deeply from its non-filter and exhaled.  Reaching up to retrieve it between his fingers, he stared down at the glowing ash.  He pursed his lips and spit out a small sliver of tobacco from his tongue.  Why was he smoking? He inhaled again feeling the nicotine soar into his blood stream taking the bite off of his tired raw nerves.
“Thank you God for this cigarette.” He half joked aloud.  “This is my Body, this is my Blood.”
                                            Ѭ 
Ѿ



NOTE FROM AUTHOR:  I call this chapter 66…some may know why.  Probably not worth the extra scrolling to read this.  Hope you managed to finish The Seventh Chakra and enjoyed it.  

I tried to publish this book many years ago, the old way.  This book was written in 1992, along with a few others.  I really tried to get it published then but had little to no luck.  
I came close but you know what they say about close.  That’s another book unto itself.  The original title was: “WAITING FOR THE MESSIAH:  THE CHAKRA CENTERS” then I changed it, after the advice of an agent, who suggested the title; THE AVATAR.  Obviously, I could no longer keep that title.  It’s been over used.  LOL  
Most of my many rejections were: It’s not “politically correct,” or sacrilegious, or I was trying to start a new religion.  Any similarity to anyone living or dead was an accident.  
I stuck it on a shelf for years.  And finally decided with the help of a scanner I would revive some life energy into it.  Scanners are like people interpret things they want not the way it is.  Must be perspective…grin.
I caught quite a few errors in the doing, and made a couple changes for grammar’s sake.  I had some problems with organizing the bulk of it back into cohesive sense.  Pages were stuck together, chapters duplicated.  I hope I got it all.  Obviously sites and phones have changed, and then there is GPS now.  This book is not intended for those with strong religious beliefs or those under 17.  If I offended you in any way I apologize.  It’s just a book.  Get over it.  If you read this I hope you enjoyed.  I know there are lots of errors.  I have read and read it.  Each time something smacks me in the face.  It hasn’t drawn much attention, although I have sold and given away a few.  Twenty years ago was when it had its power.  Now it is just a watered down mishmash.  
I have had several positives remarks.  “I liked it…or good book…but…lots of errors…hundreds of errors…so bad I had trouble finishing it...”  Negative remarks usually don’t draw enough effort to tell me about them.  Believe me if I could afford it I would get a ‘real’ book doctor to work on it but I have also come to the conclusion it wasn’t the “MASTERPIECE” my mind convinced me it to be.
Now, if you want to be a writer in digital print, chance is you may make a few bucks a month and I mean very few.  Don’t do it for the money.  Let me say it’s a thrill to know somebody liked it or hated it.  It’s a bragging right.
I was stationed on Governors Island when I started writing this book, by hand.  My wife and family were in South Florida and I would go to the ‘club’ and drink at night.  That got old fast after staggering back to the barracks a ‘few’ nights.  Anyway, sitting in a room alone at night I wrote or should I say scribbled.  My handwriting is so bad teachers used to give me the “special” books for practice.  They hated me.  The Seventh Chakra took me a year and a half to write.  Believe it or not I had an agent then.  She was really great.  Her name was Pamela Paris.  I’m not sure if that name was a pseudo name or not; she tried hard to help and gave lots of advice.  But as for the errors, I keep plugging away.  So even if you want to rub my nose in the errors, tell me it sucked or whatever I truly would like to hear from you.  How about the philosophy of the book?  What did you think?  Any comments?  
Questions or corrections send to:  Casper639@aol.com

