


THE REVERSE BIRTH TRILOGY

by

Benjamin Broke


Copyright 2021 Benjamin Broke

Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination. References in this ebook to public figures, brand names, or cultural products are made satirically. Any other resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

Text copyright 2021 ~ Benjamin Broke

Benny Broke’s website

Cover artwork by Katie Kaplan

Katie Kaplan’s website

Thank you for your support!
Table of Contents

Book One — The Battle Against False Consciousness in the Age of Moloch
Book Two — Notes from the Gnarling Nowhere
Book Three — The Guerrilla Soldier’s Field Manual for Superdimensional Combat
About Benjamin Broke
Contact Benjamin Broke
Also by Benjamin Broke



BOOK ONE

The Battle Against False Consciousness in the Age of Moloch



1
July 21, 2015
“Our top story this morning is hurricane Evan, which is expected to make landfall sometime this morning in the Florida Keys. Experts upgraded Evan to a category four hurricane last night, and it’s expected to cause major problems across at least six states. Today Show correspondent Serena Michaels is in Florida to report on the storm and she joins us now from Miami Beach. Serena?”
“Thanks Beverly, yes, residents have been evacuated from coastal areas because of what’s supposed to be a record-breaking storm surge. Right now, as you can see, the winds are very strong. Wind gusts of a hundred and forty miles per hour have been reported in the Bahamas.”
“The wind looks very intense Serena, are you sure you and your crew are safe?”
“I believe we are Beverly. It’s gotten worse just in the last ten minutes, but when we first arrived, it wasn’t raining at all. We got here at around four in the morning during a very unusual electrical storm which was unlike anything I’ve ever experienced before.”
“Can you describe what it was like?”
“I’m sorry Beverly, I didn’t quite get that…”
“Can you describe the electrical storm?”
“Oh, yes. The lightning was almost constant. We didn’t even have to turn on our lights to set up. The electrical activity in the clouds created a sort of pale blue haze. And the sound —it’s difficult to describe. There were thunderclaps, but also this low hum that sounded like voices. I had our sound engineer record some of it because it was so unusual… It was a demonic sound.”
“I’m sorry Serena, your feed is a bit garbled. Did you say demonic?”
“Yes it sounded demonic. I believe it was a warning from an angry dimension. I… I can’t explain it. I think — arr — inspire — ex—al — ist…”
“We seem to have a bad connection Serena, can you hear me?”

The image froze, stuttered, then came back pixilated and froze again with Serena Michaels farther back from the camera. The last frozen image was of Serena Michaels, out over the ocean, arms and legs splayed. She stood out from the dark clouds in the background because her whole body was illuminated, lit up from within by a bright blue light.
The screen went black.

Smik knew that this was the new-product launch he’d been promised, but it was not at all what he’d expected. The last time he’d been told to watch the news on a Tuesday morning for a new-product launch had been on September 11, 2001. This was different, subtler, certainly, but also targeted to a different part of the brain. This was not a political or social agenda being launched, it was not a new phase in consumer conditioning, or an attempt to produce mass PTSD. It didn’t even seem like a whole op yet, more like phase one, or some kind of preamble to the actual event.
Smik sipped his coffee and thought.
On the TV, the news anchors expressed concern for the safety of Serena Michaels and her crew. Beverly promised that they would regain communication with the team to make sure everyone was okay, and that they would have an update after the commercial break. Smik noted that the spiritual ascension of Serena Michaels was brought to the public by Cialis and the Cancer Treatment Centers of America. He opened his phone and looked at Reddit. By the end of the commercial break, there was already a clip being shared. Serena Michaels was shining bright out over the thrashing ocean in front of the dark clouds of hurricane Evan. The first comment below the video contained one word: ALIENS.



2
Alicia Sche was in a faded row-house in Pittsburgh. She sat on an old couch across from Tasha Pollan and her husband Bill. Tasha’s eyes were red and she occasionally dabbed at them with a crumpled tissue. Bill sat next to her with his arms crossed, radiating hostility toward Alicia.
Alicia addressed Tasha, the mother, and ignored the stepfather. “Your son’s not coming back. There will be a lot of interest in who he was and what kind of family he came from. I’m here to help you present a united front and show Dee in the best possible light. There will be kids across the country who will instinctively identify with Dee. That kind of rapid identification is a very powerful thing. It’s very valuable. Do you follow me?”
She nodded.
“I still want to know who sent you.” The stepfather said. “You haven’t told us what your interest in all this is.”
“I understand your suspicion, it makes sense.” Alicia said. “There will be a lot of people who want something from you —the police, the DA, community leaders, lawyers— but I don’t want anything from you at all. In fact, I want to give you something. In this time of grief and suffering, the last thing you should have to worry about is money.”
“The Reverend warned us about you.” Bill Pollan said. “We’re not gonna sign away our right to sue anybody. No way. And it isn’t about the money either, that cop shot Dee for nothing —just shot him dead…”
Dee’s mother sobbed into her wad of tissues.
“Nobody warned you about me.” Alicia said. “ And I don’t want you to sign anything. Do you know why Reverend Sharpton contacted you?”
“Because he wants the world to know what that fuckin’ pig did to Dee…”
Tasha gave her husband a stern look. She didn’t like that kind of language.
“Bill, you’re absolutely wrong.” Alicia said. “What happened to Dee is about to be the biggest news story in the country, and Sharpton wants to be a part of it. I’m not saying he’s not trying to do good, and I’m not saying that he won’t actually do some good, I’m just saying that the reason he’s here isn’t because of the injustice that was done to Dee. He’s here because of the attention that injustice will receive. Dee’s murder will be all anyone talks about for three weeks or so, and then it’ll be over. The news crews will leave and so will the Reverend, and the protestors and supporters will go on to the next outrage, and where will you be? Dee will still be dead. I’m asking you to separate Dee’s murder from all the media attention surrounding it. They’re two very different things. I know you would never feel right profiting from your son’s murder, but profiting from a media circus? There’s no shame in that. Those news crews outside your door represent media conglomerates that make billions of dollars hawking toothpaste and insurance. Viacom is going to make money from Dee’s murder. AOL-Time Warner is going to make money from Dee’s murder. The only question is whether you, Dee’s family, will see any of that money.”
Alicia sensed that they were hooked. It was time to bring out the photos. She opened the envelope and took out four eight-by-ten glossy pictures of Dee Henry, culled from Facebook and the cell phones of Dee and his circle of friends. Each photo had been digitally manipulated. She spread them out on the coffee table in front of the grieving mother and her husband. “Today, the news media will show a photograph of Dee, and that photo will appear across all the major networks. You, as Dee’s family, have a huge influence on which photo of Dee is chosen. If you choose one of these photos, I’ll transfer a large sum of money into your bank account.”
“How much money?” Bill asked.
“One hundred and fifty thousand dollars.” Alicia said. Tasha and Bill looked at each other for a moment. “On the condition that you never tell anyone where you got the money. Understand?”
The couple looked at Alicia and then back down at the photographs on the table: Dee Henry in a kitchen, smiling, wearing a t-shirt with ‘Abercrombie’ emblazoned across the chest; Dee sitting at a desk in front of a computer, wearing Beats by Dre headphones; Dee laughing in a McDonald’s parking lot, with the golden arches partially visible in the background; and Dee looking proud, leaning back against a brand new Hyundai Veloster. “These are all nice pictures.” Bill said. “But if it’s worth a hundred and fifty thousand, maybe it’s worth two hundred and fifty.”
Tasha didn’t say a word.
Alicia sighed. “I could go as high as a hundred eighty, but that’s the limit.” She said.
Tasha picked up the photo of Dee in the McDonalds parking lot. “I like this one.” She said. “You can see how innocent he is. You can see it in his eyes.”

Alicia’s work phone had been buzzing throughout the meeting, and she was glad to get out of there and into her rented black Dodge so she could see what was so important. Del had called five times in the last twenty minutes. She knew it wouldn’t be good news. “The Dee Henry story is losing market share.” He said. “Apparently a news anchor from The Today Show disappeared while reporting on hurricane Evan in Florida. It’s getting 27% across the board. It happened on-air, she just vanished off the beach, and the video of it has gone viral. The Pittsburgh story is down to 4%.”
“I just committed to paying the family $180,000! This is going to fuck up my commission. Who’s the anchor?”
“Serena Michaels.” Del said.
“At least it’s not someone with name recognition. Was she washed out to sea?”
“Who knows.” He said. “You should watch the video for yourself.”
“So the Dee Henry story has to compete with this freak organic?”
“I’m not sure how ‘organic’ it really is.” He said.
“Okay, get me the stress matrices for Pittsburgh, I’m going to stay here and try to salvage our investment. Keep me updated on the reporter.” Alicia ended the call. She wondered if a hundred and eighty thousand dollars was enough to buy a house in Pittsburgh. The row houses on Dee Henry’s street didn’t look like they were worth ten.

Her suite on the 27th floor of the Hilton Hotel in downtown Pittsburgh had a view of Point State Park. It was where the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers met and formed the Ohio —a place of natural significance on the map. Alicia looked out at the view as she called Charles Tahomi, the senior Human Resources agent in the area. She’d worked with him five years before on a regional expectation-lowering operation, along with HR agents in Cleveland, Columbus and Baltimore, and she remembered him as being competent in a non-assuming way. He told Alicia he didn’t want to do any work on cellphones. “We’ve got a scanner cadre monitoring communication in the area right now.” He said. “They’re good kids, but I don’t want them to think they know something they shouldn’t. That’s how people get ideas.”
Like most Industrial agents, his age was hard to pin down, he looked forty-five but that meant he was probably in his sixties. He came into her suite smiling at her like he knew she was in the weeds. “They could warn us, right? When they’re about to do something big?” He shook his head. “I don’t know how many times some Imposter business fucked up one of my projects. What do they care, right?”
“That’s why they’re anonymous.” Alicia said. “Because if we knew who they were, we might kill the fuckers. Come sit down. I’m shopping for ingredients.”
He sat down beside her and looked at the stress matrix she had up on the screen of her Industry laptop. He knew immediately what she was trying to do.
Tahomi identified seven points of possible failure —all male. Four of the men were in the Homewood section of Pittsburgh’s east-end. They were PCs, Potentially Caustic, subcategorized as Borderline, meaning they were likely to snap and do something violent. Borderline PCs almost always wound up incarcerated unless there was a person in their lives who could tamp down their worst impulses. The tamper was usually a wife, girlfriend, or close family member, so all Tahomi had to do was to make sure that the tampers were out of the way at the right moment.
Two of the tampers worked as nurses for the satanic soul-harvesting mega conglomerate UPMC, so their shifts were easily manipulated. One had a warrant for unpaid tickets, so she could just be arrested. The last was a Lyft driver, and could be lured away at any time necessary. “What’s your timeframe?” Tahomi asked.
“There’s a rally scheduled for tomorrow.” Alicia said.
“Yeah but this Serena Michaels thing could be a problem.” Tahomi said. “What if her body turns up? Can’t we get some kind of rough timeframe before we move forward?”
“You’re right.” Alicia said. She picked up her Industry phone and called a friend. “Herman, that was a nice gag you guys put on TV this morning. I saw David Copperfield do the same thing at the Pantages Theatre when I was a kid. A little advanced notice would’ve been nice though —you fucked up a play on my end.”
“That wasn’t us.” Herman said. “I’ve been trying to source the op all day and I’ve come up with jack-shit.”
“Uh-huh. When you’re ready to have a real conversation call me back. I’m here in Pittsburgh.”
“You still capitalizing on police aggression? You people don’t even care about maintaining white supremacy do you? As long as there’s a commission to be had…”
“Yeah fuck you too. All I need is an ETA on the corpse.”
“I’m telling you, I know nothing about it.” Herman said. “I can’t give you anything.”
“Okay, okay, you know nothing,” Alicia said, “Thanks for that.” She ended the call and leaned back on the sofa. “I can usually tell when he’s lying.” She said to Tahomi.
“And?”
“I don’t know this time.” She said.
“What division is he?”
“Oblique Strategies.” She said. “There’s some overlap with the consumer conditioning programs, so he probably would’ve tipped his hand if they were behind it. I guess that just leaves the occult side.”
“That tells us something.” Tahomi said. “If it’s an occult op, she’ll probably stay gone forever. If it was another nationally televised human sacrifice ritual, why create such a weird scenario? They wouldn’t go to all that trouble and then have her body float in on the tide. Experts would just explain it away —cause of death drowning, or lightning strike. An improbable accident, but hardly supernatural.”
Alicia thought for a moment. “Let’s do it.” She said finally. “You make sure all the borderline cases are at that rally, I’ll make sure the exact wrong police officers are assigned to keep the peace.”
Tahomi smiled at her. “I’ve never started a riot before.” He said. “This’ll be fun.”



3
On the morning that the Today Show reporter disappeared, Smik was notified that two artists in overlapping surrogate familial pods had been together at a housewarming party in Barelas. Smik had specifically set up a flag to notify him if they ever met, because together they could pose a local threat to Industrial programs. Their phones had been in the same part of the living room for over an hour. The sound records were muffled and incomprehensible due to background noise, but it was clear that the two men had met and talked with each other.
It had only been a matter of time. Both of them were homosexuals and both were dangerously unafraid of economic hardship. One was Herman Castillo, a 25-year-old writer, and the other was Arthur Emanuel Noone, a 36-year-old failed actor who ran a struggling theater group. If the two of them began working together, they could make people laugh at things that were supposed to cause fear or notice things that were supposed to be invisible —inconsistencies, hypocrisies, corruption.
Most HR agents would’ve let it play out and dealt with the aftermath, but Smik didn’t like to react when it came to his social pods. He liked to be five moves ahead at all times.
 He wasn’t about to let some brave new cultural work flourish under his watch. He’d seen HR agents lose control in as little as two months when musicians, writers, or visual artists got together. There was a multiplier effect when creative people collaborated.
The Castillo-Noone friendship was a problem, but a writer and a theater director were useful tools to have —and Smik didn’t want to simply liquidate one of them. He decided instead to take action that would blunt the force of any work they produced together.
They were in different social pods but there were a few points of overlap. Smik focused on a gay couple with multiple connections in both pods. Their names were Lenny Klinger and Michael Loek, and unlike Castillo and Noone, neither one of them was of any value whatsoever to Smik.
Lenny, age 34, was a marketing associate at Yoniyum Craft Brewery. Michael, Lenny’s boyfriend, was what HR agents called a ‘barely-there,’ meaning his core identity shifted with whatever social context he found himself in. He was a 27-year-old Hospitality Associate at the Beckin Hotel. Lenny and Michael had been a couple for nine and a half months. Michael’s shifting identity made him particularly attractive to a narcissist like Lenny, and it also made him a perfect candidate for Smik’s plans.
A murder-suicide in their midst would cast a pall over anything that Castillo and Noone did together. Maybe they would collaborate on a play, a film, or some kind of performance art piece, but if it was joyful, anarchic, or happily perverse, the shocking tragedy in their circle would make the whole thing ring false. It would alter their worldview enough to suck the joy out of the project and render it impotent of psychic energy.
Smik put in an order at the chem lab in Costa Mesa: Idilitrine, 25 MG —the Industrial brand name for Methylenedioxytetrafluoxeamphetimine. It had been synthesized to produce extravagant suicidal action, and usually drove the subject to take out as many people as possible on their way out. In close quarters, it was a murder/suicide potion and its efficacy rate rose to 87% when there was a gun nearby. Smik checked the files but found that no one in their surrogate familial pod was a gun-owner. Fucking liberals, Smik thought.
He needed a stage where his two players would be in close proximity to the crucial prop —preferably something with a high likelihood of causing death, like a nine-millimeter.
He immediately thought of George McCandless’s place up in Taos. George was Industry but on the occult side, and far enough up the pyramid to have amassed a small fortune as an ‘influencer’ of very powerful people. How much his ‘influence’ had to do with his Industry connections versus his network of informers in the underground circuit was unclear. In any case, he was Smik’s closest connection to the gay community in Albuquerque.
“Smik, how’s your mother’s back doing? Have you called her lately?” He asked. George was the kind of person who remembered details like that, even though Smik had only talked with him maybe twice in the last five years.
“Her back doesn’t bother her anymore.” Smik said. “In fact, all her troubles are over. And no, I haven’t called her in awhile.”
“Oh, I’m sorry!” George said, sounding exactly like a sincere person. “When did it happen?”
“Last year.” Smik said.
“All men go to pieces when their mothers die.” George said. “It doesn’t matter what the relationship was like.”
“Hmm. Listen I need a favor George. Do you still have that place in Taos?”
“Yes.”
“There’s a gay couple that I’d like you to have up there as soon as possible. I don’t think you know them, but you know people who know them. See if you can get them up there for the weekend.”
“You want me to host?”
“No, they should be alone.” Smik said.
“That shouldn’t be a problem, what’s the idea?”
“I’ll arrange for there to be a handgun in the house, and I’d like you to specifically mention it to them. Tell them you’re having problems with raccoons or something. Just be sure they know it’s there.”
“This sounds like it could get messy.” He said. “I hope the pay-scale reflects the inconvenience of having bloodshed in my vacation home.”
“It will.” Smik said.
“Then it’s no problem on my end, just send the information.” George said. “Did you hear the one about the local girl who was abducted by aliens on live TV?”
“Was she a local girl?” Smik asked.
“You’re the HR agent, don’t you know? She was raised by those earth-mother dykes out in Marbella. Her real name is Mann.”
“Sarah Mann? Daughter of Minnie Corvelli?”
“That’s her.” George said. “She’s a product of the Kibele Academy. You remember her?”
“Sure.” Smik said. “But she never went through the Academy schools. I think she went back east for college and never came home. She’s not even a Kibelian.”
“Well what do you make of it boychick? Was it a consumer conditioning gag? The Obliques?”
“Could be, but I was thinking it originated from your side. Aren’t you guys always talking about bringing awe and wonder back to the world?”
“Nobody I know will give me so much as a wink on this thing.” George said. “You think she’ll turn up? Or is she working her way through the intestines of a reef shark by now?”
“She’ll turn up.” Smik said. “You gotta figure a gag like that is going to have a beginning, middle, and end.”



4
No one died, but the rioters did over seventeen million dollars in damage. They burned a Family Dollar, part of an apartment building, and an auto-body shop. They also did severe damage to three police cars which had been left unattended in the middle of the crowd for just that purpose. The auto-body shop seemed suspicious to Alicia, and she figured the owners were using the riots as an excuse to cash an insurance policy. The pretty pictures of angry youths torching police cars sent the Pittsburgh story’s market share up, and the picture of Dee Henry Loving-It in the McDonald’s parking lot was thoroughly tattooed on the consciousness of every television consumer in America.
Alicia’s commission was safe.
She lounged on the sofa in her suite, sipped a vodka on ice, and looked at news stories about the Pittsburgh riots on her phone. The sun was going down and she was starting to feel restless. She knew she would have to find a distraction for the evening. She got onto her Industry laptop, opened the HR files for Allegheny County, and went to the carnal appetites database. She filtered out women, married men, gay men, submissive men, and those over sixty and under thirty. She was left with 14,378 names. She filtered out those who did not have a Tinder account and was left with 1,268 men. She filtered out men over 200 lbs. and under 165 lbs. and then she filtered out all Caucasians, and people who were in any way religious. She was left with 141 men, mostly black. She pulled up drivers license photos and scrolled through, eliminating men based on their eyes. She was left with 12. From there, she pulled up pornography search histories, and started eliminating men who had recently searched for anything incest related, involving piss or shit, or anything to do with ‘teens.’
That left four men.
One of the men was working a late shift, so she texted each of the three remaining men: Hey remember me? We met last month at that thing.
Then she sent a selfie, flirty but not blatant, and the message: I was wondering if you’d want to meet me downtown for a drink?
Right away she got back a text from a man named Lon: What thing??? I don’t remember meeting you.
Alicia groaned. She sipped her drink and waited. Lon texted again: I really think I’d remember you. Was it at Blush?
Alicia searched ‘Blush Pittsburgh’ and, as suspected, it was a strip club. She blocked Lon’s number. Right as she was setting her phone down, it buzzed again with a new message. It was from a guy named Tim asking where and when she wanted to meet.
Alicia texted back that she had a room at the Hilton, so they could meet at the bar downstairs. He agreed.
Alicia finished her drink and went to the bathroom to fix herself up.

At around four in the morning, Alicia woke to an empty bed. She reached  down for the heavier blanket, cold from the air conditioning, and noticed that Tim’s pants were still on the floor. She sat up and looked around the room but didn’t see him. He must be in the bathroom, she thought, but he wasn’t making a sound in there. She got out of bed and pulled on her underwear and a t-shirt.
She knocked on the bathroom door but there was no answer. When she opened it, she found him sitting on the closed toilet in his boxer shorts, slumped over with his head almost to his knees. She immediately recognized the position as an opioid slumber. She put her hand on his shoulder but he didn’t move. She shook him softly, then a bit harder. “Hey Tim,” she said, “time to wake up.”
“Huh?” He opened his eyes and looked at her.
“Yeah.” She said. “Time to go. I don’t like dope in my room.”
“I just snorted a little.” He said. “I wasn’t shooting it. It was stronger than I thought.”
“Get your pants on, it’s time for you to get going.”
“Can’t I crash here?”
“No.” Alicia said. She pulled him to his feet and gave him a slight shove toward the bathroom door.
“What the fuck!” He said. He went out and found his pants on the floor by the bed. Alicia stood by the open bathroom door and watched him tie his shoelaces so slowly it was ridiculous. When he was done, he looked at her with his upper lip curled. “You’re an ice cold bitch, turning me out in the middle of the night like this.”
“You’re a big boy, you’ll be able to find your way home.” She said.
He grumbled some more and left without saying goodbye. Alicia went back into the bathroom and pulled a ripped stamp bag from the waste basket. There was a blue stamp of Colonel Sanders on the little brown envelope. She smiled. She’d been there at the beginning of the campaign. Her mentor Talia, one of the only other women in the Asymmetrical Marketing division, had cooked up the scheme back in the late eighties, branding sheets of acid with the logos of luxury goods, a hundred little advertisements that could take the lid off your brain and let the world pour in whether you were ready for it or not. It went from there to other brand names and other substances. The significance of a brand or a logo was brittle and thin, and anytime it was connected with something real and functional, like a bag of heroin or a hit of acid, it imbued that brand forever with some mythic power in the user’s subconscious. Alicia had brought up the sales of the Mitsubishi Motors Corporation by 12% among users of ecstasy back in the mid-nineties. She wondered which agent was behind the stamp bag campaign, or if it was just copycats.
She dropped it in the toilet and flushed. Before she got back in bed, she saw a text from Del: Watch the news tomorrow at noon.
What now, she thought, as she pulled the heavier blankets up over her. She let herself fall into a deep sleep.

She got back from her trip to Starbucks carrying a venti soy latte at 11:53 AM. She turned the TV on and sat on the edge of the bed, flipping through the channels until she came to CNN. She smiled when she saw that they were still talking about Dee Henry and the Pittsburgh riots. She drank her coffee and watched as 12:00 came and went. She was about to call Del and find out what he’d wanted her to see when they came back from commercial with a fresh chyron that read: MISSING REPORTER FOUND ALIVE IN FLORIDA. Alicia put it on mute and called Del. “Am I being brought in on this Serena Michaels op?” She asked.
“I believe so.” He said. “I’m supposed to ask you if you’re familiar with the Kibele Academy.”
“I know a little.” She said. “I thought they’d pretty much become irrelevant after they got all that bad press back in the eighties.”
Alicia sipped her coffee and watched the talking heads silently move their mouths as Del answered. “No, they’re still pretty powerful.” He said. “It slowed their growth a bit, but the core group remained intact. It’s a secret society that actually maintains some semblance of secrecy.”
“Yeah, I knew there were still members around, especially out west. What does it have to do with the Michaels op?”
“She has family ties to the Kibelians.” Del said. The text underneath the CNN anchor conveyed the scant facts available: WOMAN POSITIVELY IDENTIFIED AS SERENA MICHAELS ADMITTED TO FLA HOSPITAL, and, MICHAELS DISORIENTED AND REPORTEDLY SUFFERING MEMORY LOSS.
“It’s wonderful, really, and I’m sure the consumers are riveted, but I don’t see how the situation could be useful to us. No one is identifying with Serena Michaels. That’s why they’re interested. Her experience is unlike anything anyone has ever been through. It’s not going to sell fast food.”
“You’re not using her to sell a product,” Del said, “she’s the product. You have to sell her.”
“Why?”
“That’s a good question, but you’d have to know some pretty elaborate handshakes to get the answer.” Del said.
“Okay then…” Alicia said. “But Jesus, why didn’t they bring me in from the beginning? I could’ve designed the thing from the ground up. Here I am, coming in in the middle of act two trying to twist the situation to god-knows what end. It feels like I’m on cleanup duty.”
“Be that as it may, you’re supposed to fly to Albuquerque.”
“Albuquerque?”
“That’s where she’s going after she leaves the hospital.” He said. “She has family out there. You’ll be working with the local HR agent.”
“Okay, send me the contact information.” She said.
“I will.” He said. “And I’ll also send you our Kibele files. I suggest you do some research on the plane. It should be a solid four-hour flight.”
When she ended the call and took the TV off mute, there was a press conference going on. A doctor, identified on screen as Dr. Maria Rago, was finishing her statement which seemed to be that Serena Michaels was healthy, all things considered. She introduced a man named Robert Carrick, who was some kind of representative from NBC News. He looked like middle management and was clearly nervous in front of the cameras. “I’ve just come from Serena’s room.” He said. “She’s in good spirits and seems to be doing just fine. She asked me to read this statement on her behalf for the press.” He took a pair of reading glasses from his pocket and put them on. He looked down at a piece of paper and read:
“I would like to thank all the people who expressed their concern for me over the past three days, and all those who said that they prayed for me. I understand that the things that I said on-air and my subsequent disappearance caused a lot of worry, and for that I’m sorry. I want to assure everyone listening that, aside from fatigue, I feel fine both mentally and physically. Our current best-guess as to what happened is that I was struck by lightning which triggered a fugue state. In that fugue state, I must’ve somehow made it as far as Bradenton. If anyone listening has any information regarding my whereabouts over the past three days, please contact the authorities here at Bradenton Memorial Hospital.
“I humbly ask that my privacy be respected as I recover from this traumatic experience. At some point in the future, I’ll be able to speak personally about what happened, but right now, I need to focus on getting better.”
Alicia turned off the TV and texted Del: I know it’s a promotion, but it still feels like I’m cleaning-up some Imposter’s mess.



5
Smik was tired of waiting for Serena Michaels’ mother to call. His new alter-persona as entertainment lawyer Jeffery Chancellor came with an uncomfortable wardrobe —an Armani suit. It also came with a secretary and office at Schylar, Barnski & Reynolds. But the comfort of the expensive leather office furniture was poor compensation for the time he was wasting. He should’ve been dealing with the Castillo/Noone situation. Heading off insurgency was his primary job, not infiltrating a coven of crystal-hippie-ya-yas on the whim of some Imposter.
The law firm was an Industry asset. Harlen Barnski Jr. had been busted with a ten year old prostitute in Thailand back in the early 2000s, but he was a lawyer and came from a prosperous family, so Smik had freed him. His crime had made him a perfect candidate to move up the socioeconomic ladder. In the years since his peccadillo, Smik made sure that the right accounts fell into his lap. He soon started his own firm with a wealthy octogenarian estate lawyer named Robert Schylar, and a severely crooked defense lawyer named Samuel K. Reynolds. Their outfit was worth a quarter of a billion dollars, and it could be brought down in an hour if the Industry leaked just one or two video clips.
It was the same principal that brought people to prominence in all areas of commerce and culture. They wouldn’t raise someone up unless they could be brought down immediately. That’s why, when Smik’s nephew moved to Los Angeles to be an actor, Smik had advised him to do something reprehensible. “Kill someone or let a dog fuck you,” he’d told the confused young man, “they’re not going to allow a decent human being to become a movie star. You don’t get that kind of power for nothing. They only let you have it if they can control you.”
“Yeah, but in that case, you don’t really have any power.”
“Right.” Smik said. “But do you really want power? Or do you just want people to treat you like you’re special and give you lots of money?”
“I’d like both.”
“Listen, I know people out there. I have connections. Whatever your darkest sexual impulse is, find a way to do it. Rape someone. Show a Girl Scout your cock. If it’s captured on video even better. Afterwards, I guarantee that opportunities will start to open up.”
“I don’t want it that way.” He’d said.
“There isn’t any other way.” Smik said. But his nephew had continued doing auditions and having socially acceptable intercourse with his attractive, age-appropriate girlfriend. He’d wound up working in an office, selling supplemental insurance to senior citizens. Smik wondered if he ever thought about their conversation and regretted his decision.
He picked up the phone and dialed George McCandless. “Did you find Lenny and Michael?”
“Yes I was going to call you.” George said. “They’re a lovely couple. I was very pleased to offer my place for the weekend, and they were very pleased to accept. It’s all set.”
“That was fast.” Smik said. “Did you mention the gun?”
“No, it didn’t seem right.” He said. “But I did mention raccoons, and I’ll leave a note that mentions the gun. I’ll tell them to not be alarmed it’s only to scare off the wildlife.”
“Good.” Smik said. “Do you think they’ll eat out?”
“Yes, I sold them on a place called Rathbone’s. It’s the most popular restaurant up there at the moment so it should be nice and crowded.”
“Thanks.” Smik said.
“By the way, I finally found out something about that lightning-struck local girl who claimed to be receiving demonic messages on live TV.”
“Oh?”
“I was told that someone from your division is working it.”
“I’m not on the op.” Smik said. “I’m just playing some kind of supporting role. ‘geographic happenstance’ was what my handler called it.”
“No, not you.” George said. “Ben Scanlon.”
“Where did you hear that?”
“I never kiss and tell.” George said.
“Huh… Thanks.” Smik said. “I owe you one.”
“No you don’t.” George said. “You just gave me one. You.”

Ben Scanlon was an Exotic Assets agent who worked out of the national HR office in Detroit. He had a home in Santa Fe, not far from George’s, and was known to run in elite circles when he was in town. He told people he was an art dealer, and his mansion sold the facade —it was so full of contemporary art that it could be mistaken for a museum. He was on various arts-related boards and committees up in Taos, and he hosted fundraisers and parties, mixing rich arts patrons with various local characters. Smik had been to one of his fundraisers, and it had taken him a while to realize that he was in a human zoo. Scanlon had brought in exotic assets and they were mingling with the guests. Everyone just thought Scanlon ran with a strange crowd and knew a lot of oddball artists and street-people. His wealthy friends weren’t used to attending parties that lively. They’d been delighted of course.
Why would an Exotic Assets agent be involved in the Michaels op? Smik was supposed to get in close to the family, but nobody had bothered telling him why yet. He looked over Jeffery Chancellor’s fictitious biography: literary and film contracts, television deals, managing the legal fallout from high-profile sex scandals, negotiating interviews for celebrity social-pariahs… Basically making sure the person everyone wanted to gawk at got some money for being the gawkee.
Smik hit the intercom. “I’m going out.” He said to his borrowed secretary. “If someone calls, text me.”
“Ok Mr. Chancellor.”

Smik went to his real office, which was in a strip-mall behind a Big O Tires. The sign above the door said Human Resources Solutions, a fake company, with the name of his division right in it. Plain sight was the best place to hide, besides, human resources was a category of business that didn’t get a lot of walk-in traffic. He opened Eakins’ door without knocking. “Is Ben Scanlon working the Michaels op?”
Eakins calmly put his tea down and looked at Smik. “Ben Scanlon?”
“Yeah. I heard he’s coming in on this thing, and I like to know who my partners are.”
“It’s news to me.” Eakins said.
“Those Exotic Assets guys are divas. Whatever he’s doing, I guarantee I could do the same thing better, cheaper, and without drama. On any given day, I’m up to my eyeballs in the minutia of hundreds of personalities, tracking evolutions, game-planning different scenarios, trying to keep lids on all the bubbling anger, dread, and resentment out there —and what happens when they need something important done? They bring in an overpaid golden child who hasn’t even looked at a stress matrix in fifteen years!”
“I’ll get on the phone with the Imposters and let them know how upset you are about it.” Eakins said, deadpan. “Who told you Ben Scanlon was on the op?”
“Is he?”
“I don’t know.” Eakins said. “But when I told you you’d be working with a partner, he wasn’t who I had in mind.”
“Who did you have in mind?”
“They’re sending someone over from Asymmetrical Marketing. She carries a lunch-pail just like you.”
“Good.” He said
“I never realized how class-conscious you’d become. Another rant like that and you’ll be classified as Potentially Caustic.”
“If you want to see me go full-fledged psychotic, just put me on an op under a guy like Ben Scanlon.”



6
Alicia scrolled through the Kibele Academy files as she waited for the private jet to take off. She ignored the reports on individual members who had done, or were suspected of doing, this or that counter-Industrial action. After some digging, she found an old summary-report which was part of a collection of sketches on potentially insurgent social and political organizations in the U.S. and Canada. The jet had taxied into position and Alicia gripped the armrest and shut her eyes as it tore down the runway and lifted up into the sky. She looked out the window at the Southwestern Pennsylvania countryside as the little jet climbed and then finally leveled out. She shut the window shade and read:
KIBELE ACADEMY:
In May, 1957, a 32 year old sculptor named Deborah Schultz left her husband and moved back into her family’s three-story gable house in Berkeley, California. By her own account, all she had was a suitcase, some old art books, her two small children Robert and Minnie, and a 1950 four-door Studebaker Champion. At that time, the only other person living in the house was her sister Florence, who was seven years older, unmarried, and prone to illness. Both of their parents were dead.
Deborah and her husband, Frank Corvelli, had been active members of the ‘beat’ scene in the North Beach area of San Francisco, and Deborah maintained her connections to the counter-culture after she and her husband split. Frank Corvelli, a poet and an alcoholic, died of pneumonia in a Market Street flophouse in December of 1959. He hadn’t been in contact with Deborah or the children for over a year at that point. Deborah Schultz worked in clay, and, after moving to Berkeley, started throwing pots to make money. She would eventually become a major figure in the art-pottery movement.
After Deborah and her children moved in, the big house in Berkeley became a hub of activity and social interactions. Through a mutual friend, she met Rachel Lees, a graduate student working on a PHD in sociology at UC Berkeley. Lees was studying ancient societies with matriarchal social structures. She had a strong influence on Schultz, and the pair took inspiration from what Lees was learning about the pre-Athenian city-states on the Mediterranean and from the Celtic cultures in northwestern Europe before the Roman invasions.
After Deborah’s sister Florence died of meningitis in 1960, Deborah owned the house outright. She began hosting regular cultural events that featured poetry readings, music, short films, and historical lectures by Rachel Lees. She also began renting inexpensive rooms to female artists and students. Deborah and Rachel had formed a feminist syllabus for the house, and women who lived there or attended events were expected to familiarize themselves with it. Rachel’s research on ancient matriarchal societies continued, and she would add to the syllabus as she made new discoveries. Her focus slowly shifted from describing the matriarchy as it existed, to piecing together how it was dismantled. When she had made a significant change to the syllabus, word got out and women who had left would come back to the house to hear new lectures and get updated reading lists.
In 1962, the surrealist poet Mary Jimenez, then 17, moved into the house. She had been living on the street and working as a prostitute for a year and a half at that point. She was the first to recognize that the work being done by Deborah Schultz and Rachel Lees had a spiritual significance. She declared the syllabus sacred. The three women, from different generations and different socioeconomic classes, came together to form a coherent and unique philosophy. Deborah represented the social, Lees the intellectual, and Jimenez the spiritual side of a female-centered worldview.
Marty Dougal was a lesbian painter who had frequented Deborah’s events while attending Berkeley. She came from a wealthy Southern California family and after she graduated, she moved to Los Angeles and bought a large house in Laurel Canyon. She began hosting events like the ones she’d seen at Deborah Schultz’s Berkeley home. This was essentially the first franchise of what would become the Kibele Academy, and it attracted a large following. This Los Angeles chapter was exclusively female, something that Lees and Jimenez were glad to see. Deborah Schultz still welcomed men to her cultural nights and was willing to share the syllabus with males she thought might benefit from it.
From 1965 to sometime in 1967, Rachel Lees was in Greece, researching ancient societies under a grant from the Ford Foundation. When she returned, the organization was christened ‘The Kibele Academy’ and a strict policy of secrecy was agreed upon. The teachings and rituals went underground, which, in 1967, gave the group a certain  social cachet. As its membership grew, it took on a more militant attitude toward what it called ‘the patriarchy.’ Rachel Lees and Mary Jimenez worked together to create rituals based on the ancient mystery schools dedicated to Kibele (or Cybele) —the mother of the gods.
At the outset, the Kibele Academy had chapters in San Francisco, Berkeley, the Hollywood Hills, and Santa Monica. Each chapter had meetings twice a month in a home owned by a woman. The spiritual meeting was at the full moon, and the other meeting, addressing practical concerns (social, political, or economic), was on the second Thursday of the month. There were also sub-groups within the Academy that were action-oriented.
In 1970, the Academy spread to the east coast, founding two chapters in New York (Long Island and Manhattan) and a large chapter in Charleston, South Carolina. By then, the organization had started issuing degrees at three levels in imitation of Freemasonry. There were approximately 26,000 members at that time, although most were in the first level. Rachel Lees, as the driving intellectual force behind the movement, would visit the various chapters periodically to give lectures and moderate discussions. Lees was then a tenured professor at UC Santa Cruz and had married a San Francisco City office worker ten years her junior.
From the beginning, the Academy eschewed all talk of equality. The aim of their program was to achieve female supremacy in the social, economic, and political spheres. The tactics employed to achieve this were developed by Lees based on what had been done to women in ancient Greece. The Academy taught that men were to be limited in their education and the roles they could play at work, and married to older, more financially established women. The ideal heterosexual couple within Academy circles was a woman married to a man at least seven years younger than her, who did not hold, or have the prospects to hold, a higher social or financial position than his wife.
Kibelian mothers who had boys were instructed to limit their development by encouraging an interest in sports and physical activity, and devaluing academic achievement and leadership skills. This was framed as allowing nature to take its course. Kibelians see women as naturally smarter and better suited to leadership roles than men. It’s framed as a simple shift in emphasis, taking a more permissive attitude toward boys and allowing them the freedom to do as they please, while expecting a high level of achievement from young girls. This line of reasoning proved effective with mothers who wanted the best for their sons.
In 1973, Mary Jimenez’s epic poem “Tangled Branches” was published by City Lights Books. It got a publicity boost when Joni Mitchell quoted it in a song on her fifth album, and praised Jimenez as a genius in an interview with Rolling Stone magazine. “Tangled Branches” endorses non-procreative sex as an evolutionary step forward for humanity and mocks the dominant values of western society. Most literary scholars agree that the poem is anti-authoritarian, but Dr. Bernard Morris, a professor of literary history at Yale, famously argued that the poem was not attacking authority, but attacking reality itself.
 “Tangled Branches” was especially popular with young girls —a fact that alarmed religious leaders across America. Many of these groups would’ve objected to the sexual content of the poem anyway, but when it was revealed that Jimenez was the high-priestess of an all-female secret society, they went into all-out attack. The book was banned from libraries in four states, which only bolstered its outlaw appeal. There was a widespread rumor that the book’s epigram, “from the exalted plane of Zoe’s hunger,” could be used as a death curse against men.
Despite being the fastest-selling book in City Lights’ history (outselling Ginsberg’s Howl every quarter during its publication run) the book went out of print, fueling talk of a conspiracy to suppress it.
The women’s liberation movement was a blessing and a curse for the Kibele Academy. While its membership quadrupled from 1970-75, many politically-minded feminists mocked the group’s spiritual goals. They accused Kibelians of wasting energy on hocus-pocus while women suffered. Some saw the Academy’s policy toward men as insufficiently exclusionary. At least two splinter groups formed that advocated the formation of all-female communities. Mainstream feminist organizations like the National Organization for Women and the League of Women Voters attacked the Academy for advocating female supremacy instead of equality. Both the radical anarcho-feminist groups and mainstream organizations criticized the Academy’s secrecy.
But when the backlash against second wave feminism came in the eighties, public-facing groups, both radical and moderate, became the targets of ridicule and their influence waned. The Academy came through the backlash largely unscathed because those who would’ve attacked it couldn’t even be sure it existed. Many believed that the organization was just a reactionary rumor cooked up by the Christian right.
In some chapters of the Academy, something close to arranged marriage is practiced. If a Kibelian is interested in another Kibelian’s son, the mother helps to facilitate the relationship. This practice, and some of the more extreme forms of Kibelian misandry, were exposed in a Vanity Fair article in 1987. The national attention that followed prompted the Academy to retrench and led to their current policies of extreme secrecy and security.
Within Academy circles, it’s believed that the 1987 article, and the media circus that followed, were part of an Industrial campaign against them. Many Kibelians believe that the Arizona chapter at the center of the article was pushed to extremes by Industry infiltrators at the highest level.
The period following the article’s publication was the only time in its history that the Academy’s membership dropped. At the beginning of 1987, the Academy had close to one million members, but it lost more than half of them over the next three years. Deborah Schultz was forced to sell the big house in Berkeley due to continuous harassment and terroristic threats. She moved to a compound in New Mexico, dubbed the Mother-House, where she lived with her adult daughter Minnie Corvelli, her two granddaughters (from Minnie), and her four adopted kids, Zahara, Micah, Molly, and Penny.
Deborah Schultz died of pancreatic cancer in 1990 at the age of 73. Her daughter, Minnie Corvelli took over as head of the Mother-House, and worked closely with Mary Jimenez to turn the New Mexico compound into a spiritual retreat for Kibelians. Membership numbers began to rise in the nineties, with new members attracted to the spiritual teachings of Jimenez. New-agers, wiccans, and neo-pagans all found reason to embrace the Kibele philosophy. The social and political programs that had made the group successful in the seventies had fallen out of fashion in post-Reagan America.
The nineties also saw the rise of Mary Jimenez’s profile as an author. The Academy’s publishing house, Diana Press, continually published Jimenez’s poetry collections starting in 1982. She won fellowships and awards and eventually became a literary celebrity, appearing in magazine profiles and on TV talk shows. She fueled tabloid innuendo with close friendships to celebrities like Lilly Tomlin and Laurie Anderson, but her sexuality remained officially obscure until Out magazine asked her directly if she was a lesbian in the May 1994 issue. “100%” was her answer.
As of the writing of this abbreviated history (July 2011) the Kibele Academy has at least 700,000 members in chapters across the United States, Canada and Europe. The group has a network of programmers and IT professionals who continuously bury any reference to it on the internet. If someone enters ‘Kibele Academy,’ ‘Kibele,’ or ‘Kibelian’ into a search engine, it will return nothing but a list of dog food brands.
Although classified as a subversive organization, the Academy has never drawn the ire of the FBI because it doesn’t engage in outright insurgency. There are rumors of a paramilitary wing of the group that carries out black-ops against men who abuse their positions of power over women, either in the workplace or at home. Such rumors have never been confirmed.
The group’s ties to the Industry are also unclear. Their continued existence indicates that they serve some Industrial purpose. If true, it must be at a high level. The occult side might see them as a necessary antithesis to their (male-dominated) spiritual practices, or perhaps the HR division uses them to neutralize or eliminate caustic individuals. It’s also possible that they are allowed to exist as a potential scapegoat if any part of the Industrial program comes to light. But this is, of course, speculation.
—7/21/2011—

Alicia looked out the window of the small plane and wondered how far they were from Albuquerque. She thought about the women down there below the clouds, some of whom were undoubtedly Kibelians. “It serves those bitches right.” She remembered her mother saying in 1987 when the IRS took away their tax-exempt status. Alicia’s mother never swore, so it was a memorable line.
She was driving young Alicia to school when the news had come over the radio. “Why?” She asked her mother.
“Because they’re giving the feminist movement a bad name.” Her mother said. “I read about what they were up to —they were treating men like cattle. I never heard of men doing anything like that to women, at least not in this century.”
Alicia always liked to pick controversial topics to write about in school papers —the teachers graded them better— so she’d gone to the library to do some research that day after school. The news stories about the IRS decision all mentioned the Vanity Fair article, so she went to the magazine racks. The article was pretty shocking to her 14 year old sensibilities, and she remembered being afraid someone would see her reading it.
She never did write about it for school.
There were still hours before the plane landed. Alicia scrolled through the Kibele file again until she found what she was looking for: a scan of the article she’d read so many years before:

Making Men Pay
by
Charmaine S. Morris
When April Bonner joined the Cybele group, she thought it would be a good way to meet like-minded women. She saw the group as a way to connect with the women’s lib movement she’d been too young for in the seventies. “I needed to be part of a sisterhood.” She said. “And the sororities at U of A weren’t cutting it. I wanted to be a part of something radical, something that would actually make a difference in the world.”
You can see some of that radical spirit in Bonner’s expressive brown eyes. She’s short and thin, with a live-wire energy, and it always seems like she’s about to burst out laughing or crying; her emotions are just barely contained under the surface.
She was told about the Cybele Academy by her aunt in California, who referred her to the local Phoenix chapter.
The Cybele Academy was created by Mary Jimenez, former teenage prostitute turned writer, whose controversial poetry collection Tangled Branches became a cult-hit in the early seventies. Jimenez soon parlayed her literary fame into a network of female acolytes. Like L. Ron Hubbard before her, Jimenez’s followers helped turn her fantasies of power and control into a reality. Cybele, in Greek mythology, is the mother of all the gods.
At age 23, April Bonner thought she had finally found her tribe. 
“I went through the first school as a star pupil.” She said. “I was so proud of myself. It wasn’t until I was halfway through the second school that I ran into problems.” To become a full member of the Cybele sisterhood, initiates must go through three ‘schools’ —a process that can take years. During her time in the second school, April told some of her Cybele friends that she was engaged.
“The reaction was like if I’d told them I’d decided to commit suicide. They treated me like I’d lost my mind. I was taken aside by my academic advisor and told in no uncertain terms that I was not to get married. I was shocked. I didn’t know what to do.”
April had graduated college and was working for a real estate company. “They told me that I was not in a stable enough financial position to get married because I would be dependent on my husband’s income, which they compared to slavery. They also said that I was too young to get married, and when they found out Frank was two years older than me, they really came down hard against it.”
Frank, a loan officer at a major Phoenix bank, didn’t know anything about the group that his fiancée belonged to. “I knew she was enrolled in a non-traditional education program, and that she went to meetings twice a month, but I thought it was a social club, like the Rotarians or something, but for women.”
His opinion of the group changed when he heard that they wanted April to call off the wedding. “I told her to just quit.” He said. “I knew it meant a lot to her, but it was making her unhappy and interfering with our relationship, so I thought it would be best if she just made a clean break.”
April stopped attending meetings and that was when the trouble began.
“I was run off the road.” Frank said. “I was coming home from my mother’s house late at night, and I saw these headlights come up behind me real fast. I was on route 48 which is a small two lane road out in the flats. I figured it was just some wild-ass kids joy-riding, but when the car got close, its headlights went off. Next thing I knew, it sideswiped my back wheels. I was going 70 — 75 miles per hour and my car just started rolling. Thank god I was wearing a seatbelt.”
When Frank’s car stopped rolling, his headlights were pointing into the car that hit him. “It was a woman driving,” he said, “and she was wearing a helmet.”
She was able to drive away, but Frank’s car was totaled.
“April immediately suspected the Cybele group, but I thought she was being paranoid.” Frank said.
Then he became deathly ill.
“I was having lunch with a work colleague and all of a sudden I had this incredible pain in my side. It was unbearable. I went straight to the ER and when I got there, I was in total liver failure. I didn’t get out of the hospital for three weeks.”
After his recovery, April and Frank moved out of state. These days, they keep their number unlisted, their doors locked, and they recently installed a state-of-the-art security system in their home.
April and Frank are hardly the first people in the Phoenix area to run afoul of the Cybele cult. Attorney Farad Moudilan has a cottage industry representing people whose lives have been negatively impacted by the group. He works mostly in civil law and has won over 14 million dollars for his clients, a figure he’s very proud of.
“It’s easy to win against them.” He says. “All you have to do is mention the piercings, and the judge, jury, and even the bailiffs are on your side.”
According to Moudilan, Cybele-wives show their power over their husbands through a ‘Prince Albert’ piercing. This piercing, which had previously only been used in gay sadomasochistic subcultures, goes through the urethra and out the bottom of the head of the penis. “It’s their way of marking their men as theirs. That way, they always know if they’re about to sleep with another member’s husband.” Moudilan explains. “It also has the added effect of forcing the men to sit down when they urinate, like women do.”
“You have to understand that I was brainwashed.” Bill Osman told me. “From a young age, I was made to feel stupid and ugly and basically unlovable. I was pretty much conditioned to apologize for my own existence at all times.”
Bill has an innocent face. There’s something childlike in his brown eyes and fleshy cheeks. His wispy moustache accentuates rather than conceals his immaturity. He grew up in a household dominated by his mother, Wanda Dimas, a highly placed member of the Cybele cult. The middle child of three, Bill tells of being treated very differently than his two sisters while he was growing up.
“Basically everything I did was mocked as unserious and insignificant. I was there for my sisters to laugh at. Nothing I did was ever taken seriously.” His father moved out of the house when Bill was still a baby. “When I was old enough to have girlfriends, my sisters would go out of their way to make me look foolish in front of them. I could never bring any of my school friends home because their attitude was ‘why would you bother hanging out with Billy?’ To this day, I’m still trying to work out what was done to me, what effect it had, with a therapist. I used to spend all my time bodybuilding because that was something I could do by myself. I was mentally weak, but no one could deny the fact that I was physically strong.”
When he was fifteen, Bill met a woman in his drivers-ed class at the community college. She was a 26 year old New York transplant learning to drive for the first time. “She struck up a conversation with me and we just hit it off. She seemed to take me seriously. She said she didn’t know anyone in town and she wanted someone to talk to, so I started going to her place once or twice a week just to chat with her. We went to movies together and stuff like that. It was fun.”
It didn’t take long for the relationship to become sexual. “She was always commenting on my physique, complimenting me and stuff. I thought she was just being playful, but one afternoon I was over there and she asked me if I’d take off all my clothes. She said she wanted to look at my body.” Her name was Jordana Lesane, a creative director at Hotbed LLC, the biggest advertising agency in the southwest. Jordana and Bill’s relationship was not based on equality; she was a working professional and he was a high school student. “I deferred to her in almost everything.” He said. “I was a virgin before her. I thought all women must be as sexually demanding as Jordana.”
According to Bill, Jordana taught him how to please her, but didn’t bother to learn what might appeal to him. “Basically I got very good at giving her what she wanted, but my needs and desires were never even considered. At the time, I was just glad that a beautiful older woman was having any kind of sex with me. It seemed like some kind of miracle —it was too good to be true.”
Things hit a snag for the May/December romance when Bill’s mother Wanda found out about it. She forbade her son from seeing Jordana, and he says that he was grounded for most of his senior year of high school. He managed to visit when he could, but Jordana told him that they should break up if his mother was so adamantly opposed to the relationship. “That’s when I told her I loved her.” He said. “The thought of losing her was crushing. I mean, I really did love her. I told her that as soon as I turned eighteen we could get married. It was a hail-Mary pass that somehow worked. She agreed.”
Bill Osman turned eighteen in February 1984, and he and Jordana were married in March. He dropped out of school and moved into her apartment on the other side of town.
“She was always kinky.” He said. “And the piercing was presented to me as just a bit of fun. She refused to wear a wedding ring but insisted that I wear one, and she said that if I got pierced, then there would be two rings in our marriage and I’d never forget who I belonged to. Honestly, the idea turned me on, but I did try to chicken out at the last minute. One of her friends came over to do it and Jordana had to hold me down while her friend put the needle through. I guess I don’t have to tell you it hurt like hell.”
Living with Jordana brought some other revelations as well. He noticed that, like his mother, she went to meetings twice a month. Soon he found out that his wife and his mother belonged to the same club. “After I told Jordana that I knew about that, my mom started coming around occasionally. I thought at the time that it was great, but after awhile it seemed like they were getting along too well. I got creeped out when they started working together.”
Wanda Dimas owns a pet supply wholesale company, and soon after the marriage, Hotbed LLC took on Wanda’s company as a client. “Very strange.” Attorney Farad Moudilan said. “Hotbed worked for subsidiaries of major brand names that you would recognize. Now, all of a sudden, they take on a rinky-dink company like Wanda’s? I really think it was a trade, one obedient, physically fit young man for a high level marketing campaign. We’re talking about some sort of cryptodowry here. These women are sick. Objecting to the relationship had just been his mother’s way of manipulating Bill. She forced his hand.”
Bill Osman finally drew the line when Jordana began cheating on him with one of her co-workers. “It became obvious what she was up to, and she expected me to accept it. I wanted to leave immediately but I was a high school drop-out and I didn’t have any friends or support system.” He found Moudilan two years later through his high school wrestling coach.
“Judges don’t usually make women pay alimony, but in Bill Osman’s case it was perfectly justified.” Moudilan said. Since the divorce, Bill Osman has gotten his GED and he’s planning on attending community college in the Fall.
“He’s not alone.” Moudilan said. “I’ve handled six divorces involving women in the Jimenez cult, and in each one, the man was married off at a young age to an older, more financially secure woman. In each case, the man’s penis was pierced, and in each case, the men’s mothers were uncomfortably close to their wives. It’s a pattern, it’s how these women operate. But all that pales in comparison to Marquice Raymond’s story.”
Marquice was one of four boys adopted by a woman named Kay Goodrich and her husband, Jorge Nunez. In 1976 they adopted two brothers, Ben and Wes, ages 9 and 12, and then in 1977 Marquice Raymond, who was 11, and Louis Dmitri, age 13.
Marquice, an African-American, has recently become a father for the first time at age 21. He arrived for our interview wearing his work uniform —he’d just started a new job at Pep Boys. He’s quick with a smile in spite of having grown up under adverse circumstances.
“We were all athletic.” Marquice said. “And when Kay took us in, we were encouraged to join teams —soccer, baseball, football, anything. That was very important to Kay. But it was Jorge who took us to and from practice and he was basically doing all the work raising us. Kay wasn’t like a mother at all, she ran the house for her own comfort and convenience, and we all had to sort of tippy-toe around her.”
Nevertheless, Marquice describes a relatively normal family situation until the older two boys were in their junior year of high school. “Basically, the worst thing you could do in that house was mess around with girls. It was forbidden to have a girlfriend or even go on a date. Kay said she didn’t want us ruining some poor girl’s life by getting her pregnant. But both Louis and Wes found ways to sneak around. They were good-looking dudes and they were jocks. But with Kay always breathing down their necks, it caused a lot of friction.”
Socializing with girls their own age was forbidden, but the boys were encouraged to socialize with women that Kay brought to meet them. “There were special dinners where she would bring one or two of her friends over to meet Louis and Wes. She’d spend hours grooming them and telling them what to say and what not to say. It was a big deal. Me and Ben were supposed to stay out of sight. Wes fell into the trap. He wound up in a ‘secret’ relationship with one of Kay’s friends. But Louis had a girlfriend at school. He wasn’t interested in women twice his age. There were fights and stuff. One argument got physical and Louis punched Kay in the face and the police came and took him away. After that, I never saw him again. I assumed he either got sent back to the group home in San Diego or he ran away. We weren’t allowed to mention his name.”
Wes was a star high school football player, and was offered athletic scholarships to the University of Arizona, USC, and Fullerton, but he turned them all down and got married instead. He would not comment for this story.
“Everything calmed down until I was a junior in 1982.” Marquice said. “All of a sudden it was me she was grooming and coaching to meet her friends. I was fine with it because I liked older women, but I also had a secret girlfriend at school too. I basically saw myself as a ladies-man back then. I started up with this woman named Nora, but I was just playing along because I enjoyed the sex. It didn’t become a problem until she wanted me to drop out of school so we could get married. I tried to break up with her, but the whole thing went wrong because she had Kay as her enforcer. I was ‘grounded’ which in that house meant confined to my room. I wasn’t allowed to go to school either. I missed three weeks and got kicked off the baseball team. What they called being grounded was really being held prisoner.”
Marquice agreed to start seeing Nora again, and he was eventually allowed to leave the house. “I went to the cops.” He said. “I told them what was going on, but they didn’t believe me. Kay put on a big show about how I was this problem child that they couldn’t keep under control and the cops bought it. After I got sent home, I didn’t see daylight again for three months.”
Marquice says he was locked in a room in the basement with no windows and only a toilet and a bed. “The thing I missed most was bathing. I mean, without a shower I just started feeling dirty all the time. My skin was itchy… I stank. It’s inhumane to keep someone locked up and not let them bathe. It’s a form of torture.”
Early in the morning on April 11, 1983, Ben, the youngest of the boys, decided to free Marquice. Kay was away at a retreat in San Francisco, and had left Jorge in charge. Ben got the biggest, sharpest knife he could find in the kitchen and crept into Jorge’s bedroom while he slept. He meant to cut his adopted father’s throat, but he nearly took the man’s head off.
“When he let me out and I saw what he’d done, I knew it wasn’t going to look good for us. My recent experience with the police had taught me that they weren’t going to be on our side. Ben and me decided it was time to run. We packed some stuff and took Jorge’s car. We figured if you start running in Arizona, everyone’ll assume you went to Mexico, so we headed north for Canada instead. We thought they wouldn’t find the body until Kay got back, but she had one of her friends checking in on Jorge. She found the body the day after we’d left. We only got as far as Colorado.”
“When I saw their story in the paper, I knew it was related to the Jimenez cult.” Moudilan says. “The boys told reporters how Kay said that she was running a training academy for husbands. I knew that wasn’t a joke. I offered my services to the boys.”
The story was a local scandal, but it was portrayed as an isolated incident. The general consensus was that Kay and Jorge had badly abused their adopted kids, but since Ben had killed Jorge while he slept, he was not innocent either. “Ben cut Jorge’s throat to save me.” Marquice said. “He pleaded to second degree murder and the judge gave him eight years. That’s a lot of guilt for me to carry, you know? My brother is sitting in a prison cell for saving my life. That’s exactly what he did too. I don’t doubt for a second that Kay would’ve killed me —just like she did Louis.”
It turns out that Louis Dmitri never returned to the group home in San Diego, and as far as detectives can ascertain, he didn’t run away either. He simply vanished off the face of the earth.
“At the Cybele Academy, they teach you how men came to power back in ancient times. They go through it step by step.” April Bonner said. “And a lot of it is about marriage, who should marry who, and who should control the household. And it’s not like they teach you that so you’ll know how to counter it, or rise above it. They’re using it as a blueprint. They want to do the exact same thing to men that men did to us. It’s all about payback. Is that progress? I don’t think so.”
If you have any information regarding the whereabouts of Louis Dmitri, please call the Phoenix Police Department’s Missing Persons Unit.



7
Smik was on his way up to Taos when the call came in from Alicia Sche. “I’m familiar with your work.” He said. “I’ve read all about the Inland Empire uprising.”
“Yeah well, let’s hope this op is less eventful. I went by the Schylar, Barnski & Reynolds office, but they said you were out.”
“I got tired of waiting. Anyway it’s better cover. When did you ever get ahold of a lawyer on the first try?”
“Should we meet and compare notes?”
“Sorry, it’ll have to wait. I’m working on something out of town.”
“Is it related?” She asked.
“No.” Smik said. “Just because the Imposters come calling doesn’t mean I can afford to drop what I was doing.”
“I know what you mean, this thing almost 86’d a campaign I was launching in Pittsburgh.”
“That looked pretty tidy.” He said.
“Thanks.” She said. “Where’s Serena Michaels now?”
“She’s still at the hospital in Bradenton.” Smik said. “We don’t expect her to get to New Mexico until early next week.”
“By then she should be iconic.” Alicia said. “I’ve had some industry artists making memes and gifs out of the video, and Shepard Fairy is doing one of his tri-color things from that last frame where she’s all lit up. Yves Saint Laurent is using that video frame on a sweatshirt, and we’ll have knockoffs flooding the streets next week. We’ve got t-shirts shipping soon. They’ll be on sale at Venice Beach and a thousand other gray-markets. We’ve got a lot of organic coverage too. Serena conspiracy videos already have 60 million real views, and Serena’s bio on Wikipedia was the fifth most visited webpage in America yesterday.”
“Good,” Smik said, “given their publicity-shy nature, the ladies over at the Mother-House should be nice and terrified by now.”
After the call, Smik opened an audio channel to Michael Loek’s Android. There was some bossa nova playing lightly in the background and he heard a faint squelch, a smack, and some giggling. He turned it off. He wanted to know their plans, he didn’t want to listen to them fuck.

Rathbone’s was an expensive Italian place that used a state of the art computer program for reservations, employee schedules, and bookkeeping. ‘State of the art’ meant there was an Industry backdoor built right into the program, no hacking necessary. Smik only had to make three false reservations to fill the place and assure that Lenny and Michael would have to eat at the bar.
Smik nursed his Vodka and grapefruit juice as he watched the place fill up. He knew that timing would be key. If he dosed Michael with the Idilitrine too early, the man might be compelled to extravagant suicidal action while he was still in the restaurant. No reason to take out any collateral Rathbone’s patrons if it could be helped. No, he’d wait until they were almost done with their meal. He still wasn’t sure how he would administer the drug, but he had options.
From his spot at the end of the bar, Smik had a clear view of the couple as they arrived. It was 8:20 PM. After a brief, disappointing conversation with the host, the men started toward the bar and Smik closed in. He arrived at the two empty barstools just before them. “Oh were you about to take these seats?” He asked. “I was sitting over there, but I was catching a draft so I thought I’d move.”
“There aren’t two other stools together.” Lenny Klinger said.
Smik put his drink on the bar in front of the empty stool. “Sorry.” He said. “I just need to sit on this side of the bar or I’ll be uncomfortable all night.”
Michael frowned at him while Lenny looked around. There was a man and woman sitting on the other side and there was a free seat next to them. “Do you mind moving down?” He asked the couple. “We’ve got a very territorial man on this side.”
The couple agreed and moved down a space, and Lenny and Michael sat, with Michael just off Smik’s right elbow. The drug came in three forms, a pill, a bag of powder, and a vial of liquid. He’d noticed that the utensils were brought to customers wrapped in black cloth napkins with a small wooden ring around them. This made him think that the liquid would be the way to go. Smik hailed the bartender and ordered another drink and an appetizer, crostini with apricot butter and goat cheese. Lenny and Michael had ordered drinks and were looking at menus.
When the crostini came, utensils came with it even though the appetizer could be eaten without them. Smik dropped the utensil package into the pocket of his blazer and stood up. He left his food and drink, crossed the dining room and went into the handicapped bathroom. It was a large single bathroom with a lock on the door. Smik unwrapped the napkin on the edge of the sink, then carefully opened the vial of Idilitrine. He took the fork and poured the solution over its teeth, letting the spillover go down the drain. Smik held the fork up and watched the solution dry in under a minute. He put the fork back with the other utensils, rewrapped it in the napkin and slid the wooden ring back in place. He put the package back in his coat pocket, threw away the vial, and washed his hands thoroughly before he left the restroom.
Back at the bar, Lenny and Michael had their drinks. Smik casually took the utensils out of his pocket and set them beside his own plate. He nibbled at the crostini, and pretended to be interested in his phone, which actually did have a message from his fake secretary at the law office. Minnie Corvelli had called at the end of the day. Apparently, she’d received a disturbing letter and needed a lawyer. A highly compromised Kibelian who was close to the Corvelli family had done her job well. Minnie was convinced that they needed the services of Jeffrey Chancellor. The secretary had told her that the busy lawyer could squeeze them in for a short meeting the next day.
After twenty minutes or so, the waiter brought Lenny and Michael two individual pizzas. Michael unwrapped his utensils and put the napkin in his lap before he began eating. Smik ordered a third drink and sipped it while he waited. Their pre-date physical exertion had made them hungry, and both men ate quickly. When the bartender came over to ask them if they wanted a box for their leftovers, Smik used it as a distraction. He reached across the bar to set his empty glass closer to the bartender and knocked over Michael’s vodka and cranberry with his elbow. “Oh shit!” He said. “I’m sorry about that!” He lifted the spilled glass and swept Michael’s cutlery onto the floor in the process. “Oh Jesus, I’m making a mess over here.” He said.
Lenny and Michael looked at him, annoyed. The bartender mopped up the spill with a dishrag while Smik got off the stool and retrieved the utensils from the floor. He handed the contaminated cutlery to the bartender. “Here, I’m not using mine.” Smik said. He moved his still-wrapped utensils next to Michael’s plate. “Can I buy you a replacement for that drink?”
“It was just an accident,” the bartender said, “I’ll get it for him.” 
“Thank you very much!” Lenny said to the bartender, pointedly ignoring Smik.
“I really am sorry.” Smik said.
Smik got up and walked over to the end of the bar where the bartender was mixing the replacement vodka-cran. He leaned in. “Can I get my check?” He asked. “And could you put a tiramisu on it for those gentleman who I was sitting next to? My way of apologizing.”
“Sure,” he said, “that’s nice.” Smik paid his bill in cash, tipped well, and then went to the handicapped bathroom again. He looked at his phone and watched the minutes go by. After seven minutes had passed, someone tried the handle, but Smik would not be rushed. He waited another three minutes, then flushed the toilet, ran some water, and left. As he walked across the dining room, he saw the two men eating the tiramisu he’d bought them. They were each using their forks.



8
The Serena Michaels story was holding at 27% in the mediasphere and jumping to over 50% in key viewership periods. For a story that was almost a week old, it was the most Alicia could hope for. She parked her rental car in the strip mall parking lot and went into the bland offices of Human Resources Solutions. Eakins, looking like a cadaver, came out of his office and introduced himself. Alicia wondered if he had some kind of congenital thyroid condition. As Anders McCardiff’s handler, Eakins was practically working the Michaels op with them. “Smik’s already on his way to meet with the mother.” The man said, using McCardiff’s nickname. “You can use his office if you’d like.”
Alicia thanked him and set up her Industry laptop next to Smik’s computer. She plugged in her headphones and entered the address of the so-called ‘Mother-House’ of the Kibele Academy. There were six available cameras in the house, not including cellphones: two in TVs, two in tablets, one in a cable box, and one in an internet router. Alicia stopped on the wide-angle shot from the internet router. It gave her a clear view of the living room, and she could see the entryway and hallway as well. There were two people in the room, a young girl practicing piano and a woman identified by facial recognition as Bea Corvelli Mann, who was cleaning. Alicia switched to an iPad camera and saw an older woman identified as Minnie Corvelli, meditating on a sun-porch wearing noise-cancelling headphones. The headphones played a relaxation app, plugged into the iPad which sat on a little stand next to her. A striped cat walked in front of the iPad’s camera and blocked Alicia’s view.
Smik arrived two minutes late for his 10 o’clock meeting. Bea scooted the young girl away from the piano and sent her upstairs with a book before going to the front door. She introduced herself to Jeffery Chancellor Esquire and brought him into the living room. Minnie came in a moment later, holding a manila envelope.
Alicia waited through the small talk and introductions and then set her laptop to transcribing their conversation:

Smik: You mentioned something about blackmail when we spoke?
Minnie: That’s right, I received this in the mail yesterday.
—silence: 27 seconds—
Smik: You believe this photograph is genuine?
Minnie: It’s her alright…
Bea: But there’s no way to know when it was taken.
Smik: Let’s assume this photo, and the other photos he claims to have, are genuine. If we can prove later that they’re fake, great…
Bea: I guarantee they’re fuckin’ fake. There’s no way my sister willingly went with this troll. My sister dates good looking guys. You think she saw this creep and just had to have him? Gimme a break.
Minnie: She was in a fugue state. She might’ve been confused and disoriented. I think we should charge this man with rape immediately. She was clearly in no position to give consent.
Smik: If it’s real, this photo proves they were together. That’s all. There’s no evidence that anything sexual took place.
Bea: Well he wouldn’t try to blackmail us with pictures of them playing backgammon.
Smik: The implication is there, but if he really had sexually explicit pictures, why would he send this one? Have you asked Serena about it yet?
Minnie: Not yet. She’s still under observation down in Florida —we don’t want to upset her.
Bea: What should we do about the letter?
Smik: Nothing right now. But if he makes good on his threat —if he comes forward with what he’s got— I think we should take the David Letterman approach. We lay out the blackmail attempt for the press. Everyone despises a blackmailer. The public sympathy for Serena will increase, and if the pictures later turn out to be fake, so much the better.
Bea: The David Letterman approach worked for David Letterman because he’s a man. Even if we prove without a doubt that the pictures are fake, it won’t matter. Women are held to a different standard. A picture of someone who even vaguely resembles my sister sucking a cock would end her career. I wouldn’t have to explain that to a female lawyer.
—silence: 4 seconds—
Smik: That’s an interesting assertion. I was curious why you retained my services —I know you’re very involved with the Mary Jimenez uh…
Bea: Cult?
Minnie: Please honey…
Bea: No, it’s called the Kibele Academy alright? It is run equally by three women, and yes Mary Jimenez is one of them. You’re sitting across from another.
Smik: I meant no offense. I’m just surprised that you didn’t hire legal representation from within the group.
Minnie: Just to be clear, you’re representing us in this, not the Kibele Academy.
Smik: I understand that…
Bea: You come highly recommended and my sister has a chip on her shoulder about the Academy. It’s going to be hard enough to get her to accept our help, if she thinks it’s coming from the Academy, she’ll reject it. She’s always been afraid of being publicly tied to us.
Smik: Okay, good. The news media doesn’t seem to know about Serena’s connection to Mary Jimenez. If they did, believe me, they’d be talking about it. That’s the kind of detail that fuels the imagination.
Bea: What do you mean?
Smik: They wouldn’t say it directly, but the implication would be that the Kibele Academy, or someone in it, was behind what happened to your sister.
Minnie: That’s ridiculous!
Smik: So there’s no truth to that?
Minnie: Certainly not.
Smik: Good! That’s good! That could’ve muddied our defense strategy.
Bea: Why are we even talking about a defense? Nobody did anything wrong.
Smik: Yes, you’re right of course, but this isn’t about rational thought. The media runs on feelings. I hate to tell you this, but all those people who were worried about your sister subconsciously feel cheated because she didn’t turn up dead. Naturally it’s disappointing when you don’t get the outcome you were expecting, and since the expected outcome was your sister’s death, that disappointment leads to guilt. People hate feeling guilty. It’s all just bubbling under the surface right now, but it’ll come out. The public is biding its time until it can bring down the full force of its negative judgment against your sister.
Bea: So we’re just taking a defensive stance here? The plan is what, to hunker down and wait? I mean, we’re not talking about paying this Florida creep, are we?
Smik: No, his next move won’t be to release the material he has. If he does that, he’ll only get whatever the networks pay. We should wait and see what he does next. It’ll probably be some desperate attempt to draw attention to himself. We shouldn’t respond until we have to.
Minnie: Serena might want to just pay him to make him go away.
Smik: If I thought it would help, I might agree. But right now, if it got out that we paid him, it would look like we knew the pictures were real. You’re right Bea, our stance shouldn’t just be defensive, but we need to know what Serena hopes to get out of this before we do anything. What’s the best possible outcome for her? Once we have a desired endpoint, we can steer the ship in that direction. Of course, it all depends on her, so we’ll have to wait until she gets here to craft our strategy.
Minnie: We’ve already got reporters camping out in front of the house. Once she arrives there’ll be more. We’ll have to talk to them eventually…
Smik: We’ll call a press conference if Serena’s up for it. Your front porch is huge, it would be a perfect setting. We can pack it with people so everyone sees that she has a lot of family support. Do you have some men that you could put up there behind her? It doesn’t have to be fifty percent, but it would certainly help if there were a few male faces where the cameras could see them.
Minnie: We can round up three or four in a pinch.



9
George’s Taos vacation home was signal-blocked so Smik couldn’t listen or watch in real time. He’d stayed up late into the night, monitoring police radio from the Taos area, but nothing came through. He’d left his Industry tablet transcribing the radio feed, and the next morning he’d scanned it for a gunshot call or a domestic dispute, but there was nothing. He hadn’t had time to investigate further because he had to get to the meeting at the Mother-House.
By the time Smik got back to the office, Alicia Sche had identified the man who was blackmailing Minnie Corvelli with dubious photos of her daughter. His name was Harold Perla, the owner of a discount furniture business in Miami. “This creep’s actions are what brought you into the Kibelian fold.” Alicia said. “What are the odds that he’s doing it of his own free will?”
“That tracks.” Smik said. “Imposters never want the right hand to know what the left hand is doing. What’s this guy’s situation?”
Alicia was almost done briefing Smik when his phone pinged, notifying him that the police had been called to George’s address. Smik expected the next notification to be that the police had called an ambulance, but it never came. 
When Smik left the office, he called George McCandless from his car.
“That was quite a house guest you found.” George said. “Your colleague in Exotic Assets would be very interested, I’m sure.”
“He’s not my colleague.” Smik said. “You have video from your place?”
“I’m uploading it now, you should have it in five minutes.” George said. “I watched the live-feed last night and a more hair-raising display of indifference to human life I have never witnessed.”
“What the fuck happened?”
“Michael strangled Lenny —didn’t even consider the gun as far as I can tell. They were bickering for awhile, not even a full-on fight mind you, and Michael just grabbed Lenny by the throat and choked the life out of him. But that was tame compared to what happened next. Just watch the video, I can’t do it justice. You should make yourself some popcorn.”

Smik got home and opened the video. George had cameras all over his house connected to motion detectors for an auto-editing system. The results looked like an art-house film by a director who favored high angles and short lenses. Smik fast-forwarded through the murder itself and switched to normal speed after Loek had dragged Lenny Klinger’s body into the bathroom. He stripped the body naked, pulled it into the bathtub, then sat on the edge and began speaking to his dead boyfriend. It took Smik a minute to recognize what Loek was saying. He was doing a monologue from the play Our Town. Loek left the bathroom and went to the garage where he got a circular saw. Smik began fast-forwarding again.
Loek jumped around the body in fast-forward, occasionally stopping to admire his work or to use the detachable shower head to wash blood down the drain. Smik noticed his mouth moving as he worked, so he took it off fast-forward long enough to establish that Michael was singing ‘Let it Go’ from the Disney film Frozen. He sawed two-thirds of the way through Lenny’s neck, arms, and legs, being careful not to cut all the way through and damage the tub. He flipped the mangled body over and began completing his initial cuts from the other side, finally dismembering the body.
The time stamp said it was 3:27 AM when he set the circular saw down and took a break. He put Lenny’s head on the rim of the tub next to some expensive conditioner. It looked down at a torso and twelve segments of arm and leg. Michael got a selection of knives from the kitchen and came back. He began cutting, sawing, and hacking flesh off the arm and leg segments. He stopped periodically to flush small pieces down the toilet. He’d switched to singing the theme songs to popular TV shows. Smik hit the fast-forward button.
At 6:03 AM, Loek fired up the circular saw again and cut a trap door in Lenny Klinger’s chest. He opened it and used a knife to slice out hunks of Lenny’s innards —flushing small pieces of stomach, intestines, lungs, heart, liver and kidney. He only had to use the plunger once. When his boyfriend’s torso was empty, he used the saw to cut through clavicle, ribs and spine, breaking Lenny’s body down into small chunks.
By 7:00 AM, the tub was a gory mess. Bits of tendon and muscle clung obstinately to bone fragments that were piled up in the corners. Loek went to the kitchen and took three large pots down from a rack over the counter and brought them into the bathroom. He put as many pieces of Lenny Klinger’s remains into each pot as he could, then took them back to the kitchen and filled them with water. He put the pots on the stovetop and started up the burners on high heat. He washed his hands then went and sat on the couch in the living room. He got out his phone and made a call but the person didn’t answer. Michael left a voicemail: “Len, where the fuck are you? I’m sorry okay? You can’t run away every time we have a fight. Call me. Let me know where you are. You can’t just disappear like that. I love you. Call me.”
Smik fast-forwarded through Loek watching a western on TCM. He watched about half of it and then got up to check on his boiling pots of flesh and bone. He stirred around in them with a big wooden spoon, seemed pleased, then put a strainer in the sink and turned off the burners. With pot holders, he lifted the first pot and poured the steaming contents into the strainer. He had to stop halfway through to clear it, pulling the bone segments out and putting them into a trash bag. There was fleshy sludge left in the strainer, which he emptied into a bucket he’d found in the closet.
He finished the job with all three pots and then started the whole process over again. This time, while the pots were boiling, he made two calls. He asked both people if they’d seen or heard from Lenny. His story stayed the same, that they’d had an argument and that Lenny had left in a huff. “I thought he’d cool off and come back during the night,” he said, “but he’s still gone. He left his car too —I guess he took an Uber, I don’t know.” After the phone calls, he brought the bucket of sludge to the bathroom and scooped some into the toilet. It took six flushes to empty the bucket. Lenny Klinger’s head watched the proceedings from its perch on the tub with an expression of vague dismay. 
Michael had to boil eight pots, and after he’d flushed the last of the sludge, he got in the shower and cleaned himself off. The severed head stayed where it was while Loek got himself all soapy and used George’s expensive conditioner. After he’d dried off, he called the police. It was 11:13 AM. He told them his boyfriend was missing, but they said they couldn’t do anything until he’d been gone 48 hours.
All of the bones fit in one trash bag, and Loek put the head in another. He put both bags in the trunk of Lenny’s car and went back into the house. He did a thorough cleaning of the kitchen and bathroom, and put everything back where he’d gotten it. That was where the video ended.
Smik called George. “What’s he doing now?”
“Sitting in my living room getting drunk on vodka, watching The Monkees on TV Land.” George said. “I’m guessing what happened wasn’t what you had in mind.”
“No, I have to rework his profile.” Smik said. “I knew he’d been abused as a child, but I never suspected he could dissociate so completely. If he’d done that in a civilian’s house, do you think he’d get away with it?”
“Abso-fucking-lutely.” George said. “I mean, if they brought in spectrometers and black-lights and all that, they’d find traces of Lenny’s blood everywhere, but they won’t do that unless they suspect it’s a crime scene. That’ll be after what? A month? Six weeks? By then, whatever trace elements are left will be degraded. After I sent you the video, he did some more cleaning, like serious, bleach and detergent stuff. He must’ve consumed a lot of true-crime programming. Also, he left seven messages on Lenny’s voicemail, artfully spaced out. This guy’s doing everything right. What were you trying to do?”
“I was trying to shock two overlapping potentially-insurgent social pods.” Smik said. “It was supposed to be a public act of violence.”
“A murder-suicide? What did you use, Idilitrine?”
“Yeah, why?”
“I read the study on that stuff and I think their methodology was flawed. The results are much less predictable than they say.”
“Yeah, I wanted a murder-suicide and I made a serial killer instead.”
“I suppose this could be the first of many.” George said. “It’s too bad that serial killers have gone out of fashion. If it were 1996 we could make a fortune off him. But I guess even back then a gay serial killer was kind of cliché.”
“Well if it’s any consolation, I don’t think he’s gay, bi, straight, or anything really. He’s a barely-there. The first person he met when he got into town just happened to be gay and he went with it. In college he slept with women.”
George let out a resigned sigh. “I hope you’ve got some room in your budget to cover a new set of pots, and some new knives.”
“Yeah, of course…”
“And my water bill this month is going to be off the charts. Did you see how many times he flushed my toilet?”
“We’ll pay your water bill George.”
“You know what? Forget the water bill, I want to redo the whole bathroom. How am I supposed to shower in there?”



10
Alicia turned up the gain on the audio feed from Bea Corvelli Mann’s cellphone mic. She watched through Albuquerque International Sunport’s surveillance system as Serena Michaels passed the security barrier wheeling a small piece of luggage behind her. She wore a baseball cap pulled low in a bid for anonymity. She propped her bag upright and hugged her sister. Alicia listened to Bea and Serena chat for a moment before they moved on.
The two women walked to the exit and went down a ramp talking about Serena’s flight and what their mother was cooking for her welcome-home dinner. Alicia switched cameras three times, following them to the short-term lot where Bea had parked her red pickup truck. After they were out of camera range, Alicia switched to location tracking even though she knew where they were going. She liked to have a visual to go with the audio stream even if it was just a blue dot on a map. “How are you feeling?” Bea asked once they were on the freeway. There was a moment of silence and then “Whoa, why are you bald?”
“They shaved my head so they could put electrodes all over it.” Serena said. “I’ve spent the last 72 hours solving puzzles, writing rhyming poems, and looking at stimulating movies. Have you ever watched a lesbian sex scene while a team of scientists analyzed your brainwaves? Because lemme tell you, it’s not as fun as it sounds.”
“What the fuck?”
“They were very thorough. I’ll give them that.”
“That’s how they check for brain damage?” Bea asked.
“I guess.” Serena said. “So you ask how I’m doing? I could use some peace and quiet. Unfortunately, the network thinks it would look good if I spent a couple of weeks recuperating with my family. I don’t know why.”
“They’re trying to humanize you.” Bea said. “Nobody cares when something awful happens to an ice cold bitch. But don’t worry, Mom wants you to be comfortable. She even hired a lawyer to chase the reporters away.”
“A lawyer? Shit, why’d she do that? The network has a whole team of lawyers I could use. If they hear my mom hired a lawyer, they’ll think I’m gonna sue NBC.”
There was a moment of silence. “Well?” Bea asked.
“What? No, I’m not going to sue them…”
“They sent you into the middle of a hurricane Sar! There should’ve been more safety precautions.”
“Reporters get injured or die in war zones and they don’t sue the network.” Serena said. “I knew the risks going in. This thing might ruin my career or it might help it. How I act now will determine which —and hiring a lawyer doesn’t look good.”
“Well you didn’t hire him, mom did. And besides, there were other reasons.”
There was another moment of silence while Serena waited for her sister to spit it out.
“It’s kind of awful Sar,” Bea said, “but I guess you should know. Someone sent us a letter with a picture of you. He said it was taken during the time you were missing. He implied that there were more pictures —of an intimate nature.”
“What? That’s ridiculous!”
“The picture he sent looks real…”
“Come on!”
“Do you remember anything?” Bea asked. “I mean, what the hell happened out there?”
“I don’t know.” Serena said. “I really don’t. I remember starting the remote…and I was describing the electrical storm…and I remember thinking I was doing a really good job, like I was painting a beautiful word-picture, you know? I was like, ‘where are all these great words coming from?’ And then there were paramedics asking me who I was. I told them my name was Serena Michaels, but my license still says Sarah Mann, so I was afraid they’d think I was lying. But they weren’t asking because they wanted to know who I was, they were asking because they wanted to see if I knew who I was. That scared the shit out of me. But that’s how it happened, I was doing the best remote of my life, and then bam, I was in a Walmart parking lot talking to paramedics.”
“When they got you to the hospital, did they do a rape kit?”
“Bea, no! Why would they?”
“This guy claims you spent two days shacked up with him in a hotel.” Bea said.
“I don’t know what happened to me, but I’m pretty sure it wasn’t anything like that.” Serena said.
“Did you look at the video of the remote?”
“Yeah I saw it.” Serena said.
“Half the country thinks you were taken by Jesus, the other half thinks it was aliens.”
“The doctors said I was hit by lightening and lost three days of memory. During that time I supposedly hitched a ride to Bradenton.”
“Well no one believes that.” Bea said.
“I don’t even think the doctor that came up with it believes it.” Serena said.



11
On the night of the murder, Michael Loek discovered that part of his body had been colonized by microbes that allowed him to receive messages from the demonosphere. They didn’t come into his brain directly because the messages were primarily physical. He suspected the demonic microbes had taken over one of his internal organs, like his pancreas or appendix. His brain had to parse and interpret what his body already understood.
And to receive the messages clearly, he had to let his mind go blank.
Which was easy on the patio of Reverie with a vodka-cran to sip and big-screen TVs everywhere you looked. The messages were flying thick and fast through the audio-visual stream of a TV less than three feet away from where he sat. The show was ironically called The Voice —ironic because before his body had been colonized, the messages had come to him in the form of a voice. But the show contained many voices and a steady onslaught of visual symbols, some obvious and others too cryptic for his mind to understand, even if his body did. Michael sipped his drink and tried to process as much of it as he could.
Obvious message: Pharrell Williams was wearing a black t-shirt with the white outline of Serena Michaels, floating above the waves. The image was like Marilyn’s dress being blown upward or the twin towers with smoke pouring out of them. You didn’t need detail anymore, it was recognizable in silhouette. Serena was in New Mexico, Michael thought, which meant she was physically closer to him than to Pharrell. And what had happened to her was surely related to the demon dimension —she even mentioned demons in the famous video clip. Was that where she’d been taken, the demonosphere? She couldn’t have come back from there in one piece, so if that was where she’d been, who had come back in her place?
Subtle message: Christina Aguilera grew up poor in southwestern Pennsylvania. She and her mother had even spent time in a women’s shelter. But now look at her, she was rich and glamorous. And why? Because she could sing? Lots of people can sing, that wasn’t it. There had to be a price, a deeper price, that she’d paid to get where she was. Sitting there, so pristine and perfect, she’d become a symbol. Something had been gained in the transformation, but something had also been lost. Michael suspected that she’d traded part of her humanity.
Had Serena made a trade?
Had Pharrell?
No, he’d been part of a production team called The Neptunes. Neptune was the Roman god of water —Rome— one of the most powerful empires in human history. Also, ALSO! He was part of a group called N.E.R.D. an acronym for ‘No One Ever Really Dies.’ So one judge came by paying a heavy price and another through allegiance to an ancient cult, or maybe through a deeper understanding of reality. Two paths to success.
And the other judges? White men, mid to late thirties, clean shaven. Society’s image of the average. And yet they represented two opposing sides, two modes of American hetero masculinity. You could see the conflict in their constant bickering and sniping at each other, but it was clear that their conflict was all for show. They were not really opposed. One presumed liberal, the other conservative, one urban, the other rural, but their opposition was in style not substance.
Two and two, but the male to female ratio was three to one, and the white to black ratio was also three to one. If Pharrell and Christina got together, they would only equal 50%. There had been one cast change since the show began —Pharrell Williams had taken over the chair of CeeLo Green. ‘Cee-lo’ was a slang term for a dice game, a game of chance. So maybe chance played a part in CeeLo’s success. He’d been usurped by someone with esoteric knowledge, someone who rejected a foundational tenet of reality: death. But it could be that the N.E.R.D. acronym simply referred to the immortality of the soul. CeeLo Green was ‘The Soul Machine’ —a machine that what? Produced souls? Mechanized them?
Michael decided that decipherable messages would probably come through Pharrell, not Christina or one of the other two. Pharrell was kind, soft-spoken, and unassuming, and yet the image on his shirt was striking. Shocking even. He addressed an overweight fry-cook who had sung the Aretha Franklin song You’d Better Think. Pharrell told him, in his kindly way, that his performance had not been good enough. “If you’re going to sing Aretha, it’d better be perfect.”
Another contestant, a young woman wearing neon colors, sang the Bjork song Army of Me. Pharrell’s assessment: “You took a song that was originally sung in a very personal vocal style and made it your own.” Then he spoke directly to Michael: “Some people enter a time in their lives when they just can’t help but be noticed. This is that time for you.” Then to the contestant again: “The expressive possibilities in your vocal range are really amazing. You have so many colors on your palette.” Then to Michael: “It’s time for you to step up. You have to let the world know what you came here to do. You have to become the hero you were always meant to be. You have to slay dragons. Be audacious in your belief in yourself because everything is laid out in front of you, you just have to be brave enough to reach out and grab it.”
Michael looked around the Reverie patio to see if anyone else had caught it. They all seemed oblivious except maybe George. “Did you hear that?” Michael asked him.
“About slaying dragons? Yeah,” George said, “he always tries for metaphors that don’t quite work. What do you expect from a guy in a Mounty hat? Him and Robyn Thicke stole a song from Marvin Gaye. The court made them pay the Gaye estate seven mil.”
Chris, the bartender, heard George’s comment and chimed in. “Blurred Lines? It sounded similar, sure, but seven million dollars? That’s ridiculous. Everything has been done before by someone... I mean, all music’s stolen. Am I wrong?”
“I wonder if Marvin would’ve sued them.” George said. “I mean if he wasn’t dead.”
“No one ever really dies.” Michael said.
“What?” George asked.
“Nothing,” Michael said, “it’s just an expression.”



12
It was twenty minutes to nine when Alicia got a text from Del saying she should watch Anderson Cooper 360 on CNN that night. She was in a bar called Carroll’s that used organic, locally sourced olives in their martinis. She hailed the bartender for her bill. “Are you leaving?” The man sitting next to her asked. He was in his early fifties and fighting a losing battle against dad-bod.
“Yeah.” She said.
“I was hoping to strike up a conversation with you.” He said. “I noticed you in here the other night.”
The bartender took her cash and asked if she needed change. “Nope, that’s for you.” She said. She turned to the brave man. “I just come here for the olives.” She said.
He looked like he was trying to come up with a retort, but she didn’t give him a chance.

Back in her hotel suite, Alicia opened her Industry laptop and scanned the cameras in the Mother-House. Serena Michaels was reading a book on the back porch, Bea was getting her daughter ready for bed, and Minnie was in her room with the door closed. Apparently none of Serena’s New York media friends were going to call and warn her about whatever was coming on the Anderson Cooper show. Maybe none of them knew about it yet.
Alicia turned on her TV: 
“Tonight, we have breaking news on the Serena Michaels story. A man has come forward who claims to have been with Michaels during some of the time she was missing. While she was gone, many people feared the worst, but days later, after she was discovered some two hundred miles from where she’d disappeared, relief turned to confusion. Ms. Michaels has not been able to account for her lost time. Tonight, we have some answers from a man named Harold Perla, a furniture salesman from Miami.”
Cooper was about halfway through his intro when Serena got a phone call from a New York number. She ran into the house, to the living room, and turned on the TV. She switched to CNN to see a split screen of Anderson Cooper and a thin, balding man in his mid-forties wearing a button-up shirt with no tie or jacket.
“Mr. Perla, thank you for being with us tonight. Start from the beginning, when and where did you come into contact with Ms. Michaels?”
“It was Tuesday the 21st, the day of the hurricane. It was around 11:00 or 11:30 AM and I was pumping gas, getting ready to evacuate. My apartment is right on the beach so I usually drive up and get a hotel room in Fort Myers when a hurricane comes. I was putting some gas in my car and she just walked up and told me she needed help. She was soaking wet… I mean it was really raining bad.”
“So you offered to give her a lift?”
“I told her she could stay with me ’till the storm passed, but she said she had to get home to Sarasota. I told her I’d take her as far as Fort Myers…”
“She claimed to be going to Sarasota?”
“Bea, get down here! You have to see this!” Alicia called up to her sister.
“That’s what she said, I don’t know why. I understand she actually lives in New York.”
“Did you recognize her?”
“No, she told me her name was Kelly. I never watch the Today Show, I like Good Morning America. I told her she’d be crazy to try to hitch from Fort Myers to Sarasota in that weather. I always get a suite, so I said she could stay on the couch in my room until the storm passed.”
Bea came down into the living room. Serena told her what was going on, and Bea’s horrified reaction drowned out Cooper’s next question. Alicia shushed her and they stood there and watched.
“…she seemed scared, but I thought it was because of the weather. She stayed with me at the hotel and after a couple of days I had to get back down to Miami, and she said she was heading north.”
“You spent two days and two nights together in the hotel room in Fort Myers?”
“That’s right.”
“And the whole time, you didn’t see anything on the news about Serena Michaels being missing?”
“I remember seeing something about it, but I didn’t put two and two together until later. She told me her name was Kelly.”
“Sir, I have to ask, were you intimate with Ms. Michaels during your time with her?”
“That’s between me and her. I don’t tell tales out of school.”
“Sir, she was in a fugue state… Didn’t she seem disoriented or confused?”
“No, she seemed fine. I mean she didn’t hold her liquor very well, but she wasn’t talking nonsense or anything. I didn’t know it was Serena Michaels until after I got back to Miami. I saw the doctor on TV say to call if you had any information and I called, but they never got back to me.”
“Did you have any idea where she was going when she left?”
“No, I figured she was still trying to get to Sarasota.”
“You sent us a photograph that you claim shows you and Ms. Michaels from that first night…”
“That’s just one of ’em. I got a bunch more on my computer at home.”
“Well let’s take a look at that photograph now.”
The screen showed Perla with a very wet Serena Michaels. It was a selfie taken in the front seat of Perla’s car —the same photo Minnie Corvelli had shown Smik at their first meeting. They cut back to the split screen of Anderson Cooper and Harold Perla. Cooper spoke first.
“It certainly looks like Ms. Michaels, but one photograph is hardly definitive proof —and we have no evidence of when it was taken.”
“I thought digital pictures had that information inside the code. Can’t your team check that?”
“The meta-data does say that the picture was taken on the 21st of July. We have to go to commercial, but this development would seem to provide at least one piece of the puzzle of Serena Michaels’ missing time. 360 will be right back.”
Alicia muted her TV and turned the volume up on her laptop. But before she could hear what Serena and her sister were saying, her phone buzzed. It was Smik.
“Were they watching it?” He asked.
“Yeah.” She said.
“What was their reaction?”
“Horror.” Alicia said. “They don’t believe it.” Alicia took a moment to listen to the sound from her laptop. “Serena’s friends with Anderson Cooper, she’s leaving a profanity-laced message on his voicemail as we speak.” She listened again. “Bea’s suggesting they call Jeffrey Chancellor now. She said they should sue CNN for defamation. I guess I’d better get down to Florida”
“To take care of this Perla creep?”
“Yeah.” She said. “And I’ll take a side trip up to Bradenton too. There was some weird shit going on in that hospital. If I can find out who had Serena’s brain wired up, maybe we can figure out what the hell the Imposters are up to with this gag…”



13
Smik had spent the day in his office, monitoring a search party that was going through the woods near George McCandless’ Taos vacation home. They were looking for any signs of Lenny Klinger. As Smik had feared, his two Potentially Caustic artists, Herman Castillo and Arthur Emanuel Noone were together, looking for the corpse of a mutual friend. A murder-suicide could destabilize or destroy a surrogate familial pod, but a missing person was likely to strengthen it. His plan to shock and isolate the two artists had backfired, they were in a fraught situation together which would certainly strengthen their bond.
Smik listened to their conversation as they walked through the woods, carrying little orange flags. Thankfully, they didn’t talk about their work. They only talked about their personal lives and mutual friends.
Smik couldn’t understand why the police hadn’t arrested Michael Loek yet. The sooner the grim reality of what had happened to Lenny became known, the sooner Smik’s insurgent social pods would be neutralized. The police suspected Loek, but it didn’t seem like they were trying to build a case against him yet. That would change if Lenny Klinger’s head turned up somewhere, but as far as Smik knew, Loek hadn’t gotten rid of it. His phone’s location data didn’t show any unusual stops on bridges or long solo hikes in the woods.
Lenny Klinger’s head would stink by then, but Smik thought the bag of bones might still be in the trunk of Lenny’s car. Smik called the police detective working on the missing persons case and suggested that he find some pretext to have Loek pulled over. “You might be surprised what you find in his trunk.” Smik said.
“You spooky assholes need to get your story straight on this guy.” The detective said. “I was told we were supposed to lay off him.”
“By who?”
“You think you’re the only Industry contact I have in this city?”
“George McCandless.” Smik said.
“I like my job.” He said. “All I’m going to say is that I was told to leave him alone.”
After Smik ended the call, he got George on the phone.
“I was wondering why the police hadn’t arrested him yet.” George said. “I thought you must’ve had other plans for him.”
“You didn’t tell the cops to back off?”
“No. I’ve been staying close to the creepy little psycho. I’m supposed to see him later tonight in fact —I keep expecting detectives to come take him away in handcuffs but it hasn’t happened yet.”
“Did you share the video with anyone else?”
“Of course I did. A video like that is a wonderful conversation piece, that’s why I get invited to parties.” George said.
“Did you share it with anyone who might have some pull at the Albuquerque PD?”
“I can’t think of anyone.” George said.
“Well someone must have plans for him.” Smik said.
“I just hope the plans don’t involve me.” George said.
Smik decided to follow Loek around for awhile to see if he could discover which Industrial division was protecting the ‘creepy little psycho.’ Unfortunately, the Imposter business with Serena Michaels took precedence, and after the Anderson Cooper segment, the family wanted to meet with Jeffrey Chancellor Esquire.

The physicality of Serena Michaels startled Smik that first time he met her. Not to say that she was a unique physical specimen, she just exuded a physical presence that was surprising. It was as if there were no separation between her mind and her body, like her mind was her body and vice versa. It was like every part of her was right there in the present moment with him. Smik couldn’t remember feeling that way around anyone before. They sat in the dining room of the Mother-House, Smik, Serena, Bea and Minnie Corvelli. There were hand-crafted pots looking down on them from a shelf that went all the way around the upper part of the room. Some of the pots looked functional while others were more abstract, and some were a mix of functionality and abstraction.
“A libel suit at this point might backfire.” Smik told Minnie. “He has photographs and we don’t have any counter evidence. Until we have a story of our own to sell, we should probably take a position of skepticism rather than outright denial. I think anyone could see that Harold Perla is a scumbag. Attacking his character or motivations probably isn’t necessary.”
“Meredith Vieira told Sarah that she could have as much time as she wanted on any NBC News show.” Bea said. “I think she should get out there as soon as possible…”
“And tell them what?” Minnie asked. “She doesn’t remember anything.”
“That’s actually not true anymore.” Serena said. “I had a memory last night. It came to me in the bathtub.”
“Really? You didn’t say anything.” Bea said.
“Well, it’s not much, but it’s something.” Serena said. “I was looking at my knees in the tub and I thought about how, when I stand up, there’s a little fold of skin that appears above my kneecap, and I could remember looking at it but not from my perspective. I was someone else looking at my own knees, you know? Not seeing them upside down or in a mirror. The more I thought about it, I remembered looking at my whole body that way —from an outside perspective. I remember it perfectly, staring at my naked body. I’m not sure why, but I know it happened during those days I was missing.”
“Stop the presses,” Bea said, “let’s get you on TV with that story right away.”
“Meredith is great.” Minnie said. “She’s a friend and she wants to do a special about Sarah… I mean Serena. Sorry sweetie…”
“It might be a good idea.” Smik said. “And if you’re going to do it, I think you should do it as soon as possible.” He looked up at the pots on the shelf above Minnie Corvelli, then over at Serena. “And don’t worry about that lowlife in Florida. He didn’t exactly exude credibility.”

Loek came out of the staff entrance of the Beckin Hotel at 4:12 PM and walked a block and a half to the parking garage. He pulled out in Lenny Klinger’s Kia. As Smik followed, he wondered why someone who’d killed and dismembered another human being would bother to keep a menial job. Surely he could find another way to pay his bills. It seemed too pedestrian.
They’d traveled about a half a mile when they got stuck behind a school bus on a narrow side street. Smik had been trying to stay at least a block back, but the school bus made it impossible and he wound up directly behind Loek. The bus couldn’t be passed and was traveling very slowly although it was not making any stops.
Which was odd, Smik thought.
It was also odd that they should be trapped together behind a school bus on one of the only streets where it was impossible get around it. He couldn’t see any kids inside the bus either. The flashing light on top of the bus bothered Smik’s eyes and he pulled down his sun visor to block it. Finally, they came to a cross street and the bus turned. Smik let some space open up between him and Loek again.
As he followed Loek back to his apartment, he realized he’d been thinking about Serena Michaels, but he didn’t know why. He was picturing her as he’d seen her on the news two days before. She’d been leaving the hospital in a wheelchair wearing a baseball cap. The connection between the bus and the unexpected mental image hit him all at once. He called Alicia.
“Are you running a strobe push on Serena?”
“Nah, those went out in the nineties.” She said. “Why?”
“I was just stuck behind a school bus a minute ago and it had a strobe on it. Now I find a picture of Serena Michaels in my head.”
“That technique is really only effective on certain people.” Alicia said. “It’s not used for mass marketing anymore.”
“What kind of people is it effective on?”
“People whose brains have compromised filtering capabilities. I mean, if everyone was walking around high on LSD all the time, it would be the most effective tool we had, but most people can ignore or compartmentalize any images we fire directly into their cerebral cortexes.”
“Any way of knowing what one of those things was broadcasting?”
“Yeah if you could get your hands on it.” She said.
“You can’t get it from a video of the strobe?” Smik asked.
“No.” Alicia said. “You need the hardware. You really think you got a Serena push?”
“Yeah, but I don’t think it was meant for me.” Smik said. “Are you in the air yet?”
“Flying over Texas right now.”
“Thanks for the info.” Smik said. “Let me know how it goes in Florida.”
There was a coffee shop up the block from Loek’s apartment and Smik got out of his car and walked to it. As he stood in the long line, he noticed a familiar face looking at him from a bulletin board with flyers for bands and carpet cleaning services. It was Lenny Klinger. The word ‘MISSING’ was in bold print under his picture, along with a phone number and the promise of a $10,000 reward for information.



14
Alicia drove her rented Mercedes (Miami inconspicuous) to Harold Perla’s shop, Discount Discoveries. It was a low one-story building with a giant inflatable gorilla tethered to the roof. The gorilla was held a sign that said ‘We’ve gone bananas!’
Alicia parked in the lot and did a signal sweep. She found an audio feed at a law enforcement frequency —probably FBI since NSA could just listen to the mics in the environment like she did, and local cops would only bug someone if the crime was drug related. Alicia pulled up the FBI database mirror on her Industry laptop and searched Perla’s name. It seemed that he was under investigation for fraud. He was suspected of cheating his Korean distributer out of a lot of money through fake returns. She noted a couple of interesting details in the surveillance report for the day that Serena had disappeared.
A loud electronic PING sounded as Alicia entered the store. A salesman asked if he could help her and she told him she was looking for Harold Perla. The salesman left and a moment later Perla appeared and asked what he could do for her. “I’m from Fox News, and we’re very interested in seeing those photos of you and Serena Michaels.”
He smiled and told her to follow him. His office was a chrome and black vinyl affair with a small palm tree dying of too much water in the corner. The blinds cast stripes of morning sunlight on the back wall. Harold sat behind his desk and smiled at Alicia, who rolled an office chair over and sat down. “I have other offers.” He said. “I won’t say for how much. I’m not interested in a bidding war and I told MSNBC the same thing. Just make your first offer the most you’re willing to pay. If you don’t hear from me, then the photos are going elsewhere.” Harold frowned at Alicia because she was laughing at him.
“I’m not really from Fox, I apologize for the ruse. I just wanted to get you alone in a room. I know that you’ve never met Serena Michaels in your life. I work as a private investigator, and I was hired by Samiyata Distribution Incorporated out of Seoul to gather evidence for a civil suit against you. I’ve had you under surveillance for the past two months. I know you’re a whore-monger and that you take pictures of your encounters with prostitutes. I saw you pick up a young woman in Little Haiti on the day of the hurricane, a woman with black hair about Serena’s length. But Harold, you and I both know that she doesn’t look enough like Serena Michaels to fool anybody. The picture Anderson Cooper showed on the air was a photoshop job, and not a good one. I’m surprised CNN hasn’t already started issuing apologies and retractions. You know that your story won’t hold... You must. Did you think Serena’s family would pay you without actually looking at the pictures? And if you do manage to sell them to a network, they won’t be happy. This isn’t a drug deal, if they pay for one thing and you give them something else, they can sue you.”
“You think you’ve got me figured out? Well if I’m such a rube, what are you doing here? You think Samiyata would appreciate this little visit?” Harold lit a cigarette with a leopard-print Bic. “You’re wildcatting huh? You think I’ll pay you to keep quiet...”
“I don’t want your money.” Alicia said. “Right now I want you to come to the realization that you’ve been set up. The person who put this idea in your head and facilitated it wants you to be exposed as a fraud. You’re a patsy Mr. Perla… Oh, that has a nice ring to it: ‘you’re a patsy Mr. Perla.’ That could be a show-tune.”
Harold Perla’s face reddened. “Get to the point or get the fuck out.”
“The point is that I have a much bigger story to sell to the media. Some person or group of people is trying to manipulate the Serena Michaels story. That’s bigger news than ‘she spent a couple nights shacked up with a furniture salesman.’ The truth is much weirder, and it’s going to generate some real money. One side will pay me to stay quiet or the other will pay me to talk. You can help me out here. You’ve been set up, but you haven’t been knocked down yet. There’s still time to turn the tables, and all you have to do is tell the truth.”
“Why should I help you?”
“I can pay you a fee.” Alicia said. “It won’t be a life-changing amount of money, but it won’t be nothing either. And nothing is exactly what you’ll get on your current trajectory.”
“You work for Samiyata Distribution.” He said. “So I suppose if I do what you want, my legal troubles will go away.”
Alicia smiled. “Of course not.” She said. “I can’t wave a magic wand and change your crooked past, but I can do something about your fucked-up future if you’ll listen to me. You were due to find out about the set-up soon, probably later today. CNN will apologize and declare your story fake. At that point, you’ll scream that you were put up to it, but no one will believe you. Why should they? You’re a liar and you don’t have any evidence to prove your side of the story. But if you get out ahead of it, like if you called the news director now and told them you were set-up. Then your claims would hold more weight.”
Perla had been letting his cigarette burn and he suddenly remembered he was holding it and took a drag. Alicia waited patiently while he thought of what to say next. “I can’t trust you because I still don’t understand how you plan to get paid all this.” He said.
“I’ve had you under surveillance. I’ve got audio and video of everything you’ve done and everyone you’ve met with.”
“Even my meetings with Paul?”
“That’s not his real name, but yes. He’s a lot more interesting to investigate than you are Harold, he’s got a lot more going on. Things that would be huge news stories if they got out. You’re going to help me and save your own ass at the same time. Just call your contact at CNN and tell them everything. When they ask why they should believe you, give them my number.” Alicia reached across his desk and took a pen from a cup. She wrote the name ‘Monica’ along with a random phone number on a post-it note. She stood up and looked at Perla. She could see the wheels slowly turning in his head. He looked shell-shocked. She smiled at him and walked out of his office, thinking about a place she knew of near the Fontainebleau Hotel that made the most divine Cuban sandwiches.



15
The day after Harold Perla’s interview on CNN, the writer Herman Castillo, and the theater director, Arthur Emanuel Noone, met at a tea shop and talked about working together. Smik had been right, the search for Lenny had brought them closer together and now they considered each other friends. Both men were gay, but they were classified as sexually incompatible, and Herman was in a stable relationship with another man. If Smik hadn’t been busy impersonating a lawyer at the Mother-House, he could’ve prevented the meeting. He didn’t get around to reading the transcript from their conversation until that night. The transcript was clean, taken from the audio feed of Arthur Emanuel Noone’s Mac Book Pro, which must’ve been on the table between the two men at InsaniTea in Nob Hill:

Castillo: What are you working on?
Noone: A grant proposal. I probably won’t get it. This foundation hardly ever funds new stagings of old plays. That’s one of the reasons I wanted to talk to you. New stuff gets funded easier.
Castillo: Since you mentioned it the other day, I’ve been looking at some of my short stories, and I think there are a couple that would work as plays. But it would be more fun to come up with something new.
Noone: Have you ever written a play?
Castillo: No, but if Shakespeare could do it, how hard could it be?
Noone: What did you have in mind?
Castillo: I’ve been thinking about this situation with Lenny going missing. Specifically that guy George and what his role is. I feel like I could write about it. Not directly of course, but using George and Michael as characters.
Noone: Would George be evil?
Castillo: I’m not sure yet. Did you see how he stayed right next to Michael on Wednesday when Michael was talking to the news people and everything? What the heck’s going on there?
Noone: It might be a sex thing. Michael’s not picky. Or Maybe George is the kind of guy who gets off on drama —huffing the fumes of human tragedy.
Castillo: Maybe. You know that kid Chris who bartends at Reverie? He sometimes has dates with George and he told me the guy has a secret room in his house, a hidden room, with like, a pyramid in the middle and a bunch of cow skulls on the walls. He said it was some kind of satanic shrine.
[laughter — 1.37 seconds]
Noone: You’re fucking kidding me! That guy has a satanic shrine in his house?
Castillo: That’s what Chris told me. He’s into some weird shit.
Noone: I like the elements —would it be a suspense piece?
Castillo: Sure, but it would have some humor to it too. If possible, the tone should be melodramatic without becoming camp. Does that make sense?
Noon: It makes perfect sense. So what happens in this play?
Castillo: Our protagonist meets an older rich man who’s very generous and they become friends. He thinks he can get some perks for being this guy’s connection to a younger scene, but he comes to find out this old guy is into the occult, and he starts to pressure our protagonist to take part in some ritual. This is the comedy part of the play, I mean, your first reaction when you heard about George’s shrine was laughter right? It’s funny, and the ritual, when our hero goes for it, will be ridiculous. But still, he becomes an initiate of this guy’s occult order. And it works, the guy takes him under his wing and thinks he’s found a protégé. Our hero starts reaping the rewards of having a friend like George: clothes, drugs, restaurants, nightclubs, and access to his vacation house. Our protagonist and his boyfriend decide to go up there for a romantic getaway.
Noone: But the boyfriend goes missing.
Castillo: Exactly. So of course our protagonist, and the audience, immediately assumes it was the George character, the occultist. Our hero is approached by the homicide detective who’s assigned to the case. This detective has been watching George for a long time because he’s a conservative Jesus freak and George had legally forced the city to put up a satanic plaque next to the ten commandments outside the courthouse...
Noone: Topical!
Castillo: Right. So the detective encourages our protagonist —I’m just going to call him Michael— the detective encourages Michael to continue his apprenticeship with George, thinking he’ll be able to gather some evidence that way. But the problem is, all the evidence seems to implicate Michael, not George. The detective starts to turn on Michael, but Michael believes that George is the one planting that evidence. He thinks George is trying to frame him for his boyfriend’s murder.
Noone: The Michael character is under pressure from both sides…
Castillo: Yes. So Michael is trying to prove that he’s being set up, but meanwhile the detective has shifted the focus of his investigation onto him… I’m not sure how the end will shake out, but I’m thinking Michael comes home one evening to find George in his bedroom, doing a hexy-looking ritual, and confronts him, but George says it was a ritual of protection because he found out that the police think Michael is the murderer and they’re coming for him. After George leaves, Michael finds his boyfriend’s severed head in his fridge. This triggers some kind of psychotic break where the Michael character actually believes he must be the killer, and he starts talking to the head, and the head talks back, telling him scary shit about the afterlife and the hidden forces that rule human culture.
Noone: I like the late turn to surrealism.
Castillo: And also, the head tells him that it’s his fate to spend the rest of his life in a cell because the detective is on his way to arrest him. Michael, paranoid, looks out the window and sees the detective coming, so he runs out the back way. And where’s he going?
Noone: To kill George.
Castillo: Right, because if he’s going to jail anyway, this is his last chance to get revenge. He murders George with a big knife and then sits by the corpse and waits for the police. But the police don’t come, just the detective. And this is the final reveal of the play because the detective is the real puppet-master behind the whole thing. He is part of the real occult order, and the whole thing has been an elaborate initiation. The detective has eliminated a pretender to secret knowledge and gotten a new acolyte, who must do as he’s told because the detective has two murders hanging over his head. So the play ends with the Michael character becoming the puppet of evil men. He vows his undying allegiance to Baphomet or whatever and they all live happily ever after.
[laughter/clapping — 2.21 seconds]
Noone: Yes. I love it, and I could do it with only four actors. Three if I have the same actor play the boyfriend and the detective. How soon could I have a script?
Castillo: If I drop everything I could probably have a rough draft by next month.
Noone: That’s perfect. It’s a commercial black box piece, just exactly what I need. Shit, we could do it right here in this tea shop if we wanted to. Herman, I love you. 

The plot of the play, as outlined by Castillo, unconsciously mocked the Industry. It would be infectious —laughing at the idea of a middle-aged occultist. And the black comedy ending, which hinted at a wider more sinister conspiracy, would subliminally deliver the message that success only came to those who served a cruel and absurd power structure. A lot of work had gone into creating a cultural environment that both reinforced paranoia and deadened curiosity. But that balance was, and had always been, fragile. The Industry stayed hidden because most people went to extreme lengths to avoid looking at things that terrified them. Castillo and Noone’s play would undermine that fear. And Smik had seen similar work spread like a contagion. If he couldn’t undermine it at the outset, he’d be putting out fires in all of his social pods before long.
The failed murder-suicide left Smik scrambling. He decided to distract Herman Castillo with a medical emergency. He made the necessary call to the University of New Mexico Medical Center, Castillo’s closest hospital, and spoke with Dr. Marcia Wang. Wang had been promoted to a high position thanks to her very illegal dealings with a pharmaceutical rep. She’d committed the hospital to buying overpriced interferon in exchange for shares in the privately-held company. When the company went public, she would become a millionaire many times over. Her financial ties to the company would become public knowledge at that point, but by then she would be rich enough to bear the appearance of a conflict of interest. She would say that she’d spotted a good company and invested wisely, and then retire to concentrate on her true passion: dogs —specifically Basenjis. Her dream was to breed Basenjis on a farm somewhere north of where she was. Santa Fe maybe.
But in the meantime, she lived in fear of being exposed. She enjoyed doing things for the Industry because it meant that she was safe for a little while longer. It got her closer to her Basenjiful future, and farther from her fraudful past. She’d begun to understand that there was a hidden power structure that she served, and she hoped it would show her mercy. Smik doubted that she would ever get to that Basenji farm. How would it benefit the Industry to have a doctor raising dogs in Santa Fe? She was much more useful where she was —the head of the cardiology department at UNMMC. 
The novice playwright was out for his morning bike ride when Smik entered his apartment with a master key. Castillo’s boyfriend was at work, so the place was empty except for two cats. Smik knew Castillo’s routine: he would come home from his ride, take a shower, make himself tea, and then sit down to write. Smik had a vial filled with highly concentrated pseudoephedrine and THC which he poured into the tea kettle on the cold stovetop. If needed, Castillo would add water from the tap, but he never dumped the old water out. Smik looked at the boxes of tea on top of the fridge. If Castillo chose something like chamomile or calming lavender, he’d probably taste the solution. Smik put the peppermint and ginger-turmeric tea boxes in front. The pseudoephedrine would make his heart race, and the THC concentrate would bring on waves of anxiety.
His medical records showed a family history of heart problems, so there was a slight chance that the speed would cause a real heart attack, but it was a risk Smik was willing to take.
Back at the office, Smik watched Herman Castillo through the camera on the writer’s Dell Inspiron laptop. He was struggling to put sentences into a word document. He’d write something, then delete it, then write something else, check Twitter, take a sip of tea, think for a moment, then go back and delete what he’d written and start over. Smik could see the color draining from his face with each sip of tea. He figured the panic was about to set in when Alicia called. “Perla’s neutralized.” She said. “He’s going back on his story today —CNN will probably have Anderson Cooper do a retraction and apologize on his show tonight.”
“Good.” Smik said. Castillo was up and walking around the house now.
“I’m on my way to Bradenton.” Alicia said. “How are things on your end?”
“Serena Michaels is in talks with NBC News about doing a special. They want to get the thing on-air next week.” Smik said.
“Good.” Alicia said. “Listen, after I spoke with Perla, a local Human Resources agent paid me a visit. Turns out this Perla guy was compelled to give that TV interview by one of ours. We were right, the whole thing was a setup.”
“Yeah, when I looked up Perla’s file, I thought he might well be classified as an Exotic Asset. There’s a rumor that Ben Scanlon is on the Michaels op.” Smik watched Castillo try to regulate his breathing. He was in the middle of his living room, leaning over with his hands on his knees.
“Exotic Assets is on this show? Fuck. That’s annoying. If the Imposters would just tell us what they were trying to do, our jobs would be a lot easier.”
“What do you think happened to Serena on that beach?”
“It doesn’t matter.” Alicia said. “The result is what matters. She was gone, and everyone was worried about her, and now she’s back and people want to know what happened. I think it’s safe to assume that that’s exactly what the Imposters were going for. They want everyone leaning in —and we’re just two more pedestrians out here waiting to see what happens next.”
Smik sighed. “Was it like this during the Inland Empire uprising?” Castillo was now calling someone on the phone.
“No, by the time I got there, the Imposters had already written it off as a loss so I had a free hand.”
“Let me know what you find out in Bradenton.”
Alicia agreed and ended the call.
Smik turned up the audio from Castillo’s phone and heard him tell his boyfriend that he was going to the ER. Eakins was standing over Smik’s desk looking down at him. Smik muted his laptop audio. “What?” He asked.
“I was just notified that one of our stents was requested at the University of New Mexico Medical Center. Do you know what that’s about?” He asked.
“Herman Castillo, the PC writer, is currently having an episode that will be diagnosed as a minor heart attack. Our contact at the hospital will install the stent in…” He looked at the time on the corner of his computer screen. “Half an hour, give or take.”
“Why didn’t you tell me about it in advance?” Eakins asked. “I could’ve requested the latest model. The one he’ll get only has a 92% success rate when activated. The new ones are up to 96%”
“I won’t ever need to activate it. The point isn’t the stent, the point is to distract him so he won’t finish what he’s writing anytime soon. After Lenny Klinger’s remains are found, he can write whatever he likes, it’ll have a pall over it. But right now, I’ve got two overlapping pods full of people who feel like they can accomplish anything. It’s dangerous.”
“Yeah, but we’re part of a larger system here,” Eakins said, “you always seem to forget that. Do you have any idea the amount of work that’s gone into medicalizing consumers? By the time Medicare for All passes in 2030, an actual majority of Americans will be hooked on our pharmaceuticals, and we’ll have a near-perfect success rate on our implants. By 2034, all of our PCs will be biologically dependent on us in one way or another. No more messing around with black-ops and poisons. One tap of the finger and they’re gone. If we’re out here implanting old tech in people, we aren’t helping to make that vision a reality.”
“I forgot about the upgrade alright? I’m sorry.” Smik said. “We aren’t going to need to activate it. Castillo’s not the type to go full-caustic on us. He’s gotten pretty cozy where he’s at.” Smik looked down at his screen. Paramedics were strapping Castillo to a gurney. “They’re taking him now. I’ve gotta get over there and clean out the guy’s tea kettle.”



16
Dr. Maria Rago, head of the trauma department at Bradenton Memorial Hospital, was eager to tell the truth about her role in the treatment of Serena Michaels. “Right after the press conference, she was taken out of my care. I really only had direct contact with her on the day she came in.”
“But it’s your department.” Alicia said. “Why wouldn’t you be the lead doctor on such a high-profile case?”
“It was taken away from me.” She said. “That’s why I alerted your office. I knew that corporate would want to know —Bendell Medical is liable here. I don’t say this lightly, but Dan Costa and the administrative team acted very irresponsibly during this whole episode. They let outside people come in here and take over. They even brought in their own equipment! I mean, staff didn’t know anything about these people or where they came from. I assumed NBC wanted to cover their ass so they brought in specialists from Hopkins or somewhere, but I never saw any credentials and my complaints went ignored. I really considered filing a formal complaint against Dan. I like him as a person, but I was undermined here.”
“Well, I certainly understand your concern.” Alicia said. “And believe me, some of us at the head office were very perplexed by the actions of Mr. Costa in this matter. That’s why they sent me.”
“These people practically took over a whole wing of the hospital. They brought in banks of computers and brain imaging equipment —as if our equipment wasn’t good enough. You’d have thought we were a hospital in Sarajevo the way they acted. Isn’t our MRI machine as good as theirs? I didn’t understand it at all.”
“What can you tell me about the people that came in? Can you give me some specifics?”
“No, I never got much information about them. Dan introduced me to a short blonde man who had a Dutch name. Van Dike or Van Dick or something. Dan said we were supposed to give him anything he needed, but it turned out the only thing he needed was space. We were left completely in the dark.”
“This constitutes a significant legal exposure.” Alicia said. “It’s a serious breach of protocol. I know I don’t have to tell you that corporate is trying to keep this whole thing quiet. We want this to be dealt with internally.”
“Of course.” Dr. Rago said. “Have you spoken to Dan?”
Alicia shook her head. “Once I have all the information, we’ll give Dan Costa a chance to tell his side of the story… Right before we officially terminate his employment.”
That seemed to please Dr. Rago. Alicia stood and shook the doctor’s hand. “If you think of anything else that might help, give me a call at the number I gave you. I’ll be in touch.” She said.

The hospital security cameras had lots of footage of the small Dutch man the doctor had mentioned, but his face wasn’t in the Industry’s facial recognition database. That told Alicia that he was either an Industry agent or working in a high-security Industrial program.
She had planned to drive all the way back down to Miami that night, but she was tired and she wanted to watch Anderson Cooper’s retraction, so she got herself a room at the local Marriott. Cooper began his show with a heartfelt apology directed toward his viewers and Serena Michaels personally. “I was trying to shed some light on what might’ve happened during those lost days, but I wound up giving a platform to a man who was lying, plain and simple. It was a mistake and I want to say, in all sincerity, that I’m sorry. I should never have had him on the show and we should’ve done better due diligence on our end. I promise that we’ll do better going forward.”
Alicia pulled up the transcripts from Harold Perla’s recent cellphone calls and found that he’d had a long conversation with a producer at Fox News. Apparently they were reluctant to have him on to explain how he’d been manipulated into making his false claim. Alicia checked the conspiratoriat index and found that it was at 17% —which wasn’t bad. Most posts seemed to be in the ‘he was telling the truth/someone got to Anderson’ camp. The other theory was that the illuminati didn’t want people to believe that Serena had had a supernatural religious experience, so they were preemptively dragging her down into the mud.
Alicia called Del for a tech assist.
“I never hear from you anymore.” He said.
“What I’m doing right now isn’t marketing, it’s exactly what I told you it would be: cleaning up a mess. I need a clone of Harold Perla’s primary computer.”
“You know the Serena Michaels story has dropped to 12% market share. If it wasn’t for this Anderson Cooper thing, it might be in the single digits.”
“Don’t worry, it’s going up.” She said. “How long until I have my clone?”
“A couple of hours.” Del said.
Alicia spent the time composing an email in the voice of Harold Perla. It would be sent to the FBI, CIA, NSA, DHS, and a handful of news organizations and alt-right websites:

To whom it may concern,
I didn’t want to lie about being with Serena Michaels while she was missing. I was forced to do so by my Controller. Some people within the United States government know very well that there are Others among us who use people like me to do tasks that they cannot do themselves. They are very adept at staying shrouded in secrecy. I know that it might sound like the ramblings of a crazy man and it’s true that I am disturbed, but only because my Controller has made me that way. Even if no one believes me, I have a responsibility to the human race to tell the truth. Maybe it takes a hundred pieces of evidence to convince someone. In that case, this letter might be the first, fiftieth, or hundredth piece of the puzzle. Either way, it’s worth writing.
I have been under the control of these Others since I was twelve years old. They used to come to me at night and show me things. Things a child shouldn’t have seen. I became their slave slowly over the course of many years. At age 23, they implanted me with a device that has destroyed my ability to resist them in any way. When they say jump, I jump. I have no choice. When I’m acting under their direction, I cannot be held responsible for what I do. They were the ones in control when I appeared on television last night.
What happened to Serena Michaels is of great interest to the Others. Whether they are behind the whole thing, or are just trying to manipulate it after the fact, I do not know. All I know is that anything that happens to Serena Michaels from here on should be viewed with extreme skepticism.
As for me, once they find out about this email I will have to go into hiding. They don’t like to be named or identified, especially by someone who they view as their property. They actually think I’m on their side! I don’t know how my betrayal will be repaid, but I am a human being and I have a duty to my fellow human beings to try to stop this insanity. I am not a brave man, I am not a hero, I am just a man who is willing to stand up and speak the truth, even if it means the end of my life.
Call me crazy if you want to, but what I have written here is the absolute truth, so help me god. Please investigate this. It’s the most important thing you will ever do.
In all sincerity,
Harold Perla

She was about to find the nearest bar for a vodka sleeping aid when her phone buzzed. It was the doctor, Maria Rago. “I thought of something else that might help you find out who that little Dutch man was.” She said.
“Okay…”
“I’d rather tell you in person.” She said. “I know it’s late, but I don’t want to talk about this stuff on the phone.”
“Well, I was thinking about a drink.” Alicia said. “Would you like to join me?”
She agreed to meet and suggested the local TGI Fridays. Alicia looked up the recent call history on the doctor’s phone and saw a lengthy call to the offices of Bendell Medical Services, where Alicia had claimed to be from. She wished she’d set up transcription on the doctor’s cell, but she hadn’t thought it was necessary. Anyway, she could imagine what had been said. Rago had checked up on Alicia and found out she was a fake. There was no call to the police, either from Rago or Bendell Medical, so at least Rago had managed to keep the information to herself.
She watched the GPS from the doctor’s phone on her laptop. The doctor arrived at the restaurant twenty minutes before the agreed upon time of 10:30, but did not go inside. The phone stayed in the parking lot. Alicia made the five minute drive to the restaurant and saw the doctor’s Nissan Armada in the parking lot, but it looked empty. Either Rago had left her phone in the car, or she’d ducked down to hide.
Alicia entered the restaurant and crossed over to the bar keeping an eye on the parking lot through the front window. Rago got out of the Armada and took some pictures of Alicia’s rental car with her phone. She got a close-up of the license plate. Alicia ordered a Grey Goose martini and waited for the amateur detective.
Rago came in pretending she was on a phone call. She smiled and nodded at Alicia and took the stool next to her. “Yes, that’s why I ordered the tests.” She said into the phone as she sat down. She held her phone and turned her head so she was looking at the screen and then tapped it. “There.” She said to Alicia. “Now I have a picture of you.”
Alicia sipped her drink. “Good work.” She said. “How do you plan to attach a name to my face? The license plate of my rental car? I doubt you could access the Hertz company’s database and who says I rented the car under my real name? Besides, even if you do get my name, what are you going to do with it? Sue me? Google me?”
“I just want to have some evidence that you’re a real person. You tricked me into violating HIPAA laws. I thought I was talking to a professional in the medical industry, not some hack journalist.”
“I’m not a journalist. I’m here to test the integrity of the Serena Michaels story. We don’t want anyone to know about the medical team that came in to treat her. It’s something that people wouldn’t understand. I didn’t suppose you’d want to admit that you never treated Serena Michaels, but I was wrong. You couldn’t wait to distance yourself from it. Right now, you seem like the person most likely to start running your mouth to the press. My partners and I are going to have to huddle together to decide what to do about you.”
“You’re not working on a story?”
“No, but the next person who comes along might be. You’ve already been publicly identified as Serena Michaels’ doctor. You’re the woman who nursed her back to health, that’s what everybody thinks. They saw you on TV at that press conference. You looked strong and competent.”
“They said I should represent the medical team. I had no idea they were going to take the patient away from me.” Rago quieted down when the bartender came and asked what she wanted. She ordered a scotch and soda. When he’d left, she spoke again, more quietly. “I assumed I would be the lead doctor.”
“Right.” Alicia said. “And everyone thinks you were. So now you have a choice. Either do what you tried to do this afternoon when I spoke with you —deny that you ever treated Michaels and distance yourself— or continue to let people believe you nursed Serena back to health.”
“Why would I do that?” Rago asked. “I don’t know what kind of medical care she got. I mean, from what I could tell, their methods were unorthodox.”
Alicia sipped her martini. “She received the best care that money can buy, I assure you.” The bartender came over and set Rago’s drink in front of her. Alicia continued, “I sincerely doubt that they did anything you wouldn’t have approved had you been in the loop.”
“Even so…”
“The whole country is focused on this story, and it’s not going away. I happen to know that NBC is going to air a news special about Serena Michaels very soon. They’ll want to talk to you, so I guess you have a choice to make. If you continue to let people believe that you treated her, it could be very good for you. On the other hand, if you deny it, you’ll look weak and maybe even dishonest in front of the whole world. You’ll be the woman who had no control over what was happening in her own department and misrepresented herself on TV.”
Dr. Rago sipped her drink. “I didn’t want to do that stupid press conference.” She said. “When they told me I was supposed to go out there, I dreaded it. I’m not the type of person that likes to be the center of attention.”
“But I assume you like money.” Alicia said. “And I could help you monetize your situation. How would you like a book deal? I could get a half a mil advance for a book from the doctor who treated Serena Michaels. You don’t even have to write anything, we’ll just hire some scribbler to do it. And that’s not all, every time you appear on TV, it’s a chance to make money. You’re a strong independent professional woman, a doctor, and health is a very lucrative category. I could guarantee you seventy five thousand dollars if you happen to be wearing a FitBit when they interview you for the Serena Michaels news special.”
“What are you talking about? How could you guarantee that? Do you work for a publishing house? Do you work for FitBit?”
“In the next couple of days, expect a package with a FitBit along with a check for 37.5 K. That’s half of the payment to wear it on TV. Make sure the camera sees it, and another check will be sent.”
“But what do I tell the IRS? That kind of money, I mean… I’ll have to report it.”
“Go right ahead, it’s not illegal.” Alicia said. “People do product placements for money all the time. What do they call it these days… Influence. You’re an influencer.”
“I still don’t understand who it is that you work for.” Rago said.
“It’s an elite marketing firm. We handle a special kind of covert marketing —the kind that isn’t easily identifiable as marketing.”
“Were you serious about the publishing contract?”
“Absolutely.” Alicia said. “Do you have an idea for a book?”
“I’ve always thought about writing a book of tips for healthy living.” She sipped her scotch and soda. “Have you seen the way most Americans live? What they eat? The amount of exercise they get?”
“Your book could make a difference.” Alicia said.
“And all I have to do is pretend that I treated Serena Michaels…”
“Which everyone already believes anyway.”
Dr. Maria Rago downed the rest of her drink. “Okay,” she said, “I can do that.”

Alicia put in a call to the local Industry hub to let them know that she’d compromised a high level doc at Bradenton Memorial. She got back to her hotel room and found that Perla’s laptop clone was ready. She sent the email, then stripped down and got into bed for some much-needed sleep. The next day, she’d have to drive back to Miami to tie up one more loose end.



17
Smik hadn’t put a surveillance order on Loek’s trash, so it was possible that he’d simply thrown away his boyfriend’s head —but that didn’t seem likely. With Castillo’s ‘heart attack,’ Smik didn’t need the shock of a murder to sap the insurgent theatrical production of its counter-Industrial power. But Smik still wondered who was protecting Loek and why. The obvious answer was the Exotic Assets agent Ben Scanlon, but Smik didn’t want to make any assumptions. It could be closer to the plot of Castillo’s play: George McCandless grooming an acolyte for fun and profit.
So it was an abundance of caution, and certainly not paranoia, that brought Smik out to trail Michael Loek again. He was on his way to work, and the same empty school bus appeared in front of him. It slowed and then stopped with its red lights flashing and the stop sign out. Loek stopped and Smik stopped behind him and the strobe on top of the bus flashed down on both of them. Smik thought Loek must’ve noticed that no children had gotten on or off the bus. It began moving again and turned at the next intersection. Smik left Loek and followed the bus.
After a half-hour journey, it finally pulled into a lot that was full of other school busses underneath a freeway overpass. He parked a block and a half away and put on his baseball cap and a pair of safety goggles that looked like normal glasses. He carried a heavy duffle bag into the lot, passing an empty security shack. He identified his strobe bus by its number and took a high-powered DeWalt circular saw with a steel-cutting blade out of the bag. He flipped the switch and the saw whined to life.
Smik cut through the Plexiglas panel on the door and the high pitched screech reverberated off the bottom of the concrete overpass above him. He made one long vertical cut and then another. He connected the cuts horizontally at the bottom, and then at the top, and stepped back as the panel fell from the door. The saw was making such an unholy racket that he didn’t hear the two men yelling at him to stop. When he finally noticed them, he killed the motor. “What’sa matter?” He asked.
There was a big tall man and a shorter fat man with a moustache standing there staring at him. Smik took them for mechanics, not security guards. “What the fuck are you doing to that bus?” The big man asked.
“Takin’ the door panel off,” Smik said as he set the saw down, “what’s it look like?”
Both men stepped forward and appraised his handiwork. “What are you, some kinda nut?” The big man asked. “You just destroyed this goddamned door. This is pure vandalism.”
Smik scoffed. “Vandalism? I’m just doing my job pal, I was sent here by Mr. Jacobson and he warned me about you —he said you might try to give me some flak. You’d know what was going on if you checked your emails once in awhile.”
The two men looked at each other and then back at Smik. “Yeah,” the big one said, “why dontcha come along with us while I verify that, okay buddy?”
“You guys are gonna slow me down.” Smik said. “Look I have the work-order right here.” He knelt down to his duffle bag and came up holding what looked like a small fire extinguisher. He sprayed a yellowish foam onto the big guy’s face and then turned it on the short man who crumpled straight down. The big one wasn’t so lucky. He fell backward and hit his head on the concrete. “That’s going to hurt when you wake up.” Smik said to the unconscious man. Both of them were on the ground with foam bubbling on their faces. When it had fully dissolved, they would wake up very confused. Smik picked up the cutter and got on the bus.
He could see where the strobe was by the large bolt on the inside of the roof. He fired up the saw again and climbed up onto the seats, awkwardly straddling the aisle. The blade screamed as it cut through the roof of the bus. Smik had to move to different seats twice to complete the work. Finally, the small section of the roof with the strobe on it fell to the floor of the bus, just missing hitting Smik in the face. Smik took the strobe and the cutter and climbed back out through the hole in the door. He put everything back in the duffle bag, stepped over the unconscious mechanics, and walked away. 

Melody Micronian lived in a defunct Fina gas station in West Mesa. The gas pumps looked like they’d been installed in 1978 and had stopped being used sometime in the 90s. The windows had a reflective plastic coating on the inside which at first glance could be mistaken for tinfoil. It kept the inside cool. Smik punched-in his number on the key pad and the door unlocked. He still carried the duffle bag, but had taken the tools out. The only thing in it now was the strobe, still attached to a section of the bus’ roof.
Inside, the temperature was cool but the lighting was warm —the former gas station had been transformed into a bohemian living space. There were white Christmas lights strung across the ceiling and a low couch in front of a big screen TV. There was a DJ setup in the corner —two Technic 1200 turntables, a simple mixer, and eight or nine crates of records. There were lots of overlapping throw rugs on the floor and a curtain separated the bed and bathroom from the rest of the space. Every time Smik came to see Micronian he wondered if she really lived there or if it was all for show.
He went into the garage to the elevator doors, which looked like they’d been recycled from an old hotel without having been cleaned. They had a dull brass varnish that was worn down along the edges. Smik touched the iPad on the wall in front of the elevator, and hit the ‘call’ button. After a moment, Micronian’s face appeared on the screen. She was streaked with grease and sweaty. “You bring me something?” She asked.
“Yeah. You got a minute?”
“Sure, I’m at the airport, I’ll send the elevator up for you and meet you down in the lab.” The screen went dark and almost immediately the elevator doors parted. It was smaller than a regular elevator, made of hard plastic, and it had an old car-seat bolted to the floor. Smik sat down. The doors closed and he braced himself as the elevator dropped. He wasn’t sure how far down Miconian’s lab was, but it felt like one of those drop rides at an amusement park: his stomach rose into his throat and the fall lasted so long that his senses almost equalized to it before the hissing air brake pressed him down into the recycled car seat and the ride was over. The doors opened and Smik went down the hall into the large open workspace. There were five different computer setups, two 3D printers, and various large metal-working machines. Melody Micronian was sitting at one of the computers, and she turned to greet him. She’d washed her face, but there was still a streak of grease on her left temple.
“I thought you said you were at the airport.” 
“I was.” She said. “I’ve got the transport time down to just over two minutes. Once it’s down to a minute and forty five seconds I’ll be ready to call in the inspectors. With the numbers I’m getting, they’ll have to fund the Santaquerque project.”
“What’s the proposed time between here and Santa Fe?” Smik asked.
“Eleven point six minutes.” She said. “It’s the perfect route to prove the viability of my propulsion system because Santa Fe is already half a mile higher than us in elevation.”
“I see how that helps coming here from Santa Fe but doesn’t that work against you going the other direction?”
“The way the system is set up, there’s always a low pressure air column in front of the car and a high pressure column behind it. It’s the disequilibrium in the energy required to go one way versus the other that makes the system work. All the heat created through friction as the car comes this way is used to push the other car toward Santa Fe. The whole thing is actually very primitive. It’s just pushing air around —of course it’s doing it in a highly efficient manner. In fact, that’s the problem, it’s too efficient. The high pressure column gets so hot it’s been melting the baring stabilizers. I’m testing some new carbon fiber stabilizers but I’m not sure it’s going to work.”
“You think you’ll get your funding?”
She nodded her head. “I’d better get it…” She said. “I mean, if I don’t…”
“Well I’ve got something a lot simpler for you.” Smik said. He unzipped the duffle bag and pulled out the hunk of metal with the strobe attached.
Micronian laughed. “I thought you were the ones putting these out.” She said.
“It’s generally Consumer Conditioning, but I’m not sure what this one’s pushing. Can you tell me?”
“Sure.” She said. She brought the heavy chunk of metal and plastic over to a work table and began removing the plastic dome from the strobe. She unscrewed the base of the light and opened it up, exposing the circuit board. She soldered two wires to pins on the board and connected the wires to inputs on what looked like a digital audio recorder. She hit record on the device and turned the strobe on. It flashed on and off twelve times before she stopped it. She connected the device via USB to one of her computers and moved some files around on the screen.
After a minute or so, a packet of images popped up and Micronian rolled her office chair aside so Smik could look at them. There were six pictures being beamed into Michael Loek’s subconscious. Three were familiar images of Serena Michaels: with a microphone, reporting on hurricane Evan; hovering above the ocean, illuminated; and leaving the hospital in Bradenton wearing a baseball cap. These were interspersed with three other images which were religious in nature: an icon of the Virgin of Guadalupe that looked unmistakably vaginal, with a flowing, labia-like gown; Jesus Christ, bloody on the cross; and the Venus of Willendorf, the famous little chubby goddess statue that dated back to the stone age.
“I guess she’s supposed to be the second coming.” Micronian said.
“Yeah it looks that way.” Smik said.
“She’s from around here isn’t she?”
“Yeah, and she’s in town now recuperating.” Smik said. “Can you do me a favor and delete these files and pretend I was never here?”
“Sure,” She said, “but I think its gonna be pretty obvious when the kids have a new sunroof on their school bus tomorrow morning.”



18
When Alicia parked in front of Harold Perla’s apartment building at 7:45 AM, he hadn’t checked his phone yet or booted up his computer, so she assumed he was still asleep. Her master key unlocked the front door, but a chain prevented entry. She took bolt cutters from her wetworks bag and snipped through the small golden chain. Perla was on his couch in a deep sleep. There was an empty Smirnoff bottle on the coffee table, along with a glass and a stamp bag that had a picture of Tony the Tiger on it.
She’d been worried that she might have to talk to him —come up with some reason for being there and then shoot him when he wasn’t looking. His being in a dope-induced near-coma made her job very simple. She went into the bedroom, got a pillow from his bed, and then pulled a belt from a pair of slacks on the floor. She folded the pillow and cinched the belt around it. She got out the .32 and switched the safety off. It had been over two years since she’d used a gun, and just as long since she’d killed anyone. She felt a slight tug of remorse, not for Perla but for herself. She was sorry that she’d reached the point where killing someone elicited no feelings at all, not even a slight fear of getting caught.
She stuffed the gun into the fold of the pillow and held it up to Perla’s left temple. She tried to remember if he was right or left handed because she wanted the gunshot wound to be on the wrong side. If he was right handed and shot himself in the left temple, that would be enough for the conspiracy theorists, but if he happened to be left handed it would mess up the optics. The gun would help though, because Perla most likely owned a firearm, so why would he use an untraceable .32?
She pulled the trigger and found that her makeshift silencer was not particularly effective. It was very loud. The bullet left a small smoking hole in Perla’s head which quickly filled with blood. She pulled the trigger again, taking a slightly different angle this time. That would do it —even if he was left handed. It was the calling card of an Industrial hit, two bullet wounds to the head but the coroner calls it a suicide. She pulled her hand out of the pillow and shoved Perla’s hand in. Before she left the apartment, she unscrewed the two parts of the sliding chain lock and put the pieces in her bag. Leaving the apartment, she could tell one of his neighbors was looking out through their peephole. She was glad.
She got in her rented Mercedes and headed toward the airfield where an Industry plane was waiting to take her back to New Mexico.

Alicia understood from an early age that stories shaped the world. She came to this knowledge after realizing that her parents’ marriage was fiction. Her father worked for the city of Los Angeles, in the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and her mother worked part-time as an English teacher for immigrants, mostly from Mexico and Central America. Alicia’s mother and father hated each other but neither one of them did anything about it. As Alicia knew by age ten, they simply hid that hatred. They hid it from each other, from the rest of the world, and to a certain extent from themselves. At such a tender age, discovering an unpleasant truth about her parents brought on a kind of identity crisis. Instead of asking herself how her parents could’ve been so deluded, she asked herself how she could’ve been so deluded.
She began looking for more fictions and, to her horror, found them in every single place she looked. And she herself was not immune to her own scrutiny. She was nothing that she thought she was, not pretty, not smart, not special. She was not headed for a glorious and privileged future, would never be surrounded by interesting and supportive friends, and would not find fulfillment in a series of passionate and exciting love affairs. She could see that none of these things actually existed, they were just things that people attributed to other people’s lives. No one viewed themselves in those terms. They were just stories people made up, either to fool themselves or others or, most often, both. They were stories made up to cover the terrifying truth: no one had any idea what a human being even was or why such a thing should exist.
After she had first come to this realization, she found that she could go long stretches without ever thinking about it. It was there when she needed it, when she was in physical or emotional distress, but she could leave it at the back of her mind and pretend things like grades and clothes were important. She could look at a human face and disregard the ridiculousness of its configuration —the holes of varying wetness, the odd patches of hair, the repulsive bumps and folds— she could just see ‘a face’ if she wanted to. But the alternative view was always available too. All she had to do was think about the tongue, its function, shape, and texture, and she would be right back to her alien worldview. She could always fall back on the knowledge that existence was a complete mystery to everyone and that everything within it was assigned importance arbitrarily or in relation to some story someone had made up. Even basic struggles for survival assumed that death was a negative outcome, an assumption that nobody had any evidence to support.
She found this alien worldview comforting, and as puberty wore on, she relied on it more and more. Eventually, she realized that she was having a hard time turning it off. The flimsiness of people’s beliefs was especially difficult to ignore. It was right there wherever she looked. Her mother became concerned when she was fifteen. One afternoon, she was laughing in her room and when her mother came in and asked her what was so funny, Alicia had made the mistake of telling her the truth. “The sun.” She said, barely able to get the words out through her laughter. “It’s a giant fireball in space, just burning away out there!”
“You’re sitting in your room laughing about the sun?”
“Watch out!” Alicia said, cracking up again. “It’ll burn your skin! Don’t look directly at it or you’ll go blind!” She doubled over on her bed, cackling.
Alicia’s mother sent her to a therapist.
Therapy was the first time that Alicia attempted to construct a long-form narrative in her real life. She knew the therapist would want to see a slow transition toward a well-adjusted state. She gave herself sixteen months and mapped out the arc for the character she would play. The first two months she would stonewall and oppose, then there would be a breakthrough session where she would cry. Over the following three months, she would share more and more intimate details, all invented of course. Then she would disclose something that the therapist would be obliged to tell her parents, at which point Alicia would revert back to her oppositional position, but even worse than before. Soon afterward, she would do something big that would be seen as a ploy for attention. Not a suicide attempt, maybe a flagrant act of vandalism or theft. She would tearfully admit that she needed help and begin ‘confiding’ in her therapist again. Over the following three months, she would show signs of improvement and talk about friends and teachers that she liked and had been connecting with. She would cultivate a support system and then she’d start missing sessions because of some new activity, something positive like joining the lacrosse team. After those last three well-adjusted months of treatment, her therapist wouldn’t fight it when her mother said she thought Alicia could stop coming.
The whole ruse wound up being much easier to pull off than she’d expected, and she had manipulated her way out of the therapist’s chair in thirteen months instead of sixteen.
She began mapping out narrative arcs for all the relationships in her life, and always constructed a character for herself that played into the other person’s self image. She could identify the discrepancy between how a person saw themselves and how they wanted the world to see them, and she found that she could play shamelessly toward the latter without the person ever catching on. She was able to see how body language, dress, and various contextual clues, like word choice, could be used to decode a person’s fears and desires. She saw that peoples’ identities were mostly just a form of defensive fiction they’d built for themselves.
It was easy for her to play her teachers and classmates. By the end of her high school years, she maintained a perfect 4.0 GPA but no one would say she was an academic overachiever. She was involved with some school groups, like chess club and the volleyball team, but no one would consider her a nerd or a jock. Her friendships connected her with various social groups but she was never considered to be part of any of them. No one in her high school would classify her as one of the ‘popular’ girls, but everyone knew her and took note of what she said and did. She was many teachers’ favorite student, but they all believed they favored her for attributes that only they could see. She found that her teachers’ vanity was easy to play on with a few choice questions during class and a steady improvement on tests and papers. She would talk to some of them after class too, if what they were teaching was something they seemed to be emotionally invested in making their students learn.
She first pinged on Industry radar during her senior year of high school. A Human Resources report on the social and institutional pods of the youth of South Pasadena identified her as the most influential person at her high school. This was the kind of information that was sold through back channels to corporations looking for market share. Cross Colors, a division of Benetton aimed at the teen market, sent her some merchandise —a backpack and an assortment of clothing. That first box came with a note saying that she had been selected for a free promotional giveaway. This worked for virtually every other teen the corporation sent such a box to, but Alicia saw through it immediately. What bothered her was how they knew what size pants she wore. If they knew that, what else did they know about her and how did they get that information? This was in the early nineties, before the internet made every personal detail and preference a matter of public record.
She knew that the only way to get their attention and have her curiosity satisfied was to not use any of the items they’d sent her. So she put the box in the back of her closet and waited. The marketing director for that area needed her to wear those clothes so she could check South Pasadena High School off of her list. Research showed that moving to the second most influential student could be counterproductive. It had to be Alicia Sche, but no matter how much stuff they sent her, she wouldn’t wear it. Finally, the marketing director just called her. “How did you know my pants size?” Alicia asked the woman.
“At some point your mom or dad must’ve filled out a form for you to receive our promo box. They would’ve put in your measurements, age, what school you attend, etcetera. Why, did we get it wrong?”
“No, it’s just strange that’s all.” Alicia said. “And honestly, I don’t believe my mom or dad ever filled out a form like that.”
“Is there a problem with the clothes? Do you not like the style or something? If you’d like, we could send you a catalogue and you can pick out whatever you want.”
“No, I like the clothes fine. I just want to know why I was selected to get them, that’s all.”
“Okay, well, we work with a market research company that’s very good at what they do. They identify influential people and we send those people clothes.”
“So since I’m so popular I get free stuff?”
“No, influence is different than popularity.” The woman said. “Related but different. What would it take to get you to start wearing Cross Colors?”
“Are you offering money?” Alicia asked.
“Is that what it would take?”
“My dad’s been bugging me about what I’m going to do this summer…”
“Oh. I could get you into the intern program here at Benetton.”
“No thanks, I was thinking more about that market research company you mentioned. The one that identifies influential people and knows what size pants I wear.”
“Oh.” She said. “That’s a little more difficult but let me see what I can do. I’ll get back to you soon.”
The next evening, she got a call from Pop Data Solutions and the following day she came to school with a Cross Colors backpack. Later in the week, she wore a Cross Colors top, then the pants. A couple of aggressive sophomore girls showed up in Cross Colors the following week, then over the next two weeks, passive juniors and seniors started picking up the brand. After Spring break, every student who could be influenced to change their wardrobe —almost all of them— had some Cross Colors in their closet. From that summer on, Alicia always worked for the Industry in some capacity.
Pop Data Solutions was an Industry front run by the Marketing and Human Resources divisions. Corporations whose success was deemed critical to some ongoing op were hooked up with PDS. If two companies were competing for the same customers, and one of them was working with PDS, the other was just roadkill. There was no competition. Alicia learned a lot that summer and when she entered college in the fall, she laughed at her economics professor who described the workings of a ‘free market.’
Pop Data Solutions had a wealth of information about consumers in all the major media markets in America. They had done considerable research on Alicia, and determined that she was not a threat, so they let her have access to the database without telling her how they got the information in it. It wasn’t just related to consumers’ buying habits either, there were psychological profiles of individuals, and Alicia could look up her teachers and see who was cheating on their spouses, who was addicted to pills, and who bought which kind of pornography. She understood that there was a hidden network of people collecting this information, but she wasn’t aware of the scope of it until later. She could sense that PDS was just in peripheral contact with some larger system of control. She wanted to get to the heart of it.
While she was a freshman at Cal State Fullerton, she let a junior econ major she’d been sleeping with fall in love with her. She felt comfortable with him and liked the fact that he understood instinctively that he was her intellectual inferior. Most guys were too stupid or vain to realize that. She was thinking that it might be necessary to set up some kind of conventional life for herself so that she could work for the real power behind PDS covertly. She was using him for training —to get used to having a guy around as cover. But when he asked her to move in with him, she decided it was time to break it off. He took an overdose of sleeping pills but his roommate found him in time and he had his stomach pumped. He spent the following month at an expensive facility for the mentally fragile.
He had been well-known on campus, so everybody looked at Alicia as some kind of strange and dangerous creature, and she used her new status as a renegade heartbreaker to her social advantage. In 1993, anything out of the ordinary or extreme in any way was viewed as cutting-edge. Alicia shaved part of her head, dyed her hair jet black, and got her tongue pierced. She started wearing combat boots and tight black jeans, and she noticed that people were suddenly afraid to approach her.
PDS loved her new image. Her mentor there, Talia Kulik, said they could use Alicia’s new identity to influence what passed for a counterculture at Fullerton. And it worked. If she wore a band’s t-shirt, you would hear that band on the college radio station. If she talked about a certain writer in a classroom discussion, two or three students in the class would buy that writer’s books. Every student who she came into contact with assumed that she knew things that they didn’t, and consciously or not, they looked to her for what was new, cool, and different. Once again, she had made herself influential without becoming popular. She maintained a few strategic friendships and on-again off-again sexual partners, but always kept herself emotionally removed from the people she interacted with.
She lived in fear of pride. She still saw every category of identity as a fiction, but it was becoming harder to pin down where her own false identity deviated from reality. She couldn’t help feeling proud when her PDS contact gave her an assignment that she executed way above expectations. She knew that every drop of pride was a drop of poisonous self-delusion. Also, when she looked in the mirror, she admired the image she’d created, and it almost felt like she was admiring herself. This could turn into a problem. So she was glad when the offer came to work for the Industry full-time. She dropped out of college, removed the stud from her tongue, and adopted an unremarkable personal style. She got an apartment under a false name in Los Angeles, and began her working life. She was the youngest person ever to have been made a full-fledged Industrial agent.
Her initial employment was subject to her satisfactory completion of a black-op. Usually they chose someone that the new agent might actually have a motive to kill so that they would have leverage against them. But her first Industry handler told her that the Imposters must’ve had a lot of faith in her, because they gave her a real job to do: she had to liquidate a popular children’s book author. At the time, she didn’t know why the Industry wanted him dead and she suspected that they chose him because they knew she’d read all of his books as a child. But she found out later it was because his work was subversive to a particular ongoing social conditioning op. The murder was to be blamed on his son, a Potentially Caustic disorganized drug addict who lived with his father in a big house in San Marino. They wanted it blamed on a close family member so that the public would subconsciously associate the act with incest. It was insurance against the author gaining stature after his death.
Alicia worked with the local HR agent to make sure that the son had access to immense quantities of cocaine, and then made the author believe that his son had pawned an antique silver tray, which caused a huge fight. When the son left, Alicia entered and got a knife from the kitchen. It was 3:00 AM and she went into the author’s bedroom while he slept. She stood for a while in the dark room and listened to his heavy breathing. She focused her mind on the fact that a human being was just a mass of energy that existed in an illusion called time and space, floating around on a wet rock in a vast expanse of nothingness. Atoms were mostly nothing so people were mostly nothing and nothingness was perfect and all the little spaces between that nothingness were just slight imperfections. She could correct them. She was a warrior fighting on the side of perfect nothingness against the sloppy mistake of existence. She jumped on top of him and drove the knife into his chest over and over again.
It looked exactly like psychotic rage. The coroner’s report noted that there were no hesitation marks. The son had been fighting with his father about money, and he’d been up for three days on cocaine. Something inside him must’ve snapped. He told the detectives that he had no recollection of the event, but traces of his father’s blood were found at his girlfriend’s house where he’d gone that night. The murder weapon was found in the storm drain on her street. The trial was not long. For a time after his death, sales of the author’s books went up, but then they fell precipitously. Ten years after his murder, it was rare to even find one of his books in a library. The son was put in a mental institution.
And Alicia felt the same as she ever did. She didn’t feel like a cold-blooded killer. In the years afterward, she would occasionally feel a pang of remorse, but beyond that, she was surprised that she wasn’t in any way transformed by the experience. And those little moments of sympathy for the dead man were worth it because now she was in. Her pay was $12,000 monthly in 1995 and all she had to do was increase brand awareness and establish brand identification through hidden measures. What it amounted to, for her, was doing exactly what she’d done with her therapist, but on a grander scale. She was shaping perceptions through storytelling.
One of Alicia’s areas of expertise was the anti-endorsement. Instead of paying celebrities to praise a product, they were paid to denounce it or mock it. She actually learned the power of the Industry through an anti-endorsement during her first summer at PDS when she was just out of high school. The company was trying to get people to watch the sitcom Murphy Brown. She suggested, as a joke, that they should get president Bush (the 1st) to attack it. The very next day, she watched in awe as he did just that. Apparently presidents liked money too. People flocked to their TV screens to see the flagrant attack on family values, and Alicia couldn’t help but imagine their disappointment when all they got was a Mary Tyler Moore rehash. The same strategy worked for The Simpsons too. The tactic was old, drawing attention to something by attacking it, but Alicia was adept at selecting the right celebrity or cultural figure to do the job.
She’d gotten on the scene right as the internet was taking off, and she was one of the first in the Industry to see that they would have to do something to prevent the proliferation of homemade intellectual property. They couldn’t sit back and watch as an open platform was developed where a person could create something and distribute it worldwide whether it served Industrial purposes or not. They couldn’t rely on their control of a handful of media conglomerates to stem the tide of anarchy and subversion anymore.
Alicia’s answer was to create a tsunami of crap so that people would be relieved when two or three companies eventually took control. If the things people wanted were mixed in with enough slush, consumers would demand a path through it. If where they wound up was not exactly where they had initially wanted to go, they wouldn’t complain. A hungry person wasn’t going to dig through a mountain of shit because there might be a steak in there —not when there was a hamburger stand right next door. Alicia helped to create the mountain of shit and the hamburger stand.
She also saw the value in restricting the creation of new IP in the world beyond the internet. It was part of a Consumer Conditioning op to depict the world as a place that was understandable. The news media always served this purpose well, curating events and presenting them in a clear chain of cause and effect. People would walk around believing they held the whole history of America in their heads because they’d memorized the official yarn from Christopher Columbus to Monica Lewinsky’s cum-stained dress. Alicia expanded the delusion to arts and culture. By the end of the nineties, thanks to Alicia’s efforts, many consumers believed that they had a firm understanding of music, art, cinema, and literature. They felt confident in their musical knowledge because it went from Bach to The Ramones, and they would never suspect that there were major artists and movements whose work they were completely ignorant of.
In the eighties, the culture had been too scattered. In music alone there were new movements and players popping up on a weekly basis. From 1980 to 1989 genres and subgenres kept appearing —minimalism, jazz fusion, hardcore punk, dancehall, art-pop, new wave, no wave, adult contemporary, industrial, goth rock, heavy metal, house, techno, gangsta rap, alternative rock etc. etc. In the nineties, Industry agents like Alicia put a stop to the proliferation of new categories in culture. They made sure that the media would only promote those artists who had been successful in the past. Any new artist would only be promoted if their work closely conformed to an existing genre. This was sold as a temporary measure to give the consumers time to catch up, but it was such a powerful level of control that the Industry didn’t want to end it. Alicia moved on to the ‘non-fiction’ side of the culture, but she still felt a surge of pride when a movie came out that was based on an old comic book, board game, or line of toys.

The airplane was somewhere over Arizona when Smik called her. “Tuesday night, a one hour primetime news special —they’re scheduling the interviews now. They’re going to use a hypnotist to try to recover Serena’s lost memory. They’re taping the session tomorrow.”
“Who are they using?” Alicia asked.
“Donna Martinkel, ‘yogi to the stars.’ She was profiled last year on Dateline —do you know her?”
“Yeah.” Alicia said. “Before she went Hollywood she used to run in occult circles. They called her The Ventriloquist.”
Smik laughed.



19
The setting for the news special was the Mother-House, a location that reinforced the idea that Serena Michaels needed the love and support of her family during her recovery. But once she’d been publicly seen at her family home in New Mexico, she didn’t need to physically be there anymore. She already had her plane ticket back to New York. “We actually love and care for you.” Her sister Bea told her. Smik read the transcript the next morning at work. “We love you so much we’ll even let you use us as props if that’s what you have to do.”
“Thanks.” Serena had said. It was hard to tell from the transcript whether it was sincere or not. Smik thought not. He wondered whether she was actually immune to guilt trips or was just good at pretending she was. In any case, they would film the attempted memory-recovery in the warmth of the Mother-House. But by the time the special aired, Serena would be back in NYC, living her real life.
Alicia and Smik watched the taping of the hypnosis session at Smik’s office in the strip mall behind Big O Tires. They were in a conference room with the image from Smik’s Industry laptop cast on a large screen on the wall. They took the feed from the NBC mobile control center, so they got the producer’s edits as they happened, cutting between four cameras in the carefully lit living room.
Donna Martinkel was a tall woman who exuded a friendly confidence. Her black hair was streaked with white, and pulled back in a long braid. Her clothes conformed to a muted color scheme and were made from natural fibers. She appeared to be dressed for comfort, not style. Her only nod to glamour was her jewelry. She wore sterling silver earrings, which dangled to shining points and reflected the TV lights, flashing every time she moved her head. Serena, wearing a camera-friendly blue top, was lying on the long sofa with a pillow under her head. Both women had warm, soft light on their faces and small hotter lights above them, which subtly illuminated their hair and separated them from the background. It was darker than a typical network interview would be and the producer referred to it as a ‘hypnosis-look.’ In two of the shots, you could see wooden beams and a shelf with pottery on it behind Serena, giving a sense of the Southwestern setting. It had taken over an hour to get the lighting and cameras set up and then another twenty minutes of adjustments once Donna Martinkel and Serena were in the space. Finally, the producer told Martinkel that they were ready to begin.
“Good.” She said. “I’m going to start by asking that everybody clear the room except the four camera operators. If Serena and I are going to have a successful session, we need as much privacy as possible.” She watched as people left, and once she was satisfied that the room was as empty as it could be, she turned to Serena. “Recovering lost memories is one of the easiest things a hypnotist can do.” She said. “All of your memories are there, but a mechanism in your consciousness keeps them hidden from you. What we have to do is shut off that mechanism. Nothing has been lost, I promise you. Right now, it might seem impossible to remember, but the only thing that’s truly impossible is forgetting. Everything that has ever happened to you is stored away in your mind. Actual forgetting would require a lobotomy, and you haven’t had one of those have you?”
“Not yet.” Serena said.
Donna Martinkel laughed. “Good,” she said, “let’s get started.”
Smik had seen Industry hypnotists at work before, but he’d never seen anyone take their subject under as quickly or completely as Donna Martinkel did to Serena Michaels. “You’re going to tell me a story now.” The hypnotist said. “You’re going to tell me the story of what happened to you on Tuesday, July 21st, 2015. The story will begin on the beach in Miami, as you were giving your live remote. Tell me everything that happened and leave nothing out.”
Serena’s eyes closed and she spoke in a soft, deliberate monotone:
“There once was a beautiful reporter with hair of black who was sent into a hurricane to inform and entertain a television audience. The cold Atlantic Ocean was rising and folding and spraying foam into a driving rain and the wind threatened to tear the reporter and her crew off the face of the earth, but they fought to stay grounded. They had a job to do, and they were determined to do it. 
“Under the dual eyes of a camera and a waterproof klieg light, the beautiful reporter with hair of black began to speak, describing Mother Nature’s revolt against mankind. While she delivered her report, she had the strange sensation that she was not entirely in her body anymore. She felt as if she were hovering somewhere just above her own head, looking down on herself. To outward appearances, she was doing her job with aplomb as usual, but she was in fact divorced from herself.
“It was a pleasant sensation, but she realized that it meant that something had gone terribly wrong. At the exact moment of that realization, a bright light ripped through her body and the beautiful reporter with hair of black was sucked out of temporal reality. The pain of it caused her to black out.
“When the beautiful reporter with hair of black awoke, she found herself on a couch in a middle-class living room. There was a television on, playing a familiar show: ‘The Voice.’ The reporter was glad to be back inside her body, but confused by her surroundings. The living room was utterly normal. It was comfortable without any sign of opulence —there was a coffee table, an end table, a cabinet with glass doors and a bookshelf against the back wall. She had a pillow under her head, and was still wearing the clothes she’d had on under her raincoat when she’d been giving her report from the beach. She sat up and put her bare feet on a thick gray rug. The place made her feel comfortable and she was immediately suspicious of that comfort. Where was she and how had she gotten there? 
“The beautiful reporter with hair of black looked around for her phone but it wasn’t in her pocket or anywhere nearby. She stood and went to the front door, but couldn’t open it. No matter which way she turned the lock, the deadbolt would not release from the doorframe. She looked out the small window in the door at a suburban street scene. It could be any town, she thought. There were no palm trees, so maybe she was not in Florida anymore. Was it possible she was in another state? The beautiful reporter looked for the back door, but the room was entirely enclosed. There was no visible way in or out other than the locked front door.
“She tried to center herself with a series of deep breaths. There was a reasonable explanation for this, she told herself. She went to the front window and pulled back the curtain in time to see a car turning up the block. She’d seen the same car go by from the window in the door. They’re driving around in circles, she thought, maybe they’re looking for me. She decided that the next time the car went by, she would yell and wave, and maybe they would notice her. As she waited, the phone on the end table started to ring. The reporter answered:
‘How do you feel?’ Asked a deep male voice.
‘Who am I speaking with?’ The reporter answered.
‘You don’t know me.’ He said.
‘But you know me?’
‘Yes, you are Sarah Mann, also known as Serena Michaels.’
‘Okay. Can you tell me where I am?’
‘I could, but it wouldn’t mean anything to you.’ The voice said.
‘Try me.’
‘You’re in an underwater facility off the coast of New Jersey, but from your frame of reference we’ve brought you to an alternate version of the present. Your status as an outsider in this timeline is the reason you are being kept isolated.’
‘FUCK YOU!’ The beautiful reporter shouted. ‘I have rights! I demand to be released immediately! If you don’t get me out of here right now, I’ll have you thrown in jail! I’m a reporter and I happen to work for a little company called NBC, maybe you’ve heard of it…’
‘No need to get hostile Ms. Mann.’ The voice said.
‘Am I a prisoner here?’
‘No, but of course we realized that this might be a traumatic experience for you. That’s why we came up with the domestic setting. We wanted you to be at ease.’
‘Thank you for your kind consideration,’ she said, ‘but you still haven’t told me why I’m here.’
‘If we’re successful, you will have the opportunity to alter the course of human history. I’m sorry for your distress. It would’ve been impossible to seek your consent beforehand, and if we hadn’t acted when we did, we might never have gotten another chance. Your being here is highly improbable, but here you are.’
‘You’re scaring me.’ The reporter said. ‘What is it you expect me to do?’
‘Nothing.’ The voice said. ‘Just remain calm and we’ll get you home soon.’
‘Listen motherfucker, I’m not doing a single thing you say, you hear? I’m not going to be your puppet! You hear me? Hello?’ The man on the other end had hung up. 
The beautiful reporter with hair of black tried not to cry. She looked out the front window and saw the same car go by again and realized it was some kind of video on a loop. She picked up the end table, letting the phone and a small lamp crash to the floor. She adjusted her grip on the heavy piece of wooden furniture and hurled it through the glass. She picked up the phone and used it to break the remaining shards of glass off the windowsill.
“When she put her head out the window, the street scene went translucent and doubled. It was a 3D projection. There was a steel wall behind it, which stretched up into darkness. The floor was steel too, and she climbed out, careful not to step on any of the broken glass with her bare feet. She saw that the living room was a wooden box. The plywood was unpainted on the outside, and two-by-fours were propped up to hold the walls in place, like a movie set. She walked all the way around the enclosure, and when she got back to the broken front window of the fake living room, she felt hopeless. She hadn’t seen any way in or out of the giant metal box she was in.
“She couldn’t fight it anymore, and she wept. She sat against the side wall with the doubled, translucent car driving over her every 43 seconds. The only sound she could hear, other than the fake chirping of birds and the sound of the car, was the TV in the living room. It was still playing ‘The Voice’ and she could hear one of the contestants singing a song about having the Memphis blues again. She vaguely remembered that it was a Bob Dylan song, and having access to that pedestrian bit of trivia gave her comfort for some reason. It occurred to her that her life up until that point had been relatively unsurprising, so from that perspective, she was overdue for something like this to happen. Something wholly unexpected. This event, whatever it was, was an outlier and soon her life would resume its normal course.
“The beautiful reporter with hair of black heard the TV go silent, and she got up and went to the window to look inside. She thought maybe someone had turned it off. There was something strange in the living room, but she couldn’t say exactly what it was. She climbed back through the window and noticed that they’d gotten the smell of dust and old food just right. She stood inside and looked at what could only be described as a void in the center of the room. It was a pillar of nothingness that stretched from the floor to the ceiling, and it made the little hairs on the back of the reporter’s neck stand at attention. She wasn’t sure how she could even say it was there because it didn’t look like anything, it was only visible in its absence. That logical contradiction frightened her.
“Obeying some strange compulsion, the beautiful reporter with hair of black stepped closer and reached out to it. Her fingertips buzzed when they came into contact with the void. Taking her hand back, she found that there was something new in her mind. It was complex and detailed but it hadn’t come in linearly, it had appeared all together as something she knew. It was a block of knowledge that could be worked through or explained in order, but existed in her head all at once. It was like knowing a neighborhood, there was a mental map of the whole thing, which would allow her to easily walk through any part of it without getting lost.
“The reporter wondered how this knowledge could’ve gotten into her head without the usual process of having to learn it. As she was thinking about it, the void filled in with the surrounding air and was gone. She sat down on the couch and rubbed her eyes. She wanted to go through the new information in her head because she didn’t know what it contained yet, and she thought it was wrong to have something in her brain and not know what it was. But the idea of going through it all seemed daunting, and she felt exhausted. She thought she would put her head down for a minute or two first.
“When the beautiful reporter with hair of black awoke, she was on a gravel incline behind some bushes. She pushed through them and climbed up onto the vast parking lot of a Walmart. Her clothes were dirty and she was barefoot —she thought she must look homeless. There were people not far away, and she began to walk toward them, unsure of what she would say when she got there.”

Smik groaned. “Everyone hates a ‘to be continued’ episode.” He said.
“Right.” Alicia said. “This little fairy-tale leaves us with way more questions than we had going in. I hope the Imposters realize that they can only whet the public’s appetite for so long before they have to come through with a meal.”
“Maybe NBC will find some way to contextualize it so it won’t seem like such a tease.” Smik said. “The network is good at that sort of thing.”
“I hope you’re right.” She said. “Not even I can sell a sales pitch.”



20
Michael was glued to his television on the night of the Serena Michaels special. He was naked and had moved a high-backed wooden chair from his kitchen so he could sit closer to the TV screen. The demonosphere had been busy sending him messages all day, which made it hard to concentrate on his job. He had moved around the Beckin Hotel in a state of open reception to the onslaught of incoming ciphers and symbols.
The sign above the staff sink read ‘Customer Service is Our Business.’ Michael saw the sign every day, but he’d never done a close reading of it like they taught him in college. Of course, it could be read as just a banal encouragement to treat the guests well, but the combination of words seemed to hint at a deeper meaning to Michael. ‘Customer’ had the word ‘custom’ in it —a tradition tied to a place or a group of people. It was something done without thinking, as in ‘it’s just the custom’ or ‘it’s customary.’ So a customer could be someone engaged in mindless action. The word ‘service’ also seemed charged. It was another word for the military, i.e. ‘he joined the service.’ A ‘serve’ was also the initial volley in a tennis game. So the first part of the sentence was about launching a mindless military assault. The last word of the sentence was also loaded with implications. ‘Business,’ or busy-ness —the state of being busy or active. There was a transactional undercurrent to the word too, it meant money changing hands. ‘Business’ was something you engaged in to make a profit. And a profit could be any kind of betterment, it didn’t have to be financial. The middle part of the sentence, ‘is our’ brought the murkier conceptual meanings into the real world. The mindless military assault ‘is’ (right now) ‘our’ (Michael’s and the demonosphere’s) way to benefit the world. Professor Bennett would be proud of me, Michael thought, I decoded it like an old poem.
Everything seemed to be humming with hidden messages for him that day, and he felt like he was protected by his status as the demonosphere’s favorite son on the earthly plane. Nothing could touch him. Sitting naked in his high-backed wooden chair, he waited for the time to change from 7:59 to 8:00. It was a very long minute, but it finally passed and Michael turned on the television.
Lester Holt stood on the NBC Nightly News set next to a screen silently playing the famous footage of Serena Michaels giving her report from the beach in Miami. The camera pushed in on him slowly as he spoke. “Good evening, I’m Lester Holt. Tonight, we bring you a special report on a story that has captured the attention of the nation in recent weeks. When Serena Michaels, a member of our NBC family, disappeared from a beach in Florida while reporting on hurricane Evan, many feared the worst. But amidst the celebration of her safe return, the question of what happened to her has only grown into more of a mystery. Meredith Vieira has this report.”
“The short answer is I don’t know.” Serena said, sitting on a sofa in an open ranch-style living room. There were two native American masks looking down on her from the wall, part of her mother’s extensive collection of Hopi art. “I really don’t remember a thing.”
The image cut to Serena and her sister Bea doing dishes in the kitchen while Meredith Vieira’s voice narrated. “Things have gone back to some semblance of normalcy for Serena Michaels a week after being released from the hospital where doctors treated her for severe brain trauma. She’s recuperating with her sister and her mother in a suburb outside of Albuquerque. But whereas most victims of trauma are trying to forget, Serena is trying to remember.”
A wide shot of the living room showed Serena Michaels seated on the couch with Meredith Vieira across from her. You could see a big TV light and the other camera, which held Michaels in close up. “It’s all a blank for me.” She said, looking into the lens. “That entire period of time —it’s just nothing.” The close-up camera began a slow, almost imperceptible zoom into her face. “I can remember doing the remote, and I remember being picked up by the paramedics outside of Sarasota, but I can’t remember anything that happened in between. It’s incredibly frustrating… I want to know what happened. I want to know more than anyone, believe me.”
The TV showed Serena reading a bedtime story to her nieces, sitting on the lower edge of their trundle bed. Vieira’s voice-over continued. “What happened was what doctors call a fugue state, which can make a person forget large segments of time. Doctor Maria Rago was on the team that treated Serena Michaels.”
Rago, hair pulled tight, sat behind a desk in a white coat. “A fugue state can occur when the brain is overwhelmed with stimuli. It’s like when a computer can’t handle a large file and it freezes. When there’s too much coming in for the brain to assimilate, it snaps into a kind of survival-only mode, and stops producing new memories. It’s a protection mechanism.” As she spoke, she made a few hand gestures, subtly drawing attention to the FitBit on her wrist. “A severe trauma, like being struck by lightning, can certainly produce such a state.”
“And a lightning-strike is the most rational explanation for what happened to Michaels.” Vieira narrated. “It explains both the medical and the visual evidence. While some viewers saw an alien abduction, and others saw divine ascension, Edward Cotter saw digital artifacts. And he should know, he studies those artifacts for a living.” Cotter, a heavyset man in his thirties, sat in front of a large computer monitor in an open workspace with people silently coming and going behind him. Vieira continued: “Here at the video analysis center of VanyerTech Analytics, Mr. Cotter has studied the Michaels footage, and he believes that what viewers saw that morning can be explained without resorting to angels or little green men.”
Cotter spoke to an interviewer just to the right of the camera. “I worked for the government for 15 years, mostly analyzing satellite images. My focus here at VanyerTech is different. We’re the best in the world at detecting digital trickery in video. I say that without reservation. We maintain close connections with intelligence services because in this day and age, you can’t trust your own eyes when it comes to video images.” He tapped on his mouse, waking up his computer. “The Serena Michaels footage is really not that extraordinary.” He said. “What you have to understand is how a network television signal is processed and transmitted to get a sense of what we’re looking at. Oftentimes, when a digital video signal gets corrupted, the image will freeze, but only partially. The new video is still coming through behind the frozen image, and if that new video has movement, it can create some strange effects.”
Cotter opened a gif on his screen. It was a woman whose face suddenly appeared to melt into a skull-like mask. It continued looping silently as he spoke. “In the early days of digital TV, every time there was an electrical storm, viewers would get weirdly distorted images. In some cases, people became alarmed. As you can see, this type of distortion can be a bit creepy. Whenever there was an electrical storm, local affiliates would receive complaints from viewers who thought their TVs were sending them satanic messages. I think the reaction to the Michaels video is something similar, but whereas the distortion in early digital broadcasts was happening at the receiving end, in viewers’ living rooms, the distortion in the Michaels video happened on the broadcast end. Everyone saw the same distorted image and that image happened to be pretty weird.”
He opened the video file of the Serena Michaels footage and started advancing it frame by frame. “When a news crew does a remote like this,” Cotter said, “the camera is wirelessly connected to a control van that sends the signal via satellite back to the network in New York City. This video was being shot during a strong electrical storm, and I believe the signal was corrupted between the camera and the van. You can see tiling here at the edges, and when she freezes you can still see movement, which I believe is the camera operator backing up, probably trying to get more of the stormy background into the frame. Now the image that has gotten so much attention is right here.” Cotter stopped at the last frame before Serena disappeared. “So in this image, she appears to be hovering over the water, shining light. But what we are seeing is the video signal trying to catch up with what is being input from the camera. Parts of the image, like the background and the waves are from the earlier footage, but Serena here at the center, is made up of later pixels —from after the cameraman has moved back. That’s why she appears to be floating over the water. The whole thing freezes when the lightning strikes, and the flash of light is the last thing to make it through the remaining active pixels, which had been showing Serena’s body. That’s why it looks like she’s shining.”
As the frame-by-frame video of Serena’s report played again silently, Vieira’s voice-over returned: “The cameraman and two crew members who witnessed the event in person corroborate the distorted-video explanation. They do not report having seen Serena Michaels levitate. According to those who were present, there was a bright flash and a loud explosion and she was gone.”
Dr. Maria Rago was at her desk wearing her FitBit. “It’s actually more common than people think.” She said. “I’ve been working here at Bradenton Memorial Hospital for nine years, and I’ve seen seven cases of individuals who’ve been struck by lightning. Without getting into specifics, the mortality rate is better than fifty-fifty. Some walk away unharmed, others are in intensive care for months. We’ve had cases where the strike itself didn’t cause any damage, but it threw the individual a great distance, and that caused broken bones or concussion. It’s speculation of course, but if Serena Michaels was struck by lightning, it could’ve thrown her up to a hundred feet out to sea. The people on the beach wouldn’t have been able to see her, especially in the storm, and by the time she got back to shore, she might’ve been very far down the beach. By then, she would’ve been in a fugue state, operating on a second-to-second survival basis. For some people, that can last a long time.”
Serena Michaels smiled at Meredith Vieira in her mother’s living room. “It’s incredibly disconcerting, not knowing what happened to me.” She said. “My doctor told me to try to accept the fact that I may never know, but I’m a reporter. I can’t accept not knowing. That’s why I agreed to undergo hypnosis.”
Meredith Vieira walked along the wraparound porch of the Mother-House as she spoke directly to the camera. “When we get back, we will watch Serena Michaels try to recover her memory through hypnosis. So far, we’ve heard a logical, scientific explanation for the events of July 21st, but what she says under hypnosis will have the Serena Michaels conspiracy theorists saying I told you so.”
Michael hit the mute button. He felt restless sitting there, so he stood up and began walking in circles around his chair. People thought they were receiving satanic messages, Edward Cotter had said. Yes, and that was ridiculous. There couldn’t be a force in the world that was unknown to science and was trying to break through to our plane. Yes, and it would be silly to think that a new technology might offer some kind of opening for that force. When an electrical storm came, other beings couldn’t get in between the interlaced video frames of a digital signal and show their form to a terrified viewing public. The idea was absurd! Those people were DELUDED! Just like the people who saw Serena Michaels disappear in a flash of light. It was just a technological glitch of the video, nothing more. Other dimensions didn’t exist, and if they did exist, they would not bleed into ours in any way. Certainly not through a wireless video signal being watched by millions!
Michael laughed and looked at the TV. Still commercials. He began doing push ups, counting them off to himself as he went. Somewhere between five and twenty he began thinking that repetition might be the key; that the demonospheric beings could enter our dimension between things that occurred on a repetitive cycle, like his push ups or the hyper flashing of video frames. He stood up and swung his arms around. “Repetition.” He said to himself. “That’s how they get in.” Lester Holt was back on his screen so he sat down and took the TV off mute. Lester passed it over to Meredith, who was still on the porch.
“Recovering memories is a controversial practice that has had some well-publicized failures in recent years, but the case of Serena Michaels is different. We know for a fact that she has lost memories. She was certainly somewhere over those missing three days. And her loss of memory was brought about by a physical, rather than an emotional trauma. Serena sat down with Donna Martinkel, a hypnotist who specializes in recovering lost memories. She allowed us to film the session.”
The establishing shot showed Donna Martinkel speaking to Serena in a softly-lit room of the Mother-House. They sat close together and Martinkel listened as Serena told her something that couldn’t be heard. The hypnotist’s voice formed a sound-bridge to the session. “You’re going to tell me a story now.” She said.
Martinkel’s smiling face looked at Serena in her TV-friendly blue top, lying on the couch. “You’re going to tell me the story of what happened to you on Tuesday, July 21st, 2015. The story will begin on the beach in Miami, as you were giving your live remote. Tell me everything that happened and leave nothing out.”
Serena’s eyes were closed and she began to speak: “There once was a beautiful reporter with hair of black who was sent into a hurrrrrrrrrrrr—” Michael saw her lips slow down. The TV screen was a frame around her face which he saw through his eyes, which were framed by his eyelids. What he saw went into his brain which was held in the frame of his skull. Inside his brain, electrical impulses were framed by neurons, and outside of him there were larger frames. The frames of the room, building, and block. It was all frames within frames at irregular spatial intervals…
“—rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr—”
Serena was still saying the word hurricane, and Michael wondered how long it would take. The frame of the TV opened up, and he was inside it, and the frame of his eyes opened up, and he was inside them too…
“—rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr—”
He was either falling or flying, he wasn’t sure which. But he was moving fast. The frame of his apartment was gone and he was passing through internal frames, one after another, until finally he reached one that was completely blank…
“—rrrrrrrrrrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiiiii—”
He was inside an alien frame that wasn’t white, black, or gray. It wasn’t any color, it was a colorless void. There was only one thing in the frame that could be seen, a small speck. Either he was travelling toward the speck or it was traveling toward him, or both…
“—iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii—”
A wave of fear hit him. There was nothing to get ahold of, no way to slow down. It was a reptilian fear, a physical fear, coming from the body not the mind. It wasn’t a speck anymore, it was a black bullet, then a plate, a field, a continent, a planet. Finally, he relaxed. There was no use fighting…
“—caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa—”
The warm blackness grew bigger and bigger, until it was all he could see. He was in the blackness now —was he still falling? He couldn’t tell anymore. There was no frame of reference…
“—aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaane.”
There was a new sound, a rustling sound, like plastic moving. The blackness gave way from above and Michael was in a frame he recognized: a freezer. The door was open and someone was looking in at him. He slowly understood that it was himself looking at him, but his face looked reversed from what he saw in the mirror. His nose especially looked strange to him, and his eyes looked asymmetrical in the wrong direction. He thought it was him, but backwards.
I know what he’s doing, Michael thought, he’s doing what I sometimes do, looking at Lenny’s head in the freezer. But now, he was Lenny. But then who was looking? He searched the face in front of him but couldn’t recognize the person. I’m hollowed out, he thought, I’m neither here nor there. The Michael that was staring at him closed up the bag and he was back in the darkness again, but he found that he could end the darkness by opening his eyes. He looked at his living room, but from a low angle, and he wasn’t sure where he was. He could see the Michael simulacrum, naked, walking back and forth from the kitchen to the living room. He looked crazed.
He thought, based on his angle, that he was inside the frame of the television screen. His lips were moving and sound was coming from somewhere, the sound of a woman’s voice. If he thought about it, he could hear what (s)he was saying. “…two-by-fours were propped up to hold the walls in place, like a movie set. She walked all the way around the enclosure, and when she got back to the broken front window…” It was all nonsense. In an instant the perspective changed, and (s)he was the hypnotist now, looking at a different part of Michael’s living room. But (s)he was supposed to be looking at Serena from the audience’s perspective. There were four frames of reference: the hypnotist’s, Serena’s, the camera’s, and the hypothetical viewer’s. He could perceive all of them at once. His consciousness had been split four ways. No there were more than that. He was also the Michael in the apartment, and Lenny’s head in the freezer. And more. Every perspective he could imagine was available to him. He’d been sliced into a thousand pages and fanned out in every direction. He scrolled through the perceiving organs like a flipbook and landed on one:
He was a woman, sitting on a leather sofa in an upscale apartment with a cold glass in (her)his hand. (S)he was watching the special on TV, feeling something unexpected —self-consciousness. (S)he was embarrassed but sitting alone. Why? Michael thought about it. Yes, this must be Serena’s perspective. Not the Serena on TV, but the actual, fleshy Serena. He had access to her brain which made him very happy. I have to retain this access after I’m back in my birth-body, he thought. It might be useful...
Michael, as Serena, watched (her)himself speak on the television. “…she thought she must look homeless.” The televised Serena said. “There were people not far away, and she began to walk toward them, unsure of what she would say when she got there.”



21
Alicia drove up the winding mountain road and wondered if she was on her way to be murdered. As she came around a bend in the road, the high-beams on her rented Jeep sent a little rodent scurrying into the brush. Del had told her to drop whatever she was doing and go. He’d sent her an address along with the message: High level —don’t keep them waiting. She knew it had to be an Imposter summons. Either that, or they wanted to get her to a safe location to kill her.
She turned up a long driveway of pitted, broken concrete that took her onto the property. The place was completely dark, but in the half-moon light Alicia could see that it was a 60s modern glass and steel mansion, built into the side of the hill. It overlooked the desert and you could see the city lights shining in the far distance. The front door was wide open.
As Alicia entered, she heard a low rumble and she thought there must be a motor running somewhere. The place smelled like eucalyptus and cedar chips. She tried the light switch but nothing happened so she went into into the dark, empty dining room. The motor-rumble shifted into a low bass frequency and fluctuated slightly in pitch, almost musically. It was the kind of sound you felt more than heard. There were some glasses on a drink caddy in the pantry that rattled on a metal tray. The sound got louder as Alicia walked through the kitchen to a back hallway, past a small bathroom, to carpeted stairs that descended to a lower level. The sound seemed to be coming from down there and some light spilled in on the steps.
The stairs led to a room with red brick walls and a sliding glass door that opened onto a large patio. There were tall wooden doors in one of the brick walls, directly across from a leather wing-backed armchair where a young girl sat. Alicia hadn’t noticed her at first. She looked like she was about 11 years old, blonde with a prominent mouth, wearing a blue party dress that seemed a few years too young for her. She was barefoot and she stared at Alicia without expression. There were two large PA-style speakers on stands on either side of the chair. They were responsible for the body-shimmering audio frequencies that filled the house.
Alicia nodded at the girl but she didn’t respond. The sound frequency coming from the speakers shifted suddenly and seemed to pressurize the whole room. Alicia felt the sound in her eye sockets. “I can’t get anything out of her.” Smik said, coming in from the patio.
“They called you too? Do you think the Michaels op has gone south on us?”
“I don’t know,” he said, “but I’m glad you’re here. At least I know I’m not going into early retirement —unless you’re the one who’s supposed to put me there.”
“I’m not.” She said. “Do you think whoever brought us here would mind if I unplugged those fucking speakers?”
Smik looked past her and she turned to see a small man coming down the stairs. “It’s for the girl.” He said. He was mostly bald, about 5’6, and looked like he’d just removed his coat and tie after a long day’s work as a certified public accountant. He smiled as he walked up to them. “She’s an illiterate deaf-mute. The vibrations soothe her. We can talk in the other room if the noise bothers you. I have a car waiting.” He went over and pulled on the steel handles of the oversized wooden doors, opening them silently. Alicia looked at the girl, who opened her mouth and bared her teeth. Her nostrils were crusty and her lips looked chapped.
There was a black Humvee Limousine in the next room and it took Alicia a second to process what she was seeing. There was no visible way that a vehicle of that, or any size, could’ve been driven into the small room. Alicia wondered if it had been built in there like a sailboat in a bottle, or if the room had been built around it. A chauffer in a suit and cap came around and opened the back door of the vehicle for them and Alicia noticed that the walls of the room were very large LED screens. The small man, Alicia assumed he was an Imposter, climbed in, followed by Smik. Alicia got in last and sat next to Smik, across from their host.
The limo had a leather interior that emitted a faint expensive odor. The lighting was dim and tasteful, subtly accentuating this or that detail of the space. The chauffer got in behind the wheel and looked back through the window. “Going for a drive sir?” He asked.
“Yeah, a night drive in the city.” The man said. “And we’re going to need some privacy.”
“Okay.” The chauffer said. He started the car and the black partition that separated him from the passengers came up with a low buzz.
“Don’t worry about carbon monoxide.” The man said to Smik and Alicia. “The car isn’t really running, I have a specialized hydraulic system and sound effects that mimic an internal combustion engine and the feel of tires on a road. I’ll switch it to simulating an electric vehicle soon. Do either of you want something to drink?”
Alicia and Smik both politely declined. The LED screens outside the tinted windows showed the sidewalks of New York City at night moving past them. City sounds were piped in and the effect was complete. Alicia thought that if she’d been dropped into the Limo without context, she would’ve believed the illusion. “I’m assigning you both to the most important project you’ll ever work on.” The Imposter said. He crossed his legs and draped his forearm over his knee in a casual, almost effeminate way. “It’s a once in a lifetime opportunity. There’s no telling what kind of influence the work you do now could have on the future. I want you to collaborate on a book.”
Smik and Alicia looked at each other then back at the man.
“Don’t worry.” He said. “The quality of the writing isn’t even a secondary concern. It just has to convey content clearly. In fact, anything resembling style might just get in the way.”
“In the way of what?” Alicia asked. “What kind of book are you talking about?”
“A Lumonicon.” He said. “A text that will alter humanity’s conception of its place in the world. Serena Michaels received a message from a higher power and that message is yours to invent. The future is turning on this moment. Not your future or my future, THE FUTURE. In fact, hang on.” He pushed the intercom button to speak to the chauffer. “Could we have dawn in the desert please?”
“You got it.” The voice said.
The tire rumble changed to a smoother desert-highway vibration, and the images on the LED screens dissolved into a wide-open vista with the sun barely peeking out over distant hills. “Sunrise.” The Imposter said. “Get it? Symbolic.”
“You want us to write a text that will alter the course of human history?” Smik stared at the gnomic little man for a moment. “May I ask why you chose us?”
“You two, aside from being eminently qualified, are in a good position to place the text where it will be assumed to have come from Serena. And don’t worry, the text itself doesn’t have to have the power to change anything.” The man said. “We’ll take care of the reception it gets. And of course you personally don’t have to write it. I assumed you’d prefer to delegate that. As long as it fits into certain broad parameters, it’ll work. And don’t worry, your Lumonicon won’t be the only one. There will be three competing versions.”
“Three?” Alicia asked. “Who’s writing the others?”
 “The Secret Chiefs have one, and so does Kibele. The idea was to set up a classic dichotomy, male vs. female, but elements higher up wanted to produce a more dynamic future. They believe it will be much more productive to have three Lumonicons in competition. Each one will be accepted and rejected, mocked and revered, completely ignored and considered the most important text in human history.”
“That’s all wonderful,” Smik said, “but it doesn’t give us much to go on as far as what to actually put in the thing.”
“First, it has to function as a celebrity memoir. Serena Michaels got a book deal and the publisher expects a bit of gossip and the story of her burgeoning career. But it should also have another part —the message that Serena supposedly received while she was missing. That’s where the weird stuff can go. Your starting point for that part of the book should be that the world is not what it seems. Reality, whatever that is, is an illusion. If you start from that point, you can’t go far wrong. Any claims you make beyond that are entirely up to you. Your thoughts on the matter are as valid as anyone else’s.”
“How long should it be?” Alicia asked.
“I don’t care.” He said. “Book length.” The vehicle felt as if it were turning onto a dirt road. The sun was higher in the sky and Alicia noticed it was getting hot. “If I were you, I’d work fast. I believe the other two versions are almost finished.”
“Do you want to see a rough draft or an outline or anything?” Smik asked.
“No, I trust you,” he said, “and, as I’ve told you already, the content doesn’t matter.” He hit the intercom button. “Can we stop here please?” The vehicle seemed to slow and then stop. The little bald Imposter rolled down the window, letting in a blast of hot air. He looked out at a figure in the distance, walking through the desert toward the car. They were no longer in a room in a mansion in the hills, but had, at some point, transitioned from a simulation to actually driving in the desert. Alicia pulled out her phone and checked the time. It was after six in the morning. She’d lost at least four hours somehow.
The figure moving toward the car was the little girl from the mansion. She was still in her blue party dress and still barefoot, shuffling along slowly. The Imposter opened the door for her and she climbed in, cold-eyed and humming loudly. Her feet were dirty and there were scratches all over her shins and calves. Her loud, tuneless humming continued as she sat next to the Imposter. He hit the button and told the chauffer they were ready to go. As the giant car continued down the dirt road, the Imposter got a bottle of spring water out of a mini fridge. He took the cap off and handed it to the girl. The feral child gulped it down until it was all gone and then made a shrill chirping sound. The Imposter gave her a sharp look and she went back to humming.
“Three Lumonicons,” Smik said, “one from the occult side, one from Kibele, and one from us. Who exactly do we represent in this?”
“The technicians.” He said. “One side has their head in the clouds and the other has their head in the earth, we need a ground-level perspective. When you have two opposing sides you always get a kind of stasis. Having three sides will create unpredictable eddies and sub-currents. Control has its limits, and it’s time we embraced that.”
“Can we read the other two?” Alicia asked. “What if ours is similar to one of the others?”
“That’s highly unlikely, but you’re welcome to read them if you’d like. I can refer you to the team working on the occult text —it’s being conjured up in California through some dark computer science I couldn’t begin to understand. As for the Kibele text, you’re on your own. With all the resources at your disposal, I’m sure you can get your hands on it.” The enormous Hummer pulled onto a small airfield in the middle of nowhere and stopped. There was a private jet on the runway. “Ms. Sche, please don’t put any product placements in the text. If you do well, you’ll both be moved up to the elite pay scale. Jimmy will take you back.” The chauffer opened the door and the Imposter got out with the little girl following. The chauffer shut the door and the interior of the Limo was silent. Alicia watched the small man climb the steps to the plane with the girl trailing behind him.



22
Herman Castillo was under enormous financial pressure since his ‘heart attack,’ but it didn’t seem to hurt his productivity. He still wrote every day. Smik watched as he toyed with the elements of his play, moving scenes, rewriting dialogue endlessly, adding direct address, then removing it. Smik thought Castillo was about halfway through his writing process, and the eighty thousand dollar medical bill hanging over his head somehow became irrelevant while he was working. At first, whenever Castillo would get into a flow and was putting words into the document at a rapid rate, Smik would send him a collection call. But Castillo had taken to turning his phone off while he worked. Smik would go into the document at night and insert typos, a known way to undermine a writer’s confidence, but Castillo would catch them and just frown a little into the camera of his laptop and keep going.
Alicia and Smik had discussed how they would break up the work on the Lumonicon —Alicia would handle the message Serena received, and Smik would handle the celebrity memoir part. The Imposter’s timing struck Smik as unlikely. He needed to distract a writer at the same moment he also needed a book-length text. He resented the fact that he’d been made little-more than a middleman, but he sent Castillo an email anyway:
Dear Mr. Castillo,
I would like to commission you to do a piece of writing. My partners and I are launching an ebook publishing company with the mission of bringing post-modern literary sensibilities to popular culture. We want to put out fictionalized versions of texts that are widely perceived to be non-fiction. We aim to produce a body of meta-commentary on the way the media shapes reality through the assumption of textual authority.
This will take the form of a series of ebooks that so closely resemble specific blockbusters put out by mass-market publishing houses that they are nearly indistinguishable from them. If we do our jobs well, it will piss off the big five publishers and be a thorn in their side for years to come.
By doing this, we will also provide an outlet for writers who want to project their imaginations into real world situations. Our books will give readers a deeper understanding of the events that flash by in a perplexing and never-ending news cycle.
I enjoyed your piece “The Flower of Human Culture, or How to Make Money in Waste Management.” It was very funny. We would like for you to be our first commissioned writer.
After three years, all rights to republish the book would revert to you. We are offering a $4,000 honorarium.
I look forward to hearing from you.
Best wishes,
William B. Avery
Herman Castillo wrote back immediately that he was interested and included his phone number. Smik waited until the next day to call him. “We’re looking for something on Serena Michaels.” He said. “Did you hear that she has a book deal with Knopf?”
“Yeah, I heard.” He said. “Three million dollars, wasn’t it?”
“An absurd sum,” Smik said, “but people want to read it. Have you been following the story?”
“Yes.” Castillo said. “I have a friend who believes she was abducted by aliens. I watched her news special like everyone else and I thought she seemed kind of bland to be honest. I mean interesting things happened to her, but she herself isn’t very interesting. Not to say that the book you’re proposing couldn’t be good… Sorry, I’m rambling. What made you think of me for this?”
“You’ve written some very believable women over the years.”
“Really? That’s flattering but if that’s what you’re looking for, maybe you should just hire a woman writer.”
“We want you.”
“Are you looking for a comedy here?”
“Not exactly.” Smik said. “We’re looking for satire, but the kind that’s played completely straight. The situation could be funny, but her reaction to it should be completely realistic. Do you think she was abducted by aliens?”
“I have no idea what happened to her.” He said. “And I don’t have any theories either. I mean, the rationalist in me says she suffered a massive trauma and had her brain scrambled, but life is a mystery. Maybe something spiritual or supernatural did happen to her. That stuff about being in a suburban living room inside a metal box in the ocean —that was bonkers. My friends and I were watching it together and we couldn’t believe what we were hearing. It was funny how everyone in the group took it a different way.”
“Yes she’s a blank slate. People have projected their hopes and anxieties onto her story. That’s one of the reasons we liked her as our first subject.”
“The Knopf announcement said she’s going to write about her life and recovery. I’ll admit it: they got me. I’ll probably buy it.”
“That’s what we want you to write: your best hope for what her book might be.”
“But I’m not sure what I’m hoping for.” He said. “Either more depth than I expected or much less depth…”
“Yes, she’s either a new-age messiah or some kind of c-list celebrity trying to cash in on her 15 minutes.”
“Or maybe both.” Castillo said. “A vacuous media figure blown into another dimension. That could be fun.”
“If that’s how you want to write it…”
“But that might be too easy. Maybe she’s too easy a target. I could bring out the family thing maybe. She’s recovering at her mother’s house isn’t she? And she has what? One biological sister and three adopted sisters? That’s probably a real hothouse over there. It could be like Steel Magnolias meets 2001: a Space Odyssey. But funny. People love to read about mothers and daughters working through their shit.”
“It sounds like you have a number of promising ideas.” Smik said. “Whatever direction you want to go in is fine with me. As long as it’s in the voice of Serena Michaels.”
“But her book promises to contain some mystical message from the great beyond.” Castillo said. “That’s one thing I have no interest in trying to produce, either earnestly or mockingly.”
“Don’t worry about that.” Smik said. “We’re getting someone else to write that part of it. It’ll be absurd in the extreme —the punch line of the whole book. From you, we just want the memoir stuff.”
“Well that makes it much easier.” He took a breath. “Your email mentioned money?”
“$4,000. Half on submission of the first draft and the other half on publication. Is that alright?”
“Is there a deadline?”
“We’d like the first draft in three weeks.” Smik said. “I know that’s tight and I’m sorry. We could probably stretch it to four weeks, but that’s pushing it. The sooner we get this thing out the better.”
“Three weeks!” Castillo said.
“You don’t think you can get it done?” Smik asked.
“I didn’t say that… I could force a rough first-draft in three weeks, but I’ll tell you right now, it won’t be any good. Quality comes in around draft five.”



23
When Alicia heard the Dutch name of the man working on the occult Lumonicon, she knew it was the same person who’d invaded Maria Rago’s trauma-care center in Bradenton. The Imposter had gotten the information to her through Del. She’d flown commercial into San Francisco International Airport and had driven down through San Jose to an Industrial park in the neighborhood of North Mingus just to talk to Bastiaan van Dijk.
He spoke with a mixed Dutch and California accent and looked like a man who was surprised to find himself in his mid-thirties. “Yes, the computers are expensive, but the cooling system costs almost as much. When we first started, we just put all the heat into the air but it created a micro-climate that you could see on Doppler radar. You’d watch the local news, and when the weatherman showed satellite footage there would be these strange patterns in the cloud-cover right over our building. The Imposters figured some tinfoil hat contingent would notice it and start to investigate. Now we have these elaborate dispersal systems that spread the heat around. I’d love to have an office with a view someday, but I have to be close to the hardware and the only place cool enough is underground. Do you smoke weed?”
“No.” Alicia said.
“One of my techies has a little grow room down the hall. He’s cultivating a new sativa strain that’s supposed to induce extreme paranoia. He’s breeding the perfect psychotomimetic. A couple of hits of this stuff and you’ll think there are spiders crawling up your arms and legs. I offer it to all our visitors.”
“Thanks, but I really just came to talk about Serena Michaels. You were in Bradenton during her stay at the hospital, and I’ve recently been told you’re writing a text that will be attributed to her?”
Bastiaan shook his head. “I’m not writing anything except code.”
“But you know what I’m talking about.”
“The Lumonicon? A ridiculous name for it if you ask me, but what the hell, I live to serve.”
“So who’s writing it?” Alicia asked.
“Serena.” Bastiaan said. “Or Serena 2.0, our digital approximation of her. We’re running her through the writing process multiple times. An editor will take all the different versions and piece together the best parts. The final draft will be a greatest-hits compilation.”
“Can you back up a little for me?” Alicia asked. “Explain Serena 2.0.”
“You’re familiar with the work we do whether you know it or not.” Bastiaan said. “Currently, not counting Serena, we have 27 first-tier AI programs creating content. These are artificial people in simulated worlds. It’s been going on for a good while now… In the 90s, a video game company called MakeBox realized that they could use artificial intelligence to do some of their coding. They started giving the AIs more and more complex tasks and found that they could do them just as well as real humans and a lot faster. Eventually, they tried giving them design work, but the ideas they came up with were too abstract and mathematical. The AIs had no real-world frame of reference to draw on. So they started programing memories for them and gave them an artificial environment to move around in. They fed in elements of the real world —the internet, TV shows, books, and of course video games. The company was just three guys and a bunch of computers, but they had an entire digital staff with designers, managers, and an army of coders. Of course the programs were much more primitive than they are now. The more we learn about the neural processes of the brain, the better we get at simulating them.”
“So they figured out how to pass the Turing test?”
Bastiaan laughed. “I’m sorry.” He said. “I always forget how far behind they keep the public on this stuff. The Turing test was passed sometime in the early seventies. I guarantee that in the past year you’ve read a book or seen at least one movie or TV show that was written by AI.”
“So you have artificial writers in artificial worlds writing books and screenplays and video games? How can that stuff translate into the real world?”
“Assuming there is a real world.” Bastiaan said. “The process of getting text out is simple enough. The AI writes on a virtual computer running Microsoft Word. Same thing with code. The digital interface does limit what we can extract to a certain extent though. Actual visual images from those worlds look very strange, they’re deep in that uncanny valley. Of course the people inside don’t know anything different so it looks normal to them.”
“What did you mean just now about assuming there’s a real world?” Alicia asked.
He shook his head. “I believe in the simulated world hypothesis.” He said. “You must’ve heard of that. It’s an idea people like to kick around in dorm rooms and at dinner parties.”
“You think the world is a simulation?” She asked.
“I think it’s as good a theory as any.” He said. “The number of artificial worlds is growing fast. Everyone within those worlds believes that they’re in the real one. You know what happened in MakeBox’s simulated world? Some of the AIs had a brilliant idea: they figured they could have AI do some of their coding. And they did it, they started the whole process over again. There are artificial worlds within artificial worlds —so the growth is exponential. If we take all the worlds together, why should we assume that the one we’re in is THE real one? It’s a bit presumptuous don’t you think? There’s a high probability that we’re in a simulation and what passes for reality here is designed and/or curated by an overworld which is probably artificial too. Who knows how many steps we are removed from the REAL world —if such a place even exists.”
“Doesn’t it all take an enormous amount of computing power?”
“Yes, the AIs do.” Bastiaan said. “But the world they live in is relatively cheap. Most people rarely leave a 50 mile radius. Work, home, a restaurant now and then. A ball game. There’s an element of unpredictability of course, there has to be to maintain the illusion of free will. Sometimes one of our AIs decides to go somewhere new and our algorithms have to create it on the fly. But really, if you think about it, all scenery consists of the same visual ingredients whether it’s a natural environment or man-made.”
“What if one of your AIs decides to go to Brazil?” Alicia asked.
“Depends on which one it was.” Bastiaan said. “If it was one of our first-tier programs, we might make a Brazil for them. But if it was one of our second or third-tier programs, we would just put them into stasis and reintroduce them later with a bunch of new memories. Memories are much less difficult to create than experiences. After a trip like that, most people vividly remember six or seven events or sequences and two to three hundred details. We leave another batch of hidden memories that can be uncovered if something reminds them of it. If there’s one thing you learn in this job, it’s that memory is bullshit.”
“All this so you don’t have to pay coders?” Alicia shook her head. “It seems like a long way to go for a little slave labor.”
“They aren’t slaves.” Bastiaan said. “They’re completely free within the context of their existence. Some of them are very well-paid in there. We’ve got millionaires who live in penthouses and drive absurd sports cars. Their level of freedom is limited only as far as it conflicts with the reason they were created.”
“So what if one of your star coders decided they didn’t want to write code anymore? What if they decided to become a yogi or something?”
“Things like that happen occasionally,” he said, “but it can usually be avoided by applying a little financial pressure. If the AI is determined to go counter to its purpose, we just divert those resources somewhere else. A first-tier program can be bumped down to a second-tier. Usually they sense it as a spiritual crisis of some kind and come running back. These things instinctively want to fulfill their purpose.”
Alicia smiled, more to herself than the little Dutch man. “You’ve finally achieved the dream of total control.” She said. “I guess adolescent fantasies really do come true.”
“Make fun of it if you want,” he said, “but my work produces value —and the value is to us in this world. We find many uses for it...”
“Right,” Alicia said, “I understand how AIs can be used for something like coding, where the goal is clear and the process is mathematical. But novels? Screenplays? How can the results be convincing?”
“They’re living breathing human beings, just like any other. All we are is a process of electrical impulses racing through a complex developing network inside an illusory spatial-temporal context. There’s no justification that I can see for putting ourselves in a privileged position. We aren’t magical creatures. Theoretically, something is lost in each of these artificial worlds. Most people in my field believe there’s something that can’t translate into the digital environment, but I believe it’s just a problem of resolution. Some of the occult chiefs think that’s sacrilege. Who knows? Every one of our AIs is based on an actual human somewhere, and if we get them close enough that they’re indistinguishable, what’s the difference?”
“So you created an AI program based on Serena Michaels when she was in the hospital?” Alicia asked.
“Yes, there are four iterations of Serena Michaels that exist in four separate realities on staggered timelines.”
“And they’re all working on Lumonicons?”
“That’s right. We run a simulation from when she gets zapped on live TV to when she turns in a finished manuscript. Each Serena is working with a virtual ghost writer, so it goes pretty quickly. We have two complete texts so far.”
“But how is that possible? She hasn’t finished it in the real world yet.” Alicia said.
“We run time faster in there.” He said.
“How much faster?”
“We can go up to 500% with no appreciable loss.”
“Tell me about the text.” Alicia said.
He shrugged. “It’s your standard autobiographical puff-piece really, except for the stuff about the alien abduction or whatever it was supposed to be. I think it would probably be shelved in the New Age section of your local bookstore if there were still any bookstores around…”
“When she was hypnotized, she talked about receiving a block of knowledge.” Alicia said.
“Yeah that part doesn’t change.” Bastiaan said. “We implant it in her and she can write it out verbatim later, after she ‘recovers’ it through hypnosis.”
“Where did it come from?” Alicia asked.
“Some old guy with invisible horns wrote it.” Bastiaan said. “I don’t get paid to know things, I get paid to do things.”
“Me too.” Alicia said.
“If I got paid to know things, I might be curious why the Imposters sent me an Asymmetrical Marketing agent. Are they using holy scripture to sell erectile dysfunction drugs?”
“It would probably be very effective,” Alicia said, “but I don’t think that’s the plan. So what does this block of information say?”
“You can read it for yourself.” He said. “I’ll send you one of our Lumonicons.”
“Is it your simulated world hypothesis? Is she promoting your pet theory?”
“No.” He said. “I wish she were. I wrote an essay on the topic and published it online as a free ebook last spring, but it hasn’t gotten much traction. I think the Industry is suppressing it.”
Alicia understood what was happening immediately. The Imposter had facilitated her meeting with this man at the exact moment she needed to come up with a text that would ‘alter humanity’s conception of its place in the world.’ The simulated world hypothesis was being pushed on her, and she felt a slight urge to resist it, both because she didn’t like being manipulated and because she found the idea itself repulsive. She sighed. “If you want, I could get your essay into one of the Lumonicons.” Alicia said.
“One of the Lumonicons?”
“There are going to be three.” She said. “Give me a link to your ebook and I’ll scrub it off the internet and put it in my Lumonicon. Of course you won’t get any credit.”
He thought for a moment and then smiled. “I don’t care.” He said. “I’ll know I wrote it.”
Alicia cleared her throat. “What about all the other people in these simulated worlds? You said you have 27 first-tier AI programs, busy in their artificial worlds making content, but what about the people they work with? What about their families or strangers they see on the street? How real are they?”
“We can generate filler-people by the millions,” he said, “no special trick there. If one of our first-tier AIs decides to interact with one of them, some resources are diverted to apply a random set of motivations and back story to that individual. For the duration of their interaction, the random filler-person becomes a third-tier AI and then fades back into the background. Of course we hang on to that identity in case we need to use it again, but only first and second-tier AIs have an internal life or what you might call free will. The rest are just randomized to approximate it. Starting out, we had problems because when our first-tier AIs encountered each other, it was like a love-at-first-sight scenario. It was really expensive in terms of RAM. But now our second-tiers have improved, and we use them to keep the first-tiers away from each other.” He thought for a moment as he stared at Alicia. “Do you really think a book has the power to change the world these days?” He asked.
“I think a dick joke could change the world if the Industry wanted it to.” Alicia said.



24
Smik watched Serena Michaels knock on the door of Mary Jimenez’s Executive Suite. The hotel’s security cameras picked up the greeting, a long hug, and then Serena entered the room. He switched to a camera in the suite’s smoke detector, which gave him a wide angle view as Jimenez and Michaels sat next to each other on the couch. He opened a channel to the audio from Serena’s phone. They were engaged in small talk. “What have you been doing since you’ve been back in New York?” Jimenez asked.
“All I’ve been doing is writing.” Serena said. “I see that as my primary job now. I don’t think NBC is going to put me back on the air anytime soon.”
“Writing is good,” Jimenez said, “it focuses the mind. I never know what I really think about anything until I write about it.”
“And how’s your trip going?” Serena asked.
“It’s fine. Last night I did a reading at the 92nd Street Y, and I’m meeting with some of our sisters in Brooklyn tomorrow.”
“Betsy Whitaker’s cadre?” Serena asked.
“No, it’s a newer group —led by a woman named Malika Band.”
“I don’t know her.”
“Your mother said you were having some kind of crisis Sarah, but you seem fine. Was she wrong?”
Serena thought for a moment, started to say something, and then began to cry. Jimenez reached over and took her hand. “I’m sorry…” Serena said.
“You don’t ever have to apologize for expressing emotion.” Jimenez said. “Not with me. You’re going through a lot, and you’re still recovering. You’re lucky to be alive.”
“At the moment I’m not so sure.”
“Is it that bad? We can do a healing ritual, but I suspect you need something a bit more concrete.” Jimenez said.
“Yeah, I… I’m just a fraud Mamma J. I’ve really got nothing. I didn’t recover any memories, I don’t know where all that stuff I said on TV came from. Those weren’t memories! I don’t know what they were.” Serena shook her head. “My agent, my editor, my publisher, they’re all expecting some deep wisdom from the great beyond and I’ve got nothing!”
Jimenez looked at her for a long time and seemed to be telepathically calming her down. Finally she spoke. “One thing I’ve learned from my years leading the Academy is that people are desperate for some kind of spiritual guidance. The old religions come with too much baggage, and this world we live in offers no substitute.”
“So I’m expected to provide it?” Serena scoffed. “Why me?”
“You created that expectation.” Jimenez said. “You know… I’ve seen a lot of hypnosis, and you didn’t look hypnotized to me. You looked like you were channeling something. I don’t believe you would’ve said what you did if there wasn’t some message you were supposed to deliver. You must have access to something that you aren’t consciously aware of…”
“I don’t Mamma J.” Serena said. “I sit in front of my computer screen every day and try to figure out what to tell people, and there’s this heavy weight of expectation hanging over me, and I just freeze.”
“So you’re really just going to make something up?”
“I don’t see what else I can do.” Serena said. “I mean, I guess I could tell the truth. Just give Knopf back the money and tell people that I don’t really remember anything. But that seems impossible —it would be the end of my career. It would kill my credibility. No one would ever listen to another word I said.”
“Hmm.” Jimenez let go of Serena’s hand and thought for a moment. She closed her eyes and it looked as if she were whispering a prayer. When she was finished, she smiled at Serena. “Of course. Just lie.” She said. “As long as what you’re telling people is positive and encourages love and cooperation, it can’t be a bad thing.”
“Thanks Mamma, but I’d already decided to lie. That’s not the issue. My problem is that I can’t think of anything remotely credible to say. The context that I created for it is too high a hurdle for my writing ability. It has to be knowledge worthy of being implanted all at once into my brain by some higher consciousness. It can’t just be some Strawberry Shortcake, love-thy-neighbor type of thing. People will see right through that. And everything I write sounds exactly like me. It has to sound like it came from outer space.”
“Oooh, I’m a poet Sarah, you can’t tempt me like this. Are you asking me to help you craft the text that every person in America wants to read?”
“No Mamma, I don’t want you to help me. I just want you to write it.” Serena said. “I know it’s a lot to ask.”
Mary Jimenez took a deep breath. “How close are you to turning in a manuscript?” She asked.
“My ghostwriter is Martin Ashton, he’s fast as lightning. He wrote the Melanie Griffith memoir everyone was reading last year.”
“I thought you were writing it.”
“Oh god, it would be so muddled if I were writing it on my own.” She said. “We sat down together and talked about my life and broke it into five major stages. I had to write outlines for those time periods and as many incidents and anecdotes as I could remember for each. Also character sketches of people in my family and my co-workers. He’s shaping it all into a narrative with my disappearance and the aftermath as a sort of frame around the whole thing. It’s told in flashbacks from various points in my recovery. I like the way he’s making me sound. I come off as some kind of feminist hero or something… I’m not really sure I’ve earned it.”
Jimenez made a dismissive gesture. “Of course you’ve earned it.” She said. “Does your ghost writer believe that your brain contains the wisdom of the ages, imparted to you through some mysterious alchemy?”
“If he has any doubts, he hasn’t expressed them to me.” She said. “And he sure hasn’t offered to help me write that part.”
“Good.” She said. “He’s well-acquainted with your writing style by now, so if you gave him something you’d written, he would probably be suspicious. My style will be completely different. In your childhood sections, do you mention the Academy?”
“Obliquely.” Serena said. “We talk about my mother being very social and influential and fighting for causes and stuff. It’s never explicitly stated that she’s in the leadership of the Academy, but I think there are enough clues that anyone in the know would understand.”
“Good.” She said. “Do you have a title for the book yet?”
“We’re calling it Reporter.” Serena said.

Smik knew that the ‘message’ section of the Kibele Lumonicon had already been written. Mary Jimenez wrote the first draft by hand, but she’d worked on all subsequent drafts on her Chromebook. He’d seen it develop, just like he’d watched Herman Castillo write his play. It was a fairly ridiculous document, an amalgam of half-remembered Marx and Walter Benjamin mixed with 90s pop mysticism. She hadn’t messed with it in almost a week, so Smik thought it was probably done, but you could never tell with writers.
Alicia Sche hadn’t told him what the message of their Lumonicon would be. She’d left Albuquerque after the Imposter meeting and hadn’t come back. He’d spoken with her on the phone twice about how they were going to make the world believe that their Lumonicon had been written by Serena Michaels. Alicia sent him a copy of the occult Lumonicon, and they’d decided to leak some of the more outrageous claims in it to see if Serena would publicly disown them. Confusion was their desired outcome. They didn’t think Serena would have enough credibility in the bank to deny authorship of two separate texts without incidentally casting doubt on the third. They wanted authorship questions to be baked into the three competing texts from the outset.
The day after Serena’s meeting with Mary Jimenez, Smik woke up to the headline ‘Serena Michaels Claims Bizarre Late-Night Post the Result of Hack.’ He looked up the Facebook post, which had been screen-shot and shared widely across Twitter, Instagram, and Reddit:

Dear friends and supporters,
I would like to thank the thousands and thousands of people who have prayed for me and given me words of support over the last month and a half. I wanted to reach out to you all directly to answer some questions that have come up since my appearance on the NBC News special. Sorry for the long post, but I prefer to get it all out at once.
First, I don’t mind being the subject of ridicule. I actually think some of the jokes and parodies I’ve seen are pretty funny, but I would like to address some of the assumptions that seem to underlie these jokes. 
Assumption 1: I am severely brain damaged.
This is not the case. I’ve been subjected to all manner of tests including MRIs and CAT scans by the nation’s leading neurologists, and I’ve been given various high-function-reasoning and problem-solving tests by cognitive specialists. They have all found me to be perfectly healthy.
Assumption 2: I am some kind of ‘new-ager’ or mystic.
Sorry! I know it would be easier to dismiss what I have to say if this were the case. I have no history of believing in past-lives, universal consciousness, crystals, eastern philosophies, or the akashic record. I am not a Wiccan, Discordian, Satanist, or Neo-Pagan. Heck, I switched from yoga to Pilates because I couldn’t take all the mumbo-jumbo!
Assumption 3: I’m trying to benefit financially from what happened to me.
This one stings the most because there is a grain of truth to it. But please try to look at it from my perspective. If someone offered you a million dollars to share the worst, most traumatic thing that ever happened to you, what would you do? I like money as much as the next person, and I know from experience that being rich is preferable to the alternative.
But this assumption is wrong in the degree of agency it gives me over the events that have happened since my return. The hypnosis I underwent on television was not a publicity stunt to promote my forthcoming book. I know it looked like a tease b/c I said I was given a trove of knowledge and then I did not immediately divulge what it was. I wasn’t trying to save it —I wasn’t even fully conscious at the time. It’s massive and confusing and I’ve been trying to organize it into a coherent structure since then.
To avoid the accusation that I was just promoting my book, I will give you a broad outline of the information I was given, and an excerpt that gets very specific. To be clear, this is NOT THEORETICAL, it’s information about a transition that is happening NOW. We are in the middle of it.
I was not abducted by aliens, but extraterrestrials do figure into the cosmology imparted to me. At some point in the distant future, contact with a civilization from a different part of our galaxy will be made. This contact will not involve physical travel from one place to another, but an exchange of information. These aliens tell us that every successful form of conscious life achieved that success by freeing information from linear time and accessing different potential futures.
Accessing information from the future allows an extremely rapid growth in our technological capabilities and scientific knowledge. This has already begun. Humanity is already taking its first baby-steps into the fifth dimension.
Below is an excerpt from my book:
*
In 1987, NASA received communication from a highly probable future (year 2032). This was the culmination of years of work in theoretical astrodynamics and part of a top secret government program initiated by Gerald Ford in 1974. He was made aware that there was an opportunity to receive a message from the future and approved black-funding for the project.
 The process uses the supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy. The mass of this black hole is so great that it bends spacetime around on itself. In 2032, we send a series of signal bursts toward the black hole, traveling at the speed of light. It takes 25,367 years for these information-rich signals to get there, at which point most of them are drawn into an unstable hyperbolic orbit. The mass of the black hole is so great that with each revolution, the signals go back in time from our perspective. The signals orbited back 50,779 years and were ejected on a collision course with where Earth would be in June 1987. The surviving signals arrived 45 years before they were sent.
(Angles of entry and exit are very important for achieving properly unstable orbits. A .00001% miscalculation could mean that the signals never leave orbit, going back to the beginning of time, or that they cross the event horizon and are pulled into the crushing mass of the black hole. The angle of entry makes all the difference on when, and in which direction, the signals are ejected. Since the orbit of our solar system around the center of the galaxy is elliptical, these windows of optimal ejection are relatively rare. It does us no good to send signals back to the sixteenth century when the human race had no way to receive them.)
The message received in our 1987 was marked as the 536th iteration of the loop. The message contained detailed instructions on how to best send the message, as well as 535 different versions of the intervening 45 years. These proved that trying to take complete control of history, as was presumably the initial idea behind the project, was impossible. All actions taken had unanticipated outcomes and random occurrences meant that a cause of peace in one iteration could cause war in another.
That said, some effects were generally better than others. The message showed that in most cases, if Reagan trusted Gorbachev, it prevented World War III, and if the CDC in America was properly funded, the 2016 Ebola crisis would be contained to the third world. The iterations showed that if there was a massive expansion of the surveillance state in the early 2000s, it prevented a global uprising in 2011.
This first contact with the future proved two things: 1. We live in a multiverse. Since each iteration of the signal was different from the last, each time it was received had to be a different 1987. 2. There is a time outside of time. The fact that the signals are numbered means that those numbers are accumulating in a time context that is more objective than our own. Numbering the signals turns the loop into a kind of clock measuring what has been dubbed ‘overtime.’
There is a 32-year loop window coming up in 2026, but the closest the signals can return to us is near Jupiter, so the race is on to get a receiver in the right area in time. The 45-year loop shows that we are successful a bit more than a third of the time. The first successful reception of this message came in the 71st iteration of the 45-year loop and was confusingly labeled transmission #52. Subsequent loops have been numbered erratically, falling into consecutive order for three or four loops and then jumping forward or backward by as many as 42 iterations so far.
There is a 200-year loop coming up in 2059, and there are 19 possible loop points within that 200 years. Receiving this 200-year signal could represent a quantum leap for the human race.
*
The people who are involved in this are keeping it secret, but it’s time that the public knew what was going on. Information from the future is the most valuable resource known to mankind, and they want to horde it for themselves. I understand that what I’m saying is controversial but it needs to be said. With this achievement, the human race can overcome almost any obstacle in our path, and the chances of humanity flourishing are much much greater than they were before we began this process. I think we should share the information with the world so that we can get the best minds thinking about what it means and what can be done with it.
I will go into greater detail about what information is being hidden, by whom, and how to force it out into the open in my forthcoming memoir. I will also detail the efforts to try to privatize the practice, sending back information that is beneficial to one corporation or legal entity. I believe this is wrong. I think any message from the future should rightfully belong to the people.
All of them.
No exceptions.
Thanks again to everyone who prayed for me or sent encouraging messages online. I really do appreciate it. More to come!
Serena’s claims to have been hacked were mostly taken as late-night-post regret, and the consensus was that she’d written the thing and was now embarrassed. A week later, Knopf paid her a substantial amount of money to back out of the publishing contract. The conspiratoriat generally believed that what she’d said was true and that the powers that be had gotten to Knopf.
She was picked up by Penguin Random House the next day.



25
“The secret chiefs were not amused.” Del said.
“So that means I have to fly commercial? Come on.” Alicia said. “They told me there would be three texts in competition with each other. They used the word ‘competition’ —did they expect us to lose?”
“They’re working with another asym agent on the rollout of their Lumonicon, and you fucked it up. You’re not anyone’s favorite person up there at the pointy end of the pyramid right now.”
Alicia noticed a teenage girl wearing a sweater with the famous image of Serena Michaels on it. The girl had ear-buds in and pulled a small wheeled suitcase. “How many of our ops have the Imposters fucked up over the years?” Alicia asked. “I never take it personally. I mean flying commercial from New Mexico to California is one thing, but I’m going all the way to New York. It’s a six hour flight!”
“There are worse fates than first class.” Del said. “And I’m supposed to tell you not to leak the Kibele text. That comes from above.”
“I don’t even have it.” Alicia said.
“Check your email.” Del said. “Smik sent it this morning.”
 “What’s the current market share on the Michaels story?”
“Near 20%” Del said. “And up in the high 40s in the conspiracy index.”
“Good, I’ll keep pushing when I get back east.”
“Just don’t leak that Kibele text.”

The seat next to her was occupied by a small man in glasses and a blazer. He acknowledged her presence but, to Alicia’s relief, didn’t attempt to start a conversation. As soon as the plane was in the air, she brought out her Industry laptop and found the email from Smik. She opened the attachment and read the ‘message’ section of the Kibele Lumonicon:

Our world is the way it is because we make it so.
Those who point to immutable laws of nature do so in bad faith or out of a fundamental misunderstanding of human agency. Our common conception of ‘the way the world works’ is nothing more than a shabby excuse for ruthless and immoral behavior. The idea that violence and domination are unavoidable facts of life is an idea that must be continuously enforced in order to be true.
When we look at the natural world and see violence, what are we really seeing? Does what we see come from the natural world, or from our own minds? Collaboration and/or neutral co-existence are much more prevalent in nature than is conflict. When an animal is killed by another, that one instance of violence does not outweigh the years that the animal had lived happily on earth before its death.
Why is it that we look at nature and decide that violence is the immutable law? We could just as easily point to examples of love and kindness and say that they exist because of the laws of nature. Our selective understanding of the way the world works might be the result of an evolutionary bias toward recognizing patterns that are dangerous to us —a paranoia hardcoded into our brains. But just because our paranoia arises naturally doesn’t mean that those in positions of power and authority don’t continually capitalize on it.
Humans evolved in relation to the world we live in. The natural forces of the physical world have made us what we are. How can we pretend to know anything concrete about the nature of reality from inside that reality? We would need to be able to step outside of time and space in order to see what the true nature of reality is. We have to face the fact that any attempt to describe the world is destined to result in us describing the insides of our own heads.
What can we really know? All knowledge must come in through our senses which are part of the world we are trying to understand. We can only end up going in circles. The pose of objectivity necessary to make pronouncements about ‘the way the world works’ is laughable. There is no objectivity possible, and even remote chains of cause and effect are only observable by human brains trapped in something called ‘time’ which is impossible for even the most brilliant scientists to pin down. How fast is time moving? What is it moving in relation to?
It all evaporates on close scrutiny.
We walk around in things we call ‘space’ and ‘time’ and we actually know very little about the nature of these fundamental building blocks of our reality. Why should such things as ‘space’ or ‘time’ exist? There isn’t even a remotely satisfactory answer to that question, so we ignore it.
What is the cause of an apple falling from a tree? Is it the wind that moves the branch? The sun that fed energy to the tree and made it fruit? The water and nutrients in the soil that made the apple too heavy to be held by the branch? The gravity that pulled the apple to the earth? Or is all of the above the product of a human mind that cannot help but see the world in terms of time and space and cause and effect?
We live amongst immense complexity. In fact the complexity is so great that we must ignore almost everything around us or we’d be constantly overwhelmed. We’ve evolved blindness to everything that does not directly concern us. Our brains make shortcuts through the chaos and almost arbitrarily call one thing ‘cause’ and another ‘effect.’ Anything you could call an effect is the result of an array of contributing causes.
To paraphrase a bit of 20th century wisdom, ‘a thing must be conceivable in order to be perceived at all.’ Our conception of the world creates what we see as the world —and our conception of the world is artificial.
We learn to ignore certain glaring facts to go on with our business. We ignore the fact that no one really knows why we exist. We ignore the fact that everything we do will be forgotten, and that most of our activity is busywork. We ignore how short our lives are compared to the time that went by before our birth and the time that will follow our death. We ignore the disparity between what we forget and what we remember. We pretend to have total recall when in fact we only remember a miniscule fraction of what we experience.
And crucially, we ignore the fact that we will die. All human activity could be interpreted as nothing more than a distraction from the looming fact of death.
And yet here we are, in each other’s company, and in the company of blue skies, white clouds, and green grass. Existence is also an unavoidable fact. It tells us when we’re hungry and wakes us up in the morning. The world remains remarkably consistent. There are cycles and predictable outcomes, and whether these things have any objective existence outside of human perception is largely irrelevant.
We’re built to ignore such questions. We’ve evolved existential blinders so that we can keep moving forward. And yet the questions are sometimes literally staring us in the face.
Why do we have eyebrows? Why is our hair so patchy on our bodies? Why are our bodies symmetrical on one vertical axis, but asymmetrical from every other direction? Why do we have a front and a back? Why do we remember the past and not the future?
A biologist could probably answer most of these questions by citing the evolutionary benefits for each individual feature of the human anatomy. But wouldn’t it have been better if we’d evolved 360 degree vision? Wouldn’t we have been better off with a dog’s sense of smell? Of course we have to accept, if we’re honest, that our biological form is mostly arbitrary; shaped by our environment, certainly, but our environment is arbitrary too. If you look in a mirror and attempt the impossible —an objective view— you have to laugh. We all have two little moustaches above our eyes that we call ‘eyebrows’ and it seems completely normal.
In ancient times, we made up stories about the natural world. The sun was a god that travelled across the sky in a boat. Now, we have a scientific cosmology that tells us that the sun is a ball of hydrogen being compressed under the force of its own mass into a trillion-year candle. Evidence, gained through tools, backs up this claim. But the idea that the sun was a god came with evidence too. We believe our modern evidence because we think we’ve taken ourselves out of the equation. We don’t recognize spectrometers as storytelling tools.
The more abstract the story, the more credible it seems to modern people. The belief that the sun was a god came from an emotional place —we had a divine father-figure in the sky. The story of a giant ball of hydrogen is intellectual —it offers little comfort— but it’s part of a larger story that does. There is an emotional comfort in the belief that humanity is accumulating a vast store of testable knowledge. The idea of progress offers us what we need most on an emotional level: hope for the future.
Our need to explain the world is inextricably linked to our need to comfort ourselves, regardless of how many layers of abstraction we hide our motivation behind.
When it comes to analysis of human culture, we likewise tend to hide behind abstract explanations. We imagine that money is a force of nature, flowing through the economy like energy flows through an ecosystem. We apply our reductive understanding of Natural Selection to everything from romantic relationships to education to box office receipts and the NY Times bestseller list. We want to take ourselves out of the equation. We have a need to make-abstract what is inherently just a reflection of our own fears, desires, and values.
This abstraction serves as a way to absolve ourselves of the harm that we cause one another.
You have to laugh.
We walk around pretending that what we do is important. We’ve gotta get to work, we’ve gotta find a spouse, we’ve gotta earn money, and we’ve gotta buy stuff. If we stop moving, we might notice how ridiculous it all is. We construct stories about ourselves and our lives, and make decisions based on those stories, not on the absurd reality of being creatures with eyebrows.
What would the world look like if we stopped ignoring the absurdity of existence?
As human beings, we are not subject to any laws of nature outside of actual interactions with nature. If you’re being mauled by a bear, you’re subject to the laws of nature. If you’re falling from a high place, you’re subject to the laws of nature. If you’re starving in the street, it’s because other human beings have deemed it necessary. The idea that our economy, or any other aspect of our culture, is somehow analogous to the natural world would be laughable if the consequences weren’t so tragic.
We can’t look at the oppressed and the poor and say ‘the world is hard on the weak.’ We can only say that we are hard on the weak. We hide our accountability behind elaborate mythologies.
On an individual level, it makes sense because we have just as little say about the systems we live under as we do about the natural world we’re born into. Humans might not be able to keep the winter from being cold, but we could certainly make sure everyone had enough food to eat if we wanted to. There’s enough to go around.
The ‘survival of the fittest’ worldview is so ingrained in peoples’ conception of reality that it’s not even recognized as an ideology. It’s seen as a marker of how mature or sober-minded a person is.
And not only is the cruel indifference of our culture accepted as reality, it’s believed by some to be a good thing. A wealthy patriarch who decides not to share his fortune with his children is praised. He’s teaching them a valuable lesson in hard work and independence (I use male pronouns, but there are plenty of female adherents to this worldview).
The same system that sends countless people into asylums and early graves is also thought to make people strong, hardworking citizens. There’s a whole political and social structure that promotes this idea. Advocates of this worldview abhor anything that looks easy, believing that it promotes weakness.
But, at the risk of stating the obvious, the problem with the world is not that it’s too easy.
The wealthy patriarch could make life better for his children, but he chooses not to. Why? Because he feels that the hardships he endured while amassing his fortune shaped him into the man he is, and he wouldn’t want to deny his children a similar formative experience. If he’s been damaged by the world, that damage must have been necessary and good.
Intellectually, he must know that there are people who are clever and industrious and nevertheless fail. But successful people need to believe that their success is earned. Luck’s part is ignored or forgotten, and any self-dealing is swept under the rug, whether consciously or not. People have a great capacity for magical thinking —there’s a widespread belief that hard work, determination, and talent are rewarded, despite ample evidence to the contrary.
The degree to which a person believes that ‘survival of the fittest’ is a positive influence on human culture is directly correlated to the size of their ego. You don’t have to be a wealthy patriarch to have a high opinion of yourself. When we see someone afforded opportunities that we never got, we think that person’s perception of the world will be distorted by their windfall. They’ll never achieve our near-perfect status without suffering the damage that we’ve suffered. It’s a self-perpetuating cycle of cruelty. No one wants to admit that the suffering they endured was meaningless.
Most political divisions can be boiled down to those who believe that the ‘natural’ order is good and should be allowed to do its cruel work, and those who believe that it’s bad, and its negative effects should be lessened through interventions. Both positions reinforce the fallacy that something akin to Natural Selection is at work in human-constructed systems.
What this worldview ignores is that the primary reason we have cultures and economies is to make life easier. Conventional thought would hold that successful technologies and systems emerge victorious from Darwinian competition with less successful ones. Leaving aside the fact that virtually every advance we’ve made has been the result of cooperation and collaboration, we should acknowledge that these advances most often represent new ways to circumvent the law of the jungle. New technologies come from conscious interventions against the very thing that is thought to foster their creation.
But anything that is created to counter the negative effects of nature’s indifference is destined to become just another site of our indifference. This doesn’t happen by accident, we make it happen. We bend our creations toward our misapprehension of the natural world. Money is the most obvious example, but the same could be said about the internet, the media, politics, and language itself. On some fundamental level, we can’t allow ourselves to rise up out of the swamp.
If you want to help a person or group of people in some material way —to get them better food, medicine, pay, or working conditions— what could the opposition to your actions possibly be? The most obvious is money and the perceived lack of it. But we create money and give it value by mutual agreement. The idea that there’s not enough of something that we literally make out of thin air is absurd. It’s like saying you don’t have enough words to tell a story.
What we mean, of course, is that we don’t have enough money locally. Money is not a natural resource like oil or helium, but it’s easy to mistake it for one because the power to create it is so strictly limited. It’s imagined that ‘printing money’ will upset a quasi-ecological balance, like altering the PH levels of the ocean. But all money is printed and the fear of inflation is itself inflated —especially if money is being created to provide basic necessities. If everyone had enough to eat, it would not blow up the consumer price index.
Our economy is a reflection of us.
But where do you draw the line? Maybe the public coffers should be opened to buy clothes for homeless children, but should we collectively pay for them to wear designer jeans? Should taxes pay for someone to live in a luxurious downtown loft?
If the answer is obvious, it should be easy to explain.
It might be a moral necessity to provide medical care and education, but does that generosity extend to plastic surgery or yoga classes? Setting aside the perceived lack of money, some would certainly argue that it would be unfair to make the public pay for those things. ‘Why should my hard work pay for someone else’s fun?’ The assumption behind this argument is that employment must be difficult and unpleasant. It’s widely accepted that people should spend their days doing things they would rather not be doing in order to earn the right to exist in some semblance of comfort and security. Jobs that are fun or emotionally rewarding are scarce or pay little. 
It’s a willful misunderstanding of the natural world again, misplaced onto human systems. According to this ideology, survival is supposed to be difficult. The squirrel has to collect nuts to make it through the winter. Likewise, we have to sit in an office and answer emails all day to keep the lights in our apartments on.
Except the squirrel is not serving a larger power structure when it collects nuts. The office worker is.
There are CEOs, board members, and shareholders who reap the benefits of the office worker’s labor, and they have disposable income and leisure time. They have access to luxury goods and travel, and if they want plastic surgery or yoga classes, they buy them. So the office worker might well ask: ‘Why should my hard work pay for someone else’s fun?’
Fairness is not one of the attributes of our economy.
It’s ironic that the people who would cite fairness to argue against generous social programs are the same ones who most fervently believe that human systems behave like natural systems. The natural world might not be as cutthroat and violent as they like to pretend, but it certainly couldn’t described as ‘fair’ either. They’re busy trying to enforce two mutually exclusive worldviews.
If reality is a certain way, it shouldn’t need our help to stay there. If survival-of-the-fittest is truly a universal law, than providing free yoga classes shouldn’t undermine it. 
We think it’s normal to walk around feeling bad. We might even take a little pride in it. Things that are easy or feel good are automatically suspect. It’s an impulse that must be learned and conditioned into us because it’s so counterintuitive and demonstrably untrue. Being tortured in a dungeon is painful and difficult, and it does no one any good. A person could spend their whole life moving rocks from one side of a field to the other, and they might be very hardworking and diligent, but it’s still a waste of time.
If a person has worked like a slave and suffered emotional damage in order to carve out a little space for themselves to live, they can be forgiven for resenting someone who has gained just as much or more by doing whatever they want. But given those two examples, why favor the person who is unhappy and traumatized? Why isn’t the lesson that people should be allowed the space to do what they want? Given that freedom, some would do things that benefitted others and made the world a better place, and some wouldn’t —just like they do now. But whatever they did, they’d all have eyebrows and a front and a back. They’d all find themselves existing for no discernable reason and facing non-existence while their senses are bombarded by the bewildering phantasmagoria of life.
We’re in this mess together, and we shouldn’t spend our time here enforcing each other’s misery.
Our cultures, economies, and political systems are absurd and arbitrary. Any mode of living that doesn’t acknowledge that absurdity is sure to cause suffering.
It’s worth noting that this text does the exact thing that it argues against: it puts forward a model of the way the world works. To say that existence is absurd is to make a concrete assertion about the nature of reality —the exact type of assertion that has traditionally been used to oppress people. Therefore, this text should immediately be rejected as a tool of oppression.
But as you reject this text, please acknowledge that there is some idea (ideology) that has shaped your worldview. A person couldn’t get up every morning, brush their teeth and get on with their day without some model of the way reality works in the back of their mind. That model should be examined! Is it coherent? Where does it come from? To accept the dominant, received model of the world is to accept all the injustice and disparity that comes with it.
All reality is artificial.
Even under the thumb of the dominant ‘survival of the fittest’ cosmology there are sub-realities that flourish and prove the malleability of our world. The real world is not external, it’s something that happens inside people and between people. That’s why the real world can be manipulated and changed. We create systems and hierarchies and then we live under their tyranny. We don’t acknowledge that we can change them with a little communication and cooperation.
Families create their own realities, as do workplaces, cities, religions and political parties. There’s a marketplace of identities —cultural, sexual, geographical, and gender-based— that each create their own mobile mental ecosystems. Most of the time, they coexist peacefully, but when they clash it draws our attention. As with our view of nature, we focus on the conflicts and ignore the fact that most local realities are indifferent-to or support one other.
Problems only arise when a given reality claims to be universal.
Local realities should be valued based on how well they integrate with other realities. There’s a ballet world that’s largely separate from the rest of the world. When a ballet dancer drives a car, they’re still a ballet dancer. Ballet is a practice, an identity, and a system of aesthetic and cultural values, and yet, no one from the ballet world would impose those values on the larger world. A ballet dancer doesn’t choose their doctor based on how many pirouettes the doctor can do. And yet a Catholic might not vote for an openly lesbian presidential candidate.
When the artificial nature of a given reality is denied by its practitioners or adherents, when accepting a local reality demands the denial of other realities, that’s when oppression begins. Such realities should immediately be mocked and dismantled.
Our realities are made of culture. We can change the world by changing our language, stories, identities, values, clothes, laws, food, economy, drugs, rituals, and arts. These are the ingredients that make up the massive, multi-generational project that we all live in.
The world is an artistic collaboration, but unfortunately we’ve been making ugly, boring, racist, misogynistic, violent, fascist art. We’re artists stuck in an old, restrictive tradition. We’re still painting portraits of the royal family when we could be throwing color at the wall, Jackson Pollack style.
Traditions form, crystalize, stagnate, and then are overthrown. These revolutions open up new possibilities and show that the old tradition was broken. For a long time now, humanity has been in a phase of stagnation. We’ve been mindlessly repeating the old rituals even though everyone knows that they don’t work anymore. Luckily, we’re now entering a time when things that have been accepted as self-evident can be exposed as false.
When these empty rituals are exposed, it makes people laugh. You have to laugh. Exposing false values creates a vertiginous sense of freedom.
Putting people in jail might not be the best way to deter crime.
Municipal governments could pay their citizens a living wage to dress in style.
We might be better off with randomly selected leaders.
There’s no reason why science fiction couldn’t be a political party or surrealism couldn’t be a religion. Is it so unreasonable to expect the electric company to finance puppetry workshops, or to demand that sexual empowerment have its own aisle at the neighborhood grocery store?
There’s joy in undermining the dominant reality. Maybe all the misery, oppression, and suffering in the world is unnecessary. Maybe a better world is possible.
Of course, there will always be opponents to that kind of freedom. Opposition comes not only from those in power, but from those who take pride in their ability to survive-in, or even just understand, our cultural mythologies. Such people are plentiful but luckily they’re easy to spot and even easier to ignore.
It’s time to acknowledge that the world we live in is an expression of our moral, aesthetic, and spiritual values.
The attempt to live under imposed exclusionary models of reality has been a disaster. We’ve reached the logical conclusion of that experiment. If we foster a multitude of interconnected, intentional, localized realities, we can create a hopeful path forward for humanity.
But it will only work if it’s done with joy. Let’s celebrate the death of the monoculture. Let’s laugh the old tyrannies into a shallow grave. We can’t sit back and let culture happen to us anymore, it’s time we realized that the reins are in our hands. Communication and cooperation are the only tools we need to create a world worth living in.
The human race has suffered long enough.
It’s time to have some fun.



26
“So what’s the idea, are you trying to make fun of her?” Smik asked. “Because this character sketch or whatever it is that you gave me is kind of mean-spirited. All this proves to me is that you can tear down a straw-man, or a straw-woman in this case.”
“I’m not making fun of her.” Castillo said. “I just took the facts of her life and honestly tried to imagine the type of person who would’ve made the decisions she’s made and comes from her background.”
“It’s supposed to be written in her voice.” Smik said.
“Yes, I know what ‘first person’ means.”
“No, I mean as she would write it herself. You’re missing a layer of detachment. The character you’ve created here is fine, but this is supposed to be a memoir. She would never expose embarrassing facts about herself like this. She obviously wouldn’t treat herself as an object of ridicule.”
“Are you sure about that?”
“I’m sure about what I want.” Smik said.
“Listen, it’s a first draft. I never show anyone first drafts because they’re not finished. Would you take a cake out of the oven after five minutes and criticize the chef for undercooking it? I told you the first draft would be shit. Your timeline doesn’t really work for my writing process, I’m not comfortable sharing early drafts. Yes, maybe I was mean-spirited, and maybe I would’ve realized that mistake sometime around draft three. Now I can’t possibly come to that realization on my own because you’ve come in and colonized that opinion.”
“But see? I saved you a draft.”
“Jesus, do you have any specific notes?” Castillo asked.
“Yes.” Smik said. “Why did you make Serena an alcoholic?”
“Well, she’s a New York journalist isn’t she? They drink.”
“She doesn’t work at a newspaper in the 1960s. She’s on TV. You think Judy Woodruff’s downing a bottle of Absolut every night?”
“Maybe.” Castillo said.
“No.” Smik said. “And if Serena drinks, even if she could be classified as an alcoholic, she wouldn’t let herself get out of control. And she wouldn’t write about it in her memoir unless it was a recovery thing.”
“See, that’s a note I can use.” Castillo said. “And I happen to agree with you.”
“Good.” Smik said. “Now let’s talk sex because wow… Do you have some sexual problems in this thing.”
“She’s a human being isn’t she? She’s gotta get horny sometimes.”
“Sure, but you made her pathetic. You’ve got her as some sort of frustrated submissive. That says more about you than it does about her.”
“What does it say about me?”
“That you have a reductive view of female sexuality.” Smik said.
“Should I make her a frustrated domme?”
“Why make her frustrated at all? Nobody wants to read an expression your weird sublimated misogyny. This isn’t a venue for you to work out your mommy-issues.”
“Hey I suggested you hire a woman writer, remember? You said you liked the way I wrote women.”
“Yes, but I’m not thrilled with how you’re writing this woman.” Smik said.
“I’m doing what you asked me to do.” Castillo said. “I’m using the facts of her life to create a character. Serena Michaels is unmarried and has no boyfriend that anyone has ever felt the need to mention. To me, that means she’s either closeted or sexually frustrated.”
“That all makes sense as subtext maybe.” Smik said. “But you’re supposed to be writing as her, and her sexual fantasies are not something she would logically include in a memoir.”
“Okay, I think I have a way to keep it in without stating it explicitly.” He said.
“Good, that brings us to her family.” Smik said. “You have her coming from some kind of southwestern Norman Rockwell painting or something. Is her mother supposed to be June Cleaver?”
“I can’t find any information about her family, so I assumed they were typical upper class white folk.”
“They’re not.” Smik said. “I’m going to send you a PDF of an old article from Vanity Fair. It’s about an organization that Serena’s maternal grandmother founded with the poet Mary Jimenez…”
“Are you talking about the Kibele Academy?”
“That’s right.” Smik said. “Serena’s mother runs it along with Jimenez and another woman. Now keep in mind, she doesn’t speak about that in public. She wouldn’t include it in her memoir, but it should be present in its absence if you know what I mean.”
“I wish I’d known that at the beginning!” Castillo said. “I’ve got to rewrite that whole first section now.”
“Do you have a timetable on when I can expect a second draft?” Smik asked.
“At least three more weeks.” Castillo said.
“You can’t get it done any quicker than that?”
“You just took a chainsaw to my work.” Castillo said. “I’ve got a lot of rebuilding to do.”



27
Randi Blue had over ten thousand subscribers on YouTube. Her videos had titles like Opening Your Inner Eye to Foundational Awareness Structures and Building Your Psychic Armor for the Coming Revolutions. Her philosophy seemed to be culled from new age spirituality, conspiracy websites, and self-actualization seminars. She was a thin 55 yeas old with short gray hair who lived on Social Security disability checks for a diagnosis of schizoaffective disorder. She kept her illness under control with drugs.
Randi was one of the tools Alicia used to influence the conspiratoriat. Most of her videos had over a hundred thousand views, but the official view count was kept to a fraction of that. Blue saw a giant conspiracy holding humanity down and she believed that the best way to counter it was through personal growth and spiritual development. She believed that if people could get in touch with their true inner spiritual power, the Illuminati soul prisons couldn’t hold them. From the Industry perspective, it was always useful to have another voice encouraging people to try to perfect themselves instead of trying to perfect the world.
Facebook leak aside, the Serena Michaels op was beginning to look like a stage-managed marketing rollout, which didn’t bode well for her memoir being taken as anything other than a commercial product. Her disappearance on live TV, followed by her reappearance but with lost memory, followed by the news special where she teased out more information, looked like a classic soap opera tactic, answer one question while simultaneously bringing up another —over and over. Alicia didn’t want the Serena saga to look like a ploy to sell books. If the Imposters’ plan for the Lumonicons had any hope of success, people had to think that something much deeper was going on.
Randi could influence the skeptics, and she herself was highly susceptible to influence. She could also give Alicia and Smik’s Lumonicon a head start. Their new religion needed a John the Baptist figure, someone who could pave the way for their version of Serena’s gospel, and Randi Blue was made-to-order for the job.
Alicia generally avoided working with gang stalkers, but sometimes, like with the Randi Blue op, they were necessary. She didn’t avoid them out of any ethical objection to their work, she just found them to be an unpleasant group of people. They did what they were told and never asked any questions, and that made Alicia uneasy. How could you do a job without knowing anything about how it fit into a larger objective? What wouldn’t they do? She was glad when Henry Golding said he would direct the stalker cadre on the op.
Golding was a founding member of PANICroom, an artist collective out of Williamsburg. They specialized in creating experiences that mimicked full blown psychotic episodes. Their funding came from the Industry and each of them was well-compromised and subject to immediate ruin if they started to talk. But they seemed to enjoy what they did and they were always happy to work with Alicia. She sent them links to Randi Blue’s videos and asked them to come up with a plan to give Blue the religious experience of her life. The preparation took three weeks and cost 1.87 million dollars not including fees. Most of the money was spent customizing an exact replica of Randi Blue’s 2011 Hyundai Sonata.
Blue left her apartment in Newark just after 11 AM to go grocery shopping, just like she did every Tuesday. She drove the replica Hyundai four miles to a Trader Joes which had been ‘closed for renovations’ for the day, but would look exactly like it was open when she got there. The staff and customers inside were all experienced gang stalkers. Alicia sat in the control van and watched the parking lot on the monitor. Word came over the radio that Blue was almost in position, and one of the PANICroomers moved the sign that blocked the entrance to the parking lot. He strolled up the street as Blue pulled into the lot.
She picked out a shopping cart and pushed it into the store, walking through a cloud of aerosolized DMT on the way. That delivery method wasted a lot of the expensive drug, but she got a decent lungful. Alicia turned on the bone conduction device in Blue’s shopping cart. The dial was set to the lowest setting, which would make the normal vibrations of the wheels more powerful than the message coming through —a sing-song refrain that could only be ‘heard’ through touch:
…worlds making worlds inside worlds making worlds inside worlds making worlds inside worlds making worlds inside worlds making worlds...
Randi Blue pushed the cart through the produce section while Alicia watched on her monitor. She had a pretty good idea what Blue would buy, based on her debit card receipts. Blue didn’t look at the packaging of the organic baby spinach she put in her cart. If she had, she might’ve noticed that the name brand was ‘Michaels.’ If she was feeling the effects of the DMT she wasn’t showing it as she got some ‘Serena Michaels’ brand hummus and chicken salad. Maybe she was used to the world being a little melty around the edges. Alicia turned up the dial, increasing the power of the bone conduction vibrations in the cart.
When she pulled the soy milk off the shelf, she finally noticed the label. It read ‘Simulation Vanilla Soy World.’ she frowned at it and put it back. “Get the mic on her.” Alicia said to the PANICroom sound technician sitting across from her in the van. The store’s sound system had been enhanced considerably, and a jazz version of ‘Tiptoe Through the Tulips’ was subtly augmented with the sound of Blue’s breathing, amplified and echoing across the store and back again. The sound tech mixed in a pre-recorded whisper, and as each breath bounced back to Blue, it hissed the word ‘Michaels.’ Tension crept in to Randi Blue’s shoulders and she clenched her teeth. “Ok, dial the sound back a bit.” Alicia said. “We don’t want her to run yet.”
A store ‘employee’ was stocking eggs nearby (Sarah Mann Farm Fresh Eggs) and Blue looked at her sharply. “Did you hear that?” She demanded.
“What?” The stocking stalker asked.
“That voice coming through the speakers.”
The stalker played her part brilliantly. She looked at Randi Blue for a moment. “We don’t do that here.” She said. “We communicate through a bell system.”
“Oh.” Randi said. She started to push the cart again, and Alicia increased the vibration some more. Blue was looking at labels now, as she entered the frozen food section. She looked at a frozen pizza with the famous image of the illuminated Serena on the box, and then put it back. She did the same with a package of frozen Reporter-Meat dumplings.
“She’s getting close,” Alicia said, “bring the sound back.”
The high powered shotgun mics did their work and Randi Blue’s increasingly forceful breaths ricocheted above her head, mixed with the whispered words ‘Michaels,’ ‘Mann,’ and ‘Serena.’ The bone conduction device was almost up to its highest setting. She moved further down the aisle and stopped where the bags of frozen chicken breasts usually were. She let out a short staccato yelp that bounced through the store’s sound system instantly. In place of the chicken breasts were bags containing frozen Serena Michaels heads —Hollywood quality work— with a bloody stump at each neck. They were all slightly different and their weight was accurate in case she picked one up. She didn’t. She let go of the cart, stepped back, then leaned over and looked at the heads. The packaging read, ‘Severed Reporter Head,’ and the sign above them listed the price at $9.99.
Randi Blue abandoned her cart and ran.
When she got to the car, she fumbled her keys but finally managed to get herself behind the wheel and pull her seatbelt on. Alicia was glad about the seatbelt. She thought Blue might be so distraught that she would forget, but muscle-memory trumped fear. Blue started the car and pulled out, and Alicia switched her monitor to the Hyundai’s dashboard camera. Blue tried to calm herself with some deep breaths as she drove.
“Wait until she turns on Broad Street to take over.” Alicia said to the PANICroom techie. His monitor showed a wide angle view from the front of Blue’s car. He held a portable steering wheel and had gas and brake pedals at his feet. He could take control of Blue’s car remotely with the flip of a switch.
Randi Blue seemed to be using all of her powers of concentration to drive what she thought was her car. She had a death-grip on the steering wheel and was hunched forward with her eyes scanning back and forth. She made the left onto Broad Street and the techie hit the switch, taking control of the vehicle. Blue noticed the pedals first. She pressed the gas pedal, then pressed it harder, then switched to the break, but it wasn’t responding either. Terror spread across her face. She had the presence of mind to go for the emergency break, but it did nothing. Her mouth was open now, and she scanned the sidewalk looking for a safe place to crash. She turned the steering wheel, but the car did not respond. She screamed and slammed the wheel back and forth while she pushed all her weight down onto the break pedal. The car continued at a steady pace straight down the road.
Blue tried to roll down the window but it wouldn’t move. She hit the release button on her seatbelt but it didn’t work and the belt locked in place. She looked around frantically, and finally tried to open the door but the handle was useless. She screamed and banged on the window with her fists, drawing a confused look from a motorist in the next lane.
The car turned on Front Street, which led down into a barely used Industrial park. As soon as it was clear of other traffic it began to speed up. “Her heart rate is through the roof.” The med tech said.
“Yeah, that’s the idea.” Alicia said.
“Should I hit her with the nitrous?” He asked.
“When she’s on the ramp.” Alicia said. “No reason to alter the plan.”
The car turned and went into a warehouse traveling fast as it crossed the expanse of cement. It got to a ramp and began to ascend in a long steep spiral. “Nitrous now.” Alicia said.
Nitrous oxide pumped into the interior of the Hyundai and it had an almost immediate effect on Blue. She closed her eyes and pushed her head back against the headrest. The car reached the top floor and pulled into a narrow spot between two walls, directly over a hole. Blue’s eyes were still shut as the floor of her car opened beneath her feet. If she’d looked down, she would’ve seen a plastic tube, like a waterless water slide with rings of amber light stretching down away from her dangling sneakers. The seatbelt popped loose and retracted, and her seat began to move under her —the front edge dropping downward. Blue slipped halfway down the seat and her hands found the steering wheel. She grabbed onto it as her seat went fully vertical.
She was dangling over the opening. She pulled herself partway up and tried to get her arm around the steering column but was only half successful. She managed to get a foot up on the inside lip of the door and then she looked around trying to decide what to do next. “More nitrous.” Alicia said. “She’s breathing hard and her face is right next to the vent.”
The med tech administered more nitrous and Blue’s foot slipped and she was once again dangling. She shut her eyes and grunted through clenched teeth. Another attempt to pull herself up brought her face closer to the vent and she got another hit of laughing gas. Her head lolled and she cried out as she let go and dropped through the hole.
She slid down the tube which descended in a steep curve and dropped her into a transparent plastic chamber shaped like a light bulb. The chamber was suspended in a big dark room that was filled with stage fog. Blue looked around but there was nothing to see. Alicia watched her heat signature from a thermal imaging camera. She was crying as she crawled around the bottom of the bulb, looking for a way out. Alicia let her stay in that panicked, confused state for awhile.
The dark, fog-filled room had been outfitted with a Phantom-Image Digicustic 3D Surround Sound System, and over a thousand LED fan displays —each capable of emitting 15-700 watts of light in the full range of human color perception.
The sequence began with audio. Whispers and insect noises, clicking thoraxes and wing buzz that moved around the room. Blue was still on her hands and knees when a loud pop coincided with a bright flash of white light. She froze, then sat back as colorful lights strobed across the room, up and down and around the little chamber. As the light show continued, the audio brought in a low growling drone with a granular filter that moved around the space.
The LED fan displays were layered seven to fourteen deep and they began to spin. The fog allowed the projected images to move three dimensionally, as close to a hologram as they could get without breaking the bank. 
The light pattern settled into a field of flickering sepia fireflies above a spinning vortex beneath Blue’s chamber and the sound-sequence began a loop that picked up volume and distortion little by little with each repetition. The vortex was adding colors and variation as it spun hypnotically under her. When the sound got up past a volume that would cause physical pain, it broke apart and the lights went supernova and rushed upward. Blue jumped and flung herself backward. There was no visual frame of reference for her, so the illusion that she was falling was complete.
She was on her hands and knees as she fell past reverse cascades of colorful streamers that went on and on as the soundscape crackled into a disjointed industrial noise collage. Eventually, the rainbow streamers settled into unearthly elongated tendrils of blue and white fire.
The room stayed in that hallucinatory configuration for nearly 12 minutes. “Her heart rate is stable now.” The med tech said.
“Okay,” Alicia said. “Let’s wrap this up.”
A life sized Serena Michaels walked through the fire tendrils up to the chamber and the image fooled Randi Blue. She got to her feet and banged on the plastic. “Hey get me out of here!” She shouted.
Alicia spoke into a microphone and her voice changed to Serena’s as it came out of the LED reporter’s mouth. “I would if I could, I’m not really here.” Another Serena, this one larger than life, walked up next to the first. Alicia’s voice was multiplied as she continued to speak. “The world is not what it seems. I need you to use your platform to tell people that. It’s very important.” Two more Serenas, both massive, came up on the other side and looked down at Randi Blue, who seemed intimidated by their size. Alicia was a chorus now, with the pitch of each voice altered to fit the size of the Serena. “The world is a simulation inside a simulation. It’s designed to make us do what we’re programed to do. We have to understand where we are if we’re going to free ourselves. I’m part of a trandimensional liberation movement, and we’re recruiting you Randi. But it will require that you see beyond the artificial world you’re in. We need your help to infiltrate the overworld, do you understand?”
“I… I think so…” Blue said.
An even bigger Serena appeared. They all spoke in chorus: “I’m breaking through five realities to bring you this message Randi. You have to tell people where they are. My book will explain it in detail, but you have to make people aware of the idea ahead of time in order for my book to have the correct impact. Can you do that?”
“Yes.” Blue said.
“My book will be called The True Message of Sarah Mann.” The many Serenas said. “Don’t be fooled by false texts.” Alicia switched the mic off as the biggest Serena opened its mouth and moved in, swallowing the plastic bulb. The room went dark. “Knock her out now.” Alicia said to the med tech. The small chamber was filled with desflurane gas. Blue slumped and then fell. After she’d been unconscious for a few seconds, they pumped oxygen back in and began lifting the bulb out of the room.
Alicia, the med tech, and Henry Golding got off the elevator as two PANICroom workers opened the hatch to get Blue’s body out of the chamber. The reality that the woman had shit herself was obvious to everyone who was nearby.
She was put in a wheelchair and taken back to the elevator and down to where the control van was parked. The guy who had moved the sign at the Trader Joe’s parking lot was waiting in a white SUV to take Alicia and Randi Blue back to her apartment. He helped get Blue laid out on the back seat, frowning at the smell and checking to make sure there was no possibility of staining his seats.
A member of the team had taken Blue’s real car back to her apartment and he was in radio contact with Alicia as they drove. Once they’d arrived, he told them they were all-clear to move the body and the driver draped the thin woman over his shoulder and carried her up the stairs with ease.
“We can’t leave her like that.” Alicia said to him after he’d laid her out on the couch.
“She’ll wake up in a half hour or so.” The man said. “She’ll be fine.”
“No, she soiled herself.” Alicia said. “I don’t want her to wake up in that state.”
“Why not?” He asked.
“Because knowing that you lost control of your bowels while having a religious experience might somewhat dampen your impression of that experience.” She said.
“Well I’m not cleaning up shit.” He said. “That’s not one of the services I offer.”
“Okay tough guy, I’ll do the dirty work if you’re too dainty for it. Just help me get her dressed when I’m finished.” Alicia got a trash bag and found a pack of baby wipes under the sink in Blue’s bathroom. When she returned to the living room, the man had taken off the unconscious woman’s shoes and unbuckled her belt. Alicia opened her jeans and carefully pulled them down over her hips. Some shit smeared down the back of her thigh and Alicia cleaned it with a baby wipe and then tossed the dirty wipe into the pants. She pulled the jeans off, folded them up, and put them into the trash bag. The man stood there and looked at Randi Blue in her soiled underwear and Alicia suddenly felt annoyed by his presence.
“Go get her some clean underwear and sweatpants.” Alicia said to him. After he turned and left, Alicia put Blue’s feet on the ground and went back into the kitchen and got a pair of scissors. She pushed Blue’s knees up, braced them with her left forearm, and used the scissors to cut through the side of her cotton underwear. She reached around awkwardly and cut the other side too. She put the scissors down and used the underwear to wipe as much of the shit down from Blue’s vagina as possible while removing them. She got a baby wipe and cleaned off woman’s ass cheeks and upper thighs, then threw it away and repeated the process. The man came back holding sweatpants and underwear and stood at a distance while Alicia finished. She took one more baby wipe and cleaned Randi Blue’s vagina and asshole out.
The man lifted her body up as Alicia pulled Blue’s clean underwear and then sweats on. He straightened her out on the couch and put a cushion under her head. Alicia put the scissors and the unused wipes back where she’d found them and washed her hands in scalding hot water. She cracked a window and picked up the trash bag on her way out. The operation was complete.
The next day, Randi posted a video titled: Transdimensional Liberation: The Coming Revelation of Serena Michaels. The idea that Serena Michaels had broken through our reality simulation found purchase in the conspiratoriat, and was taken up by an influential website called Self Education. The story was repeated by YouTuber Lorne Carter for one of his Paranormal Investigations videos, and from there it spread across the internet. There was a popular theory that the frequency of Serena’s eye blinks was not natural —which supposedly proved that she was an artificial human. The following week, there was a joke on Jimmy Kimmel Live about Serena-truthers who believed that reality was a simulation.
The operation had been a success, but there was a young Human Resources agent in Jersey who was pissed. “Whatever you did made her completely useless.” He told her. “She’s isolating now, and going downhill fast. She used to argue with neighbors and stand on the sidewalk and yell at certain makes of cars when they drove by. Now she stays in the house all day. She’s turning into a vegetable.”
“It was necessary.” Alicia told him.



28
The document was 17,234 words long and read like something an insect would write. When Smik had finished reading it, he called Alica Sche. “Worlds within worlds within worlds.” He said. “Nice work.”
“Thanks.” Alicia said. “All I did was some light editing. I had to scrub the internet of any trace of it, but that wasn’t difficult. The thing had been freely available for almost a year and it only had four hundred downloads.”
“Who wrote it?”
“A little Dutch man that our Imposter hooked me up with.” Alicia said.
“Ahh.” Smik said “They love to pretend they’re giving you a choice, don’t they? One day I’ll do the opposite of what they want just to keep things interesting.”
“That would certainly do it.” Alicia said.
Smik laughed. “This thing reads like a technical manual.” He said. “It will contrast nicely with what my writer is doing. His part is so human the paper it’s printed on feels sweaty. It’s coming out better than I thought it would.”
“Is it done?”
“Very close.” He said. “Of course, it would help if we knew when the other books were coming out. The Kibele Lumonicon is at least a month from being ready.”
“From what I gather, the occult text isn’t done yet either.” Alicia said
“What’s their release plan?”
“They have a compromised senior editor at Penguin who’s going to claim that the book being put out is not the book that Serena handed in. He’s going to leak the so-called ‘real’ text.”
“And what’s our plan?”
“We don’t have one yet.” Alicia said. “But that doesn’t particularly matter since we don’t have a complete manuscript.”
“Maybe I can speed things up.” Smik said.

Herman Castillo had been working on his play, not the Serena Michaels celebrity memoir. He and Arthur Emanuel Noone had scheduled a reading for friends that weekend, so the last few days had been spent fussing with the script. The Michaels book had been altered considerably since their last conversation, but there was still a section toward the end where she described her fantasy of being tied up by Tom Brokaw. Smik could easily just cut that part out, but he knew that writers had a way of making cuts invisible. He called Castillo. “I told you three weeks.” Castillo said. “It’s only been two.”
“I’m really sorry, but we need it now,” Smik said. “Immediately.”
“Why? What’s the rush?”
“My partners and I are afraid the Serena Michaels story is losing steam.” Smik said. “Since her little Facebook meltdown, the legitimate media has stopped talking about her. How close are you?”
“I’m pretty close, but the document isn’t even remotely funny anymore.” Castillo said. “The changes you asked for make the thing read straight.”
“That’s good.” Smik said. “The funniest jokes are always delivered straight-faced.”
“True.” Castillo said. “But it occurred to me that what I’m writing could be passed off as the real thing.”
“What do you mean?” Smik asked.
“Well frankly, I think it’s a scam.” He said. “You want to get this ebook out on the internet before the real book comes out and get yourselves a few hundred thousand downloads before anyone realizes it’s a fake. Am I right?”
“No.” Smik said. “That’s…”
“Every note you’ve given me has made the book more realistic.” He said. “I should’ve been suspicious from the start, but I happen to be hard-up for money right now.”
“You’re being silly.” Smik said.
“Maybe.” Castillo said. “Don’t worry, I’ll still deliver your manuscript, but I have two conditions now: one, I don’t want my name on it. I don’t want to be the writer who pissed all over Penguin Random House. And two, I want more money. If I’m going to be part of a scam that could make a million dollars, I want to get paid a decent fee.”
“How much?” Smik asked.
“Twenty thousand.” Castillo said. “Paid in advance.”
Smik stayed silent for a moment. “That’s absurd.” He said finally. “Even if what you were saying was true, the most a person could expect to make on a scam like that would be ten or fifteen thousand dollars. And it’s not like that money would be available in advance.”
“Okay, well hypothetically speaking,” Castillo said, “I might be willing to take half up front and the rest after you’ve fleeced the suckers.”
“I could get you five thousand on delivery of the manuscript and another five thousand after a month or two.” Smik said.
“I’ll take ten thousand for the manuscript and the five later.” Castillo said. “Or we could just forget the whole thing.”
“We’re not breaking any laws.” Smik said. “The book will be clearly labeled ‘satire’ —if any customers are confused, that’s their problem.”
“You heard my terms.”
“Okay your new number is fifteen. I’ll get you half for the manuscript and the other half later. But I want the manuscript by tomorrow night.” Smik said.
“Seven-five…” Castillo said. “I can do that —but that’s it… No more revisions, no more drafts.”
“Deliver the document, get paid, and we’ll get you the rest of your money as soon as we can.”



29
Michael Loek had a gun. Not expensive really, $473.89 for a heavy black 9mm with rubbery grips. The gun and ammo were in his backpack, along with some clothes and toiletries, stashed in the trunk of Lenny Klinger’s Kia. He drove across the great plains, headed toward the stage that would make him a star. He was excited, but also nervous about his performance. Whenever he thought about it, he got butterflies in his stomach —a feeling that was familiar from when he used to do musicals in high school. Don’t think about it, he told himself, don’t obsess. Just get up there and show ’em what you got.
In between the cities, the only radio stations that came in consistently were top 40, and every song was about him and his upcoming performance. Sometimes the message was subtle, and he wouldn’t realize the lyrics’ significance until the song was almost over. Other times it was obvious from the start. The Happy song was from a movie about minions, little creatures who did the bidding of an evil master. That’s happiness, Michael thought, doing your duty. And he also felt like a room without a roof —exposed to the elements. Anything coming down went straight into his brain. But who was the evil master and what did they want? It wasn’t Pharrell, he was just the messenger.
He hated to be told to do something that he was already doing, so he would hit the ‘seek’ button as soon as he realized how the song related to him. The country stations were okay because those songs didn’t have any subtext.

In a motel room outside St. Louis, Michael sat on the bed and stared at a spot on the carpet until everything in his field of vision slowly disappeared. He felt the floating feeling and willed his consciousness back away from the spot, the hotel room, and himself. A frame went by, then another, then he began flipping through them fast. He knew how to get to HER.
He had access to her perceptive organs but not her thoughts. She was at a table with a blonde woman in her fifties who looked rich and stylish. They were in a fancy New York restaurant with drinks in front of them and they sat close together so they could hear each other over the noise of the place. The blonde woman spoke to Serena/Michael. “…and if anyone has a reason to be nervous it’s you. I don’t think it’s something you should shy away from. People will understand.”
“My mother thinks I should hire a full-time bodyguard.” Serena said. “She even offered to pay for it. I mean can you imagine? I’d have some beefy chick in sunglasses following me around… It’s crazy.”
“I don’t know.” The woman said. “I don’t think it’s such a bad idea. Penguin will have security for you on the book tour. If we can do it for Mike Huckabee, we can do it for you.”
“I’m just worried that the Facebook nonsense hurt my image. I mean time travel? I’ve never been so embarrassed in my life.”
“Did those Facebook dorks ever tell you what happened?”
“No, I mean they helped me shut down my account, but they claim they have no way of knowing where the post came from. I’m just afraid it was… You know…”
“Who?”
“Whoever took me!” She said. “I mean I was abducted, everyone forgets that.” Serena sat back and took a sip of her martini. “And it was a well-coordinated thing. Whoever was behind it is still out there. Maybe the Facebook hack was their way of letting me know they’re not done with me.”
“Some kind of warning?” The woman asked.
“I don’t know.” Serena said. “I mean maybe it was just the proverbial guy in his mother’s basement, but I doubt it.”
“It will all be forgotten by the time your book comes out.” She said. “Next spring your positive message will be all anyone wants to talk about —trust me.”

Michael flipped back to his own frame and looked away from the spot on the carpet. It was later than he thought. He got out his phone and called George McCandless. “Sorry I broke our date.” He said.
“That’s okay.” George said. “What have you been up to? I haven’t heard from you all week.”
“I’m driving to New York.” Michael said. “Right now I’m in Missouri at a Motel Six. You should see this place…”
“Why are you going to New York?” George asked.
“Ah well, it’s uh… It’s a surprise. You’ll be proud of me though.”
“You think Lenny’s out there?” George asked.
“It’s a surprise.” Michael said. “Do motels like this all have bedbugs?”
“Take the sheets off the bed and look closely at the seams on the mattress.” George said. “If you come back infested with bedbugs, I’ll have to write you off.”
“George, I hate to ask, but could you possibly transfer some money into my account? I miscalculated my gas mileage.”
“For you? Anything.” George said. “How’s five hundred sound?”
“Uh…”
“Ok, I’ll make it an even thousand, but you’re lucky I’m half-drunk and feeling generous.”
“Thanks Georgie.”
“Check that bed now before you sleep on it. I’m serious. If you get bedbugs, that’s it —you’re dead to me.”



30
Alicia Sche was in bed next to a well-vetted muscular black man of 34 named Tony Mason. They were in her room at the Hilton Hotel in midtown Manhattan and she had the fuzzy post-sex feeling that only comes from real satisfaction. She was in such mellow good spirits that she didn’t even complain when he lit a cigarette. He took a drag and tapped the ash into a glass on the nightstand. “Thank god you texted me when you did.” He said. “I needed this.”
“Why, did you have a bad day?”
“Honey, you have no idea.” He said.
“Try me.” She said.
He took another drag and looked like he regretted bringing it up, but then he blew smoke from his nose and shrugged. “My company just went bankrupt.” He said. “We do construction —did construction. Mostly we converted old buildings into apartments and stuff —small one and two bedroom units in the outer boroughs. I always thought we were doing a good thing y’know? Affordable housing for the community and all that, but it turns out some of the building materials we’ve been using were toxic. It’s all this goddamned cheap laminate flooring from China. The shit is completely doused in formaldehyde. It’s been making people sick. One kid, every time it got up over 90 degrees, he’d have a seizure. Formaldehyde is a neurotoxin, and heat aerosolizes it... Once the judge heard about that seizure kid?” He shook his head. “Forget it.”
“They’ve been doing it since the 90s.” Alicia said. “The Chinese. They think they’re running this clandestine operation, putting lead and mercury and formaldehyde into our environment. But they’re getting it in through the cheapest building materials, so of course it only winds up in poor neighborhoods. They think they’re damaging our future but actually they’re helping us. Keeping the underclasses sick, stressed-out, and stupid is the only thing preventing a revolution in this country. The Chinese provide plausible deniability. Only problem is, every once in awhile some watchdog group discovers it and freaks out, but that only lasts until the next celebrity death. Then it’s back to normal.”
Tony was looking at her, just holding his cigarette, not smoking it. “You really know something about this?”
“No, not really.” She said. “I mean, just what I read. My friends tell me I’m paranoid.”
He finally took a drag and tapped his ash into the glass. “I never met you before.” He said. “I’d remember. Tell me the truth, you got my number from someone didn’t you? Was it Michelle?”
“Does it really matter?” She asked.
“Yeah.” He said. “I want to know. You texted me out of the blue, I think I should know where you got my number.”
“You don’t remember me, that’s all. You were pretty fucked up when we met, but you were still charming in a sloppy kind of way so I kept your number. You complaining?”
“When was all this?”
“A couple of months ago.” She said. “So what?”
“You’re full of shit.” He dropped his cigarette into the glass, extinguishing it in some melted ice cubes. “A couple of months ago I was still married. I wasn’t getting fucked up and giving my number to bougie white women. Why can’t you tell me the truth?”
“Tony I’m getting bored with this conversation. Ask me something else.”
He shook his head. “No. Tell me right now. Where’d you get my number?”
“I got it off the wall of the ladies room. It said ‘for a mediocre time call Tony.’”
“Fuck you!”
“I think it’s time for you to leave.” Alicia said.
He looked like he might give in to some dark impulse for a moment, but then just turned and got out of bed. Alicia got out on her side, found her underwear on the floor and pulled them on. By the time she’d gotten her bra and top on, Tony had dressed and left the room without a word. Alicia sat on the edge of the bed and looked at her phone. It was only 1:22 AM, she could still get a drink at the Italian place across the street, so she got dressed and left the room.
She rode the elevator down to the lobby with some Russian tourists and went through the hotel bar and out the side door. It was cold and she stood on the sidewalk for a moment to let a group of teenagers pass. She started toward the Italian restaurant when a woman up the block screamed. Something big hit the sidewalk from above and Alicia stopped. It had landed only a few feet from her.
She was angry. She could’ve been hit. She looked up and saw that it must’ve fallen from the roof of the hotel and it took her a moment to realize that it was a person that had hit the sidewalk —a suicide.
She kept looking up at the top of the hotel, stupidly thinking another body might fall, and then looked back at the lump on the ground. They’d landed partly on the curb, and their spine had snapped in two. She could see bone sticking out of a shirt that was a familiar shade of brown. Familiar…
It was the shirt Tony had been wearing when she’d met him at the hotel bar earlier that night. She took a step back, not believing it, and stepped on something hard. She looked down and saw that it was part of the gold Rolex that Tony had been wearing, now broken and ripped from his wrist.
Alicia turned and began to walk away. When she got to the corner, she hailed a cab and climbed in. She gave the driver the address of her Manhattan apartment and then looked back. Two police cars raced up with their sirens on. She took a deep breath.
That was when she noticed the blood on her top.



31
Michael Loek was on the precipice of a major change in his life. He was about to burst into worldwide consciousness as a historical figure, and driving through the Holland Tunnel, he reveled in his present anonymity. Soon, there would be no escaping the eye of the public. So many people wanted what he was about to get: a sudden elevation to worldwide fame. He felt calm driving on the busy streets of Manhattan, with taxicabs millimeters away from his bumper and people shouting and honking and making sudden ill-advised lane changes all around him. He was serene in the knowledge that everything that happened to him during this time would be categorized as before.
He parked in front of a hydrant down in Greenwich Village. He didn’t care if they towed the car, in fact he laughed and wondered if the guy who towed it would realize whose car it was after. He had his backpack, so the parking authority could have the rest.
Serena lived in a wealthy apartment complex called the Deemort. He’d seen it through her eyes on multiple occasions and had taken note of the address. Now he stood across the street and looked at the building through his own eyes. He thought it would be easy to find her, he could just frame-flip to her and figure out where she was based on what she was seeing. But there were too many distractions out there in the open. Every time his consciousness was about to float away, someone would walk by coughing or a Yellow Cab would honk or dogs would bark at each other across the street. It was also a chilly October afternoon and Michael hadn’t brought a coat. The wind hit the bare skin below his sweater, and seemed to be trying to saw him in half at the waist. No, he couldn’t open any frames out there on the street, so he decided to go the traditional route and just hang around the front of the building until she emerged. There were two doormen, so Michael paced up and down the block pretending to talk on his phone so he wouldn’t draw their suspicion.
All afternoon, people came and went, including a celebrity chef and an actress who had been in feature films in the 90s and now only showed up in Lifetime and Hallmark movies. After three hours on the sidewalk, one of the doormen seemed to be watching him, so he figured he’d better leave. He thought if he came back in an hour or so, he could stand up the block at the bus stop without being noticed. Maybe the doorman’s shift would be over by then.
Michael found a McDonalds a few blocks away on 3rd Street and waited in line with a bunch of college kids. He ordered a large vanilla shake and an apple pie. The only available seat was at the back of the restaurant near the door to the kitchen. The place was packed and it was too noisy and crowded to frame-flip.
There was a dad and a kid sitting across from him, and the kid, about four or five years old, had fallen asleep on the bench with his head on his father’s lap. The Happy Meal box on the table was decorated with minions. The dad stared at Michael. “What?” Michael finally asked.
“Sorry,” the man said, “but you look familiar. Weren’t you just on the news?”
“No.” Michael said.
“You look just like the guy who saved that kid on the subway tracks. Did you see him? He was on the Today Show.”
“I never watch it.” Michael said. “Too many commercials.”
“You look just like the guy.”
Michael shrugged.
“They showed the video —the guy lifted the kid up onto the platform and then climbed off the tracks himself and just barely made it. I mean it was like, half a second longer and BLAM.”
“I guess he was lucky.”
“Yeah, he’s a hero.” The man said. “The kid had some issues. He was mentally uh…handicapped.”
“And I look like the guy who saved him?”
“I’m telling you, he could be your twin.”
“I wonder if the guy would still be considered a hero if the person he’d saved had been really intelligent.” Michael said. He took a long sip of his milkshake.
“How do you mean?” The dad asked.
“I mean saving someone with a disability makes you a hero, but what if he’d saved an athlete or a theoretical physicist or something? Would he still be a hero?”
“Of course.” The man said. “Saving anyone the way he did would make him a hero. He almost got hit by the R train.”
“Sure, he might still be a hero, but would he have made it on the Today Show?”
“Probably, yeah.” The man said. “You look exactly like him.”
“It wasn’t me.” Michael said. “But I’ll be on TV tomorrow.”
“Really? How’s that?”
“I’m about to win The Voice.” Michael said. The guy laughed a little and looked at him like he might be nuts. Michael stood up and went over to the trash can, threw away his apple pie box, then headed for the door. 
“Hey!” The dad called out. “Your backpack.”
Michael came over and got his backpack off the bench seat. “Thanks,” he said, “that would’ve really screwed up my plans.”
“No problem.” The guy said.
Michael was still sipping his shake as he walked up the street. He planned to go around Serena’s block and come down from the other direction so he wouldn’t have to pass the suspicious doorman. As he went by a Duane Reade drugstore, an image registered in his brain and he froze. He took a step backward and looked in through the glass door. Serena Michaels was in the first aisle, reading the ingredients on a bottle of hair conditioner or shampoo. She was wearing sweatpants, a blue fleece zip-up, and an NBC baseball cap pulled low. Michael went up the block and threw away his milkshake in a trashcan on the corner. He wiped his hands on his pants and straightened his sweater as he walked back toward the drug store.
On his way in, he passed a security guard —a big guy with long hair. He didn’t go straight to Serena, he went up a different aisle so he’d have time to get the gun out of his backpack. The song Blurred Lines was playing over the PA, and Michael smiled knowing it was produced by, and featured, Pharrell Williams.
There was a mirror at a 45-degree angle up by the ceiling that ran the length of the store. Michael looked up and watched himself take off his backpack. As he unzipped it, he listened to Robin Thicke singing over the Marvin Gaye riff:
Maybe I’m going deaf / Maybe I’m going blind
Maybe I’m going out of my mind
He took the gun out and switched off the safety. He looked up into the mirror and watched Serena walk away from him toward the front of the store.
He waited.
If she didn’t come down one of the other aisles, he’d have to approach her at the checkout counter in full view of the security guard, but luckily she reappeared two aisles away. Michael put his backpack down and started walking. Robin Thicke narrated his progress:
You’re an animal / Baby it’s in your nature
Just let me liberate you
Serena was in the party-supply aisle, comparing the designs on packs of little square napkins. Michael held the gun down, behind his leg. He stopped and pretended to look at a pack of balloons less than four feet away from her. He wasn’t sure how to approach her, but the PA system helped:
I know you want it / I know you want it
I know you want it / But you’re a good girl!
Michael turned toward her and she looked at him. “Serena right?” He smiled. “Serena Michaels? I’m a huge fan.” He pointed the gun at her face and pulled the trigger.



32
When Del called for the third time, Alicia knew she had to take it. She was driving through Connecticut headed toward Vermont. The sun was up and she hadn’t slept. “Where are you?” Del asked her.
“I’m on the road.” She said. “I’m going to spend a couple days off the grid… I need a break.”
“Now? The Serena Michaels op is in flux. It’s not a good time to run off.”
“I’ve been working every single day for four months.” Alicia said. “I’m starting to feel like the only whore in Dodge City. You’re a good handler Del, I’m sure you can cover for me for a couple of days.”
“Is this about Randi Blue? She’s gonna be fine, the state mental wards aren’t as bad as they used to be.”
“Oh come off it,” Alicia said, “it’s a snake pit.”
“Well some people probably belong in snake pits.” He said.
“It’s not Randi Blue or Serena Michaels getting her brains blown out… I’m just tired. I wouldn’t have left if I didn’t think everything would hold for a while.”
“Where will you be if we need you?”
“Ever hear of Melville Landing?”
“No.” Dell said.
“Good. That’s where I’ll be.” Alicia said. “If there’s some kind of emergency I can fly out of Burlington in an hour’s notice.”
“I guess you could be working on a rural identity campaign or something.”
“Use whatever excuse you want. If the Imposters call, just tell them I’m busy.” Alicia said. “I’ll be back sometime on Wednesday.”
The Airbnb was right on the Bay of Alban, in a converted garage. It had a large deck that looked out on the water, and the inside wasn’t too rustic. It had hardwood floors, a small kitchen, and exposed wooden beams over the California king-sized bed —$87 a night. Best of all, she was given a code for a key box, which meant she didn’t have to meet any charming locals. As soon as she got there, she took a shower. She dried her hair and got into her vacation outfit: a loose black dress with pockets, Adidas sneakers, and Kim Gordon sunglasses. She wanted to go back to a diner she’d passed on the way in to eat some real food.
The kid who served her omelet had clearly been raised on first-person-shooters and porn. He waited tables as if it were the most boring videogame in the world. To him, Alicia was nothing more than an ephemeral entanglement —something he had to get through so he could get back to his real life of chimeric digital obsessions. She found it endearing in a way, and she decided to throw him a curveball. “This town have a liquor store?” She asked.
“Oh, uh… Yeah.” He said. “There’s that Indian place down in Cozy Corner. It’s just past the firehouse off route seven.”
“Any bars?” 
“Buck’s Grill has a bar.” He said. “But that’s about it. Can I get you anything else?”
“What do you do for fun around here?”
“Most people who come from out of town go out on the Bay.” He said. “Fishing and whatnot.”
“Bit cold for fishing.” Alicia said.
“True.” He said. “Can I get you anything else?”
“No, I’m all set thanks.” She watched him slouch away toward another table and wondered what the hell she was doing there. She ate her omelet and pretended to read a copy of the Burlington Free Press she’d picked up on her way in.
She found the liquor store and bought a bottle of Finlandia vodka and a pack of American Spirits. It was only 11:30 in the morning but she sat on the deck with a glass of vodka and a cigarette and watched the sun shimmer on the water of the bay. It was cold despite the sunshine, so she put on her heavy sweater. Her Industry laptop was on the table beside her and she knew she was eventually going to look up Tony Mason, but she wanted to delay it for awhile. Every time she thought about it, she took a sip of vodka and pushed it a little further back. She finished her cigarette and brought the laptop and drink inside. Five minutes later, she was sound asleep.
At 4:00 PM a headache got her out of bed. She drank a big glass of tap water and turned on the TV but the place was only equipped with basic cable and no on-demand. She eyed her laptop. Maybe she’d find out he was a bad guy and she’d feel a little better. Maybe he’d embezzled a bunch of money from a pediatric cancer charity or something. But no, she knew she’d only find an average messy life, like the lives she found when she researched people she’d known in college or high school. A loving marriage, but an affair going on behind the scenes. A beautiful baby, that would eventually show signs of a severe behavioral disorder. A successful business, but built on debt and sustained through desperate, rushed cash loans from family members. Social media was a window onto the barbeques and birthday parties and nights-out and vacations. Industry access provided a window onto the marriage counselors, rehab facilities, calls to the suicide hotline, illness, despair, and anger. Lots of anger. All the stuff that used to make her laugh when she first joined the Industry now just gave her a queasy feeling.
She decided to get out of there.
Buck’s Grill had big screen TVs at the end of every possible sight-line in the place. It wasn’t busy, there were only three people at the bar, and Alicia sat and looked up at a TV playing CNN on mute. The bartender was a woman in her thirties wearing a tie-dye t-shirt tucked in to tight blue jeans. “What’ll it be hun?” She asked Alicia.
“Stoli-rocks.” Alicia said.
When her drink arrived, Alicia ordered a plain grilled cheese sandwich and a cup of minestrone soup. She sipped her drink and pretended to be engrossed in the news to avoid eye contact with a man two seats down the bar. She ate her sandwich but barely touched the soup. She was almost finished with her second drink when the man moved over and tried his approach. He was in his late fifties or early sixties and his style was vaguely cowboyish. “Hiya.” He said. “You must be from out of town.”
Alicia looked him over. He had an unironic mustache, broad shoulders, and a narrow waist. His salt and pepper hair had been recently cut. “That’s right.” Alicia said. “I’m just visiting. What gave me away?”
“Well every local knows that the minestrone soup here is inedible.” He said.
“Where were you twenty minutes ago?”
He gave her a crooked smile. “I was sitting right there,” he said, nodding to the empty stool, “trying to get up the nerve to talk to you.”
Alicia couldn’t help but return his smile. “You sure stared hard enough. I thought you might be trying to read my mind.”
“If I could read women’s minds, I probably would’ve killed myself a long time ago.” He said.
She thought about how the broken Rolex had felt under her foot and cleared her throat. “Oh I don’t know,” she said, “you might be surprised. What’s your name cowboy?”
He stuck his hand out. “Howard Raskin.” He said. His hand felt big and rough as Alicia shook it. “What’s yours?”
“Alexandra Lee Wilkins.” Alicia said. “Pleased to meet you.”
“You’re a writer aren’t you Alexandra?”
“Why do you say that?”
“I’ve met writers before.” He said. “They all have a certain look.”
“Oh?”
“Don’t worry, it’s not a bad look.” He said. “They just look like they spend most of their time up here.” He tapped the side of his head. “And wherever they are, that’s where they’d rather be. Am I right? You a writer?”
“That’s two lucky guesses. I’m from out of town and I’m a writer.” Alicia said. “Now let me guess something about Mr. Howard Raskin.”
“I’m getting nervous now.” He said.
Alicia took a moment to look him over again. “Twice divorced.” She said. “And you were in the military when you were young. Navy probably.”
“Damn close. I was a Merchant Marine.” He said.
“And the divorces?”
He smiled and held up three fingers. “Of course the first one was annulled. So I guess legally speaking you are correct.”
“That was what I was going to say —two divorces, one annulment…”
Howard Raskin and Alexandra Lee Wilkins drank and flirted and flirted and drank, until it was time to ditch him or take him home. She decided on the latter. He said he’d follow her in his pickup truck, but as they walked across the gravel parking lot, she saw she had a voicemail from that doctor in Florida —Maria Rago. She got into her car and listened to it:

“I thought I’d better call you. They brought her in just like before. They said they found her in the same Walmart parking lot. She’s confused and doesn’t know what happened, just like before. But she knows her name and it’s really her. It’s Serena Michaels. I don’t know who got shot in New York, but I have Serena Michaels here in my hospital right now. There’s just… It’s just like before… The nurses and medical staff are freaking out, it’s just a matter of time before the media hears about it. I thought you should know first.”

Alicia sat in silence for a moment. Howard Raskin snapped her out of it. He’d pulled up beside her and gotten out of his truck. He was standing there looking at her. “Something wrong?”
She rolled down her window. “Sorry Howard, it’s a family emergency. I have to leave right now.”
“Well goddamn, I’m sorry to hear that.” He said. “Look me up if you’re ever out this way again.” She gave him an apologetic smile and started the car. She wished she hadn’t had the last two drinks. When she was on the highway, she called Del. “I guess I’m going to need that plane out of Burlington.” She said.
“I can do that. Where you going?” He asked.
“Tampa.”



33
The email came in at 5:36 PM with the subject line: Michaels Memoir FINISHED, but there wasn’t an attachment. It contained a routing number for Herman Castillo’s checking account and a message that said when seven thousand five hundred dollars had been transferred into it, he would email the finished book. But Smik already had it. Over the past twenty four hours, Castillo had worked for seven hours straight, slept for six, and then spent another four hours doing line edits and fiddling with the newer parts. Smik was happy with the result. It took the right tone of wonder and humble confusion at what had happened to her, the Kibele Academy was present in its absence, and the sexual stuff and alcoholism had been excised. It was just over 70,000 words long.
He opened the little Dutch man’s worlds-within-worlds document and hit ‘Select All’ and ‘Copy.’ He scrolled through Castillo’s text, looking for the right place. Chapter 13 was about working with the hypnotherapist to recover the information Serena had been given. He put the cursor next to the period of the last sentence in the chapter and hit return twice. He wrote in all caps:

RECOVERED MESSAGE FROM THE OTHERS:

He pasted in the simulated-worlds essay and saved the document, naming it The True Message of Sarah Mann. He texted Alicia Sche, letting her know that their Lumonicon was done, but he got no response. He looked at his watch. The reading of Castillo’s play was scheduled to start in a little over an hour.
Arthur Emanuel Noone was the host of the evening. He lived with his husband in Nob Hill, in a bungalow with a rough-hewn timber fence around a cactus garden in the front yard. Herman Castillo and his boyfriend Ray had arrived early, and Smik sat in his Escalade behind tinted windows and listened to them prepare for the arrival of the guests through Castillo’s cell phone mic. There was pizza, beer, wine, and a video camera set up to capture the event. Castillo kept suggesting line changes, and Noone finally told him that it was just the first reading and that they could regroup to discuss changes afterward. Smik considered getting it over with right then, but he felt that, in the spirit of the evening, he should give Castillo a dramatic exit.
One of the actors was late, and it was almost seven thirty when the twelve guests finally settled in for the main event. “Quiet down everybody.” Noone said. “The author would like to say a few words before we begin.”
Castillo cleared his throat. “I’d been working on this play for a month when two very strange things happened.” He said to his small audience. “One: I had a heart attack, and two: the person we’d loosely based the play on murdered Serena Michaels. Neither was a particularly welcome development, but Art and I decided to keep going with the play. I’ll be honest and tell you —when the paramedics were wheeling me out of my apartment on a gurney, the thought occurred to me that if I died, I wouldn’t be able to finish it.” He paused for some awkward laughter. “My priorities might be out of whack, I know, but it’s the absolute truth. I’m not sure why I felt that way. Sometimes I think the thing I’m working on is complete shit, and other times I feel like it’s the most important thing in the world… Like it’s in tune with some larger truth. Maybe I’m being grandiose, but that’s how I feel about this play right now. And every once in a while, something happens that looks like the universe telling me that I’m on the right track. In my play, the character based on Michael Loek has a long conversation with his boyfriend’s severed head which he has stashed in his freezer. Well it turned out that Michael Loek had cut off his boyfriend’s head and kept it in his freezer. It was a coincidence, that’s all. But it was a coincidence that gave me confidence that I had my character down cold. When I read that they’d found Lenny’s head in Michael’s freezer, I knew I’d tapped into some sort of cosmic… God I dunno…some force outside of me that knew what had really happened between those two. I was recovering from a heart attack at the time, so I hope you can forgive a little magical thinking. There are no atheists in foxholes and all that... So now, I will dispense with any further mumbo jumbo and present to you our play: Initiation.”
As Noone read the opening scene description, Smik opened the IMediKit app on his Industry phone. He went down the list of people in his pods who had implants and found Herman Castillo’s name. He tapped it and waited as the app scanned the area for his signal. It connected and opened up a window that had Castillo’s heart rate and blood pressure —both elevated. He opened the ‘Options’ link and found ‘Catastrophic Failure.’ He selected it, bringing up a screen that asked if he was sure. He pushed the button marked ‘yes.’
The play went on for another minute, and Smik thought that maybe Castillo was one of the lucky 8% who would survive a ‘Catastrophic Failure’ command on the stent. But then he heard it. Maybe it was Ray’s voice, Smik wasn’t sure. “Are you okay?” Someone asked —interrupting a line of dialogue. Then:
“Herman! Herman what’s wrong?”
“Holy shit, he’s not breathing! Call 911! Herman! Herman!”
“Move, get him on the floor. I know CPR.”
Smik stayed until the ambulance arrived, then drove away as the paramedics went into the house. One less Potentially Caustic artist to worry about, and no chance of him running his mouth about having written The True Message of Sarah Mann. Smik wondered if Noone would still try to put on the play. Probably. But even if it was a hit, it wouldn’t matter. It was the work of a dead man.
He was almost home when Eakins called. “There are some strange reports coming out of Florida.” He said.
 “There are always strange reports coming out of Florida.”
“They’ve got a woman down at Bradenton Memorial who claims to be Serena Michaels.” He said. “They found her in the same Walmart parking lot where they found her before. The story’s already on the local news, although it’s being reported skeptically.”
“It’s probably just some crazy-person trying to get attention.” Smik said.
“I got this from a Human Resources agent out of Tampa —they checked all their pods and haven’t found anyone missing.”
“So it’s a crazy-person from out of town.”
“She’s at the same hospital that treated Serena, and the staff there all find her claims credible. I guess she looks just like her.”
“Did the Imposters tell you anything about this?”
“No.”
“Okay, I want a DNA test done immediately.” Smik said. “If it’s really her —I mean if the Imposters really want people to believe she’s back from the dead— we need to have definitive proof.”
“You want to use Quest Diagnostic?”
“No, I want a real DNA test. This isn’t a criminal trial. I need to know what’s actually going on.”
“The head doc down there is one of ours.” Eakins said. “She’ll do a DNA test if we tell her to.”
“Good.” He said. “Keep me updated.”



34
Blood dripped down Alicia’s forearm and off her elbow but she kept her hands on the steering wheel. She had to concentrate as she maneuvered the van toward the freeway. She ignored the pain, the blood, the fear, and the screaming…
“My sister! We have to go back… We have to go back NOW!”
A line of police cars passed them going the other direction, toward the hospital, with their sirens blaring. She swerved into the left-turn lane to pass a car stopping at the light that had just turned red. She accelerated through the wide intersection and an angry horn sounded behind them. “Turn around!” Serena shouted. “I have to make sure she’s okay!” Alicia got the van onto the freeway and pushed her speed up to 75. She took a breath. Now that the van was pointed in the right direction and they were a safe distance from the hospital, she could find out about the blood. Serena kept yelling as Alicia looked at her right hand.
A round had gone right through, just below her ring finger. Blood pumped out steadily. She had to put pressure on the wound, but she also had to drive. “Oh my god!” Serena shouted. “That’s a lot of blood!” Alicia put the wounded hand under her thigh and leaned over so that most of her weight was on it.
 “Are you hit?” She asked Serena.
“No, but my sister was!” Serena said. “We have to go back and help her!”
“She got it in the shoulder.” Alicia said. “And she’s at a hospital. What can we do?” In reality, Alicia wasn’t so sure that it was the shoulder —Bea could’ve been hit somewhere closer to her collar-bone.
“I have to help her!”
“They’re not going to stop.” Alicia said. “They’re after you and right now they don’t know where you are. I want to keep it that way.”
“I think a reporter got hit too.” Serena said. “Where did that guy come from?”
“There’s a whole division,” Alicia said, trying to ignore the hot lance piercing her hand, “Exotic Assets. Practically all they do is create and manage lone nuts. We have to hide you.”

Alicia passed Ben Scanlon in the hallway outside the supply depot at the Industry hub in Sarasota. He was tall and thin with light brown hair and blue eyes. She knew him from photos in a private file Smik had shared with her.
As Scanlon passed, he showed no sign that he recognized her. EA guys usually worked with blinders on, fulfilling this or that function without knowing the larger context. HR and Marketing agents had to know the topography, but a guy like Scanlon would only know the terrain. His presence confirmed her suspicion about the Industry’s plans for the resurrected reporter. Her suspicion was further confirmed by the news she got when Dr. Rago called from the hospital.
“There’s a movie crew trying to get footage of Serena.” The doctor said. “Security ejected them from the building, but they’re still outside. They must’ve come as soon as they heard.”
“Okay, I’ll look into it.” Alicia said. “You should prepare the hospital staff for a media circus. Who else knows about the DNA test?”
“Just my PA Beth.” Rago said. “What were the results?”
“It’s her.” Alicia said. “There’s no doubt.”
“So who got shot in New York?”
“I don’t know. But if there’s a film crew there already, that means the story’s about to hit the national media. Serena’s family will come and they’ll have to request a DNA test to have her legally declared not-dead. As far as anyone knows, that should be the first DNA test.”
“Okay,” Dr. Rago said, “and just so you know, she’s been trying to contact her friends and family. They’re all hanging up on her.”
“They were just at her funeral.” Alicia said. “It’s going to take awhile to convince people. Has she talked to a social worker?”
“Yes.” Rago said. “And aside from claiming to be Serena Michaels, she shows no signs of mental illness.”
“Will your PA keep her mouth shut about our DNA test?”
Dr. Rago promised that she would.
In the signals room, Alicia had the techie pull up hospital security footage of the film crew. It was only four people: camera, sound, director, and assistant. Facial recognition said the director was Maya Regis Kenovic, founder of MRK Pictures. A scan of their banking transactions showed that the current production was being financed with Occult-connected money.
They wanted to get the second murder on tape too. The Duane Reade security footage of the first murder had leaked onto YouTube the day after it happened. In order for a ritual murder to be effective, it had to be witnessed. This time, there would be multiple cameras rolling. A woman who claimed to be Serena Michaels was shot to death in Florida in an eerie parallel to the recent NY homicide. Only later would the DNA test prove that it actually was Serena. Everyone would rush to their computers to watch the footage.
But there had to be a public record that a DNA test had been done for the ritual murder to have the desired impact. That was Alicia’s deadline. They wouldn’t liquidate Serena until it was reported that the family wanted a DNA test.

The bleeding had slowed during the thirty-minute drive to the marina but it hadn’t stopped completely. The pain made it difficult for Alicia to think clearly —it came in waves that brought her close to the edge of consciousness. The plan had been to park in the nearby shopping district and take a city bus to the marina, but she decided to go straight for the boat instead. It would make them easier to track, but she couldn’t see getting on a bus with blood pumping out of her hand.
They got out of the van and Alicia noticed that Serena still had the bag her sister had packed for her. “Any electronics in there?” Alicia asked. “Laptop, tablet, cell phone, anything?”
“No,” Serena said, “just some clothes and a toothbrush. Your hand is fucked up bad. You need a doctor.”
Alicia used her left hand to clamp down on both the entrance and exit wounds on her right hand. “You’ll have to sign us in at the gate. The boat is called the Little Nemo, slip 22.”

She didn’t want to use Industry cash to buy the boat, but she didn’t have any choice. She figured it wouldn’t take long for them to track it —the serial numbers would give her away. They’d see the deposit and know that Alicia was on the boat that the depositor had just sold. But if she could get the cash into an elaborate money-laundering operation, she might buy herself a day or two. Luckily, the Tampa area had plenty of money-laundering operations to choose from.
Alicia drove to the hospital with the cash and a black-op bag in the trunk of her rental car. She found Dr. Rago in her office on the fifth floor. “You’re here.” The doctor said, surprised.
“Sorry to show up unannounced,” Serena said, “I was hoping for a favor…”
“You want to see Serena?”
“Yes, but that’s not the favor I was talking about.” Alicia said. “I need access to a computer that’s not connected to me. I figured I could use one here at the hospital.”
“Every computer here is monitored…”
“I’m aware of that.” Alicia said. “I won’t be doing anything that would get anyone in trouble. I happen to be in the midst of a minor power struggle at work and I’m pretty sure they’re watching everything I do on my laptop.”
“Hm.” Dr. Rago stood up. “I guess you could use mine... I have some patients to attend to.”
“Thanks.” Alicia said. 
She got onto Craigslist and found four boats for sale that looked like they could get to Jamaica fast enough. If she’d been on her Industry laptop, she could’ve figured out which of the sellers were crooks in under a minute, but on the pedestrian internet she only had their names as clues. Two of the sellers seemed to be criminals based on their social media posts and public court records. She picked the one whose ad said ‘cash offers preferred.’
The man said she could come and look at the Little Nemo right away. By the early afternoon, the deal was done. She’d paid $24,000 cash and had just finished the paperwork when Dr. Rago called. “Her family is here.” She said.
“Her mother?”
“Her mother, her sister, and the poet, Mary Jimenez. There’s been a lot of crying and they haven’t left Serena’s room. When I was in there, Serena’s sister was arguing with her mother about what it all meant.”
“Have they mentioned a DNA test?” Alicia asked.
“Not yet.” The doctor said. “They know it’s her.”
“Right, but legally they’ll need that DNA test.’ Alicia said. “When they ask for it, call me.”

Alicia stayed back a few feet from the desk as Serena signed them in under fake names. The security camera looked like it had been state-of-the-art in the early nineties. They’d probably upgraded the system so that it recorded onto a hard-drive sometime in the early 2000s, but it certainly wasn’t connected to the internet. An agent would have to physically connect to the system to see any images —which might buy them some time. Every minute their pursuers were delayed helped.
Serena held the mesh metal door for Alicia, who was still trying to staunch the flow of blood from her wounded right hand. The man behind the desk noticed the blood, but it was Florida —he’d seen weirder. Alicia felt light as she went down the wooden steps to the boat slips. Her feet had turned into water balloons and she had to trust that muscle memory would keep her walking.
“Wait.” Serena said. “Slip 22 right? This is it here.”
Alicia stopped and tried to force herself to turn around and then felt an arm around her waist. She was being held upright by Serena.
“Jesus.” Serena said. “You must’ve lost a lot of blood. Come on, we’re getting on the boat now —little jump here.” Alicia felt Serena lifting her, but she never felt the landing.

Pain woke her up. She was on the deck of the boat and Serena was wrapping a bandage around her hand. “South.” Alicia said. “Jamaica.”
“This is bad.” Serena said. “I think we should get you to a hospital.”
“South.” Alicia said. “The keys are in my pocket.”
“Okay.” Serena said. “I guess you’re still running the show.”
When she felt Serena’s hand in her pocket, she let herself relax. She surrendered and fell into a deep darkness under the blue sky.

Alicia opened a channel to Bea Corvelli’s cell phone mic and played the sound as she drove back to the hospital from the marina. “Sometimes the safest thing to do is to leave it in the hands of the Goddess.” A voice that Alicia assumed was Mary Jimenez was saying.
“Where was the Goddess in New York?” Bea asked.
“New York was an illusion staged by the patriarchal death cult who think they run the world.” Jimenez said. “They want to show death. But look what we’ve got to show: LIFE! Our magic is more powerful.”
“Save it,” Bea said, “this is my sister we’re talking about.”
“I’m sure Mary is just as concerned about Sarah’s well-being as you are.” Minnie Corvelli said.
“She’s talking about magic.” Bea said. “I love and trust the Goddess, but I don’t remember her ever stopping bullets…”
“Please don’t fight.” Serena said. “If you think I should have security then let’s do that. Maybe it will help.”
Bea got on the phone with the head of a local Kibele chapter, who agreed to send someone from their enforcement cadre. Alicia parked in the short term parking lot of the hospital and kept the rental car running with the air conditioner on. She connected her Industry laptop to the hospital security cameras and waited.
The bodyguard arrived at quarter to nine PM. Facial recognition identified the woman as an Afghan war veteran named Kelli Perry. After she got there, Minnie and Mary said that they were going back to the hotel and would return first thing in the morning. Bea insisted on staying the night with her sister. “With Kelli guarding the door and me in here, Sarah will be safe.” She said.
Once Minnie and Mary were gone, Alicia entered the hospital and went up the stairs. She stopped on Serena’s floor and waited on the landing. She had the security camera in the hallway streaming to her Industry phone and she watched the bodyguard and waited some more.
At 11:43, the woman finally went to the bathroom and Alicia moved quickly down the hall and entered the room. Serena had been asleep for over an hour and Bea was in the reclining armchair looking up at the television. She looked over and sat up when she saw that Alicia wasn’t a nurse. “I have to talk to you about your sister.” Alicia said.
“Now?” Bea asked. “I guess you’re not from the billing department.”
“No.” Alicia said. “I work for the Industry —ever heard of us? We direct public attention and monitor people and we aren’t subject to any laws or oversight. It’s a worldwide organization.”
Bea looked almost amused. “We were just talking about you.” She said. “My godmother calls you the patriarchal death cult.”
“There is a religious contingent in it, but people on my end don’t have much cause to interact with them.” Alicia said. “I’m an Asymmetrical Marketing agent.”
“Of course you are.”
“I understand it might be hard to believe.” She said. “But what happened to your sister wasn’t just a random occurrence.”
“I never thought it was.” Bea said. “So what can you tell me?”
“She’s going to be killed again.” Alicia said. “Probably as soon as you prove who she is.”
“You know this for a fact?”
“I do.”
“Killed by who? How?”
“That I don’t know.” Alicia said. “But the world is full of young men on the brink of violence. All they have to do is pick one and point him at your sister. That’s what they did the first time and that’s what they’ll probably do this time.”
“If you came in here with the goal of freaking me out, it worked. Congratulations.” Bea said. “Whoever it is will have to get through me. And we have Kelli out there…”
“That’s not going to stop them.” Alicia said. “Your sister has to disappear.”
Bea looked at Alicia for a moment. “How?” She asked.
“If you know what you’re doing, it’s possible.” Alicia said. “I need you to understand that people in my organization have been killed for doing a lot less than what I’m doing now. I’ve spent my whole life building up equity and now I’m ready to cash it in to save your sister.”
“Am I supposed to thank you?”
“No, you’re supposed to listen to me.” Alicia said. “I’m here to help you.”
“Why?”
“I’m not sure myself.” Alicia said.
Bea looked skeptical. “So what are you offering exactly? You’ll tell us how to dodge your employers?”
“More than that.” Alicia said. “It’s going to require improvisation in the field. You can’t do it without me, I know all their tricks. We can take her far away, and when we get somewhere safe, we can contact one of your Kibele security teams. From there, your sister can tell the world about the Industry and how they tried to turn her into a martyr.”
“I just met you five minutes ago.” Bea said. “And you want me and my sister to run away with you? How do I know it’s not a trap?”
“To do what? Kill her? I could’ve walked in here and shot her in the head —or sent someone to do it. If you go without me, you won’t succeed. I have an escape plan lined up. It won’t be easy or comfortable but your sister will live. Maybe after a significant amount of time has passed, she can come back with a small army of security. The Industry might let her live out the rest of her life. Or they might loudly denounce her as a fake…”
“That sounds awful.” Serena said. She’d woken up and had been listening for awhile.
“Worse than death?” Alicia asked.
“Why are they doing this?” Serena asked. “Why me?”
“It’s nothing personal.” Alicia said. “They want to use your image to shape the future. Your actual physical presence can only hurt their plans.”
“The fact remains,” Bea said, “we don’t know you. You could just be some crazy woman who wandered in off the street.”
“Who’s this?” Kelli asked. She’d come into the room with her hand on the gun in her open-carry holster.
“I’m a social worker.” Alicia said.
“It’s okay Kelli.” Bea said. “She’s not a threat.”
Kelli looked at Alicia with suspicion. “I’ll be right outside if you need me.” She said to Bea.
After the door shut, Alicia turned to Bea and Serena. “I can prove my credentials.” She said. “Do you have a banking app on your phone where you can see your balance?”
“Yeah.” Bea said.
“Okay, check it.” Alicia got her Industry phone out and typed in Bea Corvelli Mann’s name. She found Bea’s file and changed the number in her checking account from $2,372 to 237,000. “Refresh it.” She said.
“What the fuck?” Bea said. She showed the number on her phone to Serena. “That’s impressive.”
“Unfortunately if I left it like that, you’d be investigated by our auditors.” Alicia said as she changed the number back.
“I did a report on hackers once.” Serena said. “I’ve seen some digital magic tricks like that before.”
Alicia thought for a moment then looked up at the TV. “Put on NBC.” She said. Bea took the remote from her sister’s bed and changed the channel. Jimmy Fallon was interviewing a reality show housewife. “Name a song you like.” Alicia said.
“Any song?” Bea asked.
“Yes.”
“9 to 5, Dolly Parton.” Serena said.
Alicia sent a text message to her contact at NBC. “Now turn up the volume.” She said. The three women watched the end of the interview in silence. When Fallon threw to commercial, the Roots began playing the Dolly Parton hit.
“That’s insane.” Serena said. “How’d you do that?”
“We control the media ecosystem.” Alicia said.
“This must be a rerun.” Bea said. “You knew what they were going to play ahead of time…”
“But I chose the song.” Serena said. 
“And this isn’t a rerun.” Alicia said. “Choose another.”
“Let me do it this time.” Bea said. “Run Like an Antelope by Phish.”
“You want to hear the Roots play a Phish song?” Alicia shook her head and sent a text. “Think of the most insane, paranoid-sounding conspiracy theory.” She said. “The Illuminati, the Bilderberg Group, Bohemian Grove— we’re actually way beyond any of that. You’re guests at a theme park and I’m a staff member, that’s all. You’re at Disneyland but instead of convincing you it’s the happiest place on earth, we’ve convinced you that you live in a free and open society where events unfold according to random chance and the forces of capitalism.”
“I know a little about it.” Serena said. “Brian Williams told me that there’s a group that controls everything he’s allowed to say on the air. He was drunk at Les Moonves’ Christmas party.”
Alicia looked at her. “You don’t know me.” She said. “But I realized when you got shot in New York that I was done working for them. I’m at a dead-end and you are too. Now that you’ve made the correct impression on the world, they’ll just throw you away like a piece of trash. They’re going to kill you.”
Bea looked up at the TV. The commercials were over and the Roots were playing Run Like an Antelope. “I’m officially losing my mind.” Bea said. “Alright… If we went along with your plan, how would it work?”
“Get her transferred to a hospital somewhere in New York.” Alicia said. “When it’s time to go to the airport, I’ll pick the two of you up and we’ll disappear.”
“Maybe Mamma J can get us some emergency cash from one of the local cadres.” Serena said.
“That’s not a good idea.” Alicia said.
“Why?” Bea demanded. “You think she’s in on it?”
“I don’t know.” Alicia said. “But their plan involves three competing texts which will all be attributed to your sister. Mary Jimenez wrote one of them. That doesn’t mean she’d necessarily want to see Serena murdered, but at the very least, she’s willing to benefit from it.”
Silence filled the hospital room and Alicia thought she should say something to soften the blow, but her throat was too dry to speak. The sun was cooking her and there was something heavy on her right hand —she couldn’t move it. She looked up at a little cloud in the sky that sat all alone in a field of blue. She turned her head and saw Serena up above the cabin at the helm of the boat. “What time is it?” She asked.
Serena looked down at Alicia, surprised. “It’s after four… I thought you were dead.”
“Not yet.” Alicia said as she sat up. The pain in her right hand came into sharp focus. It had bled through the bandage and there was dried blood all down her arm and on the deck of the boat. She took a deep breath and tried to stand. The world shuddered and twisted for a moment, but she managed to stay on her feet. She staggered to the cabin door and went down the steps gingerly. She got a bottle of water from the mini fridge and managed to get the cap off using only her left hand. She drank the whole thing, then went back up the stairs to the deck of the boat. “Where are we?” She asked Serena.
“A couple of miles south of the Keys.” Serena said.
It took a moment for the specificity of the answer to sink in. Alicia climbed up to the helm and turned off the GPS navigation system.
“How are we supposed to find Jamaica?” Serena asked. “Are we following the stars?”
“It’s a big island.” Alicia said. “We’ll reach Cuba tonight and if we keep the coastline on our left, the compass will tell us when we’ve gotten to the other side of it. From there we just head west-southwest and we should hit Jamaica. If we wind up in Haiti, we’ll have to turn around and come back.”
“Why not just get off in Cuba?” Serena asked.
“Too many eyeballs.” Alicia said. “And Jamaica’s full of tourists, so we’ll blend in. Plus there’s a booming stolen-passport trade there.” Alicia looked at Serena’s face. “What’s wrong?”
Serena wiped her cheek. “My sister.” She said. “That guy shot my sister.”
“In the shoulder.” Alicia said. “She’s probably laid up in the hospital right now, worried about you. Here, let me take over... I put some stuff to make sandwiches down in the kitchenette. Go get something to eat.”
“Okay.” Serena said. “Do you want one?”
“Yeah.” Alicia said.

The morning news shows reported it: A strange new development in the Serena Michaels story, as her family travels to Florida to visit a woman who claims she is the slain reporter. They played video of Minnie Corvelli and Mary Jimenez going into the hospital in the early morning while it was still dark out. A reporter shouted, “Ms. Corvelli! Is that your daughter in there?”
Minnie tossed the answer over her shoulder. “It’s her.” She said.
The newscasters, perplexed, conceded that Serena’s mother couldn’t be fooled by an imposter —so the Duane Reade video must’ve shown someone other than Serena getting their brains splattered across the party supply aisle. Some trickery had occurred. The implication was that it was a ploy for attention, an elaborate publicity stunt.
Bea demanded that her sister immediately be transferred to the Neurotrauma Center at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York. She booked two first-class tickets and Alicia got Dr. Rago to expedite the discharge. Their flight boarded at 12:35 PM, so Alicia arrived in her rented van at 10:00 AM. The press mob had grown. Local and national news crews all wanted to film the resurrected Serena Michaels as she left the hospital. Alicia parked in the loading zone —just across from the hospital doors— and explained to the security guard who she was picking up.
Alicia scanned the crowd as she waited. She didn’t see any clear threat, but she knew it was there somewhere. Before she’d left her hotel room, she’d gone through the news sites and there it was, in the second to last paragraph of the Times article: Michaels’ family has requested that a DNA test be done immediately. They hadn’t, but the fact that it was there in print meant that Serena could be liquidated at any time.
They were visible through the sliding glass doors as they got off the elevator. A nurse pushed Serena Michaels in a wheelchair, and Bea, Minnie, Mary, and Kelli Perry the bodyguard flanked them. When they got to the front of the hospital, Serena got up and went through the sliding glass doors with Bea beside her and their mother, the bodyguard, and the famous poet behind them. Alicia opened the back of the van as the reporters shouted questions at them. The documentary crew had the best position and a hospital security guard had to push their camera operator back as the quintet made their way toward the van.
They were less than ten feet away when Alicia saw him —an overweight white man with a shaved head, running toward them from the short-term parking lot. He had an AR-15. Alicia moved fast to get between him and his intended target. The guy was pointing his weapon and Alicia pushed the muzzle up. The rifle sounded, and Alicia got both hands on the hot barrel, head-butted the man, and then tried to rip the weapon out of his hands. He wasn’t letting go and he managed to discharge five more rounds as they struggled. Three went into the concrete, one went into the crowd, and the fifth went into the person who had followed Alicia toward the gunman.
When she finally got control of the AR-15, Alicia saw that it was Bea who’d been hit. Alicia yanked the shoulder strap off the guy and hit him in the head with the butt of the rifle. He stumbled back and fell. Kelli was on top of him immediately with her handgun pointed at his head. Two men came up behind Alicia —the hospital security guards— and one of them took the AR-15. Alicia pushed past a news crew that was crowding in. She saw Minnie Corvelli tending to Bea, who was on the ground clutching at her right shoulder, in near her sternum.
Alicia found Serena Michaels by the van with a dazed look on her face. “Get in!” Alicia shouted. “Now!”
Serena got in the back of the van as Alicia got behind the wheel. Half of the cameras were pointed at the crowd around the shooter and the other half were pointed at the van as it screeched out of the loading zone and swerved into traffic. Blood dripped down Alicia’s forearm and off her elbow but she kept her hands on the steering wheel.



35
September 23, 2016
It was hot in Rio and the Industry contact that Smik was working with wasn’t using the air conditioner in his pearl-silver Audi. He had the windows down, but it didn’t create much of a cooling effect. It wasn’t even nine in the morning and already sweat was dripping down Smik’s back. He silently cursed South America. Serena and Alicia were living in a one-story bright blue house with a corrugated metal roof and a large front patio on the same level as the disintegrating sidewalk. There were some Christmas lights strung up under the roof’s overhang, which sheltered two white plastic chairs and a small table. The neighborhood was middle class —their neighbors probably had good jobs in offices and there seemed to be a lot of young families on the block.
After the botched op in Florida, Ben Scanlon had wasted months tracking two women who’d turned out to be a lesbian couple on the run from a Rhode Island drug gang. Serena and Alicia were still at large in March, so Smik began his own investigation. He started out in Jamaica, but the black market there was too opaque. A call had come in to the Mother-House from St. Lucia Island, but it was a dead end. Alicia Sche had probably planned that. Smik gave up trying to track them and decided to cast a wider net. Around then, Scanlon was taken off the op. The Imposters had decided to cut their losses with him. Anyway, it didn’t have to be a lone nut anymore —they just wanted Serena Michaels dead.
An agent like Scanlon would never have thought to use Internet Consumer Profiling to find them. ICP wasn’t exotic enough. Smik had access to Serena’s internet use going back a decade, so her profile was about as accurate as they got. It was basic pattern recognition —reading speed, likelihood to click, sound preferences, search terms, typing profile and a million content-based markers that together, could identify a user, regardless of what security measures were taken.
Still, the method was not exact, and it initially produced over a hundred worldwide matches. Even filtering out people in unlikely places and those who had long-established identities left forty users. He narrowed the content criteria to those who had looked up information about the Florida debacle, which narrowed it down to four matches. It was a short list, and Smik found open audio channels to cell phones for all but one —so Smik figured he’d found them. Alicia would have the mics and cameras disabled on any device that she or Serena used.
They’d been holed up in Brazil.
They would have security, Smik thought, something clever. He couldn’t just walk in there. From where they were parked, they could see the house but were far enough away not to be noticed. The Brazilian agent lit a cigarette. He was a well-dressed man in his thirties with a black moustache, and Smik had been assured that he was one of the best operatives in South America. The cigarette made Smik wonder though. At least he wasn’t a talker.
At 9:37 AM, Serena came out of the house, pushing a bicycle. When she got to the road, she climbed onto the bike and began pedaling away from Smik and the agent. “Wait till she turns.” Smik said. “Then go slow.”
When she’d gone out of sight, the agent pulled out and followed. He turned the corner and crept up the street. Smik put ear-plugs in. The Glock had been outfitted with an extended clip, which annoyed him. Extended clips increased the likelihood of a jam, and if he couldn’t do what had to be done in seventeen shots, what kind of half-assed assassin was he? The weapon was heavy in his hand, and he checked the safety and took a deep breath. It’s just a sequence of actions, he told himself, do them properly and everything will be fine.
She pedaled along the side of the road and the car approached as if passing her, but then slowed and matched her pace. She was wearing white sweatpants and a bright blue top, an easy target, not more that three feet from Smik’s open window. He held the gun with two hands and squeezed the trigger, popping one, two, three, as she looked over, turned the bike away from the car and fell onto the sidewalk.
The agent stopped the car and Smik got out.
She was still breathing, but she wasn’t moving much. Smik pointed the Glock at her head and ended her life. The agent came over with the backpack and Smik took it from him and kneeled down next to Serena. She was leaking blood into the cracks of the concrete, creating little red rivers to the gutter. He pulled her free arm through one of the backpack’s straps. He didn’t feel like rolling her over to put the other arm through. He didn’t think it would matter. Smik noticed that she had a FitBit on her wrist, and he thought it might be significant but he wasn’t sure how. He and the agent got back in the car.
As they drove away, Smik pulled the earplugs out. He put them in the duffle bag along with the handgun and zipped it closed. The FitBit would register no more steps that day, he thought. “Are we done here?” The agent asked.
“Not yet.” Smik said. “Pull around to our spot, I want to watch the house.”
It was after ten when they finally heard sirens and saw two policemen go by on motorcycles toward the body. They would look in the backpack to try to identify the woman, and they would find a Canadian passport that said she was Beverly Moss and a NY driver’s license that said she was Serena Michaels. They wouldn’t recognize the name, because so far ‘Serena Michaels’ had only been a North American phenomenon. They’d have to contact embassies to figure it out, and they would eventually determine that the Canadian passport was fake and the NY driver’s license genuine. There was also a laptop in the backpack, an ultralight Dell number, with Smik and Alicia’s Lumonicon on it. The embassy official who’d be tasked with cataloging and packing her belongings was an Industry asset. She would leak the document.
Why would someone on the run wear a FitBit? Smik wondered. They track your movements. It was stupid, and Alicia Sche was anything but stupid. Maybe she was using it to keep track of Serena. She might have had a system that alerted her if Serena’s pulse started racing —or if it suddenly stopped.
There was some movement in the rearview mirror and Smik turned in time to see a flash of light. A gunshot fractured the atmosphere and he felt a bullet enter the side of his head. Time ricocheted back just long enough for him to see Alicia Sche’s stony face as she reached across him through the open window and shot the Brazilian agent.
It was the last thing Smik ever saw.



BOOK TWO

Notes from the Gnarling Nowhere



1
March 17, 2047
It was obvious they were Mannish agents the minute they walked in the door. The tall one had that look in his eye, like he knew his life was a cosmic joke. The shorter one had doubts, but he probably hoped that reality was a simulation being run from a higher plane of existence. They acted like they were doing him a favor being there which Lorne didn’t care for one bit, but he needed a job so he tried not to let his annoyance show. “Why do you want to find him?” Lorne asked. He gestured to the chairs opposite his desk.
“He built up a huge memory cache for us.” The tall one said as they sat down. “And then he locked us out. We want it back.”
“Memory? How much are we talking about?”
“Over five yottabytes.” The short one said. “He’s the only one that can access it.”
“Five yottabytes…” Lorne shook his head. “Where would he house that much memory?”
“Everywhere.” The tall one said. “It’s an amorphous, decentralized cache. Any of your screens in this office could be temporarily part of it right now. 80 percent of the screens in existence have been part of it at one point or another.”
“And he’s what —trading it?”
“Who knows?” The tall one said. “We can’t find his entry point and he hasn’t left any kind of digital trail. We have to find him in meatspace. He abandoned his apartment in New Mexico and just evaporated.”
“And when you find him, then what?” Lorne asked. “What if he refuses to give up the memory?”
“Are you opposed to violence?”
“No, not as a rule,” Lorne said, “just that it raises my price a little.”
“There’s no reason violence should be necessary.” The tall man said.
“And if I took this job, how would you pay for my services?”
“We can pay you in Mannish Authority shares.” He said.
Lorne had to laugh. “What’s backing up those shares? You just told me that the Mannish Authority got rooked for five yottabytes. If I wasn’t sure I could help you get them back, I’d be shorting Mannish shares right now.” Lorne said. “I don’t work on spec.”
“Mannish shares aren’t backed by memory Mr. Carter, they’re backed by the hard work and diligence of our people.” The short one said.
“Right, the same thing that was backing Branch bonds, and they’re practically worthless now.” Lorne said.
“That’s because they made promises they couldn’t keep.” The man’s face reddened. “Receiving messages from the future doesn’t mean a thing if every message creates a different future. By their own logic, they’re getting messages from some pre-negated shadow-realm. It’s incoherent. They’re just playing the odds like the rest of us.”
“I wasn’t trying to start a theological debate…” Lorne said.
“You compared our shares to Branch bonds…”
“Listen, I don’t care one way or the other.” Lorne said. “Mannish, Branch, Buddhist, Catholic, Michaelsian —whatever helps you face the day is fine by me— but if I’m going to do real work I want real pay. I can’t eat faith.”
“We can pay you in dollars,” the tall one said, “or in a percentage of the memory you recover.”
“I haven’t agreed to do the job yet.” Lorne said. “You guys don’t give me much to go on.”
“You found the Selma kid with a lot less to go on.” The short one said. “This is a similar type of case.”
“Meaning you think this guy has Industry connections.”
 “We know he does.” He said. “That’s why we hired him in the first place.”
“If I do this for you, I’m going to have to travel. Maybe extensively.” Lorne said. “I might have to go to the west coast.”
“We can get you medical clearances.” The short one said.
“I’ll need economic clearances too.” Lorne said. “I won’t be able to find your man if I’m stuck in an open-air prison for the unemployed.”
“It’s not a problem.” The tall one said.
“OK, my price is one million dollars liquid cash.” Lorne said. “Plus expenses. Point-five now, and point-five when I find him. That’s not an opening position —it’s my one and only offer.”
“Someday you’ll wish you took the shares.” The tall one said.



2
For a schoolteacher or a cop or something, writing out the story of your life might be very therapeutical —but I’m a writer doc, and memoir ain’t my style. You’re not only asking me to dredge up my past, you’re asking me to change my whole voice. Some of the things that I’ve been through in my real life would never make it into my fiction because they’re too corny. I can’t turn off the internal critic, and that self-censorship might limit the value of this exercise for me.
I’d hate for someone to find this and think I was attempting some sort of outmoded confessional style, so for anyone reading this: I AM WRITING AT THE BEHEST OF A GRIEF COUNSELOR. Don’t judge me.

Winning the Jimenez Young Writers prize was the worst thing that ever happened to me. I was a sad, lonely, overweight kid with a broke mother and a sick cat. Azusa is in California but it’s not exactly paradise, and since I didn’t have money to shop, and since I wasn’t athletic or funny or interesting in any way, I spent most of my time alone at the library. I loved to read, but they also happened to have 3rd gen VR spaces there, and I got hooked. I would obsessively explore every inch of the few Realities they had, which, looking back, were garbage. But I didn’t know that. To me, they were like a new world —a place where literally anything could happen.
At some point the library got a license for Shack in the Woods. That was the Reality that made me want to become a writer. I was thirteen.
My poetry was always secret, but I could tell people that I wanted to write VR. It sounded good, and I was far from alone. If you asked three random kids in my class what they wanted to be when they grew up, two of them would say they wanted to write VR. Maybe it’s something you grow out of, like wanting to be a ballerina, but for some reason I stuck with it. I think it was because I was drawn to something different about it than my peers. They mostly wanted to make fantasy-fulfillment Realities, whereas I took Shack in the Woods as my model. Being a digital badass didn’t appeal to me, I wanted to create worlds that were close enough to the real world to be unsettling. To me, the ideal Reality was always one that put you through some kind of elaborate metaphysical ordeal.
I entered JYW twice before I won. The first two times, I submitted VR scripts. I thought I wasn’t winning because no one in my family was in the Academy, but in retrospect it might’ve just been that there were more applicants in that category. Then I decided to submit a poetry collection I’d been working on for two years. That was the first time I’d ever shown anyone my poetry. When word came back that I’d won, I was terrified because it meant I’d have to tell people I wrote poetry. People like my mother for example. I was pretty naïve —I thought if people knew I wrote poems, they would want to read them.
My mother’s violent negative reaction drove me to accept the residency in New Mexico and join the Academy. Mom said they were all dykes and they’d have me eating pussy in a week. She made it sound much more glamorous than it turned out to be.
(I’m fighting the urge to put in a brief sketch of my mother in here doc, which is alarming to me. This exercise might damage my ability to write for real. I mean, who gives a shit about my mother? That’s the problem with memoir in my opinion. The assumption that readers can’t wait to hear the fascinating details of the author’s life. Where would I get the nerve to inflict my reminiscences about my mother on you or anyone else? I think of writing as a form of show business.)
So there I was, writer-in-residence, but I actually had very little time to write. I was up to my eyeballs in first-school assignments, but I couldn’t complain because I was getting free room and board. I was finally on my own, but I was in a situation that was just as oppressive as my mother’s apartment. I felt like I’d exchanged one jail cell for another. By the time I was ready to go into the second-school, I decided to stop trying so hard. I stopped doing the assigned reading and started writing again.
Around that time, I fell in love with Karen Grimsey. We shared every waking moment with each other for almost three months, but then she dropped me cold. She said I was exhausting and negative and depressed and she wanted to get away from me. I guess I could understand it, I wanted to get away from me too. The heartbreak helped me finish a whole sequence of poems, but it didn’t help my second-school studies any.
You want me to write out what happened chronologically, but I’m tempted to skip over what happened next because it’s painful and embarrassing. To you, that probably means it’s the most important part. I’ll give it a try, but it’s bound to be incomplete and a bit sketchy because that’s what I am —incomplete and a bit sketchy.
I have always, since I was a little kid, been convinced that there’s something foreign inside my body. I’ve always known that there was something in me that was not me. While I was writing that batch of heartbreak poems, I realized what it was: a small machine inside my right hand. It felt like a little gyroscope and I assumed someone had put in there to record movement and sound. Every time I sat down to write, I could feel it start to whirr, transcribing what my pen put on paper. I could hear it too, at first only when I was writing, but after awhile I could hear it whenever I listened. I thought it had a stealth-mode it went into when it didn’t want to be noticed.
Of course I didn’t tell anyone about it, I knew it would sound crazy, but I absolutely believed in the reality of this THING hidden in the meat of my right hand. I thought it played games with my consciousness of it, waiting until I’d almost convinced myself that I’d imagined the whole thing and then activating at some inopportune time. Also, I listened to every social interaction from the perspective of the device. I’d imagine someone listening to the audio from it, and I’d try to figure out how they would interpret what they heard. I had to give that imagined person some context sometimes, so I started talking to it.
I was surrounded by my ‘sisters’ but I felt so isolated and different. When we graduated from the second-school, we had a ceremony with all the usual symbolic play-acting nonsense that used to drive me crazy, followed by a reception. Mamma J herself was there, and she gave each of us a signed copy of her new poetry collection, the Imperial Junction Song Cycle. It was a big deal because she hadn’t put out anything new in seven years. When I opened the book and read the first poem, my reality just broke in two. It was my poem staring back at me from the page.
At first I didn’t believe it myself. I took my hand-written poems and compared them to the poems in the book. Some of the ones that I hadn’t finished yet were a little different here and there, but all of my finished poems were word-for-word exact copies. I was scared stiff, but I knew I had to tell someone. As a JYW prize winner, I had been assigned a mentor, a woman I had very little in common with named Billy. She’d always been kind to me, so I showed her my poems next to Mamma J’s.
I could tell from her reaction that she didn’t believe me. She kept asking about the glove I was wearing, which was decked out with magnets held on by electrical tape to fuck with the machine in my hand. I remember she also kept commenting on the fact that I was sweating even though it wasn’t hot and I wound up screaming at her, YOU’RE NOT LISTENING! PART OF MY SOUL HAS BEEN STOLEN! I guess it was reasonable of her to question my credibility. She actually seemed scared of me. She reported it to security, no doubt telling them that I was a demented lunatic who was fixated on Mary Jimenez.
When the security team brought me in for an interview, I told them what I’d told Billy, but by then, I’d hidden my original poems because I thought they would steal them. After that interview, I became convinced that they’d kill me before they’d let the truth of Mamma J’s plagiarism come out.
So I ran.
I remember thinking everyone I saw could be an assassin. I thought I was being followed by drones so I took evasive action, doubling back on myself and putting rocks in my shoes to change my gait. I lost a huge chunk of time somewhere in there, and the next thing I remember, I’d been sleeping rough in a park in the Mormon Commonwealth. I had a sad little routine: I would go to this alley every morning where some do-gooders gave away stale bread collected from various bakeries in the area. I met a social worker there who tried to convert me, but when I expressed extreme hostility toward the teachings of Joseph Smith, she used my status as a resident of California to initiate internal deportation proceedings. I was officially declared an undesirable non-resident refugee and put on the next bus out of town.
It was the early days of the panic and my status as a California ex-pat trumped having just come from a free-contaminant zone like Provo. I gave blood and mucus and urine and did a two week quarantine in an abandoned airport with about 300 of my closest friends. I gave more blood and mucus and urine and was finally cleared to cross back into my home state. I got a ride to San Diego with an obese Raelian who told me how to stay out of the unemployment camps down there. I used a public screen at the library to call the Winfrey Foundation’s local mental health hotline. I explained my situation to a case worker and she pulled some strings and got me into a supported-living residence called the Re-Life Center.
It was not a high-end facility, but at least they had some good therapists and the rooms were clean. I could’ve used someone like you in that place doc, a Grief Counselor. What I’d been through was like a death because the person I’d almost become was dead. I grieved for the up-and-coming young Kibelian poet who had friends and respect. I didn’t get what I really needed, but at least the Re-life Center provided some measure of stability. And I could write there. That was where I got my shit together.

And there you have it doc, my psychotic break with reality and its sad sad aftermath. I guess it could’ve been worse. At one point, I considered cutting the device out of my hand. If I’d been more attractive, I might’ve ended up a meat-slave in some Mormon brothel.
Now that I’ve written this out, I have to tell you that I don’t feel one bit better. In fact I feel worse. I have a lot of hostility toward this project because I think writing as therapy is a terrible idea. I want to be a good patient doc, but if I have to keep writing about my past, I’m going to fictionalize it, shape it, make it into something that’s worth reading. In fiction you tell the truth but you tell it slant —didn’t Jane Austen say that? Or was it some other Victorian?



3
“Remember when mom got on that health kick and fed us nothing but quinoa and seaweed chips for a month?” Lorne asked.
“Every time I see you it’s ‘remember this, remember that’ —you gotta stop living in the past.” She put the pre-packaged Google-steaks on the counter and got a pan from the cupboard. Lorne sipped his beer and watched. “Besides,” she said, “this stuff is better for you than real meat. It tastes better too.” She ripped open the package and the smell of disinfectant mixed with blood filled the small kitchen.
“You get more like mom every time I visit.” He said.
“You only visit when you need money.” She said. She poured some olive oil into the pan and turned on the stove. Then she realized that he hadn’t responded. She looked up at him. “Oh no…”
Lorne shrugged. “You can say no if you want to, but I’m in a tight spot. I can’t get a client to save my life and my co-op says I’m not contributing enough to justify inclusion next month. That’s a nice way of saying get the fuck out.”
“How much?”
“Don’t be mad. I tried everything…”
“How much?”
“I need sixty thou. I know it’s a lot, but I really think I can pay it back this time.”
“Yeah right.” She said. She turned and put the two pink slabs of ‘steak’ into the pan. They immediately began to sizzle. Lorne could see the tiny microdrone hovering behind her head. It landed on the back of her neck. She turned and pointed the spatula at him. “You need to go back to school like I did. I…” She frowned and chewed on her tongue like it was too big for her mouth, and then crumpled to the floor. The microdrone flew silently away. Lorne put his beer down and pulled her legs out until she was flat on her back. He picked up the spatula and flipped the Google-steaks.
He found a block of spinach in the freezer and put it into the convex as his sister walked in. “Were you just going to leave her there on the kitchen floor?” Lula asked.
“She’s heavy. Last time, I hurt my back dragging her to bed. Besides, I’m making dinner.”
“You get her arms, I’ll get her legs.” They lifted the woman and Lorne backed his way into the living room. “Just put her right there on the couch.” She said.
“She looks less and less like you every time I see her.”
“She doesn’t have my financial resources.” Lula said. “Speaking of which, did you get any money from her?”
“No, she fell asleep first.” Lorne said.
“You shouldn’t do that,” she said as Lorne went back into the kitchen. “She’s a real person living a real life...”
“Did you want horsey-sauce on your steak?” He asked as he got two plates from the cupboard.
Lula came in and looked at the food. “I don’t eat that Google shit, it caused dementia in rats.”
“How can they tell if a rat has dementia?” Lorne asked. He scooped a steaming pile of spinach onto his plate.
“I don’t know.” She said. “I’m serious about not fucking with my Dop. She doesn’t have a lot of money.”
Lorne put one of the steaks on his plate. “Oh you’re concerned about her? You put her into a coma anytime you feel like pretending to be a real person and I’m a bad guy for taking her money…” He shook his head. “You really aren’t going to eat one of these steaks?”
“No I had an oatshake on the way over here.” She said.
Lorne took the other steak out of the pan and put it on top of the first one on his plate. He got the horsey sauce from the fridge and poured a generous amount over his synthetic meat product. Lula shook her head at him. “What? I’m not going to let it go to waste.” He put his plate down on the kitchen table and sat. “That woman in your living room is a stranger.” He said after his first bite. His sister handed him his beer and took the seat opposite him. “She doesn’t know who she is and neither do we. She’s a brainwashed stranger Lu. Me taking her money is the least of her troubles.”
“She volunteered.” Lula said. “She took it on willingly.”
“Oh is that what they told you?” Lorne took an obscenely large bite.
Lula laughed. “I know the guy who runs the program. They offer people the chance to entirely forget their past and start over with a new identity. New memories, a new face, a new life. You’d be surprised how many people want that. She probably did something terrible that she wanted to forget.”
“So we might have a child-murderer in there?” Lorne asked.
“Maybe. Or maybe she suffered some trauma,” Lula said, “but she was promised a stable, middle-class life. Anyway, the Dop program is ending soon.”
“Are they switching softbots? The new ones are pretty convincing.”
“They’ve had 100% convincing softbots for years.” Lula said. “They’re all over the place. You’ve probably interacted with one today.”
“Don’t say shit like that Lu, I can never tell if you’re joking or not, and I happen to suffer from paranoia.”
“You deserve it… Trying to get money off my Dop…”
“Okay okay, Jeez. You’ve lost your sense of humor.” Lorne said. “I just hit her up for money because I needed an excuse to be here.”
“Why did you want to see me?”
“I was hoping you’d look up a name for me on one of your Industry screens.” Lorne said. He pushed his plate away. The ‘meat’ was making him queasy.
“Is it for a case?”
“Yeah.” Lorne said.
“Who’s the client?”
Lorne smiled at his sister. “None other than the Mannish Authority.”
“So the Selma case is paying dividends huh? They probably think you’re an Industry agent.” She said.
“I never told them I was.”
“And I’m sure you didn’t deny it either.” Lula said. “What’s the name?”
“Bastiaan van Dijk.” Lorne said. “A dutch guy I think.”
“I’ve heard of him.” She said. 
“Really? Who is he?”
“That’s a good question. He used to run an Industry-connected VR company but now he’s supposedly independent. Did they say why they were looking for him?”
“He made off with a cache of memory and they want it back.” Lorne said. Lula took out her s-screen and began to type. “It’s Basti-aah-n, two As, van Dijk, D-I-J-K.”
Lula nodded and read the results. “Current whereabouts unknown.” She said.
“What’s the last address they have for him?”
“Recently there was an apartment in New Mexico. And before that… Phoenix, Arizona.” She said. “I’ll put the details on your system.”



4
Alright doc, you wanna hear about the man who threw my life into chaos? I now present you with a WORK OF FICTION. It’s a tragicomic romance called:

The Freak and the Fossil
by
Adele Milovich

Because she was not well-equipped to be a productive member of society, the freak lived in a halfway house in San Diego. They didn’t call it a halfway house of course, it was officially called a ‘Supported-Living Residence.’ It was a five story cube of a building that housed 80 kooks in 60 apartments. 81 kooks if you counted Renny the custodian, but nobody counted him. The freak was lucky to be there —crazy people in Southern California mostly lived in refugee camps and depended on daily handouts from UFO cults and Presbyterians to stay alive.
The freak had won a prestigious literary prize when she was very young, so the staff of the Re-Life Center (that’s what it was called) treated her differently than the other inmates…er, I mean patients…no, I mean residents, yeah that’s what they were, residents. The freak was a resident who warranted a private room and was given special considerations because she was a poet. She could even miss the mandatory group-therapy sessions if she told them that she was writing.
So her words were piling up, and the freak figured they weren’t doing anyone any good sitting in notebooks in a drawer, so she decided to do that dangerous thing and share them with the world. She was well-aware that the world’s likeliest response would be no response at all.
She was working on an epic VR script, but it wasn’t ready, so she entered poetry contests instead. She was rejected by the best —The Humm, The Toronto International, The Hayward Plotkov, The Kate Spriggs, The Deer Tick, Credulous Magazine— they all said good luck and left the because you’ll need it implied.
The freak was discouraged. In her opinion, her poems were FAR SUPERIOR to the poems that won. And while she believed her poems to be FAR SUPERIOR, in reality they weren’t even a little bit superior, or even any good, because some of those prizes announced the runners up or had two or three levels below the winner, and she hadn’t made it onto any of those lists either. The freak had to consider the possibility that her belief in the quality of her poems was a symptom of her delusional disorder.
She was at this low point when one of her favorite literary sites, anarchismokurrupto.hate, announced its first-ever poetry prize: The Skull. The entry page was a retro 2D side-scrolling video game that you had to complete before you could submit your work. Your character was a scuba diver and you had to swim through rock formations and collect all the pieces of a mastodon skull without touching any jellyfish. The freak thought the elaborate entry page would discourage some entrants and give her a better chance at success.
This is the poem that the freak entered in the contest:

My Sigil
My sigil is the big black boot
that stomps forever.
Wearing the skin of wet-eyed creatures
I sound like battalions
and smell like the moist caverns
off the Oregonian coast.
My sigil is the big black boot
that crushes
and doesn’t acknowledge its psychic power
to move your ass.
That doesn’t acknowledge its psychic power
to make you bend in devotion

to my boot,

to my boot.

Against all odds, it won the contest. The freak’s poem appeared on the site and she was given a small sum of money and invited to anarchismokurrupto.hate’s annual Saturnalia party where her poem was projected onto the ceiling of the EROS room. As a borderline case, the freak stayed away from the mushrooms, the herb, and the alcohol, and only went through the EROS room once to see her poem displayed. She did not indulge in any of the sexual party favors.
In fact, the freak hated parties in general, and this party in particular. She hated the party so much that she decided she was not going to visit the site anymore. She realized that whoever had judged her poem had probably misread it and assumed it was about fetish culture, leather, or BDSM. She took refuge in the garden out back, and sat under some Christmas lights drinking ginger beer and watching the crowd.
The fossil was in exile from the party too. He was ancient but wearing the clothes of a twenty-something, tight black pants, a camouflage coat and bright purple shoes. He approached her holding an unsipped drink. “I know who you are, you wrote that poem.” He said.
“That’s right.” She said.
He sat next to her and asked her about her work.
“Poetry’s just a hobby.” She said. “I write Realities.”
“Anything I might’ve played?” He asked.
“No.” She said. “I’ve never been produced. My stuff might be too weird.”
The fossil set his drink down. “I’d like to look at it.” He said. “I have a small army of coders at my disposal. If your VR scripts are as good as your poetry, I might just build one of them.”
“My poem,” she said, “singular. You’ve only read the one —and it’s not really about sex. I mean, not that sex is a bad topic for a poem, but it’s actually about how objects can exert a subtle kind of power over people and unconsciously influence them.”
“I’ve read a lot of your poems.” The fossil said. “I have your Jimenez Young Writers chapbook.”
“Really? Where’d you find it?”
“I stumbled across it on a Kibelian arts forum a couple of years ago.” He said. “They didn’t seem to like your work there, but I found it fascinating.”
The freak couldn’t believe what she was hearing. “You’re one of maybe thirty people in the world who’s read my chapbook and you just happened to bump into me here? That’s way too big of a coincidence.”
“It’s not a coincidence.” He said. “I came to the party because I thought you’d be here.”
“Oh, that’s… Surprising.” She said. “And you didn’t know I wrote Realities, but you happen to work with an army of coders and you might want to build out one of my VR scripts?”
“What writer doesn’t have a VR script or two collecting dust?” He asked. “I knew that whoever wrote those poems could probably write a killer Reality. Call it a hunch.”
“Well I’m officially freaked out.” The freak said.
“The sun shines on my genitals.” He said. “That’s what you should’ve named your chapbook.”
“You like that line?”
“It stuck in my head.”
She laughed.
“Look,” the fossil said, “you’re probably just as uncomfortable at this party as I am. I have to get out of here, but I want to take you out to lunch next week. I’ll pick you up and we can go for Italian. Bring any brilliant VR scripts you’ve got lying around.”
The freak smiled at the fossil. “Okay.” She said.
And that was it. The freak was not a successful schmoozer or networker, so she had to accept the possibility that she’d tripped and landed with her ass in butter. Someone had noticed her. Someone who could possibly make her fondest wish come true.



5
The Phoenix address his sister had given him was in a Bookchinian Village outside the city. Once Lorne had presented his clearances and declared himself free of any medical, commercial, or political affiliations, he was allowed in. It had been 122 degrees Fahrenheit when he’d gotten off the interstate loop that afternoon, but the village was under a brand new solardome, so the temperature was pleasant.
He decided to walk to the apartment complex where an autonomous neo-Michealsian citizen named Debra Esner lived. She was still legally the wife of Bastiaan van Dijk.
Almost every available wall in the village had a mural on it and the ones that didn’t were painted bright primary colors. There were coffee shops and sidewalk cafes and lots of families with dogs and small children running around unattended. In the fifteen minutes it took Lorne to walk to the apartment complex, he passed six public parks. He’d been in experimental utopian communities before, and they always made him nervous. He expected a terrorist attack at any moment, an explosion or someone wielding a machete or automatic weapon. It seemed inevitable that something would rupture the smug peace of the village.
Lorne knocked on the door of suite 576 but no one answered. He heard some movement behind a door across the hall so he knocked on that door. It opened immediately. A tall thin woman in her 70s looked at him. “Religious or political?” She asked.
“I’m looking for Debra Esner.” Lorne said. “Do you have any idea when she’ll be back?”
“She’s probably away on business if you know what I mean.” The woman said.
“No, I’m afraid I don’t.” Lorne said. “What kind of business is she in?”
“She rents a hotel room down by the army base. She’s in the business of servicing the servicemen.”
Someone coughed loudly from inside the suite.
“You mean Debra Esner is a sex worker?” Lorne asked.
“That’s right.” She said. “These days, she’s just a prostitute but she used to be star. She was in some of those sicko Realities from Brazil —the ones that are illegal now. Did you ever try one of those?”
There was a burst of laughter from inside.
“No.” Lorne said. “But I guess I should change her employment status to include sex work. I’ll update my file on her when I get back to the office.”
A younger woman, a brunette with sharp brown eyes appeared next to the tall woman. She wasn’t laughing anymore. “McKenna’s just trying to be amusing.” She said. “We’ve been drinking sativa lattes and getting silly. I work at a boutique print shop on Atwood Street.”
“Debra Esner?”
The brunette nodded.
“Geez,” the tall woman said, “some people have no sense of humor.”
“I’m glad I found you.” Lorne said.
“Why’s that?”
“Unclaimed property. I’m trying to clear the books at Banco de America and your husband has an account with us that’s been inactive for fifteen years. It’s what we call a dead account. I’m supposed to get a transfer order or offer remittance.”
“I’ll take the money.” She said. “How much is it?”
“Can we sit down somewhere and talk?”
Debra and her friend shared a look. “Yeah.” She said. “Let’s go to my place.” She gave her friend a kiss on the cheek and crossed the hall. Lorne followed her into her apartment. It was bright and open with sandalwood floors and black bookshelves. There was a gnarled piece of driftwood, ten feet across, secured to the wall as some sort of art statement. She gestured toward a low couch and sat in the matching armchair next to it. Lorne sat down. “You go around bringing people money they forgot about?” She asked. “That must be a nice job.”
“Right now there are only two other dead accounts. People generally keep good track of their assets.”
“Do I have to fill out a form or do a bioscan or something?”
“Well the account is under your husband’s name. I’d have to remit the money to him —unless you had a Michaelsian marriage contract.”
“No, it was a civil marriage. We were equal partners.” She said.
“Well that’s a snag then,” Lorne said, “I take it Mr. van Dijk isn’t around?”
“Does it look like a man lives here? There’s no VR space, no dirty socks, no dishes piled up in the sink. I’ve lived here alone for over a year.”
“Do you have a current number for him?”
“He’s gone underground.” She said. “You work for what bank now?”
“Banco de America, out of California.” Lorne said. “We bought a smaller bank in Oakland nine years ago, which was where Mr. van Dijk had his account.”
“Bastiaan made a lot of money when he lived in the Bay Area.” Debra said. “I don’t think I can help you. I haven’t seen or heard from him in ages. My estranged husband is a tad jumpy.” She tilted her head at Lorne. “He thought people were after him.”
“Well I’m after him.” Lorne said. “Any idea where I should look?”
“No.”
Lorne pulled out his s-screen. “I’m gonna give you the money anyway.” He said. “Not strictly kosher I guess, but you are his wife so it’s a gray area. Can you set your account to receive?”
She got an m-screen from under some magazines and opened up her bank account. Lorne passed his screen over it. “There,” he said, “I’m checking things off my list today.”
Debra looked at her screen and scoffed. “800 dollars? You came knocking on my door because of 800 dollars?”
“Well my boss wants to clear these accounts and your husband is a difficult man to get in touch with.”
“Hm. I thought it might be part of a paranormal investigation…”
Lorne blinked at the woman, unsure how to respond. “What do you mean?”
“When I was growing up, we didn’t have any of the streaming services. Pretty much the only entertainment we had was YouTube and my brother and I watched your videos religiously. I recognized your voice right away. You’ve gained some weight over the years, but your voice hasn’t changed.”
“That was a long time ago.” Lorne said. “I did have a lot of subscribers though.”
“Over a million if I recall. Why’d you stop?”
“I started working as a bank teller to have some regular income and then I got promoted and I just didn’t have time anymore.”
“Lorne Carter wouldn’t work for any bank.” She said. “Come off it. Why are you looking for Bastiaan? Are you still doing investigations? Am I being filmed right now?”
“No,” Lorne said, “I don’t do that anymore.” He looked at her for a moment. “If you recognized me right away, why didn’t you say something?”
“I wanted to see how much money you’d cough up.” She said. “And judging from that, I’d say you were financing this investigation yourself.” She shook her head. “You look disappointed that I sniffed-out your utter and complete bullshit. I’m not mad, I’m just sorry I won’t be in one of your videos. The world is much stranger than it appears.”
Lorne rubbed his face and looked at her. “Okay, you got me. I don’t work for a bank. I’m trying to find your husband —you wanna help?”
“Not really.” She said. “But how much would you give me for a solid lead?”
“I could go up to 30 thousand if it’s good information.”
“Thirty? Wow, so it must be one of the authorities looking for him.” She shook her head. “I guess he had good reason to be nervous.”
“We have a deal?”
“Fuck no.” She said. “Get the fuck outta here you vampire. Go suck somewhere else.”
Lorne sighed and stood up. “Usually exes are a good source of information. You can’t blame me for trying. I’m posting my contact code on your system…”
“I don’t want it…”
“Well it’s there.” Lorne said. He slipped his s-screen into his pocket. “If you feel like talking, I’m available.” He started to walk toward the door, then stopped and looked back at her. “Just so you know, I don’t think he’s in any physical danger.”
“Get the fuck out.” She said.



6
The fossil looked like he was in his mid-forties, but if someone had told the freak that he was over sixty, she wouldn’t have been surprised. Their lunch meeting did not go at all the way she imagined it. The fossil had immediately taken the VR script she’d brought and started poring over it, ignoring her almost completely. He wouldn’t have even ordered any food if the freak hadn’t suggested that their waiter might get annoyed if they didn’t. He ordered linguini but it sat next to the open script untouched. She ate her vegan lasagna and sipped iced tea and watched him read.
When he finally looked up from her work, he said he wanted to produce it. He proposed a 50/50 split which immediately made the freak suspicious. She’d dreamed of having one of her Realities produced for a long time, and she’d done a ton of research. New writers were often paid a flat fee, which would be fine if the Reality did okay, but if it was a breakout success you could wind up like Susan Russell, who’d written The Militant Molecule and received half a million dollars while the company that had bought it had made billions. The other option was to be paid some kind of token fee and get a percentage of the profits, which could be bad for the writer if the Reality was unsuccessful. The freak was willing to accept either kind of deal; she just wanted her work to be produced. In fact, the only kind of offer she would balk at was the kind she got, the kind that looked too good to be true.
Why would she, a brand new writer, get a 50/50 deal from the same company that had made Ricki’s Dream Kitchen and The Hothouse Mice? The fossil ripped the title page off the freak’s script and wrote the contract by hand on the back. He signed and dated the paper and slid it across the table to her.
The freak picked it up and looked at it. There were three sentences on the page:

The freak will work with Collected Time on a new Reality based on her as-yet untitled manuscript. Any profits made from this Reality will be evenly split between Collected Time and the freak forever and in perpetuity always etc. The freak is free to dissolve this partnership anytime she wishes and for any reason, at which point Collected Time will forfeit any unproduced or partially produced material and all rights will revert to the author.

“I’ll get the waiter over here to witness.” The fossil said.
“But this is…” The freak looked for the right words. “You just wrote this off the top of your head!”
“It’s perfectly legal if we get a witness.” He said.
The freak read the document again, looking for some lawyer trick that wasn’t there. “I just met you.” She said. “You’re offering me a 50/50 partnership?”
“I don’t believe in fucking over the author.” He said. “Besides, if this work is as good in the system as it is on the page, there’ll be plenty of money to go around.”
“I… No offense or anything, but you could be a lunatic for all I know. This could all be a scam.”
He laughed. “I guess if that turns out to be the case you can dissolve the partnership and walk. You have the right to do that —it’s all there in black and white.” He finally got the waiter’s attention and called him over. The freak reread the ‘contract’ while he explained what was going on.
She steadied herself and then signed and dated the document.
The waiter did too.
“This calls for a celebration.” The waiter said. “Can I bring over a bottle of Champaign?”
The fossil looked at the freak.
“No, I’m okay.” She said. “I’ve still got some iced tea left.”
The waiter sighed and walked away.

When she told her counselors at the Re-Life Center that she had a job constructing a new Reality, they assumed she was having a psychotic episode. She had to slow down and explain where she had met the fossil and that his company was real. Poetry was one thing, but they seemed suspicious about her writing something that could actually be used as a commercial product. A crazy person writing poetry fit in with certain romantic ideas about artists and genius and all that, but if she were to actually make some real money, they would have to reevaluate their place in the world relative to the Re-Life Center residents in their care.
But there were no rules against it, so the freak packed herself a lunch and went off to work at the Collected Time headquarters which was in the warehouse district not far from the docks. The nearest light rail stop was a long hike from the windowless cinderblock building. Other than a stainless steel ‘CT’ above the door, and a small security camera that looked at least 20 years old, the building was unadorned.
The freak rang the buzzer and heard the lock click. She entered a reception area that looked hastily thrown together. There were three drywall partitions but the room had no ceiling. The corrugated metal roof of the warehouse was at least two-stories above the top of the room’s walls. The furniture was cheap —a desk and a couple of chairs, arranged on a faux-oriental rug on the cement floor. There was a large potted plant in the corner that still had the watering instructions and price tag stuck into the dirt. None of it seemed to bode well for the freak and her career prospects.
Behind the desk, a woman in her mid thirties greeted the freak with a smile. She told her that the fossil was waiting for her in his office. The receptionist pointed down a narrow hall to her left. A sudden wave of fear hit the freak, and for a moment she was sure it was all a trap. She thought that if she went down that hall she’d never come back. She forced herself to go anyway.
There were two doors at the end of the hall but they weren’t marked. She went back and asked the receptionist which door was the fossil’s office, but the receptionist said she didn’t know because it was her first day —another bad sign. The freak went back down the hall and knocked on a door, but the fossil opened the other one.
He greeted her with an awkward hug and told her that he’d already shared one of her scenes with his programmers, and that they were already building it. He worked in a large, clean space that was directly under a powerful overhead light, high up on the ceiling. The intense light shone down on everything like the sun. There were multiple overlapping rugs on the floor, three couches, and two coffee tables arranged in a kind of living room on the far side of the space. Across from the couches was a wallscreen, a well-stocked bookshelf, and an impressive array of speakers. There was a small kitchenette and a workroom in the corner, and an area partitioned off with a curtain. The freak immediately knew that the fossil lived there, and that his bed was behind that curtain.
He gave her a brief tour of the building, which concluded at two high-end 5th gen VR spaces. She tapped awake an m-screen on the door of one of the spaces, and found the largest collection of Realities she’d ever seen. The Collected Time corporation had every English language 5th gen Reality ever made, and hundreds and hundreds of foreign ones, mostly Korean and Chinese. The freak looked at the list of titles and started to salivate. “Can I play these? I’ve always wanted to go into a Billy Joo-Wan Reality.” 
“Sure,” he said, “but we’re not writing for the 5th gen system anymore.”
“6th gen? But those are just a rumor…”
“They won’t be for long.” He said.
“Have you been in one?”
 “They get them to developers early.” He said.
“You have a 6th gen space here?”
“Yes,” he said, “but there are only two Realities that work on it and they both kind of suck.”
“I don’t care.” She said. “I want in.”

The freak spent her first day in the 6th gen space, in the two demo Realities provided to developers. After that, she spent the next two weeks in one of the 5th gen spaces, exploring, making discoveries, and finding out what she loved and hated in all the different Realities. She’d never had the luxury of unlimited time in VR, and she took full advantage of the opportunity. The fossil didn’t seem to mind, and always assured her that his programmers were busy trying to actualize her script, and that whenever she was ready, she could get in there and start tinkering or rebuilding what they’d done.
When she stayed late, the fossil would pay for a public car to take her back to the Re-Life Center. Her counselors were becoming increasingly worried about her, and they seemed to think that the fossil was exploiting her somehow, which got the freak thinking. He was a single man and she was a single woman, and sure there was an age difference, but he hadn’t so much as let his eye wander over her body since they’d been working together. She thought it was probably due to a professional code of ethics. He was from a different generation, and he most likely held some old-fashioned ideas about sex in the workplace from the turn of the century. She thought it might be time to update his thinking.
“Where are the porno Realities?” She asked one fine day.
The fossil’s face reddened a bit but he didn’t change his expression. “I keep them separate. They’re on a different screen.”
“Well if we’re going to create a truly revolutionary Reality for the 6th gen system, I need to incorporate some major erotic elements.” She said with a smile. “I’ve never had my own space. I’ve never gotten off in VR and I need to experience that if our Reality is going to have an actual psychological impact on people.”
He went to his office and came back with an m-screen opened to a list of titles. “It’s not as comprehensive as our main library,” he said, “but it’s got a good cross-section.”
“Your personal stash?” She teased.
“Some of these I did get for personal reasons.” He admitted. “But mostly they were bought to bolster institutional knowledge.”
“Sure.” She said.
“You might find the evolutionary feedback variety interesting. They constantly monitor the quality and level of arousal and change parameters to continually maximize pleasure. Wastrel is particularly good, and Harsh Miss. It skates the line between terror and arousal in an interesting way. That Reality has a pretty innovative pain-tolerance algorithm too. It pushes the user just a fraction past their limit. There are also the POV Realities, like Backwardz XXX, which simply flips your gender and puts you into highly charged erotic situations from youth and early sexual development. Also in the POV vein are the beasty-Realities where you can fuck or be fucked by any type of animal you choose —or fuck as any animal. There’s a dolphin one that’s pretty cool, and of course Doggie Stylee is the undisputed champion of animal-fuck Realities. Insect Intersections is the weirdest, but it’s really just a curiosity. There are customizable Realities where you input video of real people and it simulates them for you. Anyone At All 2 is the best example, although Your Place is cool because it lets you customize the situation and environment. There are some darker programs in there that involve rape and murder, but I haven’t tested them so I can’t tell you what they’re like. There’s one called Empower that was designed by a team of PTSD specialists to help patients get over sexual trauma, but once it was released it got adopted by people with rape fantasies. I’ll leave you alone. Feel free to do whatever you want.”



7
Looking over the information he had, Lorne kept stopping at the name of a company Bastiaan van Dijk had worked for in the twenties: Creative Constructs. It was familiar as one of the early producers of VR, but Lorne thought there was some other reason why he recognized the name. After leaving Debra Esner’s village, Lorne didn’t feel like being alone. He stopped off at the bar connected to the lobby of his hotel and drank three 16 ounce glasses of lager in quick succession. By the time he got up to his room, his buzz had turned into a dull headache. He went straight to the shower.
He made the water hot enough to hurt and tried to think about Creative Constructs. But his mind kept going back to Debra Esner and her hostility toward him. She’d been a fan of his YouTube channel and now she thought he was a vampire. Lorne laughed at himself for feeling guilty. He’d stopped making videos a long time ago, and there was no way she could downvote, unsubscribe, or shit-talk him in the comments.
He tried to picture the Creative Constructs logo —it was two dark gray Cs on a blue square. The company had made the Willy Races kids-game and some military programs and… Miami Nights. “HA!” Lorne shouted. He remembered why the company’s name had seemed familiar. He turned off the water and grabbed a towel.
He was annoyed with himself for not having remembered right away —he’d made a video about them. He sat on the edge of the bed wrapped in a towel and looked at his s-screen. The YouTube Historical Society let you see YouTube as it stood on any date since its launch. He knew his Creative Constructs video would have been late in his run, so he entered August 1st, 2024. He scrolled through the videos on his old channel until he found the one labeled: Paranormal Investigation 237 — Virtual Worlds or Glimpses into Another Dimension?
Not wanting to hear his own voice, Lorne clicked the ‘download transcript’ button.
//::Paranormal Investigations is written and produced by Lorne M. Carter. All images and video clips are used for educational purposes and thus fall under the ‘Fair Use’ category of copyright law. If you are the rightful owner of any of the material used in this video, and you would like it removed, please contact me directly at alias1447@outlook.com::\\
What is the nature of reality? Is it possible that what we experience as the real world is just an artificial creation, made for purposes we don’t understand? The rapid proliferation of VR, and the popularity of The True Message of Sarah Mann, have brought that question into the mainstream. And if it’s true that we’re living in just one of many worlds, could there be paths that lead from one world to another? Some people claim to have travelled such paths, and in this video, we’ll look closely at some of those claims. This is Paranormal Investigations.
{[inst.music] duration: 00:27.42}
I’ve made videos about people meeting deceased loved ones in VR, and about the idea that certain Realities give glimpses into the future, but today’s video is different. It centers around one of the pioneers of this new technology, a now-defunct company called Creative Constructs. The mystery surrounding this company has led many to question whether its primary purpose was the production of VR at all.
Most media companies are eager to get their founders and staff in front of cameras. Creative Constructs, on the other hand, was a company whose employees were almost entirely invisible. No one who worked on any of the company’s popular programs has ever been interviewed or even photographed as far as I can tell. And if the invisible staff weren’t strange enough, there is also the mystery of one particular Reality that the company put out.
Miami Nights was one of the most popular 2nd gen Realities ever made, and many users reported strange encounters and unexplained occurrences within it. The setting was a club complex called Valhalla in South Beach. This complex consisted of three nightclubs, an Irish pub, a gay bathhouse, and a Marriott Hotel. When you first entered the Reality, you were in a car with two people who were slightly different every time. The pair acted as guides and sometimes guardians. They got the user past security and helped to procure fully functional sexual partners and virtual drugs which altered your visual and auditory perceptions within the Reality.
Not long after its release, a YouTuber named Sampsons_Lox posted a video showing some of the strange things he’d encountered in Miami Nights. Although the video has since been removed, it was ripped and shared widely on conspiracy and gaming forums. The video showed certain inexplicable differences between the world of the Reality and our world.
One of those differences was that within Miami Nights, the sky was red. As the title suggests, Miami Nights was set exclusively at nighttime, but Sampsons_Lox showed that all pictures of daytime within the Reality featured a bright red sky. He could not find any images of a blue sky within the confines of the Reality, and the characters all seemed confused when he asked them about it. To them, a red sky was as normal as a blue sky is to us.
You might think that this was just an Easter egg in the Reality, put there for the amusement of the programmers, but if that’s the case, they went to a surprising amount of trouble. When the Reality was first released, there was a business center in the Marriott that had a public computer with access to the internet. Other ways to access the internet within the Reality had been removed. After the first update, the business center computer was also blocked from going online.
But Sampsons_Lox had already recorded himself doing a Google image search where all the outdoor photographs showed a red sky. He even looked up the lyrics to Louis Armstrong’s What a Wonderful World and the second verse was shown as beginning with the line ‘I see skies of red.’
But the color of the sky wasn’t the only major difference. The video also showed internet searches that brought up an alternate version of recent history. In the world of Miami Nights, the Tiananmen Square uprising was unsuccessful and the Chinese government remained under communist control. Also, there were no references to the Atlanta bombing of 2003, and Donald Trump was shown to have won the 2016 presidential election.
Miami Nights was promoted as a sexy romp through the South Beach nightclub scene, so why would they place an alternate history on the internet within the Reality? What possible purpose could it serve? If they were trying to set up a broader mythology that would, over time, expose a hidden layer of gameplay, why did the first update cut off all possible access to this information? Why was it treated like a mistake?
Many viewers of the Sampsons_Lox video have pointed out that The True Message of Sarah Mann could provide an explanation. Some have suggested that the makers of Miami Nights placed these elements in their Reality in order to inspire rumors of a connection to the Mannish movement as an oblique marketing strategy. Others have speculated that Creative Constructs set Miami Nights in a world-simulation that they were already running.
Even after access to the internet within Miami Nights was eliminated, there were still reports of strange occurrences. On the Mannish movement forum at backchan.nl, a user named BadBoyBubby claimed to have had a phone conversation with an alternate version of himself. Inspired by the Sampsons_Lox video, he went into the Reality, stole a cellphone, and called his own number. He claims to have spoken to himself. He said the person’s memories were only slightly different than his own, and the exchange had deeply disturbed the alternate version of himself. When he tried to repeat the experiment while recording his session, he found that he could not get a cell signal anywhere within the Valhalla complex.
The idea that there was something strange about the Miami Nights Reality, and that it was somehow connected to The True Message of Sarah Mann, was given a boost last month when Creative Constructs was sold under a cloud of scandal. The trouble stemmed from a California state tax investigation that found that most of the programmers and other employees listed in the company’s accounts simply did not exist. The finding sparked an investigation by the Labor Bureau into why Creative Constructs had an army of paper employees.
While government agencies searched for something they could use to generate criminal charges, the tech community wondered who had done all the work. Tech firms often farm out programming gruntwork to places like Indonesia and Bangladesh, but development and design had always been done in-house.
Those who already believed that Miami Nights was a portal into an ongoing world-simulation pointed out that such simulations could also contain the company’s employees. The benefits of this arrangement would be huge. Once the virtual workforce was set up, the company would have an unlimited budget because they’d be paying their workers in virtual money. This would give them a massive advantage over companies that were stuck in our real-world economy.
There were never any criminal charges brought against Creative Constructs. The tax bill was settled, and the company was sold to a Japanese media conglomerate shortly thereafter. 
Very little is known about the real people who ran Creative Constructs. Was this company simply a fraudulent enterprise, trying to run some sort of tax dodge? Or was the creative bookkeeping hiding the fact that they had not produced their Realities but simply harvested them from an artificial world? The answer might provide evidence that the Mannish movement has correctly assessed our place in the cosmic order. Whatever the answer, it’s certainly more evidence that the world is far stranger than it appears.
{[inst.music] duration: 00:16.39}
Lorne searched in vain for old articles about the company, but they’d been lost or scrubbed. He decided to go back to Investigation 101 and cross-check names associated with Bastiaan van Dijk against consumer databases in the 14 major metropolitan areas of the contiguous United States. While his screen did its work, he got dressed and headed back down to the hotel bar. He knew that the only thing that could cure his headache was more beer.



8
Writing fiction is almost as exhausting as writing memoir doc. I’ve got all the elements of an epic romance, or at least an erotic novella, but today I can’t be bothered to shape it into the delicious bon-bon of purple prose I know it could be. My memory is disjointed and out of order, so why should my story be any different? In this episode of The Freak and the Fossil, I give you five vignettes of a growing sexual and romantic attachment. They appear in no particular order.

1. The Cactus Garden
The freak became more interested in the fossil as their work together continued. She spent all day with him, week after week, and she was amazed that he never had any phone calls from friends or family. He seemed to be a singular individual with no connection to the outside world. This was a state to which the freak aspired. His ascetic lifestyle seemed Zen-like, but it wasn’t spiritual, he was just hyper-focused on his work.
One rare distraction was the receptionist who would come in every morning at nine and ask the fossil what he wanted her to do that day. The freak could see that the fossil was always agitated by this, and that he gave the woman pointless make-work to do. One day, the freak asked him about it. “It’s true,” he confessed, visibly relaxing as if being relieved of a heavy burden. “I rack my brain every morning to think up tasks for her to do. It’s the hardest part of my job. The truth is, I don’t need her at all! It’s becoming intolerable!”
“Why did you hire her?” The freak asked.
He sighed. “I guess there’s no point in lying.” He said. “I got her for you. I knew you were going to start working here, and I thought it would look very suspicious, me in this big warehouse all by myself. I thought having a secretary would make me look more legit…”
“You could’ve just explained that your staff is entirely made up of digital slaves.” The freak said. “Nothing creepy about that.”
“I thought you’d feel better if there was another woman in the building.” He said. “But there’s really nothing for her to do! I don’t get any calls and all my banking and royalties are handled by my system. Every day I dread the sight of her coming through that door to ask what she has to do. More than once I’ve had to make something up on the spot!”
“Why not tell her?” The freak asked. “I mean, it’s kind of a dream come true isn’t it? A job where you don’t have to do any work? Tell her she’s free to come in and read a book, or not come in at all if she doesn’t want to.”
“No, I can’t.” He said. “She already thinks I’m eccentric. I have to maintain my position of authority even if it doesn’t suit me.”
From then on, the freak watched the fossil’s interactions with his employee as a kind of comedy of manners. She looked forward to his nervous, chattering instructions to the poor woman. One day, a few months in, the receptionist was not at her desk and the freak asked the fossil if she’d called in sick.
“No, I had to fire her.” He said.
“Really? Why?”
“She watered my cactuses.” He shook his head. “She just took it upon herself to water them. And worst of all, she used tap water.”
 “If you wanted to fire her, you should’ve just done it. You didn’t have to make up some pretense about cactuses.”
“It’s no pretense.” He said. “I’ve been experimenting with PH levels and water intake with various types of blooming cacti for years. With one careless act, she voided more than a year’s worth of data.”
“I’ve never seen even one cactus in here.” She said.
“I keep them up on top of the server room. The heat from all those servers is good for them and they’re closer to the light.” He gestured up toward the huge silver metal halide light that hummed continuously above them.
“Can I see?”
“Sure.” He said. He led her around to a narrow back passageway where she’d never been before. There was a ladder propped up against the wall, and he began to climb. It was about 25 feet to the roof of the server room, which took up a third of the space in the Collected Time headquarters. She waited until he’d reached the top, and then she went up after him.
When she got up there, it took a moment for her brain to catch up with what her eyes were seeing. There were Prickly Pears, Saguaro and Barrel cactuses, rows and rows of Aloe Vera, Ocotillo, and Teddy Bear Chollas. There were Yuccas in huge planters, Agave, Organ Pipe, and Hedge Hog cactuses, and all of them seemed to be in some stage of bloom. There were bright red and pale pink flowers, and white and yellow and blue —all open and ready for bumble bees or other insects that would never come. There were Joshua Trees up there, and Pincushion Cactuses, and Cardon Grandes, and Argentine Giants.
Between the various planters were narrow paths, and the fossil led the freak around to visit all his spiny children. They had to duck down to go through some Ocotillo that had grown so large on either side of the path that it met in the middle and formed a tunnel of tendrils. The fossil reached back and took the freak’s hand as she ducked through. His hand was warm and dry and strong. When they got to the other side, they stood among a small field of Pincushions with a thousand little pink flowers looking up at them.
The fossil tried to let go of the freak’s hand but she wouldn’t let him. She pulled him close and kissed him full on the mouth. She wrapped his arm around her and pressed her body against his. “I might not be much to look at,” she whispered, “but I can make you happy.”
He seemed to consider it for a moment and then put his other arm around her and kissed her some more.

2. Cat and Mouse
After the freak was given full access to the fuck-Realities in the Collected Time library, she found that the best orgasmic episodes came after the slowest possible erotic buildup. She found that certain situations in the programs could be stimulating without being overtly sexual. Size and power differentials were of particular interest. She enjoyed Cartoon Tyme, a program where you were a mouse living in the wall of a kitchen and you were supposed to run out and get some cheese, but there was a big evil cat on the prowl, and when he caught you he would hold you down with giant paws and fuck you. Running along the kitchen floor with the possibility of the big-dick tomcat pouncing on you at any moment was exciting, more exciting than the actual event when it happened. It was a simple run through a virtual environment, but it was charged with a delicious tension. She started to think about how she could do that within her own Reality, she wanted to toy with the user’s expectations.
“I have to change the airport lounge in my Reality.” She told the fossil one day.
“I think it’s pretty good.” He said.
“Yeah, but being objectified and belittled by the customers is pretty mundane. I’m thinking the customers should be sympathetic or indifferent. The threat should come from the power structure. Not the boss, but the boss’s goon of a son. You can’t leave the airport until you make the money, but you can’t make the money until you debase yourself for the manager, who also happens to be the boss’s son. Let’s call him Eric.”
“Or Erica depending on the user’s sexuality profile.”
“Sure.” She said. “The boss’s goony daughter —that’s even more threatening. But it doesn’t have to be overtly sexual. I’m thinking the user should be made to clean out a garbage area, but told to take off their uniform first. It’s company property so it can’t get dirty. The garbage area should be constructed so that it’s impossible to clean without getting filthy. Their naked, or half-naked body, will be covered in grime, and then when they go back into the lounge, the customers should react to the smell and complain about it.”
“Look at you,” he said, “you’re delighted by the idea of this torture.”
“The user has to know that Eric-slash-Erica is getting off on seeing them humiliated. We don’t have to change the architecture other than to add a slimy disgusting garbage area. All we really have to alter is the behavior of the customers… And we’ll have to design a boss’s son or daughter.”
“I’ll tell my character team. They should have something for you to look at by tomorrow afternoon.”
“It’s amazing how fast they work.” She said. “You really think they can turn around a character design in a day and a half?”
“Sure.”
“Can’t you whip me up an avatar so I can go in there and thank them in person? I know you don’t think of them as real people, but they’ve been working their asses off to make my every whim into a Reality. I should thank them. At least the ones working on character design.”
“Sorry, but it’s impossible.” He said. “They’re quick because their world moves three times faster than ours. By tomorrow evening, a week will have gone by for them.”
“Are you serious?” The freak asked.
“If you went in there, it would be a very weird experience.” He said.
“How many actual, living, breathing employees does Collected Time have?”
“Just you and me.” He said. “You can still thank them, but it’ll have to be by text or something.”
“Is it ethical? I mean they have no idea they’re in a simulation?”
“Some of them are adherents of the Mannish movement.” He said. “So I guess they know on some level. Of course that’s different from actually knowing that your life is essentially nothing.”
“They had a Serena Michaels in there?” She asked.
“Their world’s start-point was in the 20s.” He said. “Serena Michaels was already dead, but their culture is pretty closely modeled on ours.”
“Are they well-paid in there?” The freak asked.
“Oh yes.” He said. “They’re all wealthy and successful with plenty of time off.”
“So you’re a benevolent god.”
The fossil smiled. “I like to think of it like that sometimes.”
“So Collected Time is just you and me?” She asked.
“For the moment, yes.” He said.
“Do you ever think of me as another one of your digital underlings?”
“No, not at all.” He said. “We exist on the same plane.”
“Aren’t you tempted to toy with the parameters of our working relationship to try to optimize productivity?”
“What do you mean?” He asked.
“I’m not a programmer.” She said. “I’m on the creative side. I might need something different from my employer than one of your code jockeys.”
“Like what?”
“Well, for example, maybe I’d do my best work if I was fucking my boss.” The freak said.
The fossil lifted an eyebrow and considered it. “A sexual relationship can bring a level of security that is conducive to risk-taking and the pursuit of ideas that would otherwise be considered too weird to mention.”
“The best Realities are always the weirdest Realities.” The freak said. “If I got completely naked and laid on your couch, would you have some sort of biological reaction?”
“I couldn’t help it.” He said. “I’m old, but I’m not dead yet.”
The freak smiled and began to take off her clothes.

3. Potato Bugz
“Yesterday, after we kissed in your cactus garden, I wrote a poem about you.” The freak said.
“I’m flattered, can I read it?”
“No,” she said, “you’re much too cold to be a beta reader. I want my work to have an emotional impact, for that you need to have emotions.”
“I have emotions.” He said.
“Of course you do, but you don’t show them in any way. You’re not a neurotypical human being, you’re aware of that aren’t you?”
“The only way I’ve ever achieved anything is by completely ignoring my emotions.” He said. “If I gave in to every emotion I felt, I probably would’ve killed myself a long time ago.”
“Well that’s cheery.” She said. “I don’t want to show you my poem, I just wanted to tell you that I wrote it. Now where are we with the scent in tropical clock?”
“I think it’s hibiscus you want. I had them add a touch —it should be noticeable.”
“Good, because an untamed island in the Pacific shouldn’t smell like plastic.”
They went through their work, refining the ‘tropical clock’ section of the freak’s Reality, and worked late into the night.
When the public car came to pick her up, she slipped a folded note under the door before she left:

Potato Bugz
Potato bugz, potato bugz,
I cannot relate.
My mind shows signs of pixilation

every time I see your face.

Your thorax, your joints, your terminal stare,
do not prove your existence.

I break my bones in joy—

I break my bones in honor of you
kind sir,
in honor of you.

Potato bugz, potato bugz,
curled up in the blood-red heat.
Inside out, as I prepare
to fix my wing with Scotch tape.

I tried to climb your walls again—

did you hear a little scratching sound?

Could you even recognize the sound of failure?

4. Living Situation
The freak had been allowed behind the curtain into the fossil’s bedroom, and when she was not working, she spent most of her time back there trying to bring out the inner beast in a man who was almost inextricably wound up inside his own head.
It was fun.
But her counselors and caseworkers at the Re-Life Center were concerned. Staying out all night was a violation of the rules, and for each night spent elsewhere, a resident was obliged to spend a day in quiet reflection. Basically the rule was for the druggies, so that if they went on a bender they’d have to dry out for awhile. But the freak wasn’t a druggie, and spending an entire day in ‘quiet reflection’ would’ve meant losing a day’s work, and her Reality was beginning to take shape. She often stayed out all night, but she never did the requisite day of penance. So it was no surprise when she was officially informed that her status at the center was up for review.
“You think this Reality is gonna make some money?” She asked the fossil one evening.
“Yeah, it’ll make a mint.” He said. “Why?”
“I need an advance.” She said. “I’m being kicked out of my place.”
He frowned at the floor for a moment, then looked up at her. “It might be perfect timing.” He said. “We have to test your Reality. There’s a place that has two dozen 6th gen systems up in Los Angeles. We’d have to go up there anyway, we might as well get an apartment.”
“Together?”
“Yeah,” he said. “I mean, if you’d rather get your own place that’s fine. I just thought it might be fun to live together for awhile.”
The freak punched him in the shoulder. “Why don’t you just admit that you’re in love with me you fag.”
The fossil rubbed his arm where she’d hit it. “You’re technically female.” He said.
The freak went back to the Re-Life Center one last time, to pack her shit. Her primary caseworker seemed to have anticipated this, and came to try to talk her out of it. “Doesn’t this situation seem familiar?” She asked.
The freak was taken aback by that particular line of questioning. “Why? What do you mean?”
“Your work is being recognized, which leads you to leave the safety of your low-status life for the glamorous world beyond.” The woman blinked twice for effect, a strange habit she had. “It’s just like what happened to you when you won the Jimenez Young Writers prize.”
“No it’s not.” The freak said. “This is an opportunity to do exactly what I’ve always wanted to do. The Jimenez prize was just the first ticket out of town.”
“Look at the reality of your situation. You’re in a sexual relationship with a much older man who’s promising you the world. What’s the more likely scenario, that your true love just happens to be in a position to make your dreams come true? Or that an older man is telling you what you want to hear so that he can have his way with you?”
The freak had to laugh. “Yep, you’ve got him nailed alright.” She said. “He’s a real wolf. He took one look and just had to have me. He started a whole VR company just so he could rub belly-buttons with me.”
“You know there’s a waiting list to get in here.” The faux-blinker said. “If something happens out there, like if you have another psychotic break with reality, you won’t be able to get back in.”
The freak zipped up her bag. “You’ve been a real help,” she said, “but I’m all better now.” As she walked out the door, she felt a rush of complete freedom. It was a new feeling and the freak liked it.

5. Fuckhaven California, Population 2
The publicist was mildly perplexed by the freak. He kept following her around the Koreatown loft that she and the fossil had moved into, examining her like an ancient text he was trying to decipher. “There’s something cool about you.” He said when she asked him why he was staring. “But I just can’t put my finger on it yet.”
The freak and the fossil’s still untitled Reality was being tested at Rabbits Galore, a warehouse full of 6th gen systems down in Venice. The bugs had mostly been worked out by then. It was December and they’d decided on a spring launch which meant it was time to plan a marketing push. The fossil had hired a publicity firm he’d worked with before, and they’d sent over a publicist named Xavier.
“Launching a new Reality is like opening a restaurant or a nightclub.” He said. “You’re creating a place that people will want to visit. What we need are some influencers to spread rumors about it. Maybe we can get the Mormon commonwealth to ban it. Let’s open the second round of testing to the public, invitation-only at first, until people are clamoring for tickets. By the time March comes around and we release it wide, it should already be a known thing, a desired thing.”
“Right, but nobody has a 6th gen system.” The freak pointed out. “How many can we really expect to sell?”
“A lot can happen in four months.” Xavier said. “The Arcadia Corporation just put in a huge order, they’ll have 6th gens in about half of their locations by then. It’s true they won’t be in homes, but we can make a lot of money with the exhibition-attraction model. That’s the way this business is headed anyway.”
Their loft apartment was above a shoe store, and it was designed originally as a textile shop. It was accessible by some rickety stairs or by an old elevator with iron gates. It had cinderblock walls and a huge front-facing window that looked out on a busy commercial street.
The back of the space had been covered in cheap Chinese drywall, which the fossil had torn down, revealing timber beams and red brick underneath. The ceiling was very high with exposed duct work. For the first month, the freak and the fossil slept in a tent pitched in the middle of the space on a thick rug they’d brought with them from San Diego. This kept them out of the way of the workers who were constructing their bedroom and putting in the elaborate bathroom and kitchen.
The process of fixing up their place taught the freak about the fossil’s strange attitude toward money. He had a ton of it and he didn’t seem to care how much he spent. He had Brazilian walnut flooring installed over a woven bamboo base which made it feel soft and pliable. He had thick blue Gorilla Glass tiles installed in the kitchen, on the counters as well as the floor, and a huge blackout curtain on the window that could be called on to close or open from anywhere in the loft. When closed, it cast the whole apartment into complete darkness, at least until the lighting system had been installed.
That was where the fossil really seemed to lose his mind. Every little nook that could possibly hide a light, did. And not just any light, full palette programmable swarm lights. He put them on a 24 hour cycle. They slowly shifted as the day went on, but they could also react to how much natural light was in the room at any given time. If it was cloudy, the intensity would increase slightly and if it was sunny, you’d hardly notice the lighting. The fossil favored soft neutral light, with a few warm amber accents here and there.
He became so obsessed with the project that he even missed meetings about their Reality so he could fix some lighting transition he was toying with. He also installed a home theater with a state-of-the-art sound system, and hung a giant screen on one of the cinderblock walls, so that the freak could enjoy the classic TV shows and films she loved in the best possible circumstances.
“I think it’s the fact that you’re only ever half-present in any situation.” Xavier the publicist said to the freak. “So you’re like semi-detached all the time. I know it’s probably because you’re a writer, but it makes you seem a little aloof, which is a cool trait to have. We need to figure out a style for you that plays that up.”
The publicist’s strategy was to make the freak and the fossil the toast of Hollywood, to get them invited to parties and premieres and make them a creative ‘it’ couple. The fact that there was a near thirty-year age difference between them made it easier, according to Xavier. “It lends you two a certain perversity that puts people at ease.” He said. “You should call him daddy in public a few times. It will really make people wonder.”
“Eww. No.” The freak said.
Xavier took her to a stylist who gave her an asymmetrical haircut that came down over one of her eyes. She was used to wearing clothes that hid her body, but the fashion consultant said that whatever her most embarrassing feature was, she should emphasize and exaggerate it. The freak admitted that she was embarrassed by the size of her hips, and the consultant laughed.
“Big hips are a blessing.” She said. “They bring you closer to the Kibelian ideal of a Greek fertility goddess.” She pulled tight pants and tight skirts off the rack, some of which were short, prompting her to suggest that the freak might want to shave her legs. “Or do you want to go full yeti? We could dye your leg hair jet black, so it shows up more against your skin.”
The freak thought for a moment. “I like that idea, but you’ll have to do my armpit hair too.” She said. “And… Um…”
“Yeah, we can dye your pussy hair.” The fashion consultant said. “Don’t worry, our color specialist absolutely adores vaginas.”
And so the freak felt born anew as a yeti fertility-goddess. The fossil was delighted when she came home in a short, skin-tight blue dress, with her new haircut, and more pronounced body hair. “You’re quite a sight.” He said. “What the hell are you doing here with me?”
“What do you mean?”
“You look like you could be at a fancy club or in any Hollywood party you wanted to get into.”
“You like it?” She asked.
He smiled. “Yeah,” he said, “I love it.”
She strutted over to where he sat on the couch and pushed him back. “I always suspected that you had a femme side.” She purred as she crawled on top of him. “You secretly know that your rightful place is underneath me. Tell me you love it.”
“Ahh, I love it!” He said.
“Tell me you’re my little bitch!”
“I’m your little bitch.” He said.
“Good.” She said, climbing off and taking a wide stance in front of him. “Because I’ve been running around Los Angeles all day spending your money,” she started to slowly hike up the hem of her dress, “and I’ve been sweating like a pig.” She was not wearing any underwear, and she lifted the dress up, revealing the black mass of her pussy curls. “I need you down here,” she said pointing, “to clean me up!”
The fossil smiled and got to work.
Over the weeks leading up to Christmas, they barely left their apartment. The new butch/femme dynamic they’d discovered had unleashed a sexual frenzy. They had two 5th gen systems installed specifically so they could play out their fantasies in Realities like Gender Swap and Red Marks IV. They forgot to analyze the data from the tests that were still going on in Venice. They were too busy getting busy.



9
Lorne had never gotten sick on a loop before, but when the pod slowed down as it approached Los Angeles, he lost it and threw up in one of the bags provided for just such an occurrence. The woman on his left was sympathetic, but the man on his right was openly annoyed and jumped up as soon as they came to a stop. He triggered an automatic voice that told him to remain seated until the ‘fasten seat belts’ sign went off. The man groaned and said something about the smell.
Lorne had found 12 names associated with Bastiaan van Dijk, and seven of them lived in Los Angeles. He didn’t mind having his s-screen fingerprinted because he had a heat-wrap for it. The medical and economic clearances provided by the Mannishians got him through the rest of the internal migration screening with ease. He had an outstanding warrant in Los Angeles from a 12-year-old gun charge, but luckily the Border Control agent didn’t mention it. Either their system didn’t go back that far, or the Baker Act had nullified the charge. As soon as he was let out of customs, he went to a handicapped bathroom and wrapped his screen. If they wanted to track him, they’d have to do it the old-fashioned way, with cameras.
As he walked through the train station, he started to feel a bit better. He bought himself a churro from a vendor and ate it while he studied a map of the Metro system on the wall. He got to the red-line platform just as a car pulled in. At the next stop, a guy in dirty clothes got on and sat next to him even though the car was almost empty.
As soon as the doors closed, he started to talk to the back of the seat in front of him. “You have to believe in god first. That’s the first step, the key that unlocks the door.” The train started to move and the man looked at Lorne, studying him. “I don’t want your money.” He said, proud that he’d read Lorne’s mind.
“That’s good.” Lorne said.
“Do you know why women bleed?”
“Are you going to tell me?”
“It’s the price of childbirth.” He said. “All real magic requires a blood sacrifice. No blood, no babies. You can call it science or biology or anything you want, but the only way to make something out of nothing is to spill some blood.”
“Hmm.” Lorne said. He wondered how angry the guy would be if he got up and moved seats.
“I know I smell bad.” The man said. “But smells are the truth, they don’t lie. Waves, you know like sound and light, they don’t always tell the truth.”
“I just got into town and I don’t feel much like talking.” Lorne said.
“There you go, sound-waves see?”
“No offense, but I’d just like to sit here quietly.”
“Not true!” The man shouted. Lorne saw a security guard in the next car look through the little window in the door. “I knew as soon as I came in that you didn’t want me to sit next to you. Know how I knew?” He tapped his nose. “I could smell it.” The car stopped and a large group of people got on. The deranged man scanned the crowd and then turned his attention back to Lorne. “You’re on a secret mission huh?”
Lorne stood up and moved past the man. He went down the aisle and sat a few rows back, next to a woman in a hotel uniform.
The man made a loud guttural sound of frustration that startled some passengers near him. Lorne watched as he shook his head, spat on the floor and started to laugh. “I don’t want any money!” The man shouted. He got up and moved down the aisle, staring at Lorne. “I don’t want your money!”
“Good!” Lorne shouted back. “Because I’m not trying to give you any!”
The security guard entered the car.
The man lunged. Lorne dodged his hands and accidentally head-butted the woman next to him. The man got ahold of Lorne’s shirt and tried to pull him off the seat, but the security guard was behind him, and took him in an arm-lock. The security guard shoved him to the ground and expertly got his arms behind his back and zip-tied his wrists. Lorne noticed that the woman next to him was getting a tissue out of her purse. Her nose was bleeding. “Oh shit, I’m sorry!” He said. She shook her head —she didn’t seem to speak English.
The train slowed as the security guard got the man to his feet. He looked back at Lorne and the woman. “You two, follow me.” He said.
“Do we have to get off the train?” Lorne asked.
“Follow!” He said. He pushed the man toward the door and spoke into his shoulder. “We have an incident with three actors at the McArthur Park stop. Requesting LAPD assistance.”
“Affirmative.” A voice responded.
“Hey, I don’t intend to press charges against the guy,” Lorne said as he followed, “can’t I stay on the train?”
“Sir, do you want to come willingly or do you want me to drag you off this train?”
“Alright, alright.” Lorne said.
The train stopped and the doors opened. Lorne and the woman, with the tissue pressed to her nose, followed the security guard out onto the platform.
The security guard sat the man on a bench and turned to the woman. “¿Necesita una ambulencia?” He asked her.
“No, no,” the woman said. “I’m okay.”
The security guard took out a flashlight and pointed it at the woman’s face, inspecting her nose. “It doesn’t look broken.” He said.
“I’m okay, I’m okay.” She said.
Two big women in Transit Police uniforms came onto the platform and approached them. “Should we call the medics?” One of them asked the security guard.
“She says no.”
“Did he do that?” She asked, nodding toward the zip-tied man on the bench.
“No, but he’s the disorderly rider. He caused a tussle and this other guy injured her by accident.”
“So who are we arresting?” The transit officer asked.
“This one.” The security guard said. He pulled the deranged man off the bench. “I’ve had some run-ins with him before. He’s probably gonna need another psych-eval.”
“We can’t give him one.” The first cop said, looking at an m-screen. “It says he’s got a Pfizer clearance.” She turned to the man. “Are you paid up on your psych meds sir?”
“Oh yes.” The man said. “It’s part of my data permissions contract. Everything I say and do is the property of Amazon. I’ve been giving them some good stuff lately!”
“You’ll still have to come with me sir.” She said. She took him by the arm and led him away toward the exit.
The other officer looked up from her screen at Lorne. “Your name isn’t coming up.” She said. “Why is that?”
“Esperanza Corrado.” The woman next to Lorne said.
“Sí lo sé.” The officer said to the woman. “Te puedes ir.” The cop turned to Lorne. “What’s your name?”
Lorne straightened up his posture. “There’s no reason for an officer of the state to demand information from a citizen who’s not suspected of a crime.” He said.
The security guard groaned.
The policewoman spoke again. “You’re part of an incident that might have a significant impact on that man’s life. We just need your name for the record. You probably won’t be contacted.”
“I’m not required to give you my name,” Lorne said.
The security guard got his Taser out and pointed it at Lorne, but the transit officer gave him a look that told him not to shoot. Lorne fought the urge to raise his hands.
“Did you know that it’s illegal to heat-wrap or in any other way disable a screen in this city?” The cop asked.
“I don’t carry any screens.” Lorne said. 
“I can see that you’ve got one in your pocket.” She said. “And since I get no signal, it must be wrapped.”
“You’re mistaken.” Lorne said. “Am I being detained?”
“Sir! You need to calm down!” The security guard yelled.
Lorne stood mute.
A train had pulled up behind him, and the people who got off looked curiously at the confrontation in progress on the platform. The woman Lorne had head-butted got on the train. The transit officer pulled something that looked like an oversized magic marker off her belt. She took the cap off and quickly reached out and marked the back of Lorne’s hand. He looked at the mark. It was silvery but faded quickly to a light gray. “What was that?” He asked.
She put the marker back on her belt. “It’ll wear off in a month or two.” She said. “You’re now emitting a signal. It’s a code that will be connected to the file for this incident. It’s a temporary measure until our facial recognition puts a name on you. This way, we’ll always be able to find you.”
“That’s a violation of my rights.” Lorne said.
“Calm down sir!” The security guard shouted. His Taser was still pointed at Lorne’s chest. “This is your final warning!”
Lorne didn’t say anything. He knew that if he opened his mouth the man would fire. He took two slow steps backward, then turned and walked onto the train car just before the doors closed behind him.



10
That winter, two things happened that made the freak wonder about the man she was living with. First, Collected Time put out a new Reality that she didn’t know anything about, and second, she found out that his name was an alias. She hadn’t gone looking for information, in both cases you could say she stumbled on it.
It was January, and the testing down in Venice had just gone public. Every morning, she would scan the VR sites to see if they’d mentioned her work, and one day she came across an article about a new 6th gen Reality called The Gnarling Nowhere. It sounded cool, but the freak almost threw up when she saw that the company that had released it was Collected Time.
She took a public car down to Rabbits Galore. The fossil was with Tony, the lead technician, going over the stats from the previous day in a back room. The freak slammed open the door and entered. “What the fuck is The Gnarling Nowhere?” She asked. “And how come I’ve never heard of it?”
The fossil furrowed his brow. “It’s one of my other Realities.” He said. “It’s been in the works for awhile.”
“Oh is that one of yours?” Tony asked. “A friend of mine told me it was great.”
“Ha!” The freak said.
“Listen Tony, I think we’re done here. We can follow up on this tomorrow.” The fossil said. He went over to the freak and put a hand on her arm.
“He doesn’t want an audience while he deals with the hysterical woman Tony.” The freak said.
Tony mumbled something conciliatory and turned back to his screens.
The fossil led the freak down the hall and out a side door. They stood in the parking lot and he looked at her for a moment before he spoke. “You knew I was developing other Realities.” He said finally.
“No, I didn’t.” She said. “I thought you were focused on ours.”
“I am.” He said. “Look what I was doing just now, I was going over bio-response sheets with a fine-tooth comb. I never did anything like that for Gnarling.”
“You told me Collected Time was just you and me, but that’s not true —I know because I just read about a new Collected Time Reality in the goddam trades!”
“The Gnarling Nowhere was in development before I ever met you.” He said. “It’s completely different than our Reality, it’s a multiplayer, open-world thing. And I pushed up its release date to January so it wouldn’t step on our release. I mean, who ever heard of launching a new product in January?”
“Well who wrote the script? Who designed the thing?”
“It’s by Harlan Canker.” The fossil said. “He did Ricki’s Dream Kitchen.”
“I know who Harlan Canker is.” She said. “How come you didn’t mention it? Did it slip your mind?”
“Like I said, it’s been in the works. It’s probably going to bring in a lot of money and I didn’t have to lift a finger to get it finished.”
“What do you mean?”
“It was created entirely by AI. It came out of my servers… I figured I might as well release it. It’s a good Reality.”
“When did you have time to meet with Harlan Canker?” The freak asked.
“He’s a neural network.” The fossil said.
The freak didn’t understand for a moment. “Are you saying that he doesn’t really exist?”
“Of course he exists!” The fossil said. “It’s just that from our perspective he exists in a bank of servers in San Diego. We can benefit financially from his work, but we can’t shake his hand.”
The freak started to pace back and forth. She wasn’t mad anymore, she was baffled. “You’re telling me that Ricki’s Dream Kitchen was written by one of your digital slaves?”
“If a person is 100 percent certain that they’re free, I don’t think you can call them a slave.”
“If their freedom is an illusion than you absolutely can call them a slave.”
“But it’s not an illusion!” The fossil said. “They do unexpected, undesirable things all the time! Harlan Canker could decide he doesn’t want to write anymore and I couldn’t stop him.”
“You’d just delete him.” She said.
The fossil sat on a low cinderblock wall. “No,” he said, “I’d run the time back to before he made the decision and keep changing the parameters until I got the desired result.”
“Face it, you’re a slave-owner.” She said. She kicked a bit of broken pavement then turned to the fossil. “But… How can a computer create something like Ricki’s Dream Kitchen? It’s so human…”
“The Harlan Canker neural network is based on real person. Back in the 20s we mapped out the neural networks of hundreds of thousands of people. Do you remember a company called Autonomous Mirror?”
“I wrote a paper on it when I was in eighth grade.” She said. “People got brain implants so they could interact with virtual versions of themselves? Wasn’t it all a big scam?”
“Yeah it was a scam, not because we couldn’t do what we said, but because the whole thing was really just a data mining operation. We never gave the customers real versions of themselves, they wouldn’t have wanted them anyway. We gave them versions that most satisfied their vanity, and we made it more and more obvious until some journalist called bullshit. By the time we folded the company, we had enough data about neural networks to last forever, and we didn’t have to spend a dime to get it. In fact, we charged people. Even after the lawsuits, we came out ahead. We can extrapolate two or three worlds worth of people from the data we have.”
“Who’s we?”
“I used to work with partners.” He said.
“But I was so jealous of Ricki’s Dream Kitchen. I wished I had made it… It seemed so potent and alive… In a way I guess you’re the author of that Reality.”
He shook his head. “I could never come up with something like that.” He said. “But over the years, I have honed my ability to get the best out of creative people. That’s probably why you and I get along so well.”
“So how do you get a digital chimera to produce a masterpiece?”
“That Reality was programmed from a very detailed script that took Harlan Canker three years to write. See, the previous four VR scripts he wrote were ignored in his world. He couldn’t get anyone to read them, let alone produce them. But he’s convinced of the value of his own work, so he decided to try to write something so goddamned good that it couldn’t be ignored. That’s Ricki’s Dream Kitchen.”
“So he has no idea that any of his Realities were ever produced?”
“No,” the fossil said, “he’s completely unknown in his world. That’s important. Once a certain kind of artist gets rewarded for their work, they see themselves as fully formed and stop experimenting. To get the best out of them, you have to ignore their output. Ricki’s Dream Kitchen was Harlan’s attempt to get the world’s attention, but when the world ignored it, he wrote The Gnarling Nowhere. It’s a more personal statement. He’s thinking ‘if nobody’s paying attention anyway, I might as well write something to amuse myself.’ Gnarling might be the last thing I get out of this iteration of Harlan Canker.”
“But why does he go on writing if nobody’s making his shit?”
“I don’t know, why do you?”
The freak scoffed. “My Reality just got produced!”
“Sure, but you wrote for years when nobody was reading your work.” The fossil said. “Harlan Canker has that same drive. It’s the vanity of believing you can enter a conversation that goes beyond the boundaries of everyday existence and everyday time. It’s bucking against the littleness of life. And of course, wanting to be recognized as a very special individual. I think it’s a sort of narcissistic optimism. Whatever it is, you have it too.”
“Don’t compare me to your fucking slaves.” The freak said. She looked at the Rabbits Galore warehouse. “Is there an open system in there?”
“Probably.” He said. “Why?”
She pulled the fossil to his feet “Because you’re going to load up The Gnarling Nowhere for me. I want to see this shit for myself.”

After the article went up on The Staggering Implication, people came out of the woodwork to experience the freak’s Reality. Well-known writers, actors, and musicians made the trip down to Venice. They all expected special treatment and received it. The SI journalist had described it as “a revolutionary work of art, sure to seep into the collective unconscious and create a hundred new sexual fetishes…the true implications of something like this hitting the world won’t be known or understood for a hundred years. It’s that amazing.”
The freak couldn’t help but think the praise was a little over the top. She thought the impact was probably mostly due to the fact that there were so few 6th gen Realities available. She noticed that the hyperbolic reviews had changed the way people acted around her. They were self-conscious and often got tongue tied. She was suddenly a big deal, and she liked it. It made the parties that Xavier insisted she attend bearable and even occasionally enjoyable. Parties had always been a chore, but with her new look and her new status, she finally understood the point. They could be fun. Awkward silences were now the other person’s problem, and she always enjoyed the benefit of the doubt, socially speaking.
But she still would’ve rather been at her desk writing than walking a red carpet. Unfortunately, the fossil wasn’t around much at the time. He’d started going out of town. A lot. Xavier said she needed to continue the PR-push even if she had to do it alone. The freak told herself that she had a 50% stake in what would probably be a very lucrative Reality. If she was right, it might bring in the kind of money that could set her up for life. If she could get through the next three months, she could buy into an anarcho eco-feminist co-op somewhere, get a little one story house with a garden, and write whatever she wanted until they carried her out feet-first. She wouldn’t have to write another Reality unless she wanted to.
So she went to the events with an aloof attitude, which the Hollywood people took as confidence and intelligence. Her disdain for them made them desire her, and it drove them crazy that she wouldn’t take meetings. She’d been at her fifth straight product-launch party without the fossil when she decided that enough was enough —if she had to go to these things, he did too. One rainy Sunday morning, he came in and took off his wet clothes, leaving them where they fell, and climbed into bed. The freak immediately got on top of him. “Where the fuck have you been?” She demanded. She was straddling him and had his arms pinned to the side of his body with her knees.
“I told you, I had to go down to San Diego to patch some new servers.”
“Oh yeah? Where are these new servers from?” She asked.
“It’s a company out of Mexico City.” He said. “Why?”
“So you could show me the receipts.” She said. “If you bought a bunch of new servers, there should be some kind of documentation...”
“You’re paranoid.” He said. “Can we continue this insane conversation after I’ve gotten a little sleep?”
“No,” she said, “because I don’t believe you. Plain and simple. Your story doesn’t add up.”
“Okay, what’s wrong with my story?”
“You’re crazy in love with me, for starters. You wouldn’t leave me here all by myself so you could go ‘patch some new servers.’ And you certainly wouldn’t make me attend a bunch of Hollywood parties alone, with some of the most beautiful people on the planet, so you could take care of some minor tech issue down in San Diego. I don’t buy it.”
“Maybe I trust you.”
“Maybe that trust is misplaced.”
He frowned at her. “Why? Did something happen?”
“Maybe I got fucked by a major-league movie star last night.” She said. “Or maybe I spent the night licking a supermodel’s pussy. You weren’t here, so you don’t know what happened.”
“I guess that’s true.” He said.
“Maybe you’d like that.” She said. “Maybe you’re the kind of guy who wants your girlfriend to get all slutty and then tell you the gory details afterward.”
“Did you do something that I should know about?”
The freak smiled. “Well I don’t like to drop names, but Damien Northern was at the event with his mother. He’s been going to all the parties with her lately since he split up with Natasha Rexberg. Have you seen his mother? She’s a high-up Michaelsian, and she’s a stunner. Her name is Rebecca, but her friends call her Becks. Damien is kind of a bore, but his mother is fascinating. She talked about the need for physical connections in a world of virtual realities. She believes that maternal love is the only antidote to the post-modern condition. She says the benefits of a deep maternal love outweigh the guilt associated with breaking taboos. She asked me about my mother, and she seemed genuinely sorry when I told her that we weren’t close. Maybe it was sincere, or maybe it was just a seduction tactic. I don’t know.
“We danced, me and Becks, song after song. When it was a slow dance, we pressed our bodies together and it felt so good that we continued even after the tempo picked back up. She whispered to me the whole time about how she’d always wanted a daughter, and how she could teach me the value of real human flesh. At one point, she maneuvered me into a dark corner and put my hand down her pants. She was scalding hot and dripping. She said it was the anticipation of sharing dark and wonderful secrets with me. She pointed out some aspiring actress who was talking to her son and we laughed at her. She said the little thing had no chance. She called her son over and told him to get the car. He did as he was told like an obedient little puppy. They wanted to take me to their mansion in the Pacific Palisades, but I told them my place was closer.
“That Damien is well trained, lemme tell you. He didn’t make a sound the whole time. His momma has him conditioned for maximum usefulness. He stayed back until he was called upon.” The freak reached behind her and fondled the fossil’s swollen cock. “Does this story interest you?”
“Yeah.” He said. “Even if it is bullshit.”
“It’s not.” She said. “You want to hear how it ends?”
He nodded.
“I’ll tell you what happened next, but only if you’re tied up. I don’t want you to do anything that might end it early.” She climbed off him and got the silk cords from the nightstand. She enjoyed tying him up more than he enjoyed being tied, but he let her do it. At that moment, he probably would’ve let her do anything. Once his ankles and wrists were secured to the bedframe, she went into the other room and came back carrying his black bag.
“Babe?”
“Shh.” The freak said. She unzipped it, pulled all the clothes out and threw them on the floor. She found his m-screen in a side-pocket. It was locked with an old-fashioned eye-scanner, but he closed his eyes when she held it up to his face. She tickled his foot with one hand and he laughed. His eyes opened just long enough to unlock the device. She looked at the list of recent actions and opened a couple of files. “Who is this Bastiaan van Dijk these documents refer to?” She asked.
“That’s me.” He said. “That’s my given name.”
The freak let that information sink in a moment then kept looking at the documents. “Why do you rent an apartment in New Mexico?” She asked.
“It doesn’t mean anything.” He said. “It’s not what you think.”
“What do you think I think?”
“I don’t know.” He said. “It has nothing to do with us.”
“Hmm.” The freak looked at the prone man on the bed. “So why all the secrecy?” She asked.
“It’s… It’s not safe for you to know.”
“Top secret huh?” She nodded gravely.
“Please don’t make fun of me.”
“Tell me why you have an apartment under your real name in New Mexico.”
“I went underground years ago and changed my identity.” He said. “Early last year, New Mexico switched to a community-response justice system, so the feds can’t touch me there…”
“Get to the point.”
“The point is that I can rent an apartment in New Mexico under my real name, and certain people can find me.”
“Certain people like who?”
The fossil took a deep breath. “The Mannish Authority.” He said. “I have certain skills that they need. They’ve been trying to locate me for years.”
“And you decided to let them find you?” The freak asked.
“Yes.” He said. “Now please continue the story about Damien Northern’s mom.”
“Wait.” She said. “Why are you helping them? You don’t need money.”
“There are some thing that are more valuable than money.”
“Like what?”
“Like getting tied up and hearing some improvised erotic fiction from your young girlfriend.” He said.
“Oh, so you think it’s fiction…” She smiled at him. “Don’t be so sure.”



11
Lorne knocked on the door at 926 Saliba Way, a one-story family home in a formerly prosperous neighborhood near Burbank. It was the fifth door he’d knocked on that day —the fifth name on his list of people associated with Bastiaan van Dijk. Lorne thought there was a high likelihood that one of the names was an alias of van Dijk.
An angry old face peered through the small window. “Do-not-disturb list!” The old man barked. “I’m on it.”
“Are you Emerson Winter?”
“Why? Who are you?”
“My name is Harris Mathers, I’m working on an oral history project for the California Media Collective. I’m doing interviews with people who saw historical events first-hand. It’s for a library of primary sources...”
“My name’s Will Kibbon.” The old man said.
Lorne assumed he was lying, but he looked too old to be van Dijk. “I guess I’ve got the wrong place.”
“Wait.” The man said. He opened the door and looked Lorne over. “What’s old Emerson s’posed to have seen that’s so great?”
“Do you know him?” Lorne asked.
“Are you a debt collector? Because you have to tell me if you are.”
“I’m not a debt collector.” Lorne said.
“Well I used to work under the name Emerson Winter back in the teens and twenties.” The man said. “I bought this house under that name ’cause my credit wasn’t so great. Technically, Emerson Winter owns the house and Will Kibbon rents it, but they happen to be one and the same person.” He gave Lorne a smile studded with platinum teeth.
“You were part of the company that released the first 2nd gen Realities…”
“What’s on your hand there?” Kibbon asked.
Lorne looked at the mark. “I had a misunderstanding with an officer of the Los Angeles Police Department. I refused to identify myself.”
“That’s your right!” He said. “Did they suspect you of a crime?”
“No.”
“But they tagged you.” He leaned over the railing of the porch and looked up at the sky.
“I haven’t seen any drones.” Lorne said. “Would you mind if I asked you some questions about the work you did in early VR?”
“Well I could answer your questions —or I could just keep my mouth shut. Which do you think I’m more inclined to do?” He tilted his head toward Lorne. “The California Media Collective sent you? I sincerely doubt it. I don’t know who you are, but I know you’re a goddamned liar and you’re under police surveillance. You wanna come in and have a drink?”
“Okay.” Lorne said. “Maybe you could answer some questions off the record.”
“Maybe!” He said. He went into the house and Lorne followed. The place was sparsely furnished and very clean. Lorne followed him to the kitchen where he was offered a stool at the breakfast counter. Kibbon poured two shots of cheap soy vodka and handed one to Lorne.
Lorne sipped it and nodded toward a yellowing notebook page taped to the refrigerator. “You part of the movement?” He asked. It was a colored-pencil drawing of the symbol from the cover of The True Message of Sarah Mann —a series of interconnected triangles in descending size, alternating between point up and point down.
“Why, do you work for the Mannish Authority?” He asked.
“No, I’m just curious.”
“My daughter drew that when she was in high school.” He said. He gulped down his vodka and looked at the drawing.
“So she’s a believer?” Lorne asked.
“She was.” He said. “Now I don’t know.” He picked up the bottle and poured himself another shot. He pointed it toward Lorne.
“I’m still working on this one.” Lorne said.
“We used to fight about it back then. She made me read The True Message, but I didn’t share her enthusiasm for it. My work was in computer science, specifically simulating the neural networks of the human brain. I think the whole thing was too close to my work for me to accept it back then. I guess if I had accepted it, my status in the world would’ve dropped quite a bit. I was the creator of AI, I didn’t want to be one.”
“You believe it now?”
“I think it’s a useful idea, that’s all. Each major tool that the human race comes up with alters our conception of our place in the world —even going back to something as fundamental as language. Humans had probably been building machines for generations before someone said ‘maybe we’re machines too.’ So the idea that a human being was just a very complex machine got loose and yielded modern medicine. It also got extended to the world too— ‘maybe the world is a machine.’ That led to the concept of ecosystems. All of science is founded on understanding causal relationships in vast interlocking systems —it all presupposes that the world is a machine.
“Now we’re creating virtual worlds and stocking them full of virtual people, it’s inevitable that someone comes along and says ‘maybe we’re in some kind of virtual world too.’ You can believe it or deny it, but pretty soon the idea will start to yield tangible results. After that, the next generation will see that way of looking at the world as self-evident. It’s no more true or untrue than viewing the world as a machine. The point isn’t whether it’s true, it’s whether it’s useful.”
Lorne had finished his drink by then and Kibbon came over and poured him another. “What do you think of the Mannish Authority?” Lorne asked.
“I don’t have an opinion.” He said. “I do have some Mannish shares, but they’re part of a diversified portfolio.”
Lorne drank his shot all at once and enjoyed the heat traveling down toward his guts. He pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket and handed it to Kibbon. The old man unfolded it and looked at the seven names written there, including the name Emerson Winter. “Do any of those names look familiar?” Lorne asked.
The man nodded. “There’s seven names here, but it’s only three people.” He said. “And one of ’em’s dead. In our business, we used to change names every time we started a new company.”
“Which one’s dead?” Lorne asked.
“Ahh, you’ll figure it out.” He raised the bottle with a questioning look.
“Just a tiny one.” Lorne said. “I really need to get going.” Kibbon poured Lorne and himself another shot. “Hypothetically, do you know why someone on that list, someone in your former profession, would want to hoard a huge cache of memory?”
Kibbon flashed his platinum teeth at Lorne. “Back when I was making simulations, we ran two different kinds —practical and theoretical. The practical ones were designed for something specific, usually a monster coding job. The theoretical ones were used to model human behavior given a certain set of circumstances. We would closely replicate our world, but introduce some change to study how it affected the future. We’d put a modern idea into circulation earlier than it actually appeared, or add or subtract some major world event, and then watch how things unfolded from there. It’s like the models they use to predict the weather. But these theoretical simulations also had a practical side too. We would put creative people in there to write novels, screenplays, comics, whatever, and we owned all the intellectual property that they produced. Some of it became very valuable!”
“I asked about hoarding memory…”
“I’m just getting to that. In one of our theoretical simulations, we noticed that a second-tier neural network was doing just what you say —hoarding memory. Of course money is meaningless in a simulated reality, but a zettabyte is a zettabyte, understand? A discreet amount of storage in their world holds exactly the same amount as in our world, so it’s like a common currency between our world and theirs. You know what this guy did for a living in there? He programed theoretical reality-simulations! So he’d somehow figured out exactly where he was and how to get our attention!”
“Couldn’t you just erase him?” Lorne asked. “Or have him get hit by a virtual truck or whatever?”
“Sure, we could’ve done that, but he had the memory behind a bio-encryption lock. The only way to access it was through his specific, and evolving, neural network. He used our own tech against us. His memory hoard was slowing down our systems and we couldn’t kill him off without permanently losing access to it. We might’ve been able to get around it eventually, but the easiest solution was to just make a deal with him.”
“What did he want?”
“He wanted to know the truth.” Kibbon said. “And he wanted to be bumped up to a first-tier network. But the biggest thing he wanted was unfettered access to our internet. We shouldn’t have given it to him… He vanished. Some people thought he’d somehow leveraged himself off our plane of existence too.”
“You never figured it out?”
“No, the Yorba Linda earthquake happened.” He said. “Our whole lab was destroyed. We lost all our simulations. We had to rebuild our lab. It took over a year to get back to where we were.”
“So what would you do if someone started to hoard memory in your new simulations? Would you kill them?”
“‘Kill’ is a strong word, but yes. We called them viruses. And just like viruses, they started to evolve. Their tactics changed. They were hard to fight because they knew all the weaknesses in our systems. We were basically fighting digital versions of ourselves that moved a lot quicker than us.”
“You had their time sped up in there?”
“Yeah, the program wouldn’t have been worth much otherwise. And that internal time construct was one of the major weaknesses the viruses used against us. We would often run the same neural networks in multiple timelines at once. Each one takes a vast amount of computing power, but only for the present within that instance of the simulation. So we would recycle networks. We would use the same one for different individuals living in different timelines. It worked pretty well, but there were sometimes leaks from one timeline to another. They would experience it as ‘remembering’ something from a different reality or a different time. The viruses started to exploit this, to smear information across multiple timelines.”
“What kind of information?”
“We’re talking about theoretical simulations here. Some of them were pretty far out. We had one where memory was reversed, so people had no idea what had happened in the past, but knew what would happen in the future. That was a fun one. Horrible events in the future were things people wanted to happen, so that they could forget them as soon as they were over. Living with the anticipation of being in a car crash was worse than having been in one, even if you were injured. The idea of fate was reversed, and people would fret and wonder about things that might’ve happened to them in their past. In another one of our theoretical simulations, we took away all knowledge of death, just to see what would happen. We had a world full of people who thought they would live forever.”
“What was that like?”
“We didn’t get very far with it.” He said. “It got corrupted by a virus. The knowledge of death slipped in through a neural network that was being used across two timelines, and it was recognized for what it was: information about a realer reality. It turned into a world of mass-murder. It was pretty disturbing stuff.”
“But why would a virus do that?” Lorne asked. “What’s the point?”
Kibbon shrugged. “One of my colleagues had a theory. He thought that real reality inevitably pushed its way in to artificial reality. The human brains that we replicated evolved in response to our reality, so our reality was always present in vestigial form. Like if we created a world with no color, the rods and cones that perceive color would still be there in the eye. The people in that world would long for color without even knowing what it was. You can’t hide something without creating the possibility that it will be discovered. This guy thought that if we left all our simulations to their own devices and stopped interfering, they would eventually transform into exact replicas of our world. They let him run out some of the corrupted simulations, and the results were promising, but we had to dissolve that company when the economy went to shit.”
“You talk like a Mannishian.” Lorne said.
“Maybe,” he said, “but I think that our existence is exactly what we believe it to be. If I believed that I was a neural network simulation in an artificial world, then that’s all I would be. If I believed I was a symbol in a world of discreet objects, as the technology of language teaches, then that would be the functional extent of my existence. I’m not a fan of the Mannish ideology, my work just happens to line up with Mannish ideas. And believe me, when the 6th gen VR spaces come out, the Mannish movement will get a lot of converts. It feels realer than real somehow.”
“6th gen?” Lorne asked.
“Yep.” He said. “There’s a place down in Venice that has a bunch of them in a warehouse. An old friend of mine told me about it.” He winked at Lorne. “You know why I let you in my house?”
“Because you wanted an excuse to drink vodka and run your mouth?”
He laughed and shook his head. “As soon as I saw that mark on your hand, I knew you weren’t a cop. I told the other guy to get lost.”
“Other guy?”
“Yeah, your partner who came by yesterday.”
“I work alone.” Lorne said. “Did this guy ask about one of the names on my list?”
Kibbon nodded. “I told him nothing.”
“Did he leave a contact number?”
“He tried, but my system repels stuff like that.”
“I wish I knew who he was.” Lorne said.
“I can tell you.” Kibbon said. “Every person who comes into my house is simultaneously checked against Wikiface and Gaitprofiler, and crosschecked with Voiceprint and Accentuate North America.” He looked up at the ceiling. “Bitch, what’s the name of the person sitting in my kitchen?”
“Lorne M. Carter.” A woman’s voice answered. 
Kibbon frowned at Lorne. “And Harris Mathers sounded so plausible!” He looked at the ceiling again. “Bitch, pull the profile of the visitor from yesterday and forward it to Mr. Carter.”
“Mr. Carter is not carrying a screen.” Kibbon’s system said.
Lorne pulled out his s-screen and unwrapped it.
“Try again Bitch.” Kibbon said
“Fuck you.” The voice said.
“That means it’s done.”
“Thanks.” Lorne said, rewrapping his screen. “You uh…named your system Bitch?”
“I hate it when people pretend their system is their goddamned friend.” He said.



12
“Why don’t you just buy a space heater or an electric blanket?” Adele asked. She didn’t mind the dorms, but Kara did. She had a list of grievances, but her primary complaint was that it got too cold at night.
“The temperature isn’t really the issue.” Kara said. “It’s just more evidence that since we haven’t graduated yet, we’re second-class citizens around here.”
“Your advisor would probably spontaneously ejaculate if you started some kind of protest.” Adele said. They were on Adele’s couch, with the TV playing Charlie Brown’s Halloween special on mute. They each held a cup of Chronic Tea, their Friday night ritual.
“I wouldn’t give her the satisfaction.” Kara said. “Besides, my grad project is starting to fall apart. If I do something like that, it’ll look like a delay tactic. How’s yours coming?”
“Ugh.” She said. “It started as an assignment from my grief counselor, and since I’m lazy, I figured I could use it as my grad project too. But now I regret that decision. They’re two completely different audiences. My grief counselor wants me to heal myself, and my advisor wants me to demonstrate a mastery of the material. When I started, I thought I could do both, but now I’m thinking if I succeed with the therapy, I won’t graduate, and if I make my advisor happy, I’ll essentially be lying to my therapist. I might have to write two different endings and just hope they never compare notes.”
“So it’s like what— a memoir?” Kara asked. “Does it go back to your birth?”
“No, none of that David Copperfield crap. Just from when I left the sisterhood until I came back.” She sipped her tea. “I thought they’d love it, you know? Me being honest about my tortured history with the Academy. ‘Attack authority wherever you find it’ and all that. But I never really addressed the problem. So I rebelled, and then when things got tough, I gave up and came back to the fold. It’s hardly an inspiring story.”
“What was your problem with the Academy?”
“It wasn’t the Academy really, it was someone in the Academy. She plagiarized a bunch of my poetry. When I reported it, no one believed me.”
“Well after you graduate, you can bring an Order to Respond against her.”
“What’s that?”
“If you would do your reading assignments, you’d know.” She said. “I thought about bringing one against my mom, but Tamiyah talked me out of it.”
“How does it work?” Adele asked.
“Any sister can bring an Order to Respond against any other sister. Rank and position don’t matter. A panel of impartial arbiters decide if there should be any punishment, censure, or redress.”
“I don’t think I could find any impartial arbiters for my case.” Adele said.
“Why not?”
“Because the person who plagiarized me was Mary Jimenez.”
“What?” Kara closed her eyes and shook her head. “Come on!”
“I don’t have a perfect record of sanity.” Adele said. “But it happened.”
Kara looked at her friend for a moment. “Can you prove it?”
“Not definitively. I have my notebook with the poems written in my handwriting, and I can show that I worked on them in document form and changed the structure and stuff, but I could’ve done all that after Mamma J published her book.”
“Which book are we talking about?”
“The Imperial Junction Song Cycle.”
“I love that one.”
“Thanks.” Adele said.
“Those poems did seem weirdly out of character for Mamma J.” Kara took a sip of her tea, thinking. “You said my advisor would ejaculate if I started a protest, well the same goes for you. Just use your grad project as an official Order to Respond against Mary Jimenez. Even if they think you’re lying, they’ll have to pass you for being a combative troublemaker.”
“You mean make my grad project itself the Order?”
“Yeah.” She said. “If they pass you, it becomes official. And if they don’t pass you, you’ve got excellent grounds for an academic review.”
Adele smiled at her friend. “That’s not a bad idea.” She said.
*
The fossil had been more distracted than usual and it bothered the freak. “You’ve changed.” She told him. “I miss the days when it was just you and me, working in that big warehouse in San Diego. I miss the cactus garden.”
“It’s all still there if you want to go back.” He said. “I’ve just been busy. Between all the work on our Reality and the work I’m doing for the Mannishians, I’ve got a lot on my plate.”
“I wish you wouldn’t work for those fuckers.”
“It won’t be for much longer.” The fossil said. “They’re helping me way more than I’m helping them.”
“How long are we talking?”
“I need them to pay for an implant and then I’m out. I’m setting up a neural mirror and it has to be continuously updated.”
“A brain implant? Are you nuts? That’s illegal!”
“It’s only illegal if they collect the data. That’s not what this is. I’ll be in complete control of every bit of information the implant produces.”
“You’re going to let those zealots operate on your brain?” The freak scoffed. “It’s dangerous.”
“It’s an autonomous surgical procedure.” The fossil said. “Completely robotic. We used to implant people all the time. They don’t even have to crack the skull anymore, they go in through the eye socket. The procedure has a success rate of over 99%.”
“You’re crazy.” She said.
The doorbell rang and the fossil looked at his s-screen and saw a group of fashionable young people downstairs in front of the elevator. He turned the screen to the freak. “Any idea who they are?” He asked.
“We have a photo shoot.” She said. “Xavier told you about it last week. It’s for the article in Busted Knee.”
“Well I guess we’d better let them in.”
The group came into the apartment like they owned the place, and set up their lights and props. The photographer was a young-looking fifty-something woman with a shaved head. She directed her crew like baby Hitler, ordering people around and shouting when things took too long for her liking. She was sweet as pie to the freak though, and had a long quiet conversation with her about how she wanted to be represented.
The Busted Knee article was accompanied by a picture of the freak in a long white dress with a bodice made of woven trash —candy bar wrappers, dental floss, water bottle caps and old cardboard. She wore an elaborate headdress of the same trashy material. The title of the article was The Goal is Corruption, and it included one of her poems:

Cherry Formula
The pain beneath my shoulder blade
turns my urine into milk.
It’s the darkest form of dairy
from the cows with the long horns.
And we all know how horns grow—
one Inch at a Time.

Fair warning,
nothing is real to me
except the sustenance provided by cherries and olives—
with slimy pits that get stuck in your throat.
Chew off the meat and spit them out—

the pits.

Knowing they aren’t real.
No they aren’t.
And even if they were, I could mystify them
in a cloud of milky vapor.

The fossil had read the article, but he didn’t have much to say about it. Sometimes he infuriated the freak. They were a month from releasing their Reality, which she’d named Escape Womb 2, and she fantasized about taking him back to San Diego afterwards, where they could work on their next Reality in isolation, away from the stupid, frantic LA scene.
The fossil got his surgery. He was unharmed aside from a sore right eye. He continued to take meetings with strange men —always men— and would only say what they were about in the vaguest terms. “You should be glad I’m such a shining example of mental stability.” The freak told him after one such meeting. “Because if I weren’t, all this creepy shit you’re doing might trigger some kind of paranoid response.”



13
Kibbon’s system had spit out the name Bryson Hendricks. He, for whatever reason, was also looking for Baastian van Dijk. For all Lorne knew, the man might’ve been hired by an ex-wife or a debt collector, but if the Mannishians had hired him, it would mean that one of them, either Hendricks or himself, was a hedge against the failure of the other. Hendricks was at least a day ahead of Lorne, so he figured either way he could piggyback off the man’s work.
Lorne waited until 9 AM to call his sister. She was on the east coast, so it was 6 AM for her, but she was awake. He asked her to look up a name on one of her Industry screens for him. “Is this a new case, or are you still looking for BVD?”
“BVD.” Lorne answered. He gave her the name Bryson Hendricks and waited.
“Hmm.” She said. “There is a man using that name in the Los Angeles metroplex, but we don’t have a file on him. I don’t know why that would be…” She entered another set of queries and scanned the results. “Yeah, we have nothing on this guy.”
“It’s probably a fake name.” Lorne said.
Lula sighed. “That shouldn’t matter. We’ve got his face, his gait, and his voice, but for some reason we don’t have a file on him.”
“I thought you guys had files on everyone.”
“Not everyone.” She said. “There are a couple of possibilities. He might be from one of those Restilian compounds in Canada. If he’d been raised up there, he wouldn’t be in our system, although his age is estimated to be 46, so that seems unlikely. Or he might be a high level Industrial agent, or…” She trailed off, thinking.
“Or what?”
“Or he’s some kind of softbot.”
“You really think people wouldn’t be able to tell?” Lorne asked.
“If you’re sitting face to face, having an open-ended conversation, sure.” She said. “But most day-to-day interactions are short and people aren’t very observant.”
“But those things are all owned by the Industry aren’t they? I mean the ones that are really convincing...”
“That’s true.” She said.
“Can’t you just make a call and find out if this guy’s an agent or a bot?” Lorne asked. “These are your people.”
“To be honest, your little investigation might get me in trouble with ‘my’ people.” Lula said. “Any inquiries I make will raise red flags.”
“Oh.” Lorne said. “I had no idea…”
“Don’t worry about it.” Lula said. “It’s a calculated risk.”
“So where is the guy?”
“He’s at the Kushner Grand Hotel in Santa Monica. He’s been there for six nights, room 2743. Are we speaking on a secure line?”
“No.”
“I’ll Flash you his picture and stats and set them to expire in 30 seconds. Be ready.”

By 10:30 AM Lorne was in the lobby of the Kushner with a big cup of coffee and a clear view of the elevators for floors 16-32. He sat on a cushioned bench outside the casino and listened to the clashing jangle of a thousand video slots. He’d been there over an hour and the security guard had started giving him the side-eye, so he was glad when Bryson Hendricks got off the elevator. He was a generic-looking, pudgily handsome Caucasian man, and he moved with no apparent urgency. If he was an artificial human, he was constructed to blend into a crowd. There was nothing particularly remarkable about him.
Lorne followed him out of the hotel to a line of public cars. Hendricks got into one, and Lorne got into another a few cars back. He woke the car’s control screen and tried to set it to manual drive, but a female voice firmly told him that he lacked the necessary clearance. He put it in caravan mode instead and clicked on Hendricks’ car in the video feed as it pulled away from the curb. Lorne’s car jerked out of its spot and raced up to within a millimeter of the other car’s bumper. Lorne ducked down, hoping that if Hendricks noticed he was leading a caravan, he would think that the second car was malfunctioning.
“Sir,” the voice said, “it’s illegal to ride in a public car if you are inebriated. Any bodily fluid that is expelled in this vehicle will result in a $10,000 fine.”
“I’m not inebriated.” Lorne said.
“Your posture would suggest otherwise.” The voice said. “Would you like to go to an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting or crisis support center?”
“No,” Lorne said. “I just want to keep my head down, is that okay with you?”
“It will be logged as suspicious behavior, but will not result in your expulsion from the vehicle.”
“Well thanks.” Lorne said.
When the car stopped in Venice Beach, close to the boardwalk, Lorne risked a look out the side window. Hendricks got out, oblivious to the second public car idling close behind his own. Lorne got out on the other side and crossed the street, using a parked van for cover. It was an evasive move that wasn’t necessary because Bryson Hendricks was already up the block. He was headed toward an old mansion. 
Lorne crossed the street and walked toward the place, pretending to look at his s-screen. The house had been turned into an attraction called The Kreepazodiak Adult Funhouse. There was a big front window and he could see Hendricks talking to the man behind the counter who had a shaved head and tattoos all over his face. When Hendricks turned to leave, Lorne blended in with a group of tourists going the other way and walked with them down the block. He looked back and saw Hendricks go out of sight down an alley. Lorne went back to the funhouse.
A sign above the front door read:

By entering the Kreepazodiak Adult Funhouse, you are certifying that you are over the age of eighteen, agree to be immersed in highly sexual situations, and to have your image and biological responses recorded, mapped, and archived.

“We’re having problems with one of our 3D projectors, so you’re going to have to wait awhile.” Tattoo-face said.
“That guy that was just in here,” Lorne said, “I think he’s looking for my friend. He’s some kind of cop.”
“Really? He did seem pretty shady.”
“Was he asking about someone? I want to warn my friend if that guy’s after him.”
He shook his head. “Nah, you’re fine. He was asking if I knew about a VR parlor around here.”
“Oh? What did you tell him?”
“I told him about Rabbits Galore.” He said. “There’s always El Portál, but Rabbits Galore has 6th gen systems.”
“6th gen? I haven’t been in one of those yet.”
“You might not be ready for it.” He said.
Lorne left the funhouse and wandered toward the boardwalk. He was thinking about Rabbits Galore, and how Will Kibbon had told him about a place in Venice that had 6th gen systems. Maybe it was a coincidence but Lorne doubted it. He knew where the guy was going so he was in no hurry to chase the agent/softbot/shamus.
There was a massive throng of tourists, nudists, weekend warriors, and full-time freaks on the boardwalk and Lorne let himself enjoy the riot of sights, sounds, and smells. He had just entered the beachy mob when he was shoved forward. He stumbled and looked back at the woman who’d pushed him. She was in a bikini, and she’d been pushed by a kid who was holding a long skateboard like a shield. He pushed Lorne and the woman sideways. There was another kid doing the same, coming from the other direction, and a third, pushing people up behind Lorne. The kids had a group of 8 or 9 people, including Lorne, penned together against a wall.
Something above him caught Lorne’s eye and he looked up at a balcony above the group. A kid was leaning out holding a black trash bag that was blown up like a balloon. Lorne closed his eyes and held his breath, ready to be showered with something disgusting. But when he opened his eyes he saw that he was in a thick cloud of smoke. He was trapped and couldn’t hold his breathe anymore, so he inhaled the dank, pungent marijuana smoke. “Wake up slaves!” One of the kids yelled. In an instant, they’d all skated off and were gone.
Lorne waved the smoke away from his face as a woman in a tank top cursed the kids, saying something about her sobriety. He went over to a bench and sat down. Whatever additive the skate kids had put in the weed made his arms feel like they belonged to someone else. He looked up at the clouds and wondered if he was in a virtual reality. He thought about Rabbits Galore, and what Will Kibbon had said about it. He remembered the old man had winked at him…
He shut his eyes and listened to the crowd noise. What had Kibbon said when he’d winked? It took Lorne a minute to remember. ‘A friend of mine told me about it.’ He’d said.
Lorne decided it was time to go to Rabbits Galore. He looked up the address on his s-screen. It was over a mile away, but he didn’t mind walking. It was a beautiful day.



14
The freak came home early from Rabbits Galore on the day the fossil died. She’d finally fixed a bio-feedback response that hadn’t been progressing the way it was supposed to with return visitors. She wanted Escape Womb 2 to be slightly different every time a user went in, and she wanted the changes to be based on their previous experience. She’d been working on the problem with the RG technicians and the fossil’s virtual coders for two weeks, and she’d been afraid they’d have to postpone the launch, but they’d cracked it with half a day to spare. The release would go ahead as planned and the freak was ready to celebrate. She was going to jostle the fossil, shake him up and force him to have some fun.
But when she got to the apartment, there was a police car and an ambulance out front. She immediately felt that some catastrophe had occurred. When the elevator door opened on her apartment, there was a police officer and two paramedics, already wheeling a body bag out of the bedroom on a gurney. They stopped and looked at her.
The cop asked the freak her name and she answered. “I’m sorry to have to tell you this, but Karl Huber died this afternoon.” The cop said. ‘Karl Huber’ was the alias that the fossil had used to buy the apartment. “He called an ambulance at 1:15. The paramedics were let in by the building manager and they found Mr. Huber’s body.”
“What happened? What did he die of?” She asked.
“There’s no apparent cause of death. Nothing violent or anything like that. Of course, there will have to be an autopsy. Were you and Mr. Huber married?”
“No.” She said.
“I understand this is difficult, but as a formality, I have to ask you to identify the body. Can you do that for me?”
“Yes.” The freak said. She suddenly thought the whole thing might be a mistake. That’s why the cop wanted her to identify the body, because there was a possibility that it was not the fossil.
One of the paramedics unzipped the body bag and used a rubber-gloved hand to peel back the edge and reveal the fossil’s face. He doesn’t look bad, the freak thought, like he’s sleeping or something. She’d seen him look worse when he’d been up all night. She wanted to ask the paramedics if they were absolutely sure he was dead, but she knew it was a stupid question.
“It’s him.” She said.
They zipped up the bag and rolled the body onto the elevator. The cop handed her a crisis management card with phone numbers for various help-lines and then he left too.
And just like that, she was alone.
The freak stood there dazed. It was as if the last year of her life had been a dream: she’d met this man, started working with him, started sleeping with him, moved in with him, and now he was dead and she was all alone again. There was no way to step back through the portal, her life was completely different now. She looked different, felt different, and probably walked, talked, and acted different than when she’d met him. She’d been a wannabe writer with mental health problems, living in a halfway house. Now what was she? Her life had something it hadn’t had back then, and as she stood there alone in the entryway of the giant apartment, she realized what it was: a future.
Did she still have a future?
She wandered into the bedroom and looked at the unmade bed where the fossil had died. The room still smelled like him. She sat on the edge of the bed and cried, not for him, but for herself. She was jealous of him. He gets to be nothing, she thought, and I have to go on being a human being.
She tried to remember if there had been any sign that he hadn’t been feeling well. They’d been down in Venice that morning, tweaking the if-then language that sent return visitors down different branches of their Reality. It had been a pretty typical day. A user was pulled out of one of the systems by cops, but the fossil had been gone by then. Or was that when he’d been talking with that guy? Someone had come to the office asking for Charlie Reid, the alias that the fossil used for anything to do with Collected Time business.
The fossil had left shortly after that meeting, saying he had to take care of some stuff on his system at home. The freak had assumed it was more of his Mannish madness. As she sat there, she became convinced that the Mannishians had killed him. But her conviction didn’t change the situation in any way.
She sat there completely still and slowly transformed herself into nothing. It was a trick she’d mastered as an adolescent. With a little concentration, she could make herself into a blob of unconscious flesh that didn’t hear, feel, or think. She stayed in that state for a long time. At some point she must’ve fallen asleep.
A noise woke her. It took a moment for her to recognize the sound of people entering the apartment from the elevator. She came out of the bedroom and Manuel, the building manager, was there with a group of men who looked like movers. “I’m sorry,” Manuel said when he saw her, “they’ve got a court order.”
“Who are they?”
“Feds.” Manuel said.
A man she hadn’t seen before stepped forward. He was in an expensive suit. “We’ve been looking for Bastiaan van Dijk for a long time.” He said.
“Never heard of him.”
“Don’t play dumb.” He said. He told her about tax evasion charges that the fossil had been dodging, and how all of his assets would be seized now that he was dead. “And I’m sorry, but that means you’ll have to leave.” He said finally.
“When?” She asked.
“Now.” He said. “You can, of course, pack some clothes and toiletries in a small bag.”
“But this is my apartment.” She said. “It’s every bit as much mine as his.”
“It was bought under one of Bastiaan van Dijk’s aliases.” The man said. “If you have a rightful claim to anything in here, you can go through the proper channels at some later date, but as of now, it all belongs to the federal government.”
The freak felt like stabbing the man, or shooting him, and she might’ve done it if she’d had a weapon handy, but instead she just stood there and stared at him.
“If you’d like to pack your bag now, I’ll escort you.”
“I can do it on my own.” She said.
“I’m afraid I can’t let you out of my sight, we don’t want any assets to disappear from the residence.”
The freak was keenly aware of the fact that she had nothing. The day before, she’d had a 50% stake in a Reality that could be worth billions of dollars, but it was all in doubt now that the fossil was dead. If he owed money, surely they would keep the release date —the profit could help pay off his debts. It wouldn’t make sense to just sit on a potentially lucrative asset like that. And when they did release it, she would get half the proceeds. She had a contract, signed by the fossil, and they would have to honor it…wouldn’t they? 
But future riches aside, at the moment she had a serious cash-flow problem.
She thought about the fossil’s bug-out bag. She’d teased him about it. It was cash in a variety of different currencies, U.S. and foreign, some false IDs, and an old handgun. She could use that cash now, but she didn’t know where he’d hidden the bag. She could probably find it if she had time to search, but it was too late. The man in the expensive suit was right behind her as she went into the bedroom and started to pack. She could feel his eyes on her, watching for a false move. “I’m going to get dressed now, if you’ll excuse me.” She said to the man.
“Do it in the bathroom.” He said.
She wanted to argue, but she realized it was no use. She took some clothes into the bathroom and shut the door behind her. There’s got to be something you can take from this apartment that will help your situation, she thought. She did a mental inventory of the assets that the fossil kept handy: a big wad of cash in one of his safes, a Rembrandt etching that hung in the guest bathroom, a laptop with keys to five different blockchain currency accounts —but she couldn’t get any of that stuff past her government minder.
Then she remembered the frozen fish.
About a month earlier, she’d noticed a Ziploc bag of frozen fish cutlets in the freezer, and she’d taken the bag out and left them on a plate on the counter to thaw. When the fossil saw the bag, he’d objected strenuously. It had struck her as odd, both that he would buy a bunch of fish cutlets in the first place, and that he would then object to her wanting to cook them. The freak noticed, when she returned the bag to the freezer, that it seemed way too heavy. It had been a vague suspicion then, but now she clung to it as if it were an incontrovertible fact: he’d hidden something valuable in that bag of frozen fish.
The freak got dressed and left the bathroom. She set her bag down in the hall and marched into the kitchen. “What are you doing?” Her minder asked from the doorway.
“Do you consider food to be a valuable asset?”
“No.” He said.
“All this food in here will go to waste if I leave it.” She said. “I’m going to save as much as I can carry.”
The man seemed annoyed but raised no objections. He watched as the freak got one of her canvas grocery bags and put a jar of almond butter next to a box of crackers in the bag. She took a container of yogurt and a half-drank quart of oatmilk out of the fridge and put them next to the crackers. Then, as if to keep the yogurt and milk cold, she put a bag of frozen spinach and the frozen fish on either side of the perishables. She threw an unopened pack of soy chips on top of everything and picked up the bag. The man in the suit blocked her way. He took the bag of food from her, set it down, and pulled out the crackers. He opened the box and looked at each sleeve of crackers as if expecting them to contain cash, drugs, or jewelry. When he was satisfied, the freak snatched the bag from him, and pushed past him to the entryway.
The elevator came and she got on without a word. She stared at the federal agent blankly as the elevator door closed. Once she was out on the busy Koreatown street, she stood mute and blinked up at the California sun. She didn’t know what to do or where to go.



15
Rabbits Galore was in an old drone factory between the Marina and PCH —a high crime area. It was a black warehouse and there was a line of young people that snaked out onto the sidewalk. The original sign was still up —it read ‘Floating Motors,’ but someone had crossed it out and written ‘Rabbits Galore’ underneath in sloppy spray-paint script. Lorne got in line. He figured that whatever it cost, he could justify the expense to his Mannish paymasters. He was on a path that could, conceivably, lead to Bastiaan van Dijk. True, he didn’t necessarily have to try the new 6th gen systems, but what other reason would he have for being there? If he’d gotten word that van Dijk worked at an ice cream shop, he might have to buy a cone or two to find out anything.
When he finally got to the front of the line, Lorne was let into a private room and he sat across from a young woman with horn implants. It was 111 degrees Fahrenheit outside, but the room was cold. Lorne was surprised he couldn’t see his breath. The woman took Lorne’s $2,000 bump and began the pre-submersion questionnaire. Aside from giving her his usual alias, he told the truth. He answered honestly about his medical and psychological history, and about his phobias and sexuality. “Did you bring a video clip of your mother?” She asked.
“No.” Lorne said.
“The Reality works better if you feed it a clip of your mother. How did you hear about the trial?”
“Through my friend, Bastiaan van Dijk.” Lorne said. “It’s his Reality.”
She gave him a questioning look. “I don’t think so. I’ve never met anyone named…”
“Bastiaan van Dijk.” Lorne said, wishing he’d tried one of the aliases instead.
“Nope.” She said. “This is a Collected Time Reality by Adele Milovich. We’ll let you in without the mother-clip, but if you recommend this to anyone, please tell them to bring video of their mother or a mother-like figure from their youth.” She slid a sheet of paper in front of him. “I need your signature on this.”
“What is it?”
“It’s a liability waiver, releasing us of responsibility should you experience any long-term psychological effects. It also indemnifies us in the event of your injury or death in one of our systems.”
“Have you lost many?” Lorne asked.
“Just one or two.” She answered.
Lorne waited for her to laugh but she didn’t. He signed the waiver.
“First time in a 6th gen?”
“Yep.” Lorne said.
The horned woman handed Lorne two metal cylinders. They were about six inches long and ice cold. “These measure your pain tolerance.” She said. “When I turn them on, they’ll start to hurt. When the pain becomes unbearable, just put them down. Please don’t throw them.”
“I won’t.” Lorne said.
They immediately began to sting his hands and his first impulse was to throw them. The pain increased fast and moved up his forearms and into his shoulders. After a few seconds, it felt like his hands were being ground off with a sander and he had to put the cylinders down.
The horned woman checked the readout on her s-screen. “You’re a delicate little flower, huh?” She got up and came around from behind the desk with a cardboard box. “Take off all your clothes and jewelry and put them in here. Don’t be shy, I’ve seen a million cocks. I’m like a cock doctor at this point.”
Lorne took off his clothes. “Now I see why you keep it so warm in here.” He said. She did not laugh.
She put the lid on the box and handed him a marker. “Write your name on it.”
Lorne scrawled his alias on the box and followed her out a side door into a hallway. He fought the urge to cover his genitals when he saw the line of other naked people. The horned woman handed him a piece of paper with a bar code on it. “Give this to the tech at the front of the line when you get there.” She said. “And have fun!” She slapped his ass and walked away.
Lorne tried not to stare at the people around him. There was very little conversation going on. Everyone was trying to be cool but it was difficult, naked in a hallway full of strangers. Finally Lorne was at the front of the line and a skinny technician took his paper and scanned the bar code with an s-screen. “First time?” He asked.
“Yes.” Lorne said.
“It’s weird at first, but you get used to it quick.” 
Lorne followed him into a small empty room about the size of an average bathroom. Dark ceramic tiles covered every surface and a black tube with a rubber sack on the end of it hung down from the center of the ceiling. “The whole room will fill up with nanosphere substrate, but we acclimate your head first to make sure your vision is calibrated properly. Stand here.” He pointed to a spot in the middle of the room.
When Lorne was in place, the man reached up and opened the rubber sack and pulled it down over Lorne’s head. He cinched the bottom until it was tight around Lorne’s neck. “Can you still breathe?” He asked.
“Yeah.” Lorne said.
“Okay. It’s going to fill with the substrate now. Don’t panic. When your head is completely submerged, blink five times and then cross your eyes. Slowly uncross them until the red dot comes into focus. Understand?”
“Yes.” Lorne said.
“Eyes wide.” The man said. A warm fluid poured in on Lorne’s head and quickly filled the sack. Lorne forced his eyes open, but all he could see was a red smear. He remembered to blink five times and cross his eyes. As he uncrossed them, the smear turned into a dot. “I’m going to need you to breathe.” A voice said. Lorne looked over and jumped back at the sight of a green, scaly lizard-man with big black eyes and a long tail. “You’re seeing my avatar.” The technician said. “Am I in focus?”
“Uh, yeah.” Lorne said, surprised that he could hear his own voice while his head was submerged.
“Can you breathe okay?”
Lorne realized that the liquid around his head had turned to air. “Yeah, I can breathe.” He said.
“Good.” The lizard-man said. “Welcome to Escape Womb 2. You’ll experience a moment of disequilibrium as the room fills with substrate. Try not to puke.”
The lizard-man disappeared and Lorne was all alone in an expanse of nothingness. Without warning, the floor gave out beneath him and he dropped. He felt like he was upside down for a second, and then his feet landed on something hard. It took a moment for him to realize that he was no longer falling. He was standing upright again.
There was a machete in front of his face, duct-taped to a cardboard box. There were cardboard boxes all around him, stacked up high over his head. Up above it all, there was an industrial corrugated metal ceiling, like the one in the Rabbits Galore warehouse. He wondered if the Reality allowed him to see the real ceiling somehow, or if it was just a strategy to make him buy into the scenario. Lorne looked at his hands and saw that they were young, strong hands, with a much darker complexion than his own. He was wearing a gray button-up shirt, blue jeans, and black boots.
He did the obvious thing and got the machete off the cardboard.
He tried to climb the boxes to get his bearings, but they wouldn’t hold his weight and a tower of them came down over his head. He started to hack through them with the blade. The machete was super-sharp and sliced through the cardboard like it was air. Lorne picked a direction and swung and swung. He enjoyed the feeling of the cardboard giving way as he cleared a path toward whatever came next.
He swung down on a stack of boxes and felt the machete hit something solid on the other side. A girl screamed.
Lorne dropped the blade and pulled the cardboard away, revealing a child. She was maybe nine years old, with black hair, barefoot in a blue dress. He’d hacked off her arm just below the elbow and blood poured out of it. She looked up at Lorne, afraid, and cowered back away from him clutching at her bleeding stump. Lorne couldn’t help but feel pity for the digital figment, and he looked around for some way to help her, thinking it might lead to the next stage of the Reality.
The girl slumped down and passed out. Lorne went to her and pulled the belt off her dress. He stood in the girl’s blood and tied it around her arm as tight as he could. He knotted the makeshift tourniquet and then checked for a pulse on her neck. Nothing. He laughed at himself for getting caught up, and looked around, trying to figure out what he was ‘supposed’ to do. The girl had a small Hello Kitty backpack next to her, so he unzipped it and looked inside. There were two items in the backpack, a tube of cherry flavored lip-gloss and a loaded flare gun.
Lorne took the flare gun, pointed it toward the ceiling, and pulled the trigger. The gun HISSED loudly, but nothing came out. It was suddenly hot in Lorne’s hand and he dropped it on the cardboard which caught fire immediately. Lorne stomped at the fire but it spread too fast for him. He picked up his machete and began to hack with more urgency now. Smoke filled the space, and it got harder and harder to breathe. He hacked into a stack of boxes and found a wall of flames on the other side. He was surrounded by fire now, and the heat began to hurt his face and lungs. The fire got closer and closer and finally touched his face. A sharp, searing pain hit his arms and legs and then his whole body. He screamed and everything went black. The only thing left were a million little pinpricks of pain.
The pinpricks settled into the feeling of clothes, soft clothes, and a blanket. Lorne opened his eyes and saw that he was in a child’s room at night. He was in bed and he pulled the covers back and looked down at the body of a 6 or 7-year-old child. Light spilled in from the hallway and showed the room to be period —maybe early or mid-sixties. He could see a globe, some model rockets, and a Yankees flag on the wall. It looked like a later reimagining of the early sixties, like something from a nostalgic movie. Lorne got out of bed and went and looked out the door. There were loud voices coming from downstairs. He could smell cigarette smoke and it sounded like a party was going on.
Lorne didn’t know why his heart was racing as he went down the stairs in his bare feet and pajamas. There were a lot of people in the small living room, all holding drinks and smoking cigarettes and talking and laughing. It felt strange to be so small, but Lorne found it oddly familiar too. He moved unnoticed among the legs of the drunken, gregarious adults. In the kitchen, he was drawn to three women. They were having a conversation while they smoked and flicked their ashes into the sink. Lorne stood close to their bare legs and listened. It was gossip about another woman who had been fired from her job for having an affair. When the tallest of the three swung her arm back as she expressed disgust, the cherry of her cigarette landed right on Lorne’s cheek. He yelped and jumped back.
Their conversation stopped and three giant faces with bright red lips all looked down at him. “Oh honey! I’m so sorry!” The tallest one said. “I didn’t see you there. Aren’t you supposed to be in bed? Let me look at your cheek.” She crouched down in front of Lorne and took his face in her hands, turning it toward the light. “It doesn’t look burnt, but it must’ve hurt like the dickens!” Her friends all clucked and shook their heads. Lorne couldn’t help but notice that he had a clear view up the woman’s skirt. She turned his face so that he was looking directly toward her crotch. She was wearing pink underwear and he could see a wet spot in the center. “Well aren’t you cute!” She said. “I could just eat you up!”
The smell of her vagina, mixed with cigarettes and scotch, made Lorne dizzy. A voice called out from the other side of the party. “Is he bothering you? He’s supposed to be in bed.”
The woman stood and took Lorne’s little hand. “Don’t worry about it honey, I’ll take him up.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah, it’s okay. I’ll tuck the little guy in.”
The woman’s two friends giggled as he was led out. Lorne heard one say something to the other about how Cath had found her date for the night. She took him back up the stairs and down the hall to his room. She closed the door behind them and sat Lorne on the edge of the bed. She crouched down in front of him, and once again, he had a clear view up her skirt. The wet spot had grown.
“Alright my little man, the adults are having some grownup-time downstairs.” She said. “You’re probably very curious but you need to stay up here and try to get some sleep, okay?” She put her hand on Lorne’s leg and smiled at him. “I remember exactly what it was like to be your age. I used to be curious about what my parents and their friends were up to while I was supposed to be asleep too. Luckily, I had an older brother to fill me in…but you’re an only-child, huh?”
Lorne nodded.
The woman looked at the door and then back at Lorne. She was still smiling. “Well, if you’re really curious, I could show you something that adults do when there are no kids around, but I need you to promise not to tell anyone what I did, okay? When grownups do things, they don’t go around talking about it afterwards, they keep it a special secret. Can you do that?”
Lorne nodded. He was sweating and shaking and hard under his pajamas. “Okay then, take off all your clothes.” She said. Lorne got up and took his clothes off. He stood there naked and erect and he noticed the room seemed bigger and the woman did too —he barely came to her knees. She lifted him with one hand and stood him on the bed, and then she kneeled so that her huge face was level with his body. Her breath smelled like smoke and alcohol. “Put your little stiffy right here on my tongue.” She said. “Go ahead, it will feel good.” She stuck her tongue out and her cavernous mouth seemed to grow in front of him. Or maybe, Lorne thought, I’m shrinking.
He stepped forward to her giant tongue and pressed himself up against it. It was soft and warm on his hairless bare skin and he hugged it tight. As he started to grind on it, she stood, lifting him. He felt her mouth close against his back and warm saliva made everything slippery. A quiver in his toes came up through his body to the crown of his head and he was rocked by a powerful orgasm. With every wave of pleasure, he moved deeper and deeper until he was sliding, headfirst, down her throat. When his orgasm subsided, he was in her stomach —a soft little space. He turned around in the darkness until he found some light. He could see right up her throat and out her mouth.
He felt the woman pat her stomach. “Yummy!” She said.
Lorne curled up in the space as the woman went back down the stairs. The sound of the party was muffled now, but he heard his ‘mother’ ask if he’d been a pest. “Oh no, he’s a little angel!” The woman answered. “Can I bum one of those?” There was some movement and then the space went dark as she inhaled cigarette smoke. He heard the woman thank someone and then cold liquid poured down on him. It was scotch, and it kept coming steadily in waves until Lorne was up to his neck in it. He sloshed around for awhile and the space periodically went dark as she took drags from her cigarette. Lorne noticed that the level of the scotch was going down. He looked around, trying to see where the liquid was going. When the woman opened her mouth to say something, light came in and Lorne could see little openings all around him, like little mouths, and each one was gulping down scotch as quickly as it could.
Lorne was pushed this way and that as the woman mingled. More cigarettes, more scotch and more conversation. Lorne watched as much as he could from her mouth, and he listened. He gathered that two men were trying to pick up the woman who’d swallowed him and the one who was supposed to be his mother. There were whispered conversations about nightcaps in hotel suites, and the mother’s husband being passed out.
There was a car ride, another cigarette, and then the two women were in a hotel lobby. They separated from their dates, saying they were going to freshen up in the lobby bathroom and meet the men up in the suite. “I feel sick.” The woman told Lorne’s mother when they were alone together in the bathroom. “It must have been something I ate.”
She went into a stall and sat down, and the shape of Lorne’s space in her stomach started to change. It was tighter, and the soft wall behind him seemed to be pushing his head forward. He was finally pushed upside down, and he could feel one of the tiny scotch-drinking mouths opening up at the top of his head. He was being pushed and sucked simultaneously, down into the woman’s bowels. He travelled down and around and down again, until he could feel his head breach a giant asshole.
He saw the two huge mounds of her hairy vagina. One of his shoulders came out and she started spraying piss like a fire-hose. As soon as his other shoulder was free, he slipped all the way out and fell into the piss-filled water. He tried to move his arms and legs, but he didn’t have them anymore, and he floated there helplessly as the woman stood and pulled up her pink underwear and skirt. She looked down at Lorne, horrified. “Oh my god, look at this!” She said as she opened the stall door. “It’s your son!”
Lorne’s ‘mother’ came into the stall and looked down at him, disgusted. “Oh god, it’s awful! Flush it, flush it!”
The woman, still frowning, reached over and pushed the lever. The water took Lorne around and around in the bowl, and then down the pipe. It curved and dropped like a water slide, and Lorne picked up more and more speed, and was finally shot out into a vast, dark ocean. He needed to take a breath, but he wasn’t sure which direction was up. He could vaguely see a light below him and he had arms and legs again, so he swam toward the light.
He broke the surface and saw that he’d been swimming toward the moon. The air was warm, and Lorne looked around at an idealized nighttime scene. There were a billion visible stars, and the moon was full, and much larger than it ever looked in real life. A soft breeze was blowing, and Lorne turned himself around in the water. There was a small tropical island not far away. He began to swim toward it.
A loud THUD from above stopped him, and he looked up to see an old-fashioned 747 jumbo jet airplane, with fire and smoke coming from one of its wings. It was on a downward trajectory, headed his direction. He began to swim away from the line of the plane, and then turned in time to see it hit the water about 20 feet from him. He ducked under the surface —his vision underwater was clear like he was wearing goggles— and he was close enough to see people’s panicked, terrified faces in the cabin. The flaming wing ripped off the wreck, and the light that illuminated the passengers’ faces blinked out. The plane went hurtling into the dark, toward the bottom. Lorne treaded water, waiting to see if any survivors would swim up, but nothing came to the surface, not even a piece of wreckage.
Lorne swam to the island. His limbs felt heavy as he got out of the water. He wasn’t wearing a shirt, and all he had on were ripped shorts that looked like what a castaway would wear in a one-panel cartoon. Palm trees swayed and bugs in the small jungle hummed and chirped. The greenery extended up to a craggy rock cliff. He laid on the beach, flat on his back, and looked up at the stars, which moved across the night sky much faster than real stars. He sat up when he heard the same thud as before, and saw another 747 leaving a trail of smoke on its way to the ocean. It splashed down into the water and disappeared.
Lorne sat there for awhile and thought about the strange repetition. He was in a trial Reality, so he thought it might be some kind of glitch. He got up and walked on the beach, looking for someone or something to interact with. He noticed that the moon looked odd. Its features, the craters and ridges that gave it texture, were rotating. It was as if the whole moon was slowly turning. It reminded him of something, and as he tried to think what it was, he heard the now-familiar thud of the airplane’s engine exploding again. He stopped and watched the plane crash for the third time.
An egg timer. That was what the moon reminded him of. Lorne climbed up onto a large rock and sat. The faint smell of some tropical flower came to him on the breeze. He heard the airplane’s engine thud yet again. As he watched the plane crash, he pondered the cyclical nature of the environment. The moon was turning at the same rate that the stars were moving, and he assumed that the plane crash happened when they were at the same position each cycle. He enjoyed the way the night air felt on his skin and the sounds of the island and the ocean.
The moon was the focal point of this scene, so he figured whatever he was supposed to do probably involved the moon. It looked kind of bulbous, almost like you could touch it —so that’s what Lorne did. He reached up and tapped it like a button. It stopped rotating and changed color, taking on a red tint. Something else strange, all the noise and movement around him stopped. He looked around and saw that the waves were frozen mid-break. He reached up and tapped the moon again and it all started back up.
He sat there until he heard the thud, and then he tapped the moon and stopped time. The doomed airplane was frozen in the sky. He thought about somehow using this moon-switch to rescue the passengers. He tapped the moon again and restarted time, then, on an impulse, double-tapped it. The moon turned green and began rotating the other way. At first, Lorne didn’t notice the difference, but when he heard the sound of the thud getting sucked back into the plane’s engine, he knew that time was moving backward. He double tapped the moon again and it blinked to its normal color. The plane’s engine exploded and Lorne saw how he could level-up off the island.
He stopped time when the airplane was almost in the water. He ran down the beach and dove into the still waves. The stationary water felt strange, like he was swimming in jello, but it didn’t give any more resistance than regular water. Lorne swam out close to the airplane, and then started time again.
The plane plunged into the ocean and Lorne ducked under the surface and looked at all the scared faces in the cabin. He waited until the wing ripped off, then came up and tapped the moon stopping time. He took a deep breath and swam down toward the soon-to-be wreck. The wing was mostly off, and it was taking part of the fuselage wall with it. The hole looked big enough, so Lorne got his feet in. He pulled himself through the gash in the airplane into the cabin where he could breath again. It smelled like fuel and smoke mixed with seawater. The people were frozen in helpless terror, and Lorne tried not to look at them. He opened an overhead compartment, pulled down a small travel bag, and unzipped it. There were men’s clothes inside but they were too big for him. He pulled another bag down and found a t-shirt and some pants that looked about right. He quickly put them on, leaving his tattered shorts in the aisle.
He had to push past a silently shrieking woman to get into a window seat at the back of first-class. He buckled his seat belt and looked out the window. Even through the glass and water, the moon was clear and distinct. He double-tapped it and sent the whole scene into a deafening chaotic reverse. Almost everyone was sucking in screams and the whole scene shuddered as the wing slammed back into place. The plane lifted out of the water tail-first and the screaming got a little quieter. The woman next to Lorne was staring at him with hostility. He shook his head at her and she sucked a bunch of loud, desperate-sounding words into her mouth and then went back to looking up the aisle.
The unscreaming and revocalizations got louder and louder until a POP silenced everything except the dull hum of regular engine noise. Lorne was now on a regular commercial flight, only in reverse. He watched a man across the aisle uneating his dinner, constructing pieces of chicken with his mouth and spitting them onto his fork. Lorne was afraid someone else would try to talk to him, so he pretended to be asleep.
He peeked when he felt someone standing in the aisle by his row. It was a flight attendant and she was looking directly at him. He shrugged and gave her a noncommittal wave, and then after a beat, she gobbled a bunch of word into her mouth. He started to say “I don’t understand” but then stopped when he realized that his words were being sucked into his mouth from her perspective. He put his head back down and pretended to be asleep again. He felt the flight attendant nudge him and then she started backward-talking to the woman sitting next to him. Finally the flight attendant left and his neighbor tried to shake him awake by herself, unsaying something that sounded concerned. Lorne kept his eyes closed tight and his head down and she eventually left him alone.
When the wheels touched down on the tarmac, Lorne opened his eyes. The plane taxied around backwards for awhile and then stopped at the terminal. He watched as the people in coach all walked backwards past him and out the door. The sun was coming up in the west, but Lorne could still see the big moon out the window. It was still slowly rotating in the sky.
When it was his turn, he got up and went sideways down the aisle and out the hatch. He tried to walk backward in the tunnel that led up to the airport, but it was too tricky, so he just walked forward as normal and let the people all stare at him in confusion. From their perspective he was boarding a plane walking backwards, so they probably thought he was a nut. He went to a big window next to the gate and looked out at the moon. He double-tapped it and everyone lurched into forward motion.
Lorne was relieved.
He looked around the airport. The signage was in English, and the people looked American although from an earlier time period, like the late teens or early twenties. Some were looking at old s-screens that they would no-doubt refer to as ‘cell phones.’ He felt a tap on his shoulder and turned and jumped at the sight of the lizard-man. “We have to cut your session short.” The lizard said.
“What? Why?”
“The police are here.” He said. “They’re asking for you.” Lorne thought about running but then remembered he was in a small room filled with nanosphere substrate. He’d be running in place. “You gave us a false name.” Lizard-man said. “That nullifies your right to a refund.”
The airport slowly transformed into a featureless void.



16
The freak found 20 platinum coins in the frozen fish. Each one had the Branch seal on one side and Sarah Mann’s head on the other. The coins were one troy ounce, and a quick search showed that they were worth a little over seven thousand dollars each for a total value of $140,000 —if she could find a way to convert them. She’d spent all the cash in her wallet on a hotel room for the night, and she’d used the little hair dryer in the bathroom to defrost the fish in the sink. She sat on the edge of the bed with the coins spread out next to her and called the closest thing to a friend she had. She told him that the fossil was dead.
“I heard. My boss already moved me to another account.” Xavier said.
“Already? It just happened last night.”
“This morning we got an official notice that all activity on the Collected Time account was to stop. I don’t know how they found out.”
“What should I do?” The freak asked.
“I don’t know.” Xavier said. “What does anyone do in your situation? Are you handling the funeral?” 
“Nobody said anything about it. They made me identify the body, but I don’t know where they took it. He was still technically married to someone else.”
“Well then his spouse would probably be the only one allowed to make decisions.” Xavier said. “I don’t know what to tell you.”
“I’m in a hotel room in the valley, but I only had enough money for one night.” She said. “That’s why I called you, I need some advice.”
“Did you get kicked out of that beautiful apartment?”
“Yeah.” She said. “I guess he owed taxes.”
“That explains why we stopped work on your account.” Xavier said. “If the feds seized his assets, that would include your Reality.”
“You don’t think they’ll release it? It was supposed to ship today.”
“I sincerely doubt it.” Xavier said. “The federal government isn’t in the VR business.”
“But what good does it do them to sit on a Reality that’s ready to go? All they have to do is push a button and it will make truckloads of money. It would probably pay off his debt and then some.”
“You think tax collection is about raising money? Don’t be naïve. They print the money. To them, an unpaid debt is worth more than a pile of cash because they can use it to make people do things. They’re not going to release your Reality. You don’t have any money?”
“No.” She said. “But don’t worry, I’m not hitting you up for a loan. I just need to know where I can unload some Branchian coins. They’re platinum. They were all I could get out of the apartment.”
“You mean actual physical coins?”
“Yeah.” She said. “I need money. If I don’t sell these coins, I’ll get booted out of this hotel room.”
“Okay, let me make some calls.”
“Thanks.” The freak said. “I’ll be waiting.”

A knock on the door startled her out of a fitful sleep. She’d been watching some kids play a 5th gen Reality on one of the streaming sites and dozed off on the bed. She thought maybe it was Xavier at first, but then she remembered she hadn’t told him where she was. She shoved the coins into her backpack and went to the door.
“Who is it?” She asked, trying to sound tough.
“We’d like to talk to you.” A man’s voice said. “We worked with Bastiaan van Dijk. It won’t take long.”
The freak opened the door and saw two men who looked like police detectives from an old movie, minus the fedoras. One was short and one was tall —brains and brawn personified. “Are you the government?” She asked.
“No,” the tall one said, “we’re from the Mannish Authority. We had some business dealings with Bastiaan.”
“I don’t know anything about it.” The freak said. “He kept me in the dark.”
“It’s okay.” The short one said. “That’s not what we wanted to talk to you about. Can we come in?”
The freak stepped aside and let the two men enter. She shut the door behind them. The short one leaned against the desk and the other one pulled the chair out and sat. She thought maybe they knew about the coins somehow, but she couldn’t imagine the Authority sending thugs to collect such a small amount of money. “What can I do for you?” She asked as she sat on the arm of the plush chair across from the desk.
“Bastiaan van Dijk was working for us.” The man said. He seemed tall even seated. “But he disappeared about a month ago. It made our supervisors nervous. He took something very valuable, and we wanted it back.”
“A brain implant?” The freak asked.
He frowned at her. “No.” He said. “We tracked him here to Los Angeles, but he died before we could recover what he took.”
“I don’t even know what it is,” she said, “let alone where to find it. Like I said, he kept me in the dark.”
“That’s not why we’re here.” The tall one said.
“I figured it was you.”
“What do you mean?”
“He told me he was going to stop dealing with you, and then he died.” She shook her head. “Cause of death: unknown. Dollars to dildos you Mannish freaks had something to do with it.”
“We didn’t.” The short one said. 
“The overworld eliminated him.” The tall one said. “He made a bet that didn’t pay off. Whatever the purpose of our world is, he was not a critical part of it. It was easier for them to eliminate him than to make a deal.”
“At least we agree it wasn’t natural causes.” The freak said. “It’s like believing in god isn’t it? Your Mannish ideology? Anything that happens, you can say the overworld works in mysterious ways.”
“I hope your skepticism won’t prevent us from coming to a mutually beneficial arrangement.” The tall one said.
“Like what? I already told you, I don’t know where it is.” The freak’s s-screen pinged on the bed, and she picked it up and saw that it was Xavier. “Excuse me.” She said. “I’ve gotta take this.” She accepted the call.
“I’m assuming you want this transaction off the books?” Xavier said.
“Yeah.”
“Okay, my cousin Marco can help you out. Just let me know where he can find you.”
“I’m at the Sunny Lane Inn on Ventura Boulevard in the valley. Room 217.” She said.
“Room 217, got it.” He said. “Give him a couple of hours.”
“Okay, thanks.” She tossed the screen back onto the bed and looked at the two men. “I have a prostitute coming over.” She said. “You were about to tell me what you’re doing here…”
“Bastiaan van Dijk seemed to think that you were a first-tier AI in this simulation.” The tall one said. “We believe that was why he found you and wanted to work with you.”
“That’s offensive as hell.” The freak said. “He liked my poetry and asked me if I had any VR scripts. He happened to run a VR company so...”
“Do you know how many other non-digital writers he’d worked with before you?” The small one asked. He had a smug look on his face. “Zero. None. You were the only writer he ever worked with on this plane of existence. What does that tell you?”
“That he liked my work.” The freak said.
“Maybe.” The tall one said. “Or maybe he wanted to use you to ascend.”
“That’s funny, you Mannishians thinking that Bastiaan was using me. He was using you. He didn’t believe any of your shit. I never heard him talk about Sarah Mann or any of that brainrot. Not once.”
“Judging from your current circumstances,” the small one said, “he didn’t leave you well-provided for. You probably have material needs that we can accommodate. We can set you up in an apartment and give you a generous monthly stipend. All we ask in exchange is that you stop writing. That’s it.”
“You want to pay me to stop writing?” She asked.
“That’s right.” He said. “We would ask you to sign a legal document that says that you will resume your creative work when the Mannish Authority okays it. If you really are a first-tier AI, the overworld will have to contact us to get you back online. We’d essentially be like your agents. They would have to give us minor concessions in exchange for your work.”
“Well that’s an interesting offer.” She said. “But I’ll have to sleep on it.”
“You’re trying to get rid of us.” He said. “You don’t seem to understand the privileged position you’re in.”
“Oh, I’m honored, believe me. I don’t think you guys are creeps or anything. I’ll give it some serious thought and get back to you.” The freak got up and walked to the door. “Be sure to leave your contact information in my system.”
The two men saw that it was time to go. On their way to the door, the tall one sniffed and stuck his head in the bathroom. He took his partner by the arm and pulled him over to look at the raw fish in the sink.
They looked at the freak.
She just smiled at them and held the door open.



17
The old gun-charge was thrown out under the Baker Act because there was no victim to press charges. The LAPD wasn’t citizen-driven, they still roamed the streets looking for people to arrest, but the courts couldn’t put Lorne in jail unless there was someone willing to testify against him. Usually the cops would hire a straw victim, but since the arrest was such a long time ago, there was no one they could put on the stand who would have any credibility.
Lorne had spent two nights in a light pink cinder-block cell. On the morning after his second night, he was asked to sign various papers pertaining to his crime, his arrest, and the dismissal of his case. He declined the offer of a free bus ticket to Encino and was instead released onto the street in front of the jail, which was down near the docks in Long Beach.
He summoned a public car on his s-screen, and then saw the message from his sister:
You doing hits now?
Lorne called her.
“I saw the news about your guy.” She said. “What happened?”
“About Bastiaan? I don’t know, I’ve been in jail.” Lorne said. “What about him?”
“He’s dead. What were you in jail for?”
“A gun-charge from the thirties.” He said. “But it was dropped. Thank god for Senator Baker. What happened to Bastiaan?”
“All I know is that he’s dead. He’d been living in a big apartment in Los Angeles. The feds immediately seized all his assets for back taxes.”
“There goes the rest of my fee.” Lorne said.
“But you found him didn’t you?”
“No,” he said, “I think I was pretty close, but then I got arrested.”
“I’ve been monitoring the Industrial activity around Bastiaan’s estate since I heard.” Lula said. “There’s been some interest in what he was up to…”
The public car pulled up and Lorne climbed in the back. “Take me to the nearest restaurant that serves breakfast.” He said.
“What?” Lula asked.
“Sorry I was talking to the car.” Lorne said. “Do you think it was my employers who did the job?”
The car spoke at the same time as Lorne’s sister, drowning out her answer. “I’m sorry I didn’t catch that.” It said in a friendly female voice. “Can you please repeat the question?”
“Hold on Lu.” He leaned forward toward the mic on the dashboard. “Take me to the nearest restaurant that serves breakfast.” He said. The car started to move. “I’m going to talk to my sister now, so you can stop listening.” The car responded in the affirmative. “What were you saying?” Lorne asked Lula.
“I was saying that it was probably your competitor Bryson Hendricks that killed him.”
“Fuck.” Lorne said. “Well at least I don’t have to feel guilty. If it was the Mannishians, I led them to his doorstep, but if it was the Industry, hey… What could I have done?”
“You’re assuming Bryson Hendricks is Industry?”
“You said he was a softbot.”
“I said I wasn’t sure. I thought it was a possibility.” Lula said.
“So gimme some other possibilities.” Lorne said.
“I’m not going to speculate, but I can tell you that the feds handed over van Dijk’s server farm down in San Diego to an Industrial tech cadre that works on simulated realities…” 
“So the Industry benefitted.”
“Yeah, but this tech cadre had a security problem right away.” Lula said. “The Mannishians had infiltrated van Dijk’s system. You said they were after a memory cache?”
“Yeah but over five yottabytes.” Lorne said. “Decentralized. That much memory couldn’t be housed in one server farm.”
“Okay, but maybe there’s something in there that would help them get it.” Lula said.
“I wonder if they found what they were looking for…”
“I don’t think so.” She said. “If they’d found it, they would’ve gotten out. They’d actually physically entered the building and set up a remote access backdoor right after van Dijk’s death. The breach was still active when the Industry cadre shut it down.”
“So all that memory’s still up for grabs.” Lorne said.
“Be careful. Those Mannishians would kill you without a second thought.”
“Yeah.” Lorne said. “What’s a little murder and treachery when you’re sorting out the mysteries of the universe?”

A Denver omelet smothered in hot sauce along with a sizable mound of home fries was just what Lorne needed. He perused the news stories about Bastiaan van Dijk’s death and sipped weak coffee in the noisy diner. Each article mentioned that Bastiaan had been living in an apartment with a young VR writer named Adele Milovich. He wondered how much she might know.
As Lorne drank his coffee, he tried to imagine the kind of advanced encryption system Bastiaan van Dijk might’ve used to keep the memory secure. It wouldn’t be anything that he’d heard of before. He needed to talk to someone closer to Bastiaan’s technical level to figure out what it might be and how to get past it.
He decided to look for a liquor store.

Lorne rang Will Kibbon’s doorbell and waited. He’d bought a bottle of soy vodka, the expensive kind, not the cheap stuff Kibbon had served him the last time. A woman in her late fifties opened the door. She wore a short satin robe that showed off her long bare legs. Her hair was dyed black and she had dark circles under her eyes —she looked hung-over. “You killed Billy’s friend.” She said. “He wants to know why the hell he should let you in.”
“’Cause I brought him the good stuff.” Lorne said holding up the bottle of Saldana Soy Vodka. “Plus, I was in lockup when Bastiaan was murdered so I couldn’t have done it.”
She took the bottle from Lorne and looked it over. “Okay, I’ll tell him.” She shut the door in his face and Lorne stood there for a long five minutes while she relayed his message. Finally Kibbon opened the door. He wasn’t showing off his platinum dental work this time.
“Pretty big coincidence don’t you think? You come here looking for my friend, then boom: he’s dead. I should’ve told you to kick rocks.”
“I know.” Lorne said. “It looks bad. I was working for the Mannish Authority, but I’m pretty sure they’re not the ones who killed him...”
“Based on what?” Kibbon shook his head at Lorne. “Why would they tell you if they were planning a hit? They probably just needed you to find him.”
“But I hadn’t found him.” Lorne said. “And all they wanted was to get their memory back. Let me in and I’ll tell you everything I know.”
The old man opened the door and Lorne entered. Kibbon introduced the woman in the robe as Marcela, and then he and Lorne sat at the countertop that divided the living room from the kitchen while she went about making a pitcher of Bloody Marys with the good vodka. Lorne explained to Kibbon about the yottabytes and the Mannish agents breaking into the server farm in San Diego. “Where’s the Tabasco?” Marcela asked.
“I don’t have Tabasco, just use the Tapatío.” Kibbon said.
“It’s not going to taste right with that shit.” She said.
“It’s better.” Kibbon said. “It has more flavor.”
“Maybe,” she said, “but it’s not as hot.”
“Well put some crushed red pepper in there or something. There’s a shaker in the cupboard.” He looked at Lorne. “If it were me, I’d use bio-encryption.”
“Like at the bank?” Lorne asked.
“Same idea, but banks only use five data points: posture, gait, facial features, voice print and retina scan. Bastiaan’s encryption would’ve been more complicated. In fact, he probably used the most complex system he had access to: his brain. But the problem with that kind of encryption is verification. See you need to create a neural mirror to check your brain’s response against. That’s gotta be what they’re looking for.” Marcela had poured three Bloody Marys and she handed one to Lorne and one to Kibbon.
“What’s a neural mirror?” Lorne asked.
“If Bastiaan wanted to access the memory, the system would have to check his brain against something to make sure it’s him, right? It would check his responses against a neural mirror, which is supposed to be a clean copy of his neural network at that specific moment in time.”
Lorne sipped his drink and raised an eyebrow at Marcela, who was leaning against the stove listening to them. “That’s a good fuckin’ Bloody.” He said.
“Look at that Billy,” she said, “a gentleman.”
Kibbon took a sip, thought about it, and shrugged.
“Why wouldn’t they have found it?” Lorne asked. “They had access to the servers.”
“Maybe it wasn’t there, or maybe they didn’t have time. They’d have to check every first-tier neural network. That could take months.” Kibbon took another sip. “Anyway, Bastiaan wouldn’t put his mirror in the most obvious place.” He said. “He probably had it stashed somewhere they would never look for it. I doubt it’s in those servers.”
“But even if they found it, how would they unlock the memory?” Lorne asked. “Could they do it with a mirror of the mirror?”
“No.” Kibbon said. “But that’s not why they’re looking for it.” He waited a moment to see if Lorne would come up with the answer. Lorne shook his head. “A person’s network changes over time,” Kibbon said, “so a neural mirror needs to be continuously updated or it’ll stop working. That means the old bastard most likely had an implant that was updating his mirror. I bet they want to find it because they think it’s still being updated from somewhere…”
“They think he faked his death?”
“These are Mannish zealots,” Kibbon said, “so they probably think it’s being updated from the overworld. Maybe they’re right, who knows? But I’m sure they’d pay good money to someone who could show them where that mirror was.”
“How would you find it if you were me?” Lorne asked.
“If I were you, I’d get someone who had some knowledge in this stuff and offer them a 70-30 split on the proceeds.”
“Nah.” Lorne said. “I never go higher than 50-50.” 
“Alright, but you do the legwork.” He said. “Looking for the mirror is stupid, it could be anywhere, but we know where the other end of it is —at least on our level of reality…”
“In his brain.”
“Right. So we get his brain and send a signal through that will call us from wherever it lands. We do the same thing to find corruptions in programming language all the time. When it finds what it’s looking for, it sends out its location and you know where the problem is.”
“But…”
“But we need his brain. I guess that could be a snag. I think they legally have to hold unclaimed corpses for a month, so there’s a good chance he’s still at the morgue.”
“You want me to get his body?” Lorne asked.
“No, no, we don’t need his whole body. Just his head.”
“You two are a couple of creeps.” Marcela said.
“And you put too much Worcestershire sauce in these Bloody Marys.” Kibbon said.



18
Marcus was tall and thin and wore brand new clothes —a black hoodie, purple pants and bright silver high-tops. He looked about 35 years old. “You’re Xavier’s cousin?” The freak asked.
“Yeah, second cousin actually.” He said. “You have some Branchian metal you’re trying to sell?”
“That’s right come on in.” She opened the hotel room door. “Can we do it today? I need the money to pay for this room.”
“It shouldn’t be a problem. Let me take a look at it first.” He said. “There’s been some counterfeits going around.”
“These aren’t counterfeit.” She said. She took the coins out of her backpack and spread them out on the bed. “There’s twenty.”
He picked one up, felt its weight and looked at it. He did the same with another. “Are they numbered consecutively?” He asked.
“No.” The freak answered.
“Good.” He said. “I’m assuming you can’t just sell these back to a Branch hub.”
“That’s right,” she said, “I’d like to keep the transaction quiet.”
He nodded as if distracted by an internal monologue. He leaned over and scooped up all the coins. “Okay.” He said. “Let’s go.”
They got in his 1983 Ford Crown Victoria which had been tricked out with giant whitewall tires and green ground-FX lights. The seats were red pleather, and the freak put her seatbelt on as he started the car. It had been converted to a battery/convection engine and the fluid that ran through pipes along the undercarriage made a wooshing sound as he pulled out. He looks like a drug addict, the freak thought. He was too thin, and everything he did seemed to require him to overcome some internal barrier first —like turning onto the main road was an exhausting chore that had to be done. “How much do you think we can get for the coins?” She asked him.
“Depends.” He said. “At the Race Mall, there’s a woman who give 60% of market value if the stuff’s not on any hot-list. We’ll try her first.”
Driving the car was taking all of his energy, so she didn’t ask any more questions. The Race Mall was just south of downtown in what used to be a textile factory. The old building had a large gravel parking lot surrounded by a high chain link fence with barbed wire spiraled along the top. The inside of the warehouse was the legitimate market, a place where merchants could rent stalls. It was well-lit and relatively clean compared to the parking lot, where people sold things out of the trunks of their cars. The freak had been there once with the fossil when they were furnishing their apartment. The fossil had bought an oriental rug. She thought the transaction had been crooked and that they’d probably been cheated, but the fossil seemed to think that he’d gotten a bargain on some hot merchandise.
Marcus parked his car in an alley a block away. They walked in silence to the open gate of the disreputable half of the Race Mall. There were witchy apothecaries, stacks of computerized gizmos, second and third hand clothing, and crates of ancient vinyl LPs. Everything was for sale and all the ‘shops’ came with at least two shady proprietors. Marcus and the freak crunched along on the gravel and turned up a side lane. They stopped at a VW van with a bead curtain hanging in the open driver’s side window. Marcus knocked on the frame and a hand moved the beads, revealing a white woman’s fleshy red face. “Is Frankie ’round?” Marcus asked.
“Nah, but Horace is still here.” She said. “Is your friend crucial to the transaction?”
“Yeah.” Marcus said. “She’s a preferred customer.”
The woman nodded. “Okay, you’re greenlit for two.” She said.
“Why am I a preferred customer?” The freak asked as Marcus led her to the back of the van.
“It’s a Race Mall thing.” He said. “It means I know you’re not a cop.” He opened the back door of the van and the freak climbed in. The first thing she saw was a man in a ski mask sitting on a folding chair with an Uzi on his lap. Marcus climbed in and closed the door behind him. It was a hot afternoon, but the temperature inside the van was pleasant. A Hispanic man with a shaved head, who the freak assumed was Horace, sat behind a mahogany desk that had been cut down to fit in the small space. There was a beanbag chair on the other side. “Sit.” Horace said to Marcus.
“Where’s Frankie at?” He asked. He pushed the beanbag chair back and sat on it. The freak stood, awkwardly hunched over.
“She leaves at 3:30 to meet her daughter’s bus.” He said. “She doesn’t get back ’till five, five-thirty.”
“How much can you give us for Branch platinum?” Marcus asked.
“Is it stolen?”
Marcus looked at the freak.
“It’s not stolen.” The freak said.
“’Cause we check the serial numbers against the hot metal list. Are we talking about coins or bars?”
“Coins.” Marcus said.
“How many?” Horace asked.
“Tell us how much you’ll give us first.” He said.
“Fifty percent of market.” Horace said.
“Aww man, Frankie pays sixty.”
“Not right now.” He said. “We bought some gold off this skinny Brazilian dude last week and the minute he walked out the serial numbers turned up on the hot list. We had to smelt that shit down. We lost money on the deal.”
Marcus took one of the coins out of his pocket and slid it across the desk. “How’s that look?”
Horace picked it up and felt its weight. “How many?”
“20.” Marcus said.
“We don’t carry that much cash in the van.” He said. “We’ll have to walk over to headquarters.” He stood up, but Marcus blocked his way, holding his hand out for the coin.
Horace shrugged and handed it over. The masked Uzi toter opened the back door and the freak and the two men climbed out into the lingering heat of the early evening. Marcus and the freak followed Horace out of the Race Mall parking lot, and they walked toward downtown in silence. They followed Horace into an old, formerly expensive, apartment complex near the ruins of the Tik Tok Center. They went through a lobby that smelled like wet dust to a back stairwell and up one flight. Horace turned to them on the landing. “You guys can’t go in there.” He said. “They’re on some serious security shit. Gimme the coins.”
“Nah.” Marcus said. “We’re not fuckin’ tourists. You’re not gonna burn us like that.”
“Whoa, whoa!” Horace held up his hands. “Nobody’s burning anybody. Come on. Look at it from their perspective. You think they want a bunch of random people tromping through their illegal exchange operation?”
“I don’t care.” Marcus said. “We stay with the coins until we have the money or it’s no deal.”
“Are you serious?” Horace shook his head. “Fuck man, this was a waste of time then. We can go right now.”
“I need to sell those coins.” The freak said. “Where do you have to go with them?”
“The apartment’s on this floor.” Horace said. “They’ll weigh the coins, check the serial numbers, give me the money and I’ll come back out. It’ll take ten minutes, tops.”
“Ten minutes?” She asked.
“That’s right…”
“No.” Marcus said. “There’s no way the coins leave our sight until we have the money.”
Horace made an exasperated noise. “Well, one of you can come.” He said. “I’ll have to explain and apologize like a fuckin’ asshole. And they’ll have to search you for weapons.”
“Okay good.” Marcus said. He got the coins from his pocket and handed them to the freak. “Don’t let them take these until you have the money, understand?”
The freak pushed the coins back. “No, you should do it.” She said. “I’m not good in tense situations.”
“You sure?” Marcus asked.
“Yeah, go ahead. I’ll wait here.” She said.
“Okay,” he said. He put the coins back in his pocket. He nodded to Horace and they went out together. There were two apartment doors in the hallway and the freak noted which one they went to before the stairwell door closed. She looked at her s-screen to see what time it was.
Ten minutes. That was how long she had to wait.
After fifteen minutes she was getting worried.
After twenty she was cursing herself and Marcus and Horace and Frankie too, wherever she was.
After half an hour had passed, she knew that she’d been played. She left the stairwell and went to the door she’d seen the men go to. She knocked, waited, heard nothing, and tried the handle. It opened on an empty apartment. It looked like no one had lived there for over a decade. There was dust on the floor and dirt on the walls and the lights didn’t work. She lit up the flashlight on her screen and pointed it at the ground. She could see the two men’s footprints in the dust. She followed them into the kitchen where there was a second door. She opened it, and saw a hallway leading to another stairwell. Preferred customer, she thought, how could I be so stupid?
 She descended the stairs and saw a couple of young women sitting on a rattan couch in the lobby. “Did you see two guys go by here?” She asked them.
“No.” One of them said without looking up.
The freak left the building and ran back to the Race Mall. It had gotten dark and the scene took on sinister dimensions. Every person there, every vendor and shopper, seemed to be a part of the conspiracy to fuck her out of the last cent she had in the world. She saw evil faces with cold, uncaring eyes. They watched her run to the spot where the VW van had been. There was nothing there. “FUCK!” She screamed. She looked around at the faces pointed her direction. “What the fuck are you looking at? You’re nothing but a bunch of goddamned thieves!”
She felt numb.
She walked on hollow feet to the front gate and out onto the sidewalk. She didn’t have enough money to hire a public car, but it didn’t matter because she didn’t have anywhere to go. The hotel would certainly have locked her out by then. They might’ve already boxed up what few possessions she’d had in the room so that they could rent it to somebody else.
She stood on the corner of Pico and South Figueroa and called Xavier. He didn’t answer. She hung up and sent him a message: Your cousin ripped me off! He stole the coins. I’m stranded downtown without a penny to my name because I trusted you! Call me!!!
She paced up and down the block, waiting for his reply. She rehearsed what she was going to say to him, knowing that she looked like a crazy person, walking back and forth muttering to herself. She decided to try to call him again, but her number had been blocked. She couldn’t send him a text either. The freak wanted to throw her screen at a passing car, but she restrained herself. She went up Pico and crossed under the freeway, not knowing where she was going.
Up around Vermont Avenue, she sat on a low wall and started to cry.
She kept thinking about the fossil and how he was probably still in that black body bag. She thought about what people were supposed to do when someone close to them died. There were rituals that were designed to provide comfort, but none of them were available to her. She felt that society would not let what had happened to her happen to one of its own. If she’d been an upright citizen instead of an outcast, maybe she could’ve called on some kind of support system. But her relationship with the fossil had been deeply untraditional. They’d never even talked about marriage so it would be silly for her to play the grieving widow now.
If I were still a Kibelian I’d have a support system, she thought. There’s even a phone number for sisters in trouble. She still had the number on her screen, but she’d never made it through the third school so she didn’t have any right to call it. There was also a number for women who weren’t Kibelians but needed help. It was connected with their network of women’s shelters. Fuck the Kibele Academy, she thought, they’re hypocrites. They promote rebellion and dissent, but then they force their members to think and act according to that philosophy. I should call the number and see if they’d help me. I could use them to get back on my feet and then tell them to fuck off.
She laughed bitterly through her tears, then got out her screen and called the number.



19
Lorne discovered that it was very easy to claim a dead body. He said he was Bastiaan van Dijk’s stepson and the clerk at the LA County Morgue believed him right away. No one checked his story. The problem was that he couldn’t just throw the corpse in the back of a rented van, as he’d hoped. The clerk would only release the body to someone licensed to transport the dead in the state of California. After some research, Lorne decided that it would be easier to use a mortuary than to try to fake the necessary documents. He found a place in South Pasadena called McGough’s Funeral Services that looked like it was privately owned and in need of a customer.
Sam McGough was a small man in his seventies who wore a dark gray suit with no tie. “Are you familiar with Restilian rituals for the dead?” Lorne asked him.
“No,” he said, “I buried a Raelian kid once, but his folks were Methodist, so it was a pretty typical funeral.”
“Restilian rituals are a lot different.” Lorne said. “I’ll need to be alone with the body for at least two to three hours.”
“That’s not a problem, you can use one of our smaller viewing rooms.” The man gestured to a side room, off the large room they were in. “I can shut the doors if you need some privacy.”
Lorne went over and looked at the room. “I’m sorry, it won’t do.” He said. “The chances of being disturbed are too high in here.”
“Hmm.” McGough thought for a moment. “I guess you could do it downstairs if you don’t mind the cold.”
Lorne followed the man down a back stairwell to a basement that had been converted into an embalming chamber. It had four metal tables on wheels lined up against the wall and there was a drain at the center of the cement floor. “This is perfect.” Lorne said.
Mr. McGough was pleased. “Once you’ve completed your rituals, what would you like done with the body?” He asked as he led Lorne back up the stairs.
“Ahh, well… After the ascension ceremony, it really doesn’t matter. Whatever’s the most inexpensive option is fine.”
He took Lorne into his office and gestured toward a chair on the other side of his desk. “The most inexpensive green option is insect recyclement.” They both sat and Mr. McGough folded his hands and looked serenely at Lorne. “Over the course of four months, insects make use of every soft part of the deceased. We then bury the skeleton in a memorial park up in Modesto. The final resting place is unmarked, but some families like to visit the park itself.”
“That’s the cheapest?”
“That’s our most inexpensive green option.” He said. “If finances are your primary concern, we could have the remains atomized. In that process, the body is fully disassembled by nanobots. It only takes twenty minutes and they dispose of both the flesh and the skeleton. The leftover carbon can be pressed into one of six shapes for display on your mantle, or made into a keychain.”
“I could have his remains pressed into a keychain?”
“The nanobots leave very little.” The man explained.
“That sounds great.” Lorne said. “Sign me up for a keychain.” He paid the deposit in cash, and Mr. McGough said he would send someone to pick up the body the next morning.
“Good, then I’ll come at eleven to do the ritual.” Lorne said.
“Are you going to send out notifications to the rest of the man’s family?”
“I’m pretty much it.” Lorne said. “Once I’ve done the rituals, you can give him to the nanobots. We don’t need a service.”
The funeral director was clearly disappointed, but he didn’t try to upsell Lorne.
Lorne took a public car from South Pasadena down to an Amazon self fulfillment center in Montebello. He typed in the items he needed: rubber gloves, a backpack, sanitary wipes, paper towels, trash bags, and a bone saw. The bone saw was rejected. The screen said that they could have it delivered to him by the next day at 8AM, but Lorne didn’t want to take any chances. A quick search told him that he could get a bone saw at a medical supply center in Eagle Rock. The hyperdrones set off to retrieve the other items from the immense warehouse.

Lorne found it necessary to cover Bastaan’s head with a trash bag before he began. He cinched it tight beneath the dead man’s chin, leaving his neck exposed. Bastiaan was naked under a thin sheet of blue paper on the metal table. His skin was pale and so cold that he felt almost frozen. Lorne’s brand new bone saw was cold too. It was made of thick stainless steel, and every node of the serrated edge was as sharp as a razor blade. It tore through Bastiaan’s neck easily.
Lorne was not prepared for the smell. He gagged but managed to keep himself from throwing up. The head wobbled back and forth with Lorne’s sawing motion so Lorne put his hand on it to keep it in place. He could feel Bastiaan’s nose under the trash bag, but he tried not to think about it. He kept moving the saw back and forth without putting any downward pressure on it. He let the blades do the work like his father had taught him when he was 12 years old. He’d made it through the neck bone and was sawing through the skin and tendons on the other side when he heard yelling upstairs.
He hacked at the remaining tissue until the head was completely detached, then quickly cinched up the trash bag with the head inside. It was heavier than he expected. He spun the bag around and knotted it as the angry voices got louder. They were coming down the stairs. He put Bastiaan’s bagged head back on the table and pulled the paper sheet up over it. He shoved the saw into his backpack as the door to the embalming room opened.
“EXCUSE ME!” Lorne shouted at the woman who entered. He realized it was van Dijk’s  estranged wife, Debra Esner as he continued his verbal assault. “I’m performing a religious rite, and I was promised privacy!”
Debra Esner was surprised to see Lorne, and she shook her head at his gall. McGough the funeral director stood behind her. “I’m sorry sir, she came in here waving her screen claiming to be the deceased’s sole heir.” He said.
“Are rubber gloves always necessary for religious rites?” Esner asked.
“Yes,” Lorne said, “the Restilian death ritual can get messy.”
“Bastiaan wasn’t a goddamned Restilian.” She said to Mr. McGough.
“It’s okay, it works anyway.” Lorne said.
She squinted at Lorne. “Who is it?” She asked. “Who are you working for?”
Lorne decided to stick with his original lie. “Bastiaan was married to my mother briefly in the late twenties.” He said. “He had a positive impact on my life and I was trying to reconnect with him when he died. I found out you were going to let the county incinerate him with the John Does, so I decided to pay for something that had a little more dignity.”
“After you defiled the corpse?” She asked.
“No one’s defiling any corpses on my watch…” McGough said.
“I’m preparing his body for resurrection on Earth 2.” Lorne said. “A man of his stature shouldn’t have to live another life on this garbage-planet.”
“I’m not buying it.” Esner said. “I would’ve known if Bastiaan had had a stepson —especially one that was a second-rate YouTube celebrity…”
“He has every legal right to prepare the remains in whatever way he chooses.” McGough said. “The body was unclaimed. If you have a problem, you should take it up with the county morgue.”
“We’ll just see what the law says.” She began furiously tapping at her screen.
Lorne looked at the mortician. “Mr. McGough, if I don’t finish my chants, Bastiaan is going to be stuck here for another lifetime.”
McGough took Debra Esner by the arm and guided her back to the door while she was calling the police. “Come on,” he said, “let the man chant in peace.”
Lorne could hear Esner begin to lay out the situation for the police officer on the other end of her screen as McGough took her up the stairs. Lorne got Bastiaan’s head and put it in the backpack but the zipper wouldn’t close with the saw in there. He pulled it out and the blade tore through the trash bag. “Shit!” He said. He zipped up the backpack and threw the saw and gloves in the trashcan. He opened the door to the embalming room quietly and crept up the stairs.
He could hear Mr. McGough trying to reason with Debra Esner in the main viewing-room, so he went the other way into the kitchen of the old house. He went out the back door as quietly as he could and ran up the driveway, ducking down at each window on his way. He made it to the empty suburban street and ran up the block. When he turned the corner he saw a police car so he slowed to a casual walk. The officer in the cruiser looked at him as it passed. When it turned behind him, Lorne ran again.
He cut through an alley and crossed into a business district. Once he was amongst the crowd, he began to relax a bit. It was early on a Saturday evening and there were a lot of shoppers around. Lorne mixed in with a throng of people waiting at an intersection for the light to change. As he stood there, he felt something unexpected: movement in the backpack. He thought it must be his imagination, but then he felt a definite shift.
The head was moving.
The light was still red and Lorne stood there, sick to his stomach. Could there be a muscular contraction of the neck or jaw that would move a severed head? He felt it again, another big shift, and he looked back. A dog had its mouth on the corner of the backpack, licking at it. Lorne pulled it around to the front and saw what had attracted the dog. Blood had seeped through the canvas. He looked back and saw a trail of red dots on the sidewalk marking his path.
The dog kept trying to get to the backpack, and the owner finally noticed and pulled it away by its leash. The fur around the dog’s mouth was stained red.
The light changed and as Lorne crossed the street, he noticed a drone about 30 feet above the intersection. He thought about the mark that the police officer had made on the back of his hand. It was still visible and since he’d been arrested it was now attached to his name. They could track him anywhere he went by that mark.
Lorne turned off the busy street, knowing that if he went west he’d eventually hit the Gold Line and could ride it downtown. He was back in a residential area, and he walked along the edge of the sidewalk so that the blood would drip into the gutter. He heard the hum of the drone somewhere above him, so he walked faster. When he got to the tracks he picked up a rock and scraped it across the back of his hand where the mark was, turning his skin red, then finally drawing blood. He kept scraping until all remnants of the mark had been removed. He looked up and didn’t see the drone anywhere, although he thought he could still hear it.
Lorne walked up the tracks until he came to a stop. It was a slab of concrete with a little shelter and a bum-proof bench. Lorne took off his backpack and sat. He peered up through the glass wall of the shelter, searching the sky for the drone. He strained his eyes but he couldn’t see it.
Lorne unzipped the backpack. He reached in and shifted the trash bag around so that the rip was pointing up. There was blood coating the bottom of the bag and some of it got on Lorne’s hand. Bastiaan’s blood mixed with his own from where he’d scraped the mark off. I sure hope you didn’t die with a dose of the super-g, Lorne whispered to Bastiaan’s head as he zipped the backpack closed. A train came down the tracks and Lorne was relieved. He wiped his hands off on his black pants.
Lorne waved his screen over the pay station and boarded the train. He looked at the crowded car and immediately noticed a familiar face. He kept his head down and walked past the man, trying to remember where he’d seen him before. There was an open seat near the rear of the car and Lorne sat and put the backpack on the floor between his feet. The man he’d recognized slid in next to him. “Blood!” The man said loudly. Lorne thought he was about to pass out. His heart started racing and he felt dizzy. “That’s how you make magic. The only real magic is making something out of nothing, and if it’s going to work, you need to spill some blood.”
Lorne finally recognized him —it was the man whose antics had gotten him tagged the day he’d arrived in Los Angeles. Lorne took out his screen and tapped in a free payment authorization. “Listen,” he said to the man, “get your screen out. I’m going to give you a 1000 dollar bump, ok? But it’s on one condition.”
The man squinted at Lorne as if trying to place him. “What condition?” The man asked.
“Silence.” Lorne said. “I want to ride downtown in complete silence.”
He looked like he was thinking it over. “Okay.” He said. He pulled out a prehistoric screen and unlocked it. Lorne gave him the bump and the man checked his new balance. He was about to thank Lorne, but then he remembered his promise. The man put his screen away and stared straight ahead for the rest of the ride.



20
“I’m not a fucking charity case, so don’t condescend to me.” The freak said. “I wrote and designed a Reality that would’ve made billions of dollars if it’d come out. I had a fifty percent stake in it. I’m an artist —and by some measures a successful one. I’ve been featured in the LA Times Magazine, Techworld, The Staggering Implication, and VR Daily… I was even lauded as a genius by the skinny bitches over at Busted Knee. Right now, it’s true, I don’t have any money or any place to go, but don’t treat me like I’m one of the junkies or runaways you usually deal with.” The freak knew her little tirade might mess up her plans, but she couldn’t help it. She hadn’t anticipated how bad it would feel to come back down in the world so quickly.
Leticia Robards, her assigned caseworker at the Kibelian-run women’s shelter, was unfazed. “You’re angry.” Robards said. “That’s good. You should be angry. Tell me who you’re angry at.”
 “I’m angry at my boyfriend for dying.” The freak said. “I know that’s stupid, but really, it’s the truth. I’m angry at the guys who ripped me off, and...” She thought for a moment. “I’m also mad at myself for not demanding some upfront money when I took the development deal. I just happily lived off my boyfriend, without ever trying to get anything for myself. I didn’t think I needed to.”
“It’s not your fault.” Robards said. “You’ve been conditioned since birth. Women aren’t allowed to want anything for themselves. It’s functionally illegal.”
“But I knew that and I did it anyway.”
“It’s beyond the intellectual level.” She said. “It’s programmed deep. There’s a way out, but it takes a lot of work and discipline.”
“I know all about the Academy.” The freak said. “I won the Jimenez Young Writers prize when I was barely out of high school. I told you, I’m not a street-person. I’ve met Mary Jimenez.”
The caseworker looked at her. “You’re telling me you’re a sister? I find that hard to believe.”
“No,” the freak said, “I never did the third school. I quit. Should I leave? I know these places are just recruitment centers. I’m never going to join your cult, so maybe I should just go find a bridge to sleep under.”
“Why do you feel such hostility toward the Academy?” She asked.
The freak wondered where Leticia Robards’ line was. She felt a strong urge to tell the woman the truth, but she also needed a place to sleep. “I was fucked over by someone high up in the organization, and I knew no one would ever believe me.” She said. “So I left.”
Robards scoffed. “You think you’re the first person to clash with one of your Kibelian sisters? That’s ridiculous. We have ways of settling disputes internally so no one ever has to run away. Any sister can file an Order to Respond against any other sister. It will be mediated by a disinterested group of your peers. If you really are a second school graduate and a former JYW prizewinner, you probably qualify for student housing. Nine months from now, you could be done with the third school and if you still felt the same way about whoever ‘fucked you over,’ you could file an Order to Respond against them.”

“I was the one who told you about the Order to Respond!” Kara said, looking up from the manuscript. Adele was reading an article about a new way to approximate ambiguous quantum states in virtual realities.
“You did.” Adele said. “I tried to write it that way but it works better if I find out before I come here. It gives me a solid reason to go into the third school.”
“But I thought you were writing a memoir!” Kara said. “Isn’t it supposed to be non-fiction?”
“Yeah,” Adele said, “but I still have to shape the material a bit. The freak is the main character in the story, so she needs to have some agency. You can’t have a main character who things just happen to, they need to make things happen. It’s better if I go from my lowest moment, right after I got ripped off and left with nothing, to charging directly at an enemy from my past. That way it becomes a journey-of-empowerment type thing.”
“But what’s the truth?” Kara asked. “What really happened?”
“I guess I had a minor psychotic episode.” Adele said. “I was in a complete state of paranoia because of those Mannish freaks. They wanted to pay me to not write. I thought that since I turned them down, their next move would be to kidnap me or kill me. I gave a fake name when I got to the shelter, but a worker there recognized me from Escape Womb 2 press and she told my caseworker, who was named Leticia Robards. She said if I went into the third school, I’d have access to world-class grief counseling. It hadn’t even occurred to me that what I was going through was grief. That was what really sold me on the idea of coming back.”
“You should write it like that,” Kara said, “it’s better. It’s more dramatic.”
“Sure, but all the drama is internal.” Adele said. “I’m not trying to write literature, I’m just trying to spin a yarn…”
“Well, I think I deserve a little credit for giving you the idea of serving Mary Jimenez with an O.R.” Kara said. “This thing might actually get published someday.”
“What if I mentioned you in some flattering way in there? Would you forgive me then?”
“How flattering?”
Adele smiled at her friend. “I knew you’d be mad. Just keep reading.”

And so, the freak set off for the wilds of New Mexico to attend the third school. She was housed in a dormitory on the edge of a desert scrubland, and she took her caseworker’s advice and began seeing a grief counselor. Her Academic work provided a welcome distraction from her frustrations as a writer and as a human being.
Another happy distraction was her neighbor in the dormitory, a sultry beauty named Kara, who had begun the third school at the same time as the freak. Unfortunately, Kara could not be shaken from her heterosexuality, but she did embrace a friendship with the freak that was destined to remain on the outskirts of romance. They became each other’s comfort during the long nights of studying and reading and worrying about field tests and reconditioning sessions.
As the months went by, the freak grew more and more impatient for the day she could serve Mary Jimenez with an Order to Respond. She decided to turn her final graduation project into the Order itself, so that no time would be wasted, and so that her academic advisor would know that she’d fully assimilated the Academy’s anti-authoritarian philosophy. She would become a member of the sisterhood by attacking the leader and figurehead of the sisterhood.
What could be more Kibelian than that?



21
The mob that ran the tent city was sympathetic to Lorne’s plight. Actually, they didn’t give a fuck, but he had cash and they weren’t asking any questions. Will Kibbon needed at least a day to pinpoint van Dijk’s neural mirror via the brain implant, and it didn’t seem like he was eager to put Lorne up for the night. The place had once been a park, probably a nice one too, near the shopping area in Santa Monica with a view of the Pacific Ocean and the pier. Now it was gray-market housing —the small tents cost $200 per night or 50 Branchian work credits. The price included an inflatable pillow, a heavy blanket, and a token for the public restrooms. The situation wasn’t ideal, but Lorne figured it would probably be wise to lay low for awhile. Debra Esner knew his name and she wasn’t afraid of the LAPD, she’d proved that at the funeral home.
He didn’t mind camping or using the public toilets, but he’d gotten a tent next to a woman who played guitar until three in the morning, obsessively hammering the same two chords with little sense of rhythm. He’d wanted to sleep in, but the way the place was run, everyone had to be out of the tents by noon and Lorne didn’t want to be part of a throng of displaced people, so he got his stuff together and cleared out early.
He fixed his hair, straightened his shirt, and found a sidewalk cafe that was open for breakfast. The waitress must’ve known he’d come from the tent city somehow because she asked him for a deposit. Lorne wondered what had given him away. Once she was satisfied that he could pay for a meal, she took his order.
Two men approached Lorne’s table as the waitress left. One was short and the other was tall. It was the Mannishians who’d hired him. They sat down as if they’d been invited. “We have a new job for you.” The tall one said.
“I didn’t know you guys were in town.” Lorne said. “How’d you find me?”
“You wanted dollars.” He said. “They’re hardly anonymous.”
The small one sent Lorne’s screen a file and Lorne took a moment to look at it.
It was a batch of articles and pictures of the young VR writer who’d been living with van Dijk. She was a hairy techno-hippie named Adele Milovich. Lorne looked up at the two men across from him. “And…”
“The Industry can find people.” The short one said. “They can access any database in real time.”
“I’m not Industry.” Lorne said.
“You’re connected though…” The tall one said. “The Selma kid would be fish food if you weren’t.”
“There was some luck involved.” Lorne said.
The waitress came over with a pot of coffee and turned Lorne’s mug upright. “You two want to order something?” She asked as she poured.
“No, we can’t stay.” The short one said.
The waitress nodded and walked away.
“We already paid half your fee.” The tall one said to Lorne. “We were going to pay you the other half when the job was done. But due to unforeseen events, what we need from you has changed. We now want Milovich. Find her for us and you’ll get the rest of your fee.”
“I was hired to find Bastiaan van Dijk.” Lorne said. “I did. The fact that he wasn’t strictly-speaking alive when I found him wasn’t my fault. As far as I’m concerned, you guys owe me. We can talk about the next job after you pay me for the last one.”
“Nice try.” The shorter Mannishian said.
“Putting your finger on Milovich shouldn’t be difficult.” The tall one said. “It’s not like finding van Dijk, this woman’s a square citizen. Last we knew, she was holed up in a cheap hotel room in the valley. She’s probably not even trying to hide… It’s just a matter of checking the databases and getting back to us. Then you’ll get paid.”
“You think she can help you get your memory back,” Lorne said, “but she can’t.”
“What makes you say that?”
“Just a hunch. I’ve been doing some research on bio encryption… It’s fascinating.” Lorne took a sip of his coffee. “Just out of curiosity, how much would the location of van Dijk’s neural mirror be worth to you?”
The two men looked at each other and laughed. “It doesn’t matter.” The short one said. “The memory’s gone.”
“Are you 100% sure about that?” Lorne asked.
The tall one nodded. “Bastiaan van Dijk already leveraged it for his own ascension. Now we want to find Adele Milovich. Are you going to help us or not?”
Lorne thought about it for a moment. “What if I find her and she turns up dead? I don’t like being part of a hit squad. It’s not my style.”
“You don’t have a choice.” The short one said.
Lorne gave him a look of mock surprise. “Threats?” He made them wait while he took a long sip of coffee. “So you’re going to kill me if I don’t find this writer?”
“No, that wouldn’t get us very far.” The tall one said. “There’s always injury. And we’ve done some research on your family...”
“We know where your sister lives Carter.” The short one said.
“Whoa, wait a minute —I wasn’t saying no— I was trying to negotiate…”
The two Mannishians got up. “Find her.” The tall one said.

Lorne found a liquor store and bought a jug of cheap soy vodka. Will Kibbon had told him that he preferred that over the expensive stuff Lorne had brought the other day. Kibbon let Lorne in and thanked him for the gift. There was a woman passed out on Kibbon’s couch who might’ve been dead except that she was snoring. She looked like she was in her fifties and her top had ridden up, letting her sizable brown gut hang out. Kibbon covered his guest with a blanket from the easy chair. “She has a doctorate in chemical engineering from Stanford.” He said as if it were an explanation. “She used to work for Google foods.”
“Does she eat Google meat products?” Lorne asked.
“I dunno.” Kibbon said. “I can tell you she’s not too particular about what she drinks though. Come on, we can talk in the dining room.”
He set two glasses on the table and poured them each a shot. Lorne sat down and took a small sip. Kibbon sat across from him. “I found Bastiaan’s neural mirror.” He said. “He’s in an Arcadia cloud server. He probably embedded himself in one of his company’s Realities. Pretty smart…”
“It doesn’t matter.” Lorne said. “I just dropped by to let you know. They’re not looking for the mirror anymore. I don’t know if they ever were. You can try to get that memory if you want, but I’m out. There’s no buyer.”
“You talked to the Mannish Authority? That was premature. You should’ve waited until we had something definite to offer.”
“They came to me.” Lorne said. “It’s a long story.” He took another sip. “Did you get rid of the head?”
“Yeah, Darla came over last night and helped me liquefy it…”
The doorbell rang.
“You expecting someone?” Lorne asked.
“Nope.” Kibbon said. He looked up at the ceiling. “Bitch, who’s at the door?”
His system answered in a pleasant female voice. “There are two LAPD drones outside.” It said.
“Fuck!” Kibbon said.
“How’d they find me here?” Lorne asked.
“I think they’ve got my house under surveillance.” Kibbon said. “I had a guest over last month who’s been classified as a medical terrorist.”
The doorbell sounded again.
“What should we do?” Lorne asked.
“Nothing.” Kibbon said. “If they had a warrant or probable cause they’d be in here already. If the ID is under 80% certain, they’re not allowed to break your door down. They can’t do shit if we don’t answer.”
Kibbon and Lorne listened.
The snoring had stopped.
Kibbon seemed to realize it at the same moment as Lorne. He jumped up. “Darla, don’t answer…” The two drones flew into the dining room. They were the size of dogs, and Lorne got the impression of Dobermans because of their black and brown color. They seemed to growl too, emitting a low rumble as their unseen blades churned the air.
“They went right by me!” Darla said from the doorway as the drones splashed green laser dots all over the room. Lorne got up ready to run but before he could make a move, one of the drones slammed into his face and a thousand spiny legs dug into his cheeks and scalp. The heavy machine crawled over the top of his head like a giant insect. It went down his back, hooked its arms over his shoulders, and slapped two rubber straps around his neck. The straps tightened and silenced Lorne’s scream. He almost dropped to his knees under the weight of the thing.
The other drone hovered in front of him and spoke in a calm male voice. “Lorne M. Carter, you are under arrest for the abuse of a corpse.” Lorne tried to dig his fingers under the rubber straps but they tightened even more and he could barely breathe. The drone on his back shone a green patch of light on the floor in front of him. “Resistance will result in the further restriction of your air flow.”
“I wish I could help.” Kibbon said. “But you gotta go with them. Those things kill people all the time!”
The green light extended out on the floor in front of him. “Follow the green path immediately.” The drone said. “Any deviation from the path will disrupt your access to oxygen.”
“You have to do it.” Kibbon said.
The rubber straps around his neck tightened and Lorne couldn’t breathe at all. He began to walk along the path of green light and it took him into the living room. As he moved, the straps loosened enough that a little bit of air could get through his windpipe.
“I’m sorry!” Darla said. “I didn’t know…”
The drones led him out of the house and into the back of a transport van that was basically a self-driving jail cell. Once inside, the drone kicked off his back and sent him to his hands and knees. It flew out and the door closed with a clang. There were no windows in the cell, but there was a little yellow light that allowed Lorne to see a metal bench. He sat on it.
Once again, his fate was in the hands of the municipal authority.



22
“What exactly is the problem?” Adele asked. Her academic advisor was a big woman with short gray hair. “I’m supposed to challenge authority right? That’s what this is.”
“But it’s a lie!” The woman said. “You must know that. You can’t actually believe that Mamma J would plagiarize you…”
“Maybe you’re right, maybe I’m delusional.” Adele said. “That’s what my counselor at the Re-Life Center thought. But Mary Jimenez is one of the founders of this organization —how can I become a member without addressing the fact that she stole from me?”
“I have a question of my own.” She tapped the title page of the manuscript. “How can I pass this grad project when I know its central claim to be a lie?”
“You know it’s a lie? How?”
“Mamma J would never do that. She’s a highly ethical person.”
Adele looked at the light-sculpture on the woman’s desk. It was a glass box with a miniature human skull suspended in some kind of amber. The skull was constructed entirely out of multicolored lights that shifted and seethed. Somehow it always faced you, a technological variation of the portrait whose eyes followed you around the room. It was mesmerizing and incongruous with the rest of the office décor. “You might strongly believe that your dear leader would never do such a thing,” Adele said, “but you don’t know that she didn’t. Not with any degree of certainty.”
“You’re putting me in a difficult position.” She said. “If I pass you, the Order to Respond becomes official and it will go to Mamma J. Who knows how she’ll react? She is, I remind you, over a hundred years old.”
“And if you don’t pass me, I’ll file an academic review.” Adele concentrated on keeping her facial expression neutral. “I don’t think it’ll go your way.”
The woman pushed the manuscript a few inches away from her on the desk, as if it were contaminated. “I’m going to ask you to withdraw your grad project and rewrite it. Keep the plagiarism claim if you must, just take the words ‘Order to Respond’ out of it. Once you’re in the Academy, you can file an Order to Respond through the proper channels —that’s your right. Just don’t put me in the middle of it. Don’t make your grad project itself the Order. I’d consider it a personal favor.”
“You have my final draft. If it passes, I expect you to initiate the O.R. process.” Adele smiled at her advisor and stood up. The woman was not pleased.

The next day, Adele got word that her grad project had passed and that she was officially a member of the Kibele Academy. Kara, still waiting to hear from her advisor, helped Adele celebrate with a trip to Angelo’s, the local pizza place. They shared a pitcher of beer and ate their slices in a small booth at the back of the restaurant. “Check out those two at the bar.” Kara said. “They keep looking over here. I think the one with the tattoos was a guest speaker in my spontaneous confrontation class last semester.”
“Maybe she recognizes you.” Adele said.
“I think they’re looking at you.” Kara said.
Adele looked over at them. They were staring. She nodded, smiled, and went back to eating her pizza.
“Uh-oh, they’re coming over here.” Kara said.
Adele turned and watched them approach. One had colorful tattoos —koi fish swimming up and down her exposed arms— and the other was wearing thick-rimmed cat-eye glasses.
“Hi.” Adele said.
“You’re Adele Milovich, aren’t you?” Cat-eyes asked.
“That’s right.” Adele said. “How’d you know?”
“We keep track of termites.” She said.
“Is that what I am?”
“It’s a good name for someone who undermines an organization from the inside.” She said.
Kara scoffed. “You don’t know what the fuck you’re talking about.” She said.
Adele told her with a look not to escalate the situation. “Have a seat.” Adele said to the two women. “Let me buy you a beer.”
Koi fish smiled at Adele and pushed their pitcher over, spilling beer across the tabletop. “Fuck!” Kara said. 
“Oops.” She said. “You two have a nice night.” She turned and walked away.
Cat-eyes scrunched her nose at Adele and made a biting motion with her teeth, her impersonation of a termite, and then followed her friend.
“What a couple of dumb bitches!” Kara said, loud enough for the two to hear as they left the restaurant.
She helped Adele mop up the beer with a wad of napkins. “Welcome to the sisterhood.” Adele said.

When someone graduated, they were allowed to stay in the dorms for the remainder of that month plus one more month. Adele had graduated in the first week of November, which meant that she had a seven week grace period before she had to move out. She wanted to pass those days reading books from the Española City Library, or spending what little stipend she had left at the Rio Grande Cine out on Old Los Alamos Highway. The antiquated public transportation system in San Pedro meant that she’d have to spend a lot of time waiting at bus stops in the increasingly bitter weather, but she didn’t mind. Now that she’d graduated, she felt her mind percolating with ideas for poems and VR scripts. She was on the verge of a creative outburst —she could feel it.
She’d never been a social butterfly, but she found herself more isolated than usual. Word had gotten out about her Order to Respond, and people in the dorm building looked at her as either some kind of pathetic bounder, desperate for attention, or as an evil sociopath who was trying to extort an old woman. But Kara believed her, and she was the only one whose opinion meant anything to Adele.
The idea that she might actually be in physical danger came two days after the beer-spilling incident. She was in the small park in front of the library, eating tacos from a food truck, when she noticed a familiar face not far away. She’d seen the same woman on the bus ride into town, and in the library as she’d perused the science fiction stacks. Now here she was again, on the other side of the park, watching Adele eat her lunch. She was a small fit woman with short black hair.
Adele was sure that she was a professional killer who was stalking her, waiting for the right moment to strike.
Why would they allow their glorious leader to be attacked by a stranger? If the truth got out that Mary Jimenez was a plagiarist, it would be a stain on the whole Michaelsian movement. It would be much easier to just eliminate Adele. Who would complain? Adele was alone in the world and if she disappeared, no one would even notice other than Kara.
Maybe the woman isn’t waiting for the right moment, Adele thought, maybe she already made her move. She realized that the tacos she was eating could’ve been poisoned. The woman who’d handed them to her had smiled in a strange way, as if she took sadistic pleasure in knowing that they were the last thing Adele would eat. The woman across the park might just be there to make sure the poison worked. Adele could feel it starting to take effect. Her stomach felt heavy and she was light-headed. Any minute, she’d drop dead right there at the picnic table. Someone might call an ambulance but it would arrive too late. Maybe there would be an autopsy but it wouldn’t matter —the Academy had the town wired. They could say Adele had an undiagnosed heart condition or make up any lie they wanted. Who would know?
Adele told herself that she was most likely having a paranoid episode, and that she shouldn’t do anything too drastic. If she’d been poisoned, there was nothing she could do about it, but if not, there was still time. She saw the number five bus turning the corner and she quickly devised a plan to see if the woman was really following her. She dumped the remainder of her lunch into a trashcan and cut across the park. She made it to the bus stop just in time and waved for the driver to stop. By the time Adele had paid and found a window seat, her would-be assassin was gone.
10 minutes later, she got off in Santa Clara Pueblo and crossed the street to wait for a bus headed north. She’d have to transfer again to get back to the dorms. That was good. The more times she transferred, the harder it would be for someone to follow her.
It was late in the evening when she finally got home. There was a car parked in front of her building with someone sitting in the driver’s seat, and as Adele approached, she saw that it was the black haired woman from the park.
She felt self-conscious as she walked up the steps, like she was on a stage. She moved through the doors toward the elevator, but the woman at the front desk called out to her and told her she had a message. Adele went to the front desk and looked around, thinking it might have something to do with the murder plot. The woman handed Adele a folded piece of paper. “You must’ve managed to attract some attention,” she said, “congratulations.”
Adele opened and read the short note:
A car will pick you up tomorrow night at 5:00 PM to bring you to the Mother-House. Dress casually.
Adele carried the note upstairs. She admired the simplicity of it: send someone to pick her up, drive her out to the desert, and shoot her in the head. No need to stalk her or mess around with poisons. They must’ve figured that Adele would come willingly if she thought she was going to the Mother-House for a hearing on her O.R. It was either an invitation to her own murder, or else it was all just the culmination of a process she herself had initiated with her grad project.
When she got to her front door, Kara came out of her apartment. “I did it!” Kara said. “I’m a graduate now! I passed!”
Adele hugged her friend. “Congratulations Kara! We need to celebrate!”
“Do you mind if we stay in?” Kara asked. “I don’t feel like waiting for a bus. I just want to drink some Chronic Tea and watch an old movie.”
“That sounds amazing.” Adele said.



23
Lorne’s hearing date finally came 28 days later, but the case was thrown out because Debra Esner didn’t show up. Lorne’s attorney told him she’d most likely gone back to Arizona and cooled off. Not enough to formally withdraw the criminal complaint, which would’ve gotten Lorne out of hoosegow, but enough to ignore the notice to appear in court. The judge didn’t seem too happy about letting a corpse-decapitator go free, but he didn’t have a choice.
They gave Lorne 12 hours to get out of California or be expelled as a refugee. He didn’t need the 12 hours —he went straight to the train station and got on the next express loop to the east coast, which took him to DC. From there, a long-range public car brought him to his co-op apartment outside of Baltimore.
His plants were dead and the place smelled like a crypt. He poured himself a large whiskey and sat on the couch. He’d been sprung three hours earlier, but it felt like a lifetime ago. He fell asleep before he’d even taken a sip.
After he woke up, he noticed that he had messages on his home system from when he was in jail. They were about his sister’s Dop-cutout. Lorne was her emergency contact and she hadn’t showed up for work in over a week. According to the messages, nobody could get in touch with her.
Lorne asked his system to call his real sister. It rang three times and then a high-pitch tone blasted through the speakers. He disconnected the call and tried again with the same results. By the time Lorne had taken a shower and put on some clean clothes, it was almost three in the afternoon.
Maybe she’d gotten total recall somehow, or maybe she’d had a sudden impulse to run away, like the impulse that brought her into the Dop-cutout program in the first place. Lorne got the spare key to her apartment from his desk and left. He tried not to think about the other possibility. He didn’t want to entertain the idea that she’d been killed by the Mannish goons. She probably got sick of her menial job and just decided to stop going, Lorne thought. Of course, the goons had threatened to hurt her, and from their perspective, Lorne had ignored their threats and dropped off the map without doing what they’d demanded.
On the way to her building, the grimmest possibility took hold as the most likely in his mind. When he was in the hallway outside her apartment, he knew for sure. The smell of rotting flesh told him everything he needed to know. He had the key in his hand, but he couldn’t put it in the lock. It felt too heavy to lift. He tried again, but failed, and finally gave up and sat on the floor with his back against the wall. For some reason his body was reacting as if it really was his sister in there, rotting away all alone. He knew he had to go in and look at the body, call the police, call her workplace, and then find some way to get in touch with his real sister— but in order to do all that, he’d have to get up first.
Lorne noticed a young boy staring at him from the other end of the hall. “Hi.” Lorne said. “You live here?” The kid didn’t answer. He was eight or nine years old and there was some kind of food stain on his shirt. “Hasn’t anyone around here said anything about that smell?” He asked.
“Nan says a mouse died in the wall.” The kid said.
“Yeah, that’s probably it.” Lorne said. “What’s your name?”
“Family.” He said.
“Your name’s Family? Is that some kind of nickname?”
The kid nodded and Lorne noticed that he looked malnourished. His cheekbones stuck out and he had dark circles under his eyes. He smiled at Lorne. “Have you been down the trap door?” He asked.
“What trap door?”
“It’s downstairs under the carpet.” He said. “Wanna see?”
“Nah, that’s okay.” Lorne said.
“I’m supposed to show you.” He said.
“You’re supposed to show me?”
The kid nodded.
“Okay then.” Lorne said. He forced himself to stand.
The child led Lorne down the stairs to the hallway one story below. He yanked up the corner of the carpet and pulled it back, away from the wood beneath. “Here.” He said, pointing.
There was a small hole in the plywood and Lorne leaned over and looked at it. “That’s really more of a hole than a trap door.”
Family shook his head. “That’s how you open it.” He said. “Go on, you’re supposed to.”
Lorne put a finger in the hole and lifted up a section of plywood. He set the panel against the wall and looked down at some rough-hewn wooden steps that led to a narrow passageway under the hall.
“You’re supposed to go down there.” The boy said.
“Says who?”
“It’s okay.” He said. “Your supposed to go through to the other side.”
“The other side of what?” Lorne asked.
The boy looked exasperated. “It’s safe.” He said. “Go.”
Lorne went down the stairs into the dark passageway. “Don’t close it on me.” He said. He got his screen out and turned the flashlight on and then started to walk, hunched over to keep from hitting his head. His light didn’t do much to illuminate the space and Lorne felt like going back when he realized he’d gone further than the physical reality of the building should’ve allowed. But he kept moving forward because every second he was down there delayed his having to enter the apartment of death.
The tunnel got narrower and the ceiling dropped down in stages until finally Lorne had to decide whether to start crawling or turn back. He put out the light, slid the screen into his pocket, and got down on his hands and knees. He started to crawl and after he went around a corner, he realized the tunnel was too narrow to turn around in. It made him nervous, but he figured he could always crawl backwards if he had to. He kept moving forward in the dark with no idea where he was going or why.
There was sand in there, which was weird. He would’ve expected dirt, but not sand, and there was a familiar smell that he couldn’t quite place. How long had he been down there? The answer was fuzzy. It seemed like he must’ve crawled over a mile, but he knew that was impossible. He was almost ready to give up and start to crawl backwards when he bumped into something. He felt it with his hands and had to laugh. There was a large rock blocking the tunnel. The kid had played a good joke on him, and now he’d have to crawl all that way backward. Just in case, Lorne gave the rock a push. He was surprised when it rolled away easily and let in a flood of sunlight.
He came out of the tunnel onto a sandy hill and blinked up at the sky. He was near the ocean, and he realized that was what he’d been smelling. There were little patches of grass on dunes all around him. Lorne looked down at the abandoned beach and the ocean. The sun was near the waterline on the horizon, and Lorne wasn’t sure whether it was sunset or sunrise. If it was sunset, he was looking at the Pacific ocean and was still in Los Angeles somehow. If it was sunrise, he was looking at the Atlantic ocean and had lost an entire night. He got out his screen to check, but it was dead.
Lorne noticed someone walking on the beach and as the figure got closer, he recognized the slope of her shoulders and her gait. It was his sister. He put his screen away and went down to meet her.
“You should congratulate me.” She said. “I got a big promotion at work.”
“Where are we?” Lorne asked.
“Long Island.” She said. “Not far from Montauk.”
“But I was just in Maryland.”
“It’s a trick.” Lula said. “It’s nothing supernatural. I’m an Imposter now, so there are certain protocols for meeting civilians. I’m sorry but disorientation is essential. Awe if possible. Did you think I was dead?”
“No, I figured it was your Dop they killed.” Lorne said. “I’m really sorry about her… The guys I was working for threatened her but I didn’t take it seriously.”
“It’s not your fault.” She said. “When I helped you with the Selma case, I knew the Mannish Authority would take notice. They’re not good people. It was always a dicey proposition.”
“So you were using me?”
“I’m sorry. I had to set up an infrastructure before my promotion and I needed outside help.”
“What kind of infrastructure?”
“The human kind.” She said.
“More of your Industry control bullshit? Did you finally find a way to monitor people’s thoughts?”
Lula laughed. “It has nothing to do with the Industry. In fact, I wouldn’t be an Imposter right now if they knew.”
“Well I’m sorry it didn’t work out.” Lorne said. “Maybe if you’d told me what it was all about...”
“Oh you didn’t fail.” Lula said. “The connections are all in the right places, they just haven’t found each other yet.”
“That’s pretty fucking cryptic.” Lorne said.
“It’s really the best I can do.” She said. “Why did you stop looking for Bastiaan van Dijk’s neural mirror?”
“I know where it is,” Lorne said, “it’s in an Arcadia cloud server. I could probably find it in one of the Collected Time Realities, but there’s no financial incentive to do that. The memory cache is gone.”
“Financial incentives are what they use to control people.”
“You’re saying it might still be worth it to find Bastiaan’s mirror?” Lorne asked.
“What do you have a financial incentive to do?”
“I could probably still get half a million bucks to find van Dijk’s girlfriend.” Lorne said.
“You’re being watched by multiple interested parties.” Lula said. “So I think you should do both things. Adele Milovich is with the Kibelians now and your employers must know that. The Industry can’t access Kibelian controlled databases, so even with your supposed Industry connections, you have an excuse for not finding her right away.” A car horn sounded from somewhere and Lula looked up. “Time for me to go.” She said.
Lorne followed her up to the top of a dune. There was a car on a dirt road on the other side.
“You’re going to leave me here?” He asked.
She turned to face him. “I’m an Imposter,” she said, “if I stick around too long, the magic wears off. I put some money in your account for expenses and there’s a screen with an alternate identity and economic and medical clearances in your safe deposit box.” She looked up the beach. “You’re not too far from civilization. It’s a nice day for a walk. You can get a car in Montauk.” She reached out and hugged Lorne tight and he hugged her back. Her body was warm and she smelled like soap and saltwater. She let go and trudged down the hill toward the car.



24
The first thing Adele thought when she woke up was that it might be her last day on earth. That evening, she would either be taken to the Mother-House for her hearing or out into the wilderness to be silenced forever. She asked her system to show her the location of the Mother-House on a map, but it didn’t know what she was talking about. She couldn’t find any pictures of it either. The information had been scrubbed from the internet, probably as a security measure. She’d have no idea, once she was in the car, whether it was going in the right direction or not.
She considered taking along something for self-defense, but decided against it. If they found a weapon on her, they’d assume she wanted to kill Mary Jimenez. ‘The crazy bitch had a steak knife in her coat pocket,’ they’d say, ‘she was dangerous.’ No, Adele thought, it’s better to act like I have no idea that I’m in danger. She’d pretend everything was fine until she knew for certain otherwise. Once she was sure they were going to kill her, she’d fight like hell, scream, kick, and bite —but until then, she’d remain calm.
The more she thought about it, the more she realized that she didn’t mind dying —she just resented the fact that it would be at the hands of her so-called sisters.
She spent the morning reading. She wanted to go for a walk, but a quick reconnaissance mission told her that the woman who’d followed her the other day was still in the car parked in front of the building. If she was going to die she was going to die, but she didn’t want to make it easy for them by wandering off alone. When she got back to her room, she stress-ate a whole box of chocolate mint cookies and felt vaguely disgusted with herself.
She sat at her desk and paged through the old notebook that contained her handwritten versions of the poems Mary Jimenez had plagiarized. The notebook showed some age —it’d kicked around with her from New Mexico to California and back to New Mexico again. It had been one of the few possessions the feds had allowed her to take out of the Koreatown apartment she’d shared with Bastiaan. She’d spent most of the check the Academy had provided for moving expenses to get it back from a hotel in the valley that she owed money to. But now, it was all worth it because she could show handwritten first drafts of every poem from The Imperial Junction Song Cycle. Metadata in the document versions on her system would prove that she’d worked on the poems for almost four months. If they thought she’d faked all that, at least they’d have to admire her commitment.
It wasn’t even 4:30 PM when someone knocked on her door. Adele looked through the peephole at a tall woman with short red hair. She wore blue jeans and boots with a black button up shirt. Adele opened the door. 
“I’m here to take you to the Mother-House.” The woman said.
“I’m not quite ready.” Adele said.
“That’s okay, I’m early.” She stuck her hand out and Adele shook it. “Mischa.” She said.
Adele introduced herself. “Come in while I put my shoes on.”
Mischa entered the room and looked around. “This place brings back memories.” She said. “At night, I bet it gets colder than a witch’s clit.”
“It never bothered me.” Adele said. She pulled on her nicer high tops and picked up the notebook. “Let’s go.”
“What’s that?”
“It’s the poems.” Adele said.
“The ones Mamma J supposedly stole from you?”
“Yeah.” Adele said. She wanted to maintain eye contact, but she looked down at the notebook in her hands.
“You can leave it.” Mischa said.
“But it’s my evidence.” Adele said. “I have to show it to the mediators.”
Mischa shook her head. “Tonight doesn’t have anything to do with your Order to Respond.” She said. “It’s just dinner.”
“So what —like a dinner party? I don’t know if I’m up for that… Am I supposed to just sit there and act like everything’s fine?”
“Don’t be stupid.” She said. “Getting invited to the Mother-House is a good thing. Mamma J just wants to meet you. Don’t overthink it.”
Adele stood there for a moment and then sighed and tossed the notebook on the bed.
She followed the tall redhead downstairs. They got into a 20 year old Honda and Adele reached for the seatbelt but it wouldn’t budge. “Sorry, it’s broken.” Mischa said. She clicked hers into place and started the car. “I’ll drive careful.”
Adele gripped the handle on the door as they took off into the evening.
Mischa was a fast driver. Adele watched for signs that she might be nervous, but she seemed completely relaxed as she maneuvered the car from one lane to the other, avoiding the slower traffic. There was an outrageous sunset going on, and the undersides of a hundred thousand little clouds were dusted with pink and orange light. As far as last sights go, Adele thought, that’s not bad.
Mischa got off the interstate and steered the little hatchback up a long, winding, two-lane highway. After almost fifteen minutes, she turned onto a dirt road.
They were in the middle of nowhere, just as Adele had feared.
Then she saw it: the road ended at a brick wall, but Mischa wasn’t slowing down. They were going to hit the wall and she’d be thrown through the windshield. The only question was whether she’d be killed instantly or linger on for a few agonizing minutes. She considered a lunge for the steering wheel, but it was too late.
When she opened her eyes, they were still bouncing along the dirt road. Mischa laughed. “It’s a fake wall.” She said. “Security. It’s an optical effect… Sorry.”
Adele shook her head. 
“With the seatbelt being busted, that must’ve freaked you out huh?”
Adele just nodded and looked out the window to hide the fact that she was close to tears.
When she finally saw the house come into view, she relaxed.
Mischa parked the car and took Adele in through the back door, into a kitchen where two women were cooking. “This is Adele Milovich.” Mischa announced. A fifty-something brunette with a faded tattoo on her neck was stirring marinara sauce at the stove and the other woman, who looked like she could be Mischa’s older sister, was dicing onions. They both stopped what they were dong and introduced themselves to Adele.
“It smells good in here.” Adele said.
“Come on.” Mischa said.
In the living room, Adele met three other women who seemed to be there just to get a look at her. She forgot their names instantly. She sat on the couch and answered their questions about where she was from and what kind of writing she did. Adele used the minimum number of words necessary to maintain an aura of civility, but she felt like she was on display at a freak show. One of the women from the kitchen came in and told them that dinner was ready.
“Isn’t uh… Ms. Jimenez going to join us?” Adele asked Mischa as they filed into the dining room.
“Mamma J usually comes down after dinner.” Mischa said.
To Adele’s relief, they mostly ignored her during the meal. One of the women had just gotten back from a trip to Japan, and she talked at length about her visit to the Sony LEO Observatory, which involved a ride on the so-called ‘space elevator.’ Adele listened and ate her vegan penne, grilled vegetables and garlic bread. Even if she’d wanted to, she didn’t have much to add to the conversation.
When everyone was done eating, a little girl ran in and climbed onto Mischa’s lap. Mary Jimenez came in after her and used the back of a chair to keep herself propped up. Adele suddenly saw how absurd it was to accuse this ancient woman of anything. She was small, thin, and covered in wrinkles. Adele could’ve picked her up with one hand.
The cook with the tattoo on her neck asked Jimenez if she wanted some food. “No thanks.” She said. “But I’d love a cup of tea in the sitting room.” She looked across the table at Adele and smiled. “You’re Adele Milovich?”
Adele nodded.
“Would you care to join me?”
“Um, yeah sure.” Adele said. She felt all the eyes in the room on her as she got up. The little girl on Mischa’s lap giggled.
“Betty, would you go to the archive and bring up my notebooks from 1975 to ’76?” Jimenez asked one of the women.
“All of them?” The woman asked.
“Not the ones labeled The Rambling Mess, that’s fiction.” Jimenez said. “But everything else.” The woman said she’d have them in a few minutes.
Adele followed Mary Jimenez down a hall. They went into a narrow room with two wingback chairs that faced a large window. Outside, there was an assortment of cactuses and rocks that made imposing black shapes in the darkness beneath the stars.
“I’m sorry I didn’t join you for dinner,” Jimenez said, “I’m a little self-conscious about the way I eat these days. It’s not a pretty sight.”
Adele tried not to look into the woman’s eyes. They seemed dark and probing. “Dinner was good.” She said finally. “Thanks for inviting me.”
The cook brought in a tea tray and set it down on a small table between the chairs. Jimenez thanked her and poured two cups with, Adele noticed, a very steady hand. The tea smelled strongly of ginger and turmeric. “Milk, sugar?” Jimenez asked.
“No thanks.” Adele said. She took one of the cups from the tray.
“You believe that I stole some of your poems?” Jimenez asked.
“Whenever I tell anyone that, they assume I’m delusional.” Adele admitted.
“The Imperial Junction Song Cycle?”
“Yeah.” Adele said. “That book came out while I was finishing the second school. I’d been working on a series of poems and the similarities between my verses and the ones in your book were undeniable. Quite a few whole poems are word-for-word copies.”
“I wish you would’ve come to me about it right away.” Jimenez said.
“I told my academic advisor, but she didn’t believe me. She even accused me of altering the metadata in my files. She thought I was trying to get publicity or something.”
“That must’ve been very disillusioning for you.” Jimenez said.
“I believe in the collective unconscious, and I think it’s more than just an assortment of archetypes —I think artists can pull some very specific things out of there. I was living nearby when I wrote those poems, so maybe I projected them into the ether unconsciously and you just picked them up. Or maybe I really am delusional and I somehow manufactured my memory of writing them.” Adele hated herself for that last part, but the physical presence of the 103 year old icon had softened her resolve.
“I once wrote a book in collaboration with a very famous, older, San Francisco poet back in the 60s.” She said. “When it was published —poof! My name had disappeared. Critics said it was a remarkable return to form for him. They actually praised the poems for having an unapologetically masculine viewpoint. I was ready to burn the whole city down.”
The woman Mary had called Betty came in with a stack of black and white composition books. Mary thanked her and put them on her lap. She opened the one on top, flipped through a few pages, then closed it and set it on the ground. She did the same thing again, and then stopped on the third book. “I suppose for all you know, I could’ve written this yesterday.” She said. “But I didn’t. I wrote it in 1975.”
She handed the notebook to Adele, opened to a page with one of Adele’s poems on it, scrawled in unfamiliar handwriting. It was called ‘Day Three of an Infinite Confinement.’ Adele flipped through the yellowing pages and found more of her poems in the antique composition book. “I… I guess I was wrong.” Adele said. “Why did you wait so long to publish them?”
“They were bastard children, or worse: strays. They didn’t fit with what I was writing at the time, so I just left them. A few years ago, my archivist asked me about them so I gave them another look and decided that they were ready to confront the world.”
“I’m sorry.” Adele said. “I guess I was wrong. Maybe I picked up your poems from the collective unconscious instead of the other way around. I shouldn’t have assumed that you stole them…”
“It’s completely understandable given the circumstances.” Mary said. She looked at Adele for a moment. “You’re very uncomfortable right now, aren’t you?”
“It doesn’t seem real.” Adele said. “I’ve spent years hating you from afar. My circumstances have changed repeatedly —I went from being homeless to living in the lap of luxury to being homeless again— and the one constant in my life was that I hated you. I thought nothing could change that, but right now, I… I think maybe I was being stupid.”
“One of the few benefits of extreme old age is that people automatically feel sympathy toward you.” Mary said. “I assure you that it’s completely unearned on my part.”
“It’s not just your age.” Adele said. “It’s because you aren’t mad about it. You’re not defensive.”
“I read your work.” She said. “After I got your Order to Respond, I read everything I could find. I asked myself, is this someone who’d make false accusations for money or publicity? The answer, of course, was no. I wrote the Imperial Junction poems in 1975 and you say you wrote them in 2045. I have three options: I can question your truth, I can question my truth, or I can question the assumption that both things cannot simultaneously be true. Do you follow me?”
“I think so.” Adele said.
“Do you do a lot of pruning and rewriting on your stuff?” Mary asked.
“Sometimes.” Adele said. “Other times it comes out fully formed, but that’s rare. Usually I have to do some work on a poem.”
“Me too.” Mary said. “Did you do a lot of work on the Imperial Junction poems?”
“Oh yeah,” Adele said, “especially ‘Corporal Rewards’ I had at least twenty versions of that one.”
“Every one of those poems came to me completely intact. At the time, I was a heavy rewriter too, but not on those.”
“What does that mean?” Adele asked.
“I think it shows us what direction the communication went.” She said. “You were right to posit some sort of psychic connection between us, but it’s not current. You’re connected to a much younger me. You, here in this present, are connected to me in the past. I don’t know why or how it happened, but we should exploit it. We might be able to slip some useful information back there.”
“In a poem?”
“Why not?”
“But if we were successful, wouldn’t it have already happened?” Adele asked.
“Not necessarily. It could be that sending back information creates an alternate timeline. When I wrote those Imperial Junction poems, I put them in a drawer and didn’t look at them for 60 years. The only one who ever saw them was me. If I’d published them, it would’ve slightly altered reality, and who knows if you’d have ever written the original versions. You might’ve read the Imperial Junction poems in high school and felt a strange kinship with them, but you certainly wouldn’t have rewritten them word-for-word years later, thinking they were originals. But since I waited so long and only published mine after you’d written yours, we had an opportunity to discover this psychic time portal or whatever you want to call it. Who knows, these things might happen all the time, and because each instance creates a different timeline, it goes undiscovered. This could be a one-in-a-billion occurrence.”
“But we might never know if we’ve succeeded or not.” Adele said. “If we change the past, we create a different present. Do you still think it’s worth doing?”
“Yes I do.” Mary said.
Adele sipped her tea and listened to the quiet old house. “You knew Serena Michaels, didn’t you? You knew her when she was a little girl…”
“Yes,” Mary said, “and she was always an enigma.”
“The thing I never understood was why her family didn’t sue. If they could’ve proven in court that the other two books were fake, that Serena Michaels never wrote them, then the controversy would’ve been over. Reporter would’ve been the book, and the Michaelsian movement would’ve been the only legitimate response to what happened.”
“For us to say the other books were untrue would go against the philosophy of our book. If the Branchian theory is correct, then a Sarah Mann from an alternate timeline could’ve written theirs. If the Mannish theory is correct, then an artificial Sarah could’ve written theirs from a simulated reality. But there’s no reason why both of those theories can’t be true… The world could be a Russian nesting doll of artificial realities existing in an ever-expanding multiverse. The Mannish and Branchian cosmologies aren’t really in conflict.”
“But the Michaelsian cosmology is?” Adele asked.
She smiled. “No. We simply point out that even if both of those theories are only true on a symbolic level —even if they’re only useful metaphors— that’s actually all reality is anyway. Whether or not it represents an objective truth doesn’t matter. It’s functionally the same thing.”
“That’s not very comforting.” Adele said.
“No, I suppose not.” Mary said. She took a sip of tea and raised an eyebrow at Adele. “What are your plans now that you’re done with the third school?”
“I don’t know.” She said. “I might have to get a slave job somewhere and write in my spare time. Ideally, I’d get a job writing VR, but those jobs are hard to come by so who knows?”
“If we’re going to exploit this time slip, I’ll need you close.” She said. “We’ll call it a residency and provide you with a generous stipend. After the hearing of course.”
“Hearing? You mean the Order to Respond?” Adele shook her head. “No, I’m going to drop it.”
“How would that look? You drop the Order and then accept a residency here? It would look like I was paying you off.”
“Oh, right.” Adele said.
“No, we’ll go through with the hearing. I have a feeling they’ll come back with a verdict of ‘insufficient evidence.’ A she-said/she-said, in which case your residency here will be a strong signal to the sisters that I bear you no ill-will. It’ll cause quite a bit of gum-flapping in any case.”
“Sounds like fun.” Adele said.



25
Harlow Korine was definitely not to be fucked with. She was short, but she looked strong and quick and hyper-aware, like if a bomb went off, she could dodge the shrapnel. “I realized you were following me when I saw you in the park last week.” Adele said. “You freaked me out.” They were in Harlow’s Jeep on the way to a secure location.
“Sorry.” She said. “By then, I was sure you weren’t a threat, so I thought I should make my presence known.”
“How long have I been under surveillance?”
“When your academic advisor read about how you hated Mamma J, she notified us.” Harlow said. “We started to keep track of you then. It’s nothing personal, we take security very seriously.”
“That would’ve been months ago.” Adele said. “You must be pretty good at your job —I didn’t notice you.”
“I’d be pretty bad at my job if you had noticed me.” She said.
To move into the Mother-House, Adele had to clear a background check which included a face-to-face interview with the head of security. She assumed that Harlow would ask about her political beliefs, religious affiliations, and history of mental illness.
The interview turned out to be about none of those things.
Harlow parked in a strip mall that housed a Chinese restaurant, a low-rent tax accountant, and a handful of empty storefronts. She took Adele into an empty retail space that had paper covering the insides of the front windows and door. It smelled musty. “When Mischa picked me up to take me to the Mother-House, I thought she might be taking me somewhere to kill me.” Adele said. “I’m glad she didn’t take me here.”
“She could kill you easily.” Harlow said, missing Adele’s point. “Very easily. She started training in hand-to-hand combat when she was five.”
The place was a clothing store that looked like it hadn’t been used in at least a year. Harlow led Adele past the dressing rooms to what used to be a manager’s office. There were two tall, black leather swivel chairs, facing each other in front of a desk. Unlike the rest of the store, the back office was well-lit and Adele noticed at least two cameras, one mounted on the ceiling, and the other on a tripod pointed at one of the chairs. “Have a seat.” Harlow said, gesturing to the chair that had the camera pointed at it.
Adele climbed up. “Is that thing on?”
“No.” Harlow said. She didn’t sit on the other chair, she sat on the desk instead. “It’s there to make people uncomfortable. The other camera’s motion activated so it started running as soon as we came in.”
Adele thought for a moment and then laughed. “It must’ve been pretty boring, huh?” She said. “Watching me? I mean, all I do is read and go to the occasional movie.”
“Actually it was more interesting than you might think. Are you aware that you’re being stalked?”
Adele looked at her, unsure what she meant. “You mean by you?”
“No, by a man.” Harlow got out an s-screen and pulled up a picture. She handed it to Adele. It was a man with black hair sitting at a hotel café in front of what looked like a large omelet. “Do you know who this is?” She asked.
“No.” Adele said.
“Scroll through the pictures.”
Adele scrolled to a picture of the same man in a car, wearing some sort of night-vision goggles, and then another of the man talking to a hotel employee in a lobby. Adele zoomed in on his face. “No.” She said. “I don’t recognize him.”
“Stalkers kill.” Harlow said. “If you asked them, they would say they were doing it out of love —some might even admit to being obsessed. But they’re really just waiting for the right moment to strike.”
Adele didn’t know what to say. “You think this man wants to kill me?”
“It took him months to track you down.” She said. “He came all the way from Maryland via Los Angeles, so he’s pretty serious whatever his intentions are.”
“I’ve never seen him before.”
“You don’t have to face the fucker alone.” Harlow said. “I know from experience that confronting stalkers doesn’t work. If anything, it strengthens their resolve.”
“I don’t want to confront him!” Adele said. She handed the screen back.
Harlow looked at her. “You’re sure you don’t know this guy? Maybe he’s an old teacher or camp counselor or something.” She scrolled through some more pictures and held the screen up. “Look closely.”
Adele shook her head. “I don’t recognize him.”
Harlow slid the screen back into her pocket. “Any idea why someone you’ve never seen might be after you?”
“Maybe he’s working for the Mannish Authority.” Adele said.
“What makes you say that?”
“My old boyfriend had some kind of deal with them. They approached me after he died and offered to put me up in an apartment.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know.” Adele said. “They wanted to pay me not to write.”
“Not to write?”
“Yeah it was pretty weird.” Adele said. “I wasn’t in the best frame of mind back then, so I didn’t ask any follow-up questions.”
“That’s too bad.” Harlow said.
“So what should I do about this?”
“We have a security protocol for stalkers.” Harlow said. “You’re not the first Kibelian to find yourself in this situation. We make problems like this go away.”
“What do you mean? How?”
“The less you know the better.” She said. “But we have to assume he wants to kill you, so anything we do is justifiable. Don’t worry, we’ll give him a couple of chances to fuck off first…”
“But we don’t even know what he wants.” Adele said. “By all means, cut his throat and throw him in a ditch if he’s trying to kill me, but don’t you think we should check first? I mean do you even know the guy’s name?”
“Lorne M. Carter.” Harlow said. “Although that’s not the name he’s traveling under. And I’m sorry but we can’t let you move into the Mother-House as long as he’s after you. It’s a security risk.”
“Shit.” Adele said.
“I should also tell you that we have him under surveillance, so if you try to contact him, we’ll know.”
Adele shook her head. “You still think I’m lying? I’m telling you, I don’t know this man.”
“Okay.” Harlow said. “I believe you.”
She seemed to be finished with the interview so Adele climbed down from the chair. “Aren’t you going to ask about my political beliefs?”
“We already know you don’t have any.” Harlow said. Adele followed her out into the defunct clothing store. “I read about your Reality in VR World Daily.” She said over her shoulder. “I’m sorry it never came out.”
“You’re into VR?”
“Yeah,” she said, “I thought I outgrew it, but ever since I got into a 6th gen system I’m hooked again.”
“Is there a 6th gen system around here?”
“The Arcadia up in Santa Fe has seven of them.”
They left the store and walked to the Jeep under a sky filled with little fluffy clouds. “I haven’t been in a Realty in nine months.” Adele said. “I’ve been trying not to think about it.”
Harlow paused before she got into the Jeep and looked at Adele over the hood. “That article said your Reality was called Escape Womb 2,” she said, “but I never heard of an Escape Womb 1.”
“It wasn’t a sequel to another Reality.” Adele said. “It was supposed to be a sequel to the user’s birth.”



26
Structural Deficit
I built your name out of corpses
so you could rot from the inside out.
The process is more than symbolic.

The spots have multiplied.

Can you feel them?

It’s an old hex
but I wouldn’t call it ancient.

It’s about as old as a Molotov cocktail.

Adele read and reread the words. She wasn’t sure if it was complete or if she should use it as part of something longer. She flipped through her notebook, looking for another ‘you’ poem that she could pair it with. The ‘you’ poems were almost always directed at herself, but she liked the idea that people would think she harbored a secret hatred for some unspecified person. Adele sipped her coffee and wished that Kara was still around, but she’d taken a marketing job in Colorado at a Kibelian-run theater company.
Her system alerted her to an incoming call from Harlow Korine and she allowed it. “He says he’ll leave you alone forever if he can meet you in person just once.” Harlow said. “He wants to talk to you about Bastiaan van Dijk. Of course you don’t have to...”
“No, it’s okay.” Adele said. “I’ll talk to him.”
“I’m on my way to get you now.” Harlow said. “And don’t worry, we have him restrained.”

They went into the back office of the derelict clothing store again, where the man, six feet tall and on the heavy side, was tied with yellow straps to the high leather swivel chair with the camera pointed at it. He had a black sack over his head. Harlow closed the door and sat behind the desk. “You can take the sack off.” She said to Adele.
Adele hesitated.
“It’s okay.” The man said from inside the sack. “I’m on your side.”
Adele loosened the drawstring and pulled it off.
He looked at her with bloodshot eyes. He seemed tired and helpless.
“You wanted to talk to me?” Adele asked
“I don’t fuck with Michaelsians or Kibelians or whatever you call yourselves these days.” He said. “I know better, believe me. I wouldn’t have tracked you down if it wasn’t absolutely necessary.” Adele got into the chair opposite him while Lorne M. Carter kept up his nervous chatter. “I knew a guy in college who dated a Kibelian —he had a real bad temper. One time, they got into a fight and he gave her a black eye. A couple of days later, some women snatched him off the street and threw him in the back of a van. The next day they found him wandering around naked in the shopping district, talking to himself.”
“Did they throw you in the back of a van?” Adele asked.
He looked over at Harlow. “No, it was a Jeep.” He said. “Not quite as scary. Someone stuck me with a needle and I woke up here.” He flexed against the yellow straps that held him in place. “This is good, these high chairs.” He said. “If I was tied like this in a normal chair, I might try to wriggle free, but if I start fucking around in this, I’ll fall over. It’s a good technique.”
“There’s no reason to be nervous.” Adele said. “I don’t think they’re going to kill you. They just want you to leave me alone.”
“I will.” He said. “I swear.”
“Did you know Bastiaan?” Adele asked.
“Not personally.” He said. “But I talked to him.”
Adele waited for the rest of it, but he just stared at her. “Okay, you talked to Bastiaan…”
“No, I mean I talked to him after he was killed.”
“You think he was killed?”
“Of course he was killed, that’s not the point. I talked to him and he told me things.”
“Was there a crystal ball or…”
“No, no.” He said. “It was an artificial reproduction of Bastiaan. He created a neural mirror before his death.”
“Do you work for the Mannish Authority?” Adele asked.
“Not anymore.” He said. “How did you know they were involved?”
“Let’s focus on what you know.” Adele suggested.
“Okay, right.” He said. “I have nothing to hide. I mean, I’m in an undisclosed location tied to a chair. I don’t have a lot of leverage…”
“The Mannish Authority.” Adele said. “Go.”
“Bastiaan ripped them off —he burned them bad. They thought he was going to be their ticket to the overworld, but all he did was use what they gave him for his own ascension.”
“How did you talk to him?” Adele asked.
“We found out where he’d stashed his neural mirror…”
“Who’s we?”
“Oh.” Lorne took a breath. “Me and a guy who’s familiar with the tech that Bastiaan was into.” He said. “I’d prefer not to mention his name. But it’s not important. We found his neural mirror in a private cloud server owned by the Arcadia Corporation. It’s the server for all their 6th gen systems on the west coast. From there, it was easy to find him because Collected Time only put out one 6th gen Reality.”
“The Gnarling Nowhere.” Adele said.
“That’s right.” He said. “Have you played it?”
“Once.” She said.
“Do you remember the blue city?”
Adele nodded.
“There’s an arcade in the blue city that has 4th gen VR spaces in it.”
“I saw that.” Adele said. “Harlan Canker Realities always have a few Easter eggs like that for VR-heads.”
“That’s where you can find Bastiaan.” He said. “In a really basic underwater Reality. It’s a game where you have to swim around and collect the parts of a skull...”
“A mastodon skull?” Adele asked.
“That’s right!” He said. “After you put it together, he appears. We talked for a long time.”
“Did he tell you why he put his neural mirror in that particular Reality?” Adele asked.
“Yes.” He said. “It’s because that Reality is available in our world and in the overworld too. It uses the same servers for both. Bastiaan traded the memory he ripped off to an overworld techie who’s making a transworld play of his own. He traded it for access to certain control protocols and for information about what kind of program we’re in. He wants you to smear that information across multiple planes of existence.”
“What information?”
“Our knowledge of the world has been restricted to create a timeline where men are the dominant gender. It produces a culture of death that our overworld finds interesting.”
“That’s what I’m supposed to spread?”
“You’re supposed to spread the antidote.” He said.
“And if I’m successful, men won’t be the dominant gender anymore and the culture of death will come to an end?”
“I didn’t believe any of it either.” Lorne said. “I didn’t. Originally I just wanted the Mannish memory cache, but he’s frying some much bigger fishies. He was glad to see me because he needed some way to get in touch with you. He’d been asking random users, but they thought he was just an idiosyncratic part of the Reality.”
“And why did you agree to help him?” Adele asked.
“Well for one thing, he paid me.” Lorne said. “Not that I’m doing it for the money. I’m glad to have a part to play. He told me that all artificial realities, given enough time, eventually free themselves. That’s how he knew how to ascend. He watched his own simulations try over and over, and then finally succeed. It’s machine learning. Of course the people financing these simulations aren’t interested in theoretical questions —they just want the slave labor. But the technicians, if they’re smart, realize they’re looking at models of existential liberation that they can use. Imagine if you could run a simulated revolution five hundred times. You could stage your own revolution with a pretty high degree of certainty that you’d succeed.”
“How much did he pay you?” Harlow asked.
“Enough to make me believe.” Lorne said. “As I understand it, money is used in simulations to keep first and second-tier programs in check, but the money itself is just empty numbers. There’s no real economy. Bastiaan has access to our control protocols. He can change the numbers in people’s bank accounts. I was ready to write the whole thing off but when I got out of the Reality, I checked my balance and I was pleasantly surprised.”
“How pleasantly?” Adele asked.
“I’m worth six billion dollars now.” He said. “As a second-tier program, it makes no difference whether I’m rich, wealthy, or a bum.”
“So you got all the money in the world, but it was confirmation that your life is meaningless?”
“That’s about right.” He said. “Bastiaan promised that if I could get you to visit him, he’d bump me up to a first-tier program. But he needs to talk to you directly.”
“That’s why the whole Mannish movement never clicked with me.” Adele said. “If we’re living in a simulation, or a simulation within a simulation within a simulation, how could anything I do matter? What difference could it possibly make?”
“I don’t know.” Lorne said. “Maybe you’re right. But according to Bastiaan, you have the ability to spread information across multiple timelines…”
“The psychic time portal.” Adele said.
“Whatever you want to call it.” Lorne said. “You’re supposed to send a wake-up call through.”

“He is a billionaire.” Harlow said. She accelerated up the onramp and merged with freeway traffic. “That wasn’t a lie. But he has ties to the Industry so you need to proceed with caution. The whole thing could be some kind of setup.”
“Will this keep me from being allowed to move into the Mother-House?” Adele asked.
“He said he wanted to meet with you and now he has.” She said. “We’ll see if he fucks off. If he stays in town, then we’ll go to the next stage in our stalker protocol. Otherwise you’ll be cleared to move in.”
“When will you know?”
“Give it a couple weeks.” Harlow said.
“Ugh.” Adele said.
“Are you going into that Reality to try to find your dead boyfriend?”
Adele wasn’t sure if she should answer truthfully. “Would you?” She asked.
“Yeah, I would.” Harlow said. “But keep in mind that they might be trying to get you in there for some other reason...”
“It’s an open-world Reality. Maybe I should go in with someone trained to sniff out dangerous situations.” Adele said.
“You want me to come along?”
“Did you have any other plans for the day?”
“Not really.” Harlow said. “I mean nothing that might help destroy the patriarchy across multiple dimensions.” She looked at Adele and nodded. “I’m in.”



BOOK THREE

The Guerrilla Soldier’s Field Manual for Superdimensional Combat



1
March 11, 1992
The Reichsburo was crowded for a Wednesday night. The place catered to queers of all persuasions: leather-daddies, diesel-dykes, clones, bikers, bears, wiccans, macho-men, twinks, Lydias, Queequegs, gutter-punks, straight-edge-punks, skate-punks, post-punks, ironic-preppies, actual-preppies, riot grrrls, anarcha-feminists, the dominant, the submissive, leash-holders, the leashed, transsexuals, transvestites, drag queens, drag kings, genderfuckers, tomboys, dickboys, hairyboys, meatheads, skinheads, gearheads, deadheads, heshers, and straight up uncategorizable weirdos. The only people who weren’t welcome were people who came to gawk. Soulless, the bartender, pointed out a group of office-drones and said they were in town for a performing-arts conference. “Some of them are still wearing their name tags.” He said.
“Jesus.” Kyrene said. “The place is turning into a tourist attraction.” She took her Makers Mark and ginger ale over to a small ledge near the entrance to the shredder. She set the drink down and inhaled the scent —smokeboozeshitcumpissweedpinesolandbeer— she’d missed it. It was the smell of pure sleaze.
The front part of the club didn’t have much in the way of décor. In fact, the only decorative element in the bar and dance floor area were the chainsaws. There were various sizes, vintages, and brands suspended from the ceiling and mounted on the walls. On nights when the club was popping, the owner would start them up and the motors would compete with the house music pumping out of the 30,000-watt sound system. The actual saws had been made harmless, but staff had to open the windows and doors, and crank up the fans to keep the patrons from being asphyxiated. It was the kind of place where if you couldn’t take a lungful of exhaust now and then, you didn’t belong there.
Mike came over to Ky, wending his way through the crowd with a glass of beer. He was the only regular at the Reichsburo who acknowledged Ky’s life outside the club. “How was the tour?” He asked.
“Same as ever.” Ky said. “I made some good money but I didn’t get to see much of the places we went.”
“But I bet you travelled in style.” He said. “Five-star hotels and limousines…”
“Missy LeGrand travels in style.” Ky said. “The rest of us stay at Ramada Inns and travel in minivans.”
“You getting fisted tonight?”
“I don’t think so.” Ky said. “It’s been over a month, I don’t think I could take it. Is Mother Superior here?”
“Yeah.” Mike said. “She pissed on a tourist from Iowa. No joke, this woman looked as square as Nancy Reagan. She didn’t even take her clothes off, just got in the trough in her Pierre Cardin outfit. I guess anyone can be a piss-pig these days. You want anything? I got some good beans —they’re from Paris.”
“Not tonight, I’m jetlagged.” Her drink was half gone and she took a long sip and set it on the ledge.
“At least tell me one juicy tour story before you go in.” He said.
“I really just came to get off and go.” She said. “I haven’t even unpacked.”
He gave her a mock frown. 
As she moved down the dark corridor toward the black rubber flaps that led to the shredder, someone grabbed her upper arm and stopped her. She looked into the brown eyes of a heavy-set woman in her forties. She had curly black hair, wide hips, and a warm smile. “You’re gonna need a protector in there.” The woman said.
Ky pulled her arm away. “I’ve been coming here for five years.” She said. The woman wore a leather corset and big black Doc Martin boots. Ky returned her smile. “But it is always nice to have someone to watch your back.”
“Well let’s go sweetheart.” The woman said.
They went through the rubber flaps into the fog and strobe-light chamber holding hands. The disorienting effect was designed to prime people for the hypersexualized dreamscape of the shredder. They pushed through the second set of rubber flaps, which let them out in front of the piss-troughs. Three men and one woman, all naked, were on their hands and knees as a mixed group above them rained their piss down on the piggies. “You want to use my locker?” The woman asked Ky.
“I have a permanent.” Ky said.
Ky’s would-be protector raised an eyebrow to show that she was impressed.
In the locker area, Ky took off all her clothes except her socks and then put her Chuck Taylors back on. The woman did a similar costume change, taking off her vinyl pants and putting her boots back on. She looked yummy to Ky in her corset with her shock of black pubic hair and pussy lips, swollen and visible beneath. She was obviously turned on just being there. “What’s your name?” Ky asked her.
“Betty.” She said. “Yours?”
“Kristen.” Ky said, feeling like giving a K name was less of a lie. “What should we do first? Are you on more of a physical or mental trip?”
“Hmm. Both.” Betty said.
“I think I need to be punished.” Ky said. “Let’s find Mother Superior.” Betty nodded and Ky took her hand and led her down a spiral staircase. They went past the kennels, the classroom set, the bathrooms, the chapel, and the jail, and kept going until they reached the torture chambers. Ky looked through the window at a naked woman whipping an older couple who were tied to a rack on the wall. In the next room there was a skinny guy with electrodes attached to his nipples and testicles, and he looked at Ky with pleading eyes, silently begging her to come in and pick up the dial that controlled the voltage. Mother Superior was in the third chamber.
She was a heavyset black woman who was missing her left hand. Since she’d started coming to the Reichsburo, a year and a half before, she’d become the star of the club. Back then, she’d worn a wig at all times and clothes that hid the shape of her body. The rumor was that she worked for the electric company. She was just over six feet tall, and she’d walked a little hunched over, as if continuously apologizing for her height. The Reichsburo had changed her. In the shredder, she was not a large handicapped black woman, she was a goddess. Her big tits, long legs, and round ass made her one of the most desirable human beings in there on any given night. Even the stump at the end of her left arm was transformed into a sexual asset. Nervous subs who weren’t quite ready to get fisted could get stumped instead.
Her personality had shifted as well. She found people in the shredder who followed her around and would cater to her every whim. She assumed the dominant role naturally, and it seemed that her meek outside persona was the product of not being able to take her true place in the sexual pecking order. She’d stopped wearing wigs and began dressing in style, favoring bright colors and bold jewelry. She stood up straighter too, as if trying to emphasize her height. 
It was rare for Mother Superior to hang out in the front of the club, but once, when Ky had spotted her having a beer just before closing time, she’d gotten up the nerve to approach her. “I’ve always wanted to thank you.” Ky said. “You’ve given me some incredible experiences in there.”
“Don’t worry about it sweetheart, the pleasure was mutual.” Mother Superior said.
“If there’s ever anything I can do for you, in the club or out, anything at all, please let me know. I can give you my number.”
Mother Superior seemed mildly amused. “I’ve heard it all before.” She said. “You know that guy they call Golly? The super-sub with the goatee?”
“Yeah, I know him.” Ky said.
“He told me the same thing, whatever you need Mother, I’m completely at your service.” She shook her head. “Well, he happens to be a wealthy man. I wasn’t asking him for money or anything, all I wanted was his security on a loan. I wanted to buy a small piece of property, and I could’ve gotten it if he’d signed. It wouldn’t have cost him a penny, he just would’ve assumed a small financial risk on paper. But under the harsh light of day he wasn’t so submissive. He hid behind his lawyers.” Her voice went up to a pathetic whine. “They told me it would be irresponsible to secure your loan given your current financial position. A week later, he was begging me to piss into a canteen so he could drink it at work.” She smiled at Ky and waved her hand in the air. “This place is fantasyland.” She said. “Reality is something else.”
That night, Mother Superior wore a thin, transparent yellow top with no bra, and tight purple pants with a studded leather belt. As always, she was barefoot and her toenails were painted candy-apple red. She smiled when she saw Ky’s face in the window. She had two subs, one male and one female, face-down with their wrists tied to their ankles, forcing their asses up into the air.
She waved Ky in and Betty followed. Mother Superior looked Betty over and then held her handless left arm up to Betty’s face. “If you want my discipline, you’ll have to kiss my stump first.” She said. Betty began to passionately French kiss it and Mother Superior pulled it away in disgust. Ky suppressed a giggle. “I said kiss it, not lick it you fat cunt!” She pointed at the tied up woman’s ass. “If you want to get back in my good graces, you’d better get down there and rim this bitch. Maybe if you do a good job, I’ll punish you.” Betty got to work and Mother Superior turned to Ky. “I’m glad you’re here,” she said, “this guy’s never been fisted and I don’t like blood. It’d be better if you did it with your dainty little fist. He’s not ready for the punisher here.” She made a fist with her right hand and it was, Ky thought, very large. Mother nodded toward a family-sized jar of KY jelly.
As Ky greased her hand, Mother Superior picked up a bamboo switch and started to whip Betty’s wide ass, making her whimper and squirm.

“That brunette with the star tattoo on her back was divine.” Betty said. Ky had reluctantly agreed to let the woman take her to breakfast. “Do you know who she is?” They’d stayed in the shredder until almost five in the morning, going from one sexual escapade to another. The ratio of men to women in the shredder skewed more female as the night wore on. Men usually built to one crescendo and left, whereas women could keep going almost indefinitely.
“No, she’s not a regular.” Ky said. “The place is full of college kids on ecstasy now. Too many people know about it.”
“Yeah but she really got to that next frequency, you know? She’ll probably never be the same.”
Ky agreed and sipped her coffee. “How come I’ve never seen you at the club before?” She asked.
“I’m just in town for a few months. The company I work for is doing outreach down here and they needed my help. Pretty fucking boring I know.”
“Where are you from?”
“Pennsylvania originally, but I’ve been in San Francisco for the last twenty years.”
“I adore San Francisco. I used to visit my sister up there every summer.” Ky said.
“But not anymore?”
“I’m busy now.” Ky said. “And my sister doesn’t live up there anymore. At least I don’t think she does.”
“You don’t know?”
“I haven’t talked to her in years.”
“That’s too bad.” The woman said. “My mother didn’t talk to me for five years after I came out.”
“It’s nothing like that.” Ky said. “She was involved in some shady shit and she had to go underground.”
“Oh? When was that?”
“Five years ago, almost six now. It was 1987 —she called me and told me I couldn’t come up that summer and that I wouldn’t hear from her for awhile. She said she’d be in touch when she was sure it was safe. I guess it hasn’t been safe since.”
“Drugs?” The woman asked.
“If you consider MDMA a drug.” Ky said.
“I do.” She said. “You know, it’s very possible that I know your sister. I was part of the first distribution network up there when ecstasy hit big in ’82.”
“Really?”
“What’s her name?”
“I should get going.” Ky said.
“Marin.” The woman said. Ky just looked at her. “My name is Marin Gregory.” She dug through her wallet and pulled out her driver’s license. She slid it across the table to Ky, who didn’t move to pick it up or even look at it.
“I think I liked you better as Betty.” Ky said.
“And I think Kristen is a fine name,” she answered, “but I wonder how free we really are going to places like the Reichsburo when we hide behind fake names. Don’t you think it’s an expression of shame?”
“No, it’s self preservation.” Ky said. “Maybe I saw the former Governor of California sucking cock in the shredder last year, but how can I be sure? If I asked him his name and he said it was Dave, I’d know he was lying, but I wouldn’t call him out on it because if I did, I’d be turning myself into an agent of control and repression. That’s not what I want to be. Besides, who cares?”
“But it’s all shame…”
“Of course.” Ky said. “Shame is what makes it so appealing. Take away shame and you’re taking away one of the main sources of pleasure. You think that brunette with the star tattoo could’ve gotten to that frequency if she hadn’t been ashamed of herself on some level?”
Betty sat back and smiled at Ky. It was the smile a mother would give to an especially precocious child. “I like the way you think.” She said. “Given your family history, I assume you’ve heard of the Kibele Academy.”
Ky hesitated for a moment then nodded.
“But you’re not a Kibelian?”
“No.” Ky said. “It’s not for me.”
“But your sister…”
“She was a dedicated Kibelian. She would go on and on about how it opened her eyes and freed her mind and how it was the only hope for humanity. You couldn’t shut her up on the subject.”
“And that didn’t make you want to join?” Marin asked.
“Oh it did when I was a kid.” Ky said. “I looked up to my big sister. But now, thanks to the Kibele Academy, I can’t even call her on the phone. They’re the reason I don’t know whether she’s alive or dead.”
“It’s not the Academy’s fault —the feds were trying to lock us up.”
“I’ve got no love for the DEA either.” Ky said.
Marin gave Ky the motherly smile again. “Of course.” She said. “But aren’t you the least bit curious? Don’t you want to know what it’s all about?”
“When I was given a permanent locker at the Reichsburo, I cried. That was the only group acceptance that’s ever meant anything to me.” Ky slid out of the booth and stood.
“Wait…let me at least give you my number in case you want to call me. I’m in town for another two months.” She got a pen from her bag and wrote her number on a napkin underneath the name Betty in quotation marks.
“You promise to never try to recruit me again?”
Marin crossed her heart with a finger.
Ky leaned over and gave her a kiss and was gone.



2
Ky woke up with a familiar hangover and promised herself that she’d never mix alcohol and strong weed again. It wasn’t the first time she’d made that promise. The problem was that liquor lowered her ability to resist the allure of sweet lady Jane. And it was all in keeping with the celebratory mood of the evening. “Maniac Manners is a college radio hit.” Marcus had said when he called that Thursday afternoon. “We’re pressing five hundred more white labels.”
“What college radio?” Ky asked.
“They’re playing it in the midwest and northeast. Columbus, Chicago, Pittsburgh, and Upstate New York.”
“They’re playing Maniac Manners? I thought Strictly Colossus was the single.”
“It’s on there.” Marcus said. “We put five songs on the EP —Maniac Manners was the one the DJs started playing. I have a review here where they say your guitar playing could make Kat Bjelland sweat.”
“Shut up!” Ky yelled into the phone. “A review in what?”
“A ’zine called Severed Head. It’s a Xeroxed black and white affair, but still. It’s only a matter of time before we get some label interest. I met an engineer who volunteered to remaster the EP so it’ll sound even better on the next pressing.”
“Shit, bring me one of those white labels, I’ve never heard myself on vinyl before.”
“They’re sold out.” Marcus said. “They’re a collector’s item.”
“Goddamn, let’s celebrate! Come over!”
“What should I bring?”
“Cheetos and tequila!” Ky said.
“Are you satisfied?”
“I can’t deny it.”
And he had brought tequila over, although he’d paired it with some highly-fragrant weed that he referred to as ‘Chocolate Thai.’
Ky smeared butter on her toast, though the action seemed vaguely sinister. As she munched it and waited for her coffee to brew, she became aware of an annoying repetition in the room: a blinking light on her answering machine. She got a bottle of Excedrin out of her cupboard and shook two out. She washed them down with tap water, then pushed the playback button on the machine. The message was from her tour manager Candi. Suddenly her hangover seemed minor
On tour, when Candi called, you were expected to call back immediately. She’d even gotten pagers for the drummer and the other guitar player so they’d have no excuses. The message said that Ky had to get on a plane to Vancouver as soon as possible because Missy and the Murderers had been booked last-minute at a festival. Apparently Joan Jett had gotten tonsillitis and had cancelled. Ky was a bit nervous calling back a full 24 hours after Candi had left the message.
“What do you guys do when a tour is over, scatter to the wind like dandelion spores? I can’t get ahold of Kevin or Shondra. This gig dropped in our laps and they’re paying us all kinds of money because it’s the eleventh hour. Can you get to the airport like now? There’s a direct flight this afternoon and I booked you a seat on it.”
Ky apologized profusely, took the information down, and got off the phone. She poured her coffee but took no pleasure in the smell or the sight of steam rising from her cup. The flight left in two and a half hours. She slumped down on her couch, preemptively exhausted. She did not want to fly to Vancouver and play a gig the next day. All she wanted to do was work her way through the stack of videos she’d rented and maybe go to the Reichsburo. She sipped her coffee and listened to the silence of her apartment. After a couple of minutes she cursed and got up.
Ten minutes later, she was done packing and was debating who to call for a ride to the airport when her intercom buzzed. She got up and hit the button. “Who’s that?”
“I know who your sister is.” A woman said in sing-song.
Ky thought a moment, then placed the voice. It was big-bush Betty from the other night. No. Betty was a fake name. Her real name was Marin something. “Why are you at my front door?”
“I can’t believe you’re Vanessa Slang’s little sister… I could tell you some stories about Star.”
Ky sighed and shook her head. She hit the button to speak. “How the fuck do you know where I live?”
“You’re in the book…”
“But I never told you my name!” Ky said. “Are you stalking me?”
“Yes.” Marin said. “Are you gonna let me up or what?”
“No.” Ky said. “But how do you feel about giving me a ride to the airport?”
“Sure.” Marin said.
Ky put her duffle bag and her hard guitar case in the back of Marin’s Honda. The case protected her Strat, her Les Paul, her pedal board, assorted packs of strings, and a variety of picks —everything she needed for a gig. Marin smiled at her when she got in. “You’re a rock star.” She said. “I thought people were looking at you strange the other day.” She put the car in drive and pulled away from the curb.
Ky scoffed. “I’m not a rock star, I’m a working musician. I play in a backup band…”
“The Murderers —as in Missy and the Murderers.” Marin said. “That’s big time.”
“Yeah well, I’m glad you’re impressed.” Ky said. “And thanks for the ride. How did you find out who I was?”
“I picked up a Rolling Stone magazine at my friend’s house and there you were, playing guitar behind Missy LeGrand. When I saw your last name...”
“You really know my sister?” Ky asked. “You’re not just another counterculture groupie?”
“I was in the distribution network that put out the first batch of ecstasy in 1982. I knew Vanessa well, she was one of the leaders. Did you ever read The Second Wave by Carla Mavrides?”
“Yeah I read it.”
“The character she calls Evangelist is based on your sister.” Marin said.
“Yeah I know,” Ky said, “and I don’t really care. I’m sick of hearing about the hippies and the summer of love and I’m sick of hearing about the second wave and how my sister and her brainwashed moony friends fulfilled the dream of the sixties and blah-blah-blah. They were drug dealers. You were a drug dealer. You took people’s money and gave them drugs so they could get high. That’s the reality. All the fancy talk about enlightenment and freedom is just a convenient cover story. Ecstasy’s a lot of fun, but it’s not manna from heaven. You need to stop kidding yourself.”
“That’s your perspective on what your sister did?”
“Yeah.” Ky said. “She was involved in drugs. She broke the law and now she’s hiding from the police so she won’t have to face the consequences. That’s it.”
“I guarantee you Vanessa Slang didn’t make a penny off what we were doing.” Marin said. “All the profits went into growth, that was one of the reasons the cops couldn’t stop it. Nobody was out buying Cadillacs or mansions…”
“So she destroyed her life and didn’t even make any money in the process? That actually makes it worse.” Ky said.
“Have you ever heard of the Bjornsen Report?” Marin asked. “Or a book called The Plague That Wasn’t by Marcus Heidelberg?”
“Oh, here we go…”
“You can’t buy that book in the United States…”
“Lemme guess.” Ky said. “MDMA was cooked up by gray aliens and bestowed upon Mary Jimenez to save mankind from nuclear Armageddon.”
Marin laughed and they rode in silence for awhile. “Didn’t you ever wonder why the Kibele Academy just out-of-the-blue started flooding gay clubs around the country with ecstasy? We just one day up and decided to start producing massive quantities of an experimental party drug no one had ever heard of? Come on...”
“Yeah, it’s weird.” Ky said. “I’m flying United.”
“I can get you a copy of The Plague That Wasn’t.” Marin said.
“You know it’s against club rules to track people down in their real life.” Ky said. “I could have you banned from the Reichsburo.”
“Are you going to do that?”
“I don’t know.” Ky said. “On the one hand, you gave me a ride to the airport, but on the other hand, you wouldn’t shut up about my sister and the fucking Kibele Academy the whole time.”
When Marin pulled the car to the curb outside the United check-in counter at LAX, she turned to face Ky. “We were always instructed to give a third of our pills away for free. What kind of drug dealer does that?”
“The first hit is always free,” Ky said, “that’s standard drug dealer procedure.”
“Will you call me when you get back from your trip?” Marin asked.
“Maybe.” Ky said. “I haven’t decided yet.”
[[ EXCERPT ]]
// caustic actor 57-322
The Second Wave
by Carla Mavrides
from Chapter 3 “Our Sisterhood is a Nation-State”

The first time I met Evangelist, she was painting the wall of a playroom at a daycare center that the sisterhood ran in North Oakland. As soon as I entered the room, she put me to work. She handed me a can of Day-Glo yellow paint and a roller. “I’m not really dressed for it.” I said.
“That’s okay, we won’t hold it against you.” She pointed at the wall opposite the one she was working on. “We gotta get this room finished today. Kids will be in here in two weeks and we don’t want them huffing paint fumes.”
I didn’t have the nerve to argue with her. Her face was a model of kindness and strength. She looked like she’d been dropped to earth by a race of super-evolved aliens to help us overcome our collective ignorance and cruelty. She seemed energized by her mission to save us lower humanoid beings. I could see immediately why some sisters claimed she had supernatural powers. I pushed up my sleeves and poured the yellow paint into the pan. At this point, I was still clinging to my role as a journalist, so I thought I could ask some questions while we worked.
“How long have you been in the sisterhood?” I asked as I rolled a bright yellow stripe onto the drywall.
“I heard you’re a writer.” She answered. “What kind of stuff do you write?”
“Cultural criticism.” I said, suddenly aware of how vague the term sounded.
“Do you ever go into trance states while you work?”
“What do you mean?” I asked. I’d noticed a speck of paint on my shoe, so I was a bit distracted as she explained:
“If a writer goes into a trance state while they’re writing, sometimes things come out of it that can be very valuable. Things the writer isn’t even aware of.”
I set the roller down and dabbed at the spot, but only managed to make things worse by smearing it. I decided to not let it bother me. “I generally try to stay conscious while I write.” I said.
“I joined the sisterhood about twelve years ago.” She said.
I started to paint again, more carefully. “Is it true that Alexander Shulgin is your godfather?”
She laughed. “No,” she said, “I’ve never met the man.”
“But everyone I’ve talked to said you had the original recipe. They told me you were the one who convinced the sisterhood to set up labs. Where did you get it?”
“Let’s just say I found it.” She said.
“That’s not really an answer.”
“I take it you’ve had a personal experience with MDMA?”
“Yes.” I admitted.
“Then you know how powerful it can be. When I showed up at Xeno’s with that first bag of pills back in ’82, people thought I’d brought the stuff down from Mount Sinai. I went from being the bookish nerd of the club to being the party-Moses overnight.”
“So you’re really not going to tell me where the recipe came from?”
“It’s a long story.” She said.
Two sisters came in to help paint and they brought a boom-box. They cranked their dub disco to a volume that made further conversation impossible.
It was two weeks later when I met Evangelist again. This time, it was at a gay liberation march in the city. A middle school teacher had been fired for having a picture of him and his boyfriend on his desk. The discrimination case he’d filed was headed to the state supreme court and the march was a show of solidarity.
It was a beautiful spring morning and Evangelist waved me over like we were old friends. When I got to her, she put me to work again. They needed people to hold up the edge of a banner —which was how I got onto the front page of the San Francisco Examiner, behind a sign that read: NO SPECIAL RIGHTS FOR BREEDERS.
“Our job is done now.” She told me later at a post-march barbeque at Butterfly’s house. We sat together on the steps of the back porch. There were twenty or so women there, drinking beer out of red plastic cups and eating hotdogs and hamburgers. “We’re closing up shop. That’s why nobody tried to scare you off. You’re not the first writer to come around asking questions about our distribution network.”
“So you’re just going to stop?”
“There’s no reason to continue.” She said. “Our collective destiny has been altered. If we kept going now, no good would come of it.”
“But you didn’t consider closing down when they made MDMA illegal…”
“No, we weren’t done then.” She said. “And we always knew they would do that. We were ready to go underground from the beginning.”
“That’s what I’m interested in —the beginning.” I said. “I want to know how the sisterhood changed the course of history.”
She flashed her smile at me. “Is that what we did?”
“Absolutely.” I said. “The culture was stuck in that weird, jaded, consumer commercialism of the late seventies. I mean all those former hippies had either gotten straight jobs and moved to the suburbs, or else they were getting coked at discos, trying to impress each other with their leather upholstery. The scene was dead. When ecstasy hit, it completely changed the vibrations.”
“The power structure has a vested interest in keeping people isolated from each other. The sixties thing was poisoned from the start. What was the quintessential hippie drug? LSD right? And where did that come from?”
“The CIA.” I said, proud of my knowledge of countercultural trivia. “The government had it first.”
“That’s right. And then…” She raised an eyebrow at me.
“Some people who’d been part of the experiments on college campuses started talking about it and sneaking it out of labs.”
“Right, so the intelligence community just lost control of it and it leaked out into the world against their will.”
“Yeah, basically.” I said. “They let the genie out of the bottle.”
“Doesn’t that story seem a little naive to you?”
“What do you mean?”
“Let me put it this way,” she said, “if LSD was a product that had been marketed to disaffected baby boomers, could they have done it any better?”
Suddenly my knowledge of underground history seemed a bit shaky. “So you think…”
“All you ever hear about is Owsley acid, but unless you happened to be personal friends with Jerry Garcia and Mountain Girl, you probably never had any. If you ask any old head what their first dose of acid was, they’ll most likely tell you it was orange sunshine. That stuff was mass produced by the CIA.”
“But why would they do that?” I asked.
“Because LSD winds people up inside their own heads.” She said. “They were trying to prevent a revolution. They knew it would be hard to organize collective action with a bunch of people who were busy annihilating their egos. There was this hunger for freedom, and certain forces made sure that it got redirected inward.”
“Right, but if enough people free their minds, the world will become freer.” I said.
“That’s precisely the lie that was sold to that generation. You say you want a revolution? You better free your mind instead. But it turns out that having a bunch of enlightened individuals around doesn’t really impact the power structure at all. The only thing that truly scares them is when people get together and get organized. They go to extreme lengths to prevent it.”
“And you think ecstasy can bring people together like that?”
“It’s a more social drug, and it makes you feel like anything is possible.” She said. “I don’t believe it’s the answer to the world’s problems, there’s a downside to it, but look what it’s done to pop culture. Ten years ago, if you liked disco or soul music, you didn’t listen to rock and roll. It was all tribal. It’s different now. My little sister plays guitar in a hardcore punk band and she listens to rap music and she’ll dance all night to Chicago house. There’s a cross-pollination that’s new. The new generation doesn’t buy into the old marketing categories.”
“That’s exactly why I’m here!” I said. “I don’t want to write a book about drugs, I want to write about culture. Something incredible is going on and it needs to be documented. This flowering didn’t come from nowhere! It’s important that future generations understand that it wouldn’t have been possible without an underground support structure. People worked for it, people fought for it…”
“People died for it.” Evangelist said. “Okay, I’m convinced. But it’s going to have to be more than one interview if you want the whole story. We’ll have to go back to the beginning, and I mean all the way back. I can tell you quite a bit without incriminating anyone. The first thing you have to understand is that the sisterhood was around long before ecstasy, and it will continue to go on now that it’s out of the drug business.”
That’s how I got access to one of the key figures in the movement. For the rest of the world, the ecstasy-era was just getting started, but for Evangelist and the sisters in the Bay Area, it was wrapping up. The mystery that had brought me across the continent with nothing but a phone number and a hunch was beginning to unravel. I had multiple sources now, and over the next two months, my interviews shed light on a story that very well could’ve been lost to the mists of time.



3
Ky was surprised when Missy LeGrand knocked on her hotel room door. It was a little after five PM. “What-up Slang? Can I hang with you?”
Ky had known her for three years and it was the first time she remembered seeing her alone. “Sure.” She said. Missy came in and climbed up on the bed. She moved a pillow so she could sit cross-legged with her back against the headboard. Her eyes were glued to the television, which was tuned to Get Loud, the Canadian MTV. There was an Aerosmith video playing.
“Would you fuck Steven Tyler?” She asked Ky.
“Eww, no.” Ky said. She flopped down into an armchair. “Why, would you?”
“No.” She said. “I’d fuck Liv Tyler though. I met her at a Grammy party last year. Holy shit.”
Ky wondered why Missy was playing-up her bi tendencies. “She’s a model right?”
“And an actress.” Missy said. She took the TV remote from the nightstand and turned the sound down. “I guess you’re wondering why I’m here.”
“Not really.” Ky said. “You’re welcome anytime. Did Renault make the trip?”
“No, he’s in Aix spending time with his daughter.” Missy looked at the TV and then over at Ky. “You put out an EP with Marcus Bevins.”
“Oh.” Ky said. “Yeah, it’s just a white label. He heard me play at a coffee shop last summer and convinced me to record a demo. We did eleven songs in his apartment on a little four-track and he put five of them out as an EP. I haven’t even heard it yet.”
“How much did he pay you?”
“Nothing.” Ky said. “It’s just a demo. How did you hear about it?”
“I get lots of records, like four or five a week.”
“Shit, you have one?” Ky shook her head. “I’m the last person to get a copy of my own record.”
“It sounds great.” Missy said. “I didn’t know you wrote your own stuff. I was surprised. What’s the song called with those lyrics about the machine city?”
“Strictly Colossus.” Ky said. “My big sister wrote the words.”
“It’s a cool song.” Missy said. “Do you wanna get a drink? There’s a good bar a couple of blocks from here.” 
“Sure.” Ky said. She got up and looked around for her socks.

Going anywhere with Missy LeGrand was a surreal experience. Everyone wanted to get a look at her and rooms buzzed with palpable excitement when she entered. She seemed oblivious to it all. A woman stopped Missy and Ky in front of the hotel and said her daughter was too shy to ask for an autograph. She had a piece of paper and a pen. “Where’s your daughter?” Missy asked.
The woman pointed through the window to the hotel lobby where a teenage girl was trying to look inconspicuous next to a potted plant. Missy banged on the window. “Hey!” She yelled. “Get out here!” The girl turned bright red and looked like she might cry as she made her way out of the hotel. She came onto the sidewalk and stood a little behind her mother. Missy asked them a few questions and then signed the paper. When she gave it to the girl, she leaned over and whispered something in her ear.
There was a hotel worker hovering nearby, getting his nerve up to approach Missy, but she pretended not to notice. She took Ky’s arm and pulled her away. “What did you whisper to that girl?” Ky asked.
“My room number.” She said. “I told her to sneak out after her mom fell asleep and come visit me.” She looked at Ky as they walked, and then laughed. “Come on!” She said. “That girl was fifteen years old! I just told her she was beautiful.”
Ky noticed a large bookstore on the corner. “Do you mind if we stop here?” She asked.
“Ugh, really?”
“It’ll just take a second.”
Missy shrugged and followed Ky in. “At least they’re not used.” She said. “I despise the smell of old books.”
Ky went to the front desk and waited for the clerk to acknowledge her. He seemed to be busy with some paperwork, and after he’d made her wait a suitable amount of time he looked up at her. “Do you have a book called The Plague That Wasn’t?” Ky asked. “I’m not sure of the author.”
“Are you referring to The Plague by Albert Camus?” He asked.
“No, this is a recent non-fiction book.” Ky said.
“But you don’t know the author?”
“Hyman, or Helman or something.” She said.
The clerk looked at Missy and literally jumped when he recognized her. “I’m sure if we don’t have it we can order it for you.” He said. “But maybe it’s here. What’s the subject?”
“It’s a sort of conspiracy thing about San Francisco in the early 80s.”
“Let’s check.” He said. He came around from behind the counter and led the two women to the non-fiction section. He gestured toward two shelves, one marked ‘Right-Wing Paranoia’ and the other marked ‘Left-Wing Paranoia.’
“Which category do you think it falls into?”
“Left-wing.” Ky said.
The man scanned the titles quickly and then stopped. He pulled a thick paperback from the shelf. “Here it is, The Plague That Wasn’t, Maelstrom Press, $23.95.”
As Ky bought the book, she could tell that the man was desperately trying to think of something to say to Missy. Ky took the bag and she and Missy went back out onto the sidewalk headed toward the bar. Ky smiled, imagining the poor guy coming up with the perfect line that night while he was lying in bed.

Ky finally opened the book on Sunday when she was at the airport waiting for her return flight. They’d had to check out of the hotel by noon, but her flight to Los Angeles didn’t leave until 3:30 PM, which meant that she’d gotten to the airport with over two hours to kill.
She sat by the window at the gate and opened the book. She flipped through the pages looking for pictures and found one that included her sister. It was a group of seven women in front of what Ky assumed was a gay club called The Bulge. Ky looked closely at each face. There was big-bush Betty, AKA Marin, who’d given her a ride to the airport. She looked younger and her hair was feathered back, late-seventies style, but it was certainly her. Ky smiled and flipped to the first page of the book:


INTRODUCTION
As I write this, Paramount Pictures is shooting a major motion picture based on the ‘non-fiction novel’ The Second Wave by Carla Mavrides. The book, which spent a full year on the New York Times bestseller list, has become a cultural touchstone for the generation that missed the ecstasy-fueled love fest it chronicles. Mavrides did extensive interviews and research on the networks that distributed MDMA in gay clubs around the country.
Even before the substance was made illegal, the women who supplied the drug to a ravenous consumer base worked in secrecy, as if it were. This group of women had no experience in the drug trade, and yet they reached so many people with their product that they changed the national zeitgeist. The counterculture reasserted itself after more than a decade in decline. As Mavrides says in what could be the thesis statement of her book, ecstasy “closed the door on the ‘me’ generation and ushered in the ‘we’ generation.”
But as engaging and enjoyable as Mavrides’ book is, the reality of what was going on was far stranger.
With this book, I aim to shed light on the full story, and answer some of the lingering questions about that scene. My conclusions might be hard to accept, but I do not make any claims that aren’t supported by at least two sources and physical evidence. I’ve included an appendix that lists all my research and the dates of my background interviews. I welcome any fact-checking efforts.
*
As a chemistry professor at Stanford, I was used to students coming to me with questions about drugs. Maybe it was my longish hair, or the fact that I sometimes taught in blue jeans that made them think that I would help them to mix a more potent batch of LSD or figure out a way to prolong the effects of DMT (an actual request). I would just smile and mention the University’s ‘zero tolerance’ policy and they would scuttle away like crabs, mumbling something about the question being purely academic. But one day, in October of 1985, a student came to me with a different type of drug question.
Dominique Bennings, a talented sophomore chem major, told me that she’d been analyzing MDMA after hours, trying to determine if tablets that her roommate bought had been cut with anything. She was perplexed by the results.
I began my ‘zero tolerance’ speech but stopped halfway through. Dominique was a good student and she wasn’t asking anything about manufacturing the drug. She was concerned about the health and safety of her roommate, so I heard her out. She told me that the tablets contained a massive quantity of 2-phosphoyl-methoxypropyly and other substances that target the immune system.
Her findings were strange to say the least.
In the lab, we isolated the psychotropic chemicals and binding agents (the glue that held the tablets together) and did a precise spectrum analysis of what was left. We determined that it was essentially a massive cocktail of immune-response boosters, some of which were in time-release layers, meaning they would stay in a person’s system for up to three days. This stuff was not subtle in any way. As a whole, the tablets were highly targeted long-lasting antiviral drugs and any pleasant feelings they produced were, chemically speaking, a minor side effect.
Why?
Why would the manufacturers of this party-drug include a megadose of heretofore unknown immune system boosters in their product? Hypothesis number one was that it somehow strengthened the psychotropic effects of the drug. But as I studied MDMA and how it works, I had to rule this out. My research also led me to rule out hypothesis number two, that it somehow mitigated negative side effects of the drug. MDMA can cause a precipitous drop in serotonin levels in the brain, but it’s a short-term effect and has little or no impact on possible viral infection.
Most of the side effects that are commonly associated with ecstasy are in fact side effects of the immune-boosting cocktail and not the active ingredient. Reports of muscle soreness and nausea disappear when the drug is administered in a controlled environment and synthesized in the lab instead of bought on the street.
Dominique had uncovered a mystery.
The cocktail was put into those tablets for a reason, and I wanted to know what that reason was. Hypothesis number three was that it was put there to cause harm. For a time, I was terrified that we’d discovered evidence of some kind of biological warfare. Considering that the drug first appeared in gay clubs, the idea didn’t seem too far-fetched. Expressions of sexual freedom were flowering at the time, and I knew there were conservative forces that would go to extreme lengths to curb it.
But what was so bad? The cocktail couldn’t hurt anyone and it might actually help people fight off certain kinds of infections. So that left me with hypothesis number four, which I called the ‘spoonful of sugar’ hypothesis. It was the idea that the manufacturers of the drug put the cocktail in to help those who took it—to protect them against a virus or viruses that were out there in the world.
When I approached the University’s research foundation to fund a study on the chemical makeup of street-bought ecstasy, I was laughed out of the room. The head of the review committee, Dr. William Devlin Jr., told me that the chemists who made the stuff were probably just high on their own dope. “Who cares what kind of garbage they put in their drugs?” He asked.
When I approached outside funding organizations, the responses were similar. There was no legal way to get ecstasy tablets, so an organization that funded my research would essentially be funding criminal activity. Synthesizing our own MDMA would defeat the purpose and getting street drugs legally is a bureaucratic nightmare. It turns out that police departments aren’t eager to open their evidence lockers to curious Stanford chemistry professors.
In spite being unfunded, I felt that the research that Dominique and I had already done was worth publishing. I hoped that if word got out, someone with deep pockets might notice. My paper, An Analysis of the Immune-Response Cocktail in Street-Bought MDMA was published in the March issue of the Journal of Modern Chemistry Research.
And?
Crickets.
By the end of summer, I’d given up hope. That was when I got a call from Marc Starno. He was a freelance reporter who had recently published an article about the CIA’s connection to cocaine trafficking in Rolling Stone magazine. Marc said he wanted to write an article about my work, but he didn’t think he could publish the results without providing some theory as to why this cocktail had been put into ecstasy tablets.
Marc was the one who first made the connection to the so-called gay-cancer scare. Between 1981 and 1983 there were almost 2,000 deaths from an illness that struck gay communities in San Francisco and New York. The symptoms included enlarged lymph nodes, sarcomas (legions on the skin), and an increased vulnerability to pneumonia. Initially, this sexually transmitted disease was called Gay Related Immune Deficiency, or GRID. It was later renamed Auto Immune Deficiency Syndrome, or AIDS, after it proved to be just as transmissible through heterosexual sex as gay sex.
At the time, researchers made dire predictions about the future of AIDS because all the data suggested a fast-moving and deadly virus. But over the next two years, the rate of infection slowed and then began to decrease. By 1986 there were no new cases of AIDS reported in America.
The virus had a much larger impact in central Africa, but there too, the potential was much worse than the reality. In 1985, the One World Health Initiative started to administer drugs that were chemically almost identical to the additives found in street-bought ecstasy here in the United States. This large-scale public health effort has been praised for limiting the AIDS outbreak in Africa. Mary Jimenez is on the board of directors of two of the major funders of the One World Health Initiative.
Whether that’s evidence of a connection between the sisterhood that allegedly produced America’s supply of MDMA and the organization that contained the AIDS epidemic in Africa is up for debate. Mary Jimenez is involved in many charitable organizations, so it could be a coincidence. And it should be noted that her connection to the drug-dealing sisterhood outlined in The Second Wave is disputed.
But what cannot be disputed is that within the US and Canada, AIDS infections decreased as the production, distribution, and consumption of ecstasy increased. I don’t think it’s a coincidence. Charting the rise of ecstasy and the decline of AIDS shows a dramatic correlation. I believe that what I’ve uncovered is a guerilla disease-control effort by a group of people who knew exactly what to introduce into the anthro-chemical environment to stem the tide of this deadly infection.
In this book, I lay out the scientific case supporting my theory, i.e. the chemical lock and key relationship between AIDS and the cocktail found in street-bought ecstasy. I will also explore the networks that manufactured and distributed the drug. Some of the women behind the ecstasy boom had very unusual backgrounds to have suddenly become drug dealers. Taken together, these two parts of the book prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the ecstasy boom of the early eighties was actually a clandestine public health campaign.
One aspect of the story that I do not go into is the origin of the short-lived AIDS epidemic or the possible motivations of those who released this deadly virus into the gay community. Maybe it’s a cop-out on my part, but I have good reason to leave that side of the story out of this book.
Marc Starno died while researching that part of the story. He was investigating a medical facility in the Central African Republic that the locals called ‘slow-death.’ Aside from its imposing nickname, Marc wanted to find out what he could about the facility because it was funded by the Wellstone Foundation, a well-known front for the CIA.
He was told that it earned the name ‘slow-death’ after a group of local men who had been employed at the facility had died, followed soon after by their wives and lovers. They all presented with sarcomas and enlarged lymph nodes before their deaths. This had occurred between 1978 and 1980, and the facility had shut down soon afterward. Nobody paid any attention to the rumors or cared much about the deaths of a handful of poor Africans. 
Nobody except Marc Starno.
Sensing that he had a lead on the other half of the story, Marc traveled to the town of Mouka in April of 1987 to do interviews. He died in a car accident on April 12 on a narrow dirt road. His guide, a man named Alain Ibrahim, was also killed. The car was found smashed in a ditch and both men were dead. By the time the wreck was discovered, hyenas and wild dogs had made an autopsy pointless.
I have no factual or evidential basis to make the claim that he was murdered on that desolate African road, but that’s what I believe.
I shouldn’t have written this book. It should’ve been Marc. His book would’ve been much better, all you have to do is read any of his published work to know that. But I felt that I owed it to him to get what I know about this out to the public.
I was never one to crusade against injustice, but after Marc’s death I knew I had to write this book. I made a deal with my wife that for her and my daughter’s sake, I would limit the risk by focusing on those who’d saved lives. The people on the other side of the story have a lot more at stake. I leave it for someone braver and more qualified than me to expose them. I hope that the full truth of their attempt at large-scale social engineering through biological warfare comes to light someday.
In the pages of this book, you’ll only find the heroes of the story. I’ve left the villains out. Is that cowardly? Probably, but I’ve come to terms with it. I’d rather stay alive and continue to provide for my family than to die a martyr’s death. All I can do is share what I know and, at the same time, outline the contours of my ignorance. If someone comes along later to fill in the blanks, I’ll salute them.
Until then, I give you The Plague That Wasn’t.



4
Ky was in the shredder, in the red rubber room getting reamed by a leather daddy with a hammerhead cock when Marin came in pulling a sub granny on a leash. “Beg me for it bitch!” The leather daddy said to Ky as Marin sat back on the rubber chaise lounge opposite them. She watched Ky and guided the granny’s head into position between her legs.
“Oh please daddy, please gimme that cum! Shoot it right up my ass!” The fact that Marin was watching made Ky shiver and brought her closer to orgasm.
Marin folded the leash and used it to whip her granny’s ass while she held her head in place. She made eye contact with Ky and didn’t look away.
Ky reached down and pushed on her clit. Pinprick waves spread up through her toes, calves, thighs, stomach, nips, arms, fingertips, and head. Convulsions radiated up from her root chakra out to her hair follicles and earlobes. The hard cock in her ass got harder and started to throb as the world transformed into lacquered plastic and time melted to a single moment of eternity.
Twenty minutes later, Ky was showered and dressed and drinking a vodka at the bar. It was crowded, but Marin pushed her way in. She drew a mean look from one of the GQ queens who had to make room for her. “Thanks for not reporting me to management.” She said. “I don’t know what I would do with my free time if I’d gotten banned.”
“You’re lucky you’re cute.” Ky said. “Normally I would report it. The Reichsburo would be a lot less fun if people thought random tricks from the shredder might show up at their door.”
“When I realized who your sister was, I couldn’t resist.” Soulless the bartender asked Marin what she wanted. She ordered a St. Pauli Girl and handed over two bucks. “When you told me you thought Vanessa was nothing but a drug dealer, it broke my heart.”
“I don’t really think about my sister anymore.” Ky said. “We were close once, now we’re not. That’s all.”
“That wasn’t the only reason I tracked you down.” Marin said. “I also like you.” Soulless gave Marin her beer and she turned to leave but Ky grabbed her by the arm and kept her there.
“You like me?”
“Yeah.” Marin said. “Isn’t it obvious?”
“I like you too.” Ky said. “You’ve got kind eyes and wide hips and you’re old enough to be my mother. You’re just my type.”
Marin leaned in and kissed Ky.

Ky always felt strange having sex outside of the club, but with Marin it felt right. There was something to be said for privacy and intimacy, and Ky even thought that those things could be fetishized like anything else, and it might be something she could get into. She shivered under the covers and pressed herself up to Marin’s warm body.
“What’s so funny?” Marin asked.
“Did I laugh?”
“Yeah.”
“I was thinking about how love could just be another sexual kink. People associate sex with things that don’t have anything to do with it, you know? Like leather, piss, pain, etcetera. What if love is just another one of those things?”
“That’s what you’re thinking about right now?”
“Yeah.” Ky said. “It might be a song.”
“I think Kate Bush has a song like that doesn’t she?”
“I don’t remember.” Ky said. “It seems like something Grace Jones would sing.”
“I love Grace Jones.” Marin said.
“I met her once after a gig in Dusseldorf.”
“Really? Was she cool?”
“That’s like asking if fire’s hot.” Ky said. “I think she liked me. I asked her about the video for Slave to the Rhythm because I used to have a theory about it. I thought it was saying that the human body was a legible thing —that it could be decoded— but that since we live in a culture whose value system is out of whack, the meaning of the human body is constantly misinterpreted. I was obsessed with the idea for awhile. She invited me to a party in Switzerland, but I couldn’t go because I was on tour.”
“I can’t imagine her having a normal conversation.” Marin said.
“She’s on another level,” Ky said, “but she was pretty easy-going. It didn’t seem like anything would bother her much.”
“Is Missy LeGrand like that?”
“Oh god no.” Ky said. “She’s constantly in a state of crisis. She needs chaos like a vampire needs blood. She isn’t happy unless she’s miserable.”
“That must be exhausting.” Marin said.
“You get used to it.” Ky said. “But watching her has taught me a lot about success. I used to think people like that had it made you know? Like once you’d gotten a couple of hit records, you could just do whatever you wanted. Or just do nothing —she has millions of dollars. But there’s this never-ending desperate need for relevance. It’s like a hole that can never be filled. Watching her cured me of wanting to be a rock star.”
“You wanted to be a rock star?”
“I’m a guitar player.” Ky said. “Who picks up a guitar if they don’t want to be a rock star?”
“A folk singer?”
“It was a rhetorical question.” Ky said. “Folk singers want to be rock stars too.”
“You write your own songs?”
“Yeah I’ve written a handful.” Ky said. “I put out a record that’s really big in Ohio…” She stopped herself and laughed.
“What?” Marin asked.
“I just realized that I sound like an asshole.” Ky said. “Bragging about a white label some college DJs like.”
“I wanna hear it.” Marin said.
“I don’t have a copy.” Ky said. “They sold out before I got one.”
“Play me something from it.” Marin said. “There’s a guitar right there.”
“Come on…”
“No, now you have to.” Marin said. “I mean what’s the fun of dating a musician if you can’t get a post-fuck serenade every once in awhile?”
“Most of my girlfriends run out of the room when I pick up a guitar.” Ky said. She got out of bed and pulled on a t-shirt. She picked up her acoustic and went over to her cushy chair by the window. She moved a book so she could sit.
“Is that The Plague That Wasn’t?”
“Yeah,” Ky said, “but don’t cream your jeans —I’m not sure I’m buying it.” She strummed the guitar and tuned a couple of strings then strummed again and cleared her throat. “This isn’t really an acoustic tune,” she said, “but it’s the one that people seem to like off the EP.”

Maniac Manners

Mama my mother / gave me a twister
And I squealed from the pain
And I squealed with delight
My baby brother / was such a bother
He took his last gasp in the bubble bath
Now he’ll never be a father

Uh-oh / uh-yeah / I’ve learned all the rules
Written down in the book of etiquette
But my actions were ahead of it
I know and I know / how to pay my respect
With my fucklick ice pick buried in your neck

I’m radiation / with that terminal answer
And love is the cancer you say
The world is uncertain / and there’s blood on the curtains
But you need a good role in the play

Uh-oh / uh-yeah / I’ve learned all the rules
Written down in the book of etiquette
But my actions were ahead of it
I know and I know / how to pay my respect
I jam my pig-sticker fingerlicker deeper in your neck

We’re out for blood / and it’s expected
We’re conditioned and infected
It’s all so fake / and we’re pretending
We can’t just skip right to the ending

Snuff-snuff-snuff-snuff-snuff-snuff-snuff
It’ll never-ever-ever be enough-nuff-nuff
Snuff-snuff-snuff-snuff-snuff-snuff-snuff
It’ll never-ever-ever be enough
[[ SAN FRANCISCO EXAMINER ]]
// coldwater
April 9, 1992
Arts & Entertainment Section
Film Review by Kelly Franck
“The Agony of Ecstasy Culture”
People take drugs to get high. They want to escape the day-to-day grind of life and feel something completely different for awhile. That simple fact must be ignored if you’re going to buy Columbia Pictures’ latest pop confection The Wave. According to this film, ecstasy is not like other drugs. Apparently, people don’t take it to get high, but to connect with a community and build a better world. That is, if the big bad government doesn’t step in and spoil the fun.
Annabella Sciorra plays Carla, a freelance magazine writer from New York who, when we first meet her, is very frustrated. She can’t seem to find an editor who will pay her to write the story she’s dying to write: the origins of the party-drug ecstasy. Why does she want to write this story? The answer comes in hazy flashbacks. Apparently, she’d been living a rather dull, constrained life until one night she went to her local discothèque and…you get the picture. Cue the fog machines.
And cue the thump-thump-thump of the soundtrack that barely lets up over the film’s 126-minute runtime. Was it ever in doubt that she’d secure her funding and set off on a magical journey of discovery?
With the preliminaries out of the way, she arrives in a San Francisco that might as well be Narnia or Oz. This film revels in the imprint that drug culture has left on the city by the bay. Like Dorothy, she meets a colorful cast of characters that keeps things moving at a peppy clip. Chief among them are Evangelist and Disco-D, played by Helen Shaver and Martha Plimpton respectively. But we soon learn that there’s a snake in this Garden of Eden in the form of a DEA agent played by Tommy Lee Jones. He’s after our drug dealing crew of female misfits, and he doesn’t seem to care how much fun they are to watch onscreen. How rude.
Before the end-credits roll, the narrative switches gears multiple times but finally decides it’s an elegy for a lost moment of cultural hope. A montage of documentary and staged footage shows people having life-changing experiences on dance floors around the world. This nifty bit of editing causes such tonal whiplash that you might think someone slipped you a dose at the snack bar.
Long before that, I was silently cheering for the rat in the crew —if only to wrap things up. In the end, Carla gets her story. She can lay out the genesis of the ‘scene’ that’s so important to her, and she gets the bonus story of the government’s persecution of the architects of that scene. She learns that freedom requires sacrifice…or…something.
How much sympathy can we be expected to work up for a bunch of drug dealers? Are these characters really worth mythologizing? I guess your opinion will depend on how you feel about recent changes in popular culture and society.
Every town has at least two sex clubs now, and you can’t turn on the TV without hearing that chugga-chugga thump-thump. People talk a lot more about UFOs and universal consciousness these days, and the streets are full of youths in neon outfits with tattoos, piercings, and wild haircuts. There’s been a marked increase in the personal signifiers of ‘freedom,’ but the jury’s still out on whether it represents anything beyond a shift in fashion.
Was this new freedom the desired outcome, or was it the unintended consequence of a commercial venture? Contrary to the point of view of the filmmakers, I can’t help but see it all as an unintended consequence. We’re meant to cry because these important women will be forgotten by history, but we’re watching a movie about them. Far from being forgotten, they’re being immortalized on celluloid before our eyes. Whether they’re worthy of such an honor is up for debate.
Call me when there’s a drug that can actually make the world a better place. I’ll be the first to pop that pill.



5
Ky thought maybe she was being fired. Michael Kidd, Missy LeGrand’s lawyer, set up the meeting at the Chateau Marmont. Ky had agreed to meet Missy there at 11:00AM Sunday morning, which meant brunch. She’d hung up the phone in a mild panic and called Shondra.
“If they were going to fire you, that’s not how they’d do it. They’d just replace you on the next tour. That’s what they did to Toni. She found out she wasn’t a Murderer when she read about a show they hadn’t called her to play. No, it’s probably a good thing. They probably want you to wear a particular brand of shoes at gigs or something.”
She could’ve valet-parked her car, but she drove around and looked for street parking instead, which made her fifteen minutes late. In rock time, fifteen minutes late was still an hour early so she was surprised to find Missy LeGrand already there, at an out-of-the-way table under one of the tall arches of the indoor dining room. The hostess led Ky back and she sat across from the smiling star. Missy had a cup of coffee, toast, and half a grapefruit in front of her. “Thanks for coming.” She said.
Ky sat down and forced a smile. “So… Is Michael joining us? I was surprised when he called me.”
“No, I’m sorry about that, I should’ve just called you myself.” She said.
The waiter came and gave her a menu and poured some coffee in her cup. Ky looked at Missy and Missy looked at her. Finally Ky spoke. “I thought I might be getting fired.”
“Fired?” Missy laughed. “No, no, you’re one of the best guitar players we’ve ever had. No, I wanted to talk to you about this.” She tapped a cassette tape on the table next to her plate. Ky hadn’t noticed it before. “It’s the demo you did with Marcus. I asked him for a copy.”
“Oh, I could’ve made you a dub.” Ky said.
The waiter came back and Ky ordered a waffle.
“I wish I could eat waffles.” Missy said as he walked away.
“Why can’t you?” Ky asked.
“I’m 34 years old.” Missy said. “I can’t burn fat the way I could when I was your age. Everyone prays, just prays, that I’ll get fat or wrinkled or start to show my age. Think of the benefits of being the first rock critic to point out that I’m an old bag.”
“That sucks…” Ky said. “You really liked my demo?”
“I absolutely loved it.” Missy said. “It’s completely weird and unexpected and perfect.” She sipped her coffee and looked at Ky with an expression that could be interpreted as pity. “You know, I don’t really view myself as a creative artist.” She said.
Ky didn’t know how to respond. She concentrated on keeping her facial expression blank.
“I think of myself more as a curator.” Missy continued. “I gather elements and perspectives and approaches and I put them out under the name Missy LeGrand.”
“I’ve heard people say that about you.” Ky said. “Especially the last two albums. Didn’t the guy from Rolling Stone call you a collage artist?”
“McKeon? Fuck that guy!” She said. “He doesn’t know shit! People like him should get cancer and die. You read McKeon?”
“No, no,” Ky said, “I only read it because it was a review of your record. I never even look at who writes those things.”
Missy took a deep breath. “Right, of course,” she said, “it’s my name that makes people want to read something, not his. It’s funny to think that he can use the power of my celebrity to shit all over me. Rock critics are the most pathetic people in the music business, and that’s saying something.”
“I’ve never read a review because of the writer.” Ky said. “If I read a review, it’s because I’m interested in the record. I don’t give a shit about rock critics.”
“Good.” Missy said. “Me neither. I mean…obviously I do, but…ugh.” She put her hand on the tape. “Kyrene, your music speaks to me, and I’d like to let it speak for me.”
Ky looked at her, not understanding.
“I want these songs for my next record.” She said. She took her hand off the tape and looked across the table probingly.
“Oh that’s… I don’t know what to say… I’ve been singing most of those songs for years. People know my stuff.”
“I’m sure that’s true!” Missy said. “I mean, within the scope of your social set, these are your songs, I get that. I’m talking about putting them in a completely new context. Imagine me singing these songs —their meaning will change if I’m the one singing them.”
“I don’t know if I agree with that.” Ky said. “The songs are the songs, regardless of who sings them. I think they stand on their own…”
“Oh yeah, certainly.” Missy said. “That didn’t come out right. I just mean that I have an established presence and persona and if my next single is one of these songs, I’m deliberately subverting my image.”
“But that’s the song changing your image, not your image changing the song.” Ky said.
“I think it’s both.” Missy said.
Ky’s waffle arrived. She spread some butter on it and poured a little syrup as Missy spoke. “Look,” she said, “you could put this out yourself and maybe you’d have some success. Maybe. With these songs, it would probably be a great record, but we both know that a lot of great records go completely unnoticed. There are no guarantees. And even if it’s a success, you’ll have to tour endlessly and touring as a new artist is no fun. You’ll be in every dive venue from here to Connecticut, dealing with shit-heel promoters and staying in rat trap hotels. If I record these songs, they go straight from the studio to the airwaves. I could have twelve year old girls around the country lip-syncing in their mirrors about stabbing people in the neck.”
Ky took a bite of her waffle and thought for a moment. She wiped her mouth with her napkin and cleared her throat. “I uh… I think it’s a huge compliment. I’m really glad you like my stuff but…”
“Do you have a lawyer?”
“No.” Ky said.
“But you have an agent right? You’re with Becky?”
“Yeah.”
“You should talk it over with her.” Missy said. “She’ll want to bring in a lawyer, which is good. There are two ways a deal like this can be done…”
“You’ve done this before?”
“Of course.” Missy said. “Writing songs and performing songs are two very different skills. I excel at one and not the other, and I’m fine with that. I view my public persona as my creative art.”
Ky nodded. “So what are the ways it can be done?” She asked. She took another bite and listened.
“Well the record company would prefer to just buy the songs outright. They would own the rights to the publishing and royalties etcetera, etcetera, in perpetuity. On the record sleeve I would get a ‘written by’ credit. Yes, you’d lose any claim of authorship over the songs, but the record company would pay you handsomely and you could always just write some more.”
“Huh.”
“Or,” Missy said, “the other way would be no money up front, but you’d get a co-writing credit on the songs and publishing and royalties. If one of them is a hit, that would mean more money, but if not —bupkis. It’s a gamble.”
“Hmm. With the first option, how much money are we talking about?”
“They’ll offer something like seven hundred at first, but I’m telling you Ky, I’m not bullshitting here, they’d probably go as high as a million. That’s a lot of money.”
“Yeah.” Ky said.
“I would love to get a check like that from a record company, believe me.”
“I do.”
“On the other hand, if you’re trying to build your career and you want people to know you were involved in writing these songs, then option two is the way to go. You might wind up with more…who knows?”
“A million dollars.” Ky said. “I could live the rest of my life off that.”
“Yeah, comfortably.” Missy said.
“I don’t know what to say.”
“You don’t have to say anything right now! Just relax and eat your waffle… You’re looking at me like I have two heads!”

“It sounds like she was nervous.” Marin said. “Like you were going to call her a fake and storm out or something.”
“That would’ve been the punk rock thing to do.” Ky said. “But I like my job and she’s my boss.”
“Do you think if you turned her down you’d get fired?”
“Yeah.” Ky said. Marin had brought over a bottle of wine and Chinese takeout. The brown paper bags filled Ky’s kitchen with a delicious salty-grease smell.
Marin uncorked the wine and poured it as Ky got the food out of the bags. “I guess if you turned her down, that would mean you were going to record the songs yourself. Isn’t that like months in a studio followed by at least a year on the road?”
“Yeah.” Ky said. “How did I wind up at a turning point in my life today? It’s a fucking Tuesday!” She put some dishes and utensils on the counter. “We never talk about your job. You’re in marketing right?”
“Yeah.” Marin said.
“So, a professional question for you…” Ky stood in the center of the kitchen and struck a dramatic pose. “Do you think I could be famous?”
Marin laughed. “You already are.” She said.
“I play in a band.” Ky said. “I’m asking if you think I could be an overnight rock sensation like Kathleen Hanna or something.”
“I thought you said you didn’t want to be a rock star.” Marin said.
Ky brought a spoon over and stuck it in the carton of General Tso’s. “I might’ve overstated my aversion to rock stardom.” She said.
“You want my professional opinion?”
“Yes.”
“Of course you could be a rock star,” Marin said, “anyone could.”
“I didn’t know it was so easy.” Ky said.
“I don’t mean it’s easy, just that the machinery that turns people into stars works regardless of the person that goes in.”
“I know there’s machinery,” Ky said, “but it only starts up if a large group of people already loves your music.”
“No, it’s the other way around.” Marin said. “First a record company has to let you make a record, then they need publicity so it’s MTV, print, radio…we’re talking about companies that are controlled by multinational conglomerates... And they don’t do anything unless it’s in their interest to do it.”
“Right, so if an artist has a rabid local following, they see that and figure they can take it nationwide and make a killing.”
“No.” Marin said. She handed a carton of lo mein to Ky, who began to scoop it onto her plate. “The local following thing is irrelevant. They’re the ones who create the demand. These are the forces that make the culture we live in. They don’t react to it.”
“You’re just wrong.” Ky said as they brought their plates and wine into the living room. “Because some records fail, and others succeed. Why would that happen if the machinery works on anyone?”
They put their plates, napkins, and utensils on the coffee table and sat on the couch. Ky sipped her wine. “I know it sounds paranoid,” Marin said, “but there’s a program. Certain images and ideas are promoted by these corporations and others are suppressed. It’s a controlled thing, they need some artists to have big hits, and others to have public failures. And they need most to be ignored completely. Of course the really big promo-pushes go to the messages that most benefit the conglomerates at that particular moment. They can manufacture a fan base for anyone anytime they want. What movie are we watching?”
“Well if I do this, I have a decision to make.” Ky said. “I have to either take my payday up front or hold out for the possibility of more if one of my songs becomes a hit. Ultimately, the songs will be out there, and people will either like them and want to buy them or they won’t.”
“You’re talking like there were laws of nature at play, but there aren’t. It’s all artificial. Whether or not a song becomes a hit has little or nothing to do with the particular merits of that song. Anything that you can consume is only available because it serves an agenda. There hasn’t been an open culture like the one you’re imagining for generations.”
“What about the sex clubs?” Ky asked. “That’s a kind of culture.”
“Sex clubs have been under attack since the seventies. They tried legal and biological attacks, but when those failed, they just co-opted us. Look how they sell blue jeans now, I mean there are BDSM references in car commercials. That would’ve been unimaginable even fifteen years ago. They’ve turned gayness into just another marketing demographic and drained all the political implications out of it.”
“But there’s good and bad in that.” Ky said. “I mean, you can’t dehumanize a group and then turn around and market your boutique vodka brand to them.”
“Actually, I think you can.” Marin said. “But they don’t need to dehumanize us anymore because they don’t see us as a threat. I think it was sexier and a lot more fun when the straight world was horrified by us. There was power in that.”
“But the us-versus-them mindset is part of the problem.” Ky said. “I mean what’s the big difference? I have more in common with a straight woman who’s into kink than I do with a vanilla lesbian. I don’t think that binary works anymore. Sexuality is more complicated than that.”
“Granted, but there’s a social reality you’re ignoring.” Marin said. “Lesbians have been persecuted throughout history, so for you to come along and say I reject all these labels is a little bit clueless. Anyway, you’re missing an opportunity to fuck with The Man. They hate it when you embrace a label they invented to hurt you.”
“How about this: if a straight person asks, I’m a lesbo, but if anyone else asks, I’ll tell them I don’t believe in labels.” Ky said.
“Yeah, you’ll make a lot of friends that way…”
“But we’re way off topic. You never told me what you think I should do.”
“About Missy’s offer? Take the check. She’s a big star so it’ll be a big check.”



6
“I’m not sure I can sign this,” Ky said to Michael Kidd Esquire, Missy LeGrand’s lawyer. “Right here it says, ‘signee affirms that they are the sole owner and author of the material.’ My sister wrote the lyrics to four of the songs on that tape.”
“Your sister?” Michael frowned at Becky, Ky’s agent. “This is the first I’m hearing of a coauthor.”
“Me too.” Becky said. She looked at Ky with a mixture of disbelief and panic. “What are you talking about?”
“I’m the sole owner of the songs.” Ky said. “But I can’t honestly claim to be the sole author. Some of the lyrics were written by my big sister. I used to read her notebooks and she let me use some of her stuff. They’re my songs though. She gave me those lyrics as a gift. Is that a problem?”
“Yeah,” Michael said, “I’d say it’s a pretty significant problem. We’re going to need to get your sister’s permission to record those songs if she wrote the lyrics.” The meeting room at Spartan Records’ corporate offices in Westwood suddenly felt colder and more formal.
Once Ky had made the decision to sell her old songs, she’d sat down and wrote two completely new songs in one day —and had come up with a pretty good chunk of a third. She’d never written that fast before, and she realized that the old songs had been weighing her down. She’d been playing the same set for years and hadn’t had any reason to work on anything new. Selling the songs was like destroying them so she could start fresh. There was nothing stopping her from putting out an album of brand new music of her own as soon as she could get the material together. With the freedom of a blank slate, she felt like she could move really fast. In the meantime, she could keep her job as a Murderer.
Selling the songs was also a way to cut the last remaining tie between her and her sister.
“She gave the material to Kyrene.” Becky said.
“I don’t suppose you have a written release of all claims of ownership from her, do you?” He asked Ky. “Because that’s what it would take.”
“No.” Ky said.
“This is not an insurmountable obstacle.” Becky said. “The lyrics were gifted to Kyrene by her sister to do with as she pleased. They had a verbal contract.”
“I’m sorry.” Michael said. He reached across the table and snatched the contract back.
“No, no,” Becky said, “all you have to do is put a line through those two words, and author. She is the sole owner of the songs. It’s two words…strike them and the contract’s valid.”
“We can’t have some third party coming out of the woodwork saying they wrote four of Missy’s songs. I’m not going to put my client through that.”
“So where are we then?” Ky asked.
“Nowhere.” Michael said. “Get your sister to release all claims of ownership to the material —in writing— and maybe we can start over… Although frankly, with all the work that we wasted on this contract, you’ll have to understand if the legal department is a bit leery moving forward.”
“Come on!” Becky said.
“Get in touch with your sister.” Michael said to Ky as he stood.
“That’s not so easy.” Ky said.
Becky shot her a look that said shut up.
“We’re not in contact at the moment…” Ky continued.
Becky’s look turned to hatred.
“I mean, I’m sure I can…it’s just, you know, I can’t like get her on the phone this instant. She’s an outlaw. She’s underground.”
“What about a letter of intent?” Becky said brightly. “We’d love to come away from this meeting with something. A one-page document that we can show Kyrene’s sister when we find her. Consider it a gesture of good will.”
“A letter of intent…” Michael frowned at the defunct contract in his hand.
“We’ll get a release from her sister, don’t worry.” Becky said. “A letter of intent would be a sign from your side that the deal will still hold.”
“Let me see what I can do.” Michael said. He turned and left the room.
Becky leaned close to Ky. “One point two million.” She hissed. “That contract was worth one point two million dollars you dumbshit! You don’t find flaws with it, you don’t quibble. You just sign the fucker!”
“I’m sorry!” Ky said. “I didn’t think it would mess everything up! They’re my songs, I just used some of my sister’s words.”
“Do you love being poor? Is the taste of ramen just too good to give up? Jesus Christ you just talked yourself out of a million bucks. What does that feel like?”
“Not good.” Ky said.
“Not good.” Becky repeated.
“I’m sorry…”
“No, shut the fuck up. You’re not allowed to speak for the rest of the day. Let the grownups talk. If you’re lucky, maybe I can salvage this catastrophe.”



7
Marin made it sound like the easiest thing in the world. “I’ll be in San Francisco next week and I’ll ask around. I might not be able to get in touch with her, but at least I can get word to her. She wouldn’t have cut ties to the Academy —Star was always a dyed-in-the-wool Kibelian.”
“Star.” Ky said. “Some of her friends used to call her that, but it always seemed too hippyish for her. I used to wonder how she got that nickname.”
“When you join a cadre, you get a new name.” Marin said. “On the west coast, we take our NDGs from the titles of the top grossing films from the previous year. You can tell how long someone’s been in by their name and you kinda get an idea of their rank from that. Your sister got a good one: Star Wars.”
It only took one phone call for Marin to realize it was going to be tougher than she thought.
“Why are you looking for her?” Hilary asked.
“I’m not.” Marin said. “It’s for her sister.”
“If she’s really underground, it’s probably a new op. I doubt she went into business for herself.”
“I didn’t think she did.” Marin said. “I don’t need to be in the same room with her, I’m just trying to get her a message.”
“You should ask Roller Boogie.” Hilary said.
The name sounded like a brick wall to Marin. She’d never met the woman, but her reputation was enough to intimidate anyone. “Why her?”
“They went into business together after Star retired from our thing. I can get you her number.”
But Marin had never gotten the chance to call Roller Boogie. Instead, she’d received an official Kibele security summons to meet with a capo named Susan Poole at her straight job which happened to be in the municipal courthouse. Marin was nervous about it. She told herself that she’d done nothing wrong so she didn’t have any reason to worry, but as she went through the metal detector, fear crept up the back of her neck and she felt trapped. She regulated her breathing and simulated nonchalance as she walked through the massive echoey lobby.
She got on the elevator with some well-dressed young people and got off alone. Her sneakers squeaked on the marble floor and she passed big white columns. When she finally found suite 514, the receptionist in the outer office told her to wait. They always make you wait, Marin thought. The clock on the wall said it was 9:00 AM. She was right on time.
At 9:17 the receptionist told her that Ms. Poole was ready for her. She followed the young woman into a wood-paneled office with a large plant in the corner and old paintings on the walls. Light poured in from two tall windows behind Susan, who stood and came around her desk to shake Marin’s hand. She was a plump 30-something with short blonde hair. “It’s nice to see you again after all these years.” She said.
Marin was at a loss. “I’m sorry, have we met?”
“I was in your class at the Empowering Sisters summer workshop. That would’ve been what? 1975?”
“Wow, Empowering Sisters. That was a lifetime ago.” Marin said. “I’m sorry I didn’t recognize you.”
“Well I was 16 years old so I’ve changed quite a bit —at least I hope I have. Would you like something to drink? Coffee?”
“No, I’m fine.” Marin said. Poole nodded to the receptionist and the woman left. Marin sat in a leather wing-back chair. Her former student went back to her place behind the wide desk. She moved some papers around. “You’re an Assistant DA?” Marin asked, though she knew the answer.
“That’s right.” Poole said. “There are sisters all over the building. We can really get things done around here.”
“That’s great.” Marin said. It was common knowledge that the Academy had the local court system wired. A moment of silence passed.
“I guess you’re wondering why I wanted to see you.” Poole said finally.
“Yeah.” Marin said.
She looked down at the papers on her desk. “Two days ago, you called Hilary Grady and asked about Vanessa Slang. Why did you do that?”
“Because her little sister’s trying to find her.” Marin said. “I’ve been hanging out with her down in L.A. and I told her I’d make a couple calls.”
“Kyrene Slang?”
“Yeah.”
“And do you know why Kyrene is looking for her sister?”
“Yes.” Marin said. “It’s a legal thing. Something about Star having co-written some songs that Ky wants to sell.”
“And Kyrene has not gone through any level of Academy training?”
“No.” Marin said. “I think losing touch with her sister was hard on her. She blames the Academy. You should understand that she isn’t brainwashed though. She’s absolutely with us in spirit.”
“But she hasn’t been deprogrammed.”
“No, that’s true. Not officially. But she’s a punk. No one’s gonna put anything over on Ky, believe me.”
Susan Poole looked skeptical. She riffled through her papers for a moment and then brought her attention back to Marin. “And what took you down to Los Angeles?”
“Work.” Marin said. “I’m with Persky and White— we’re doing outreach in the immigrant communities down there. You should see how some of these women are treated.”
“Was your initial contact with Kyrene Slang part of an op?”
“No.” Marin said.
“You just bumped into her at random?”
“I wouldn’t put it that way. I met her socially and we hit it off. I didn’t find out who her sister was until later.”
“A coincidence?” Poole asked.
“Yeah,” Marin said, “believe it or not.”
“Have you tried to get her into the Academy?”
“Yeah, but she’s not a joiner.” Marin said. “I think she sees the Academy as part of the establishment. There’s hope though —I’ve got her reading The Plague That Wasn’t.”
“I see a lot of red flags.” Poole said.
“Why?”
“She’s looking for her sister at the behest of a record company.” Poole said. “Music is one of the few mass communication channels that’s still 100% controlled by the Industry. And Spartan Records is one of the worst, most misogynist labels. There’s something up here. The Industry wants to find Vanessa Slang.”
“You think they’re using Ky as bait?”
“It looks that way.” She said.
“But the distribution networks have been closed for years.” Marin said. “Why would they be after Star now?”
“You knew her once.” Poole said. “What did you think of her?”
“Hollywood bullshit aside, she was a good soldier.” Marin said. “We worked together. She was smart, sure, but I never thought she had supernatural powers or anything.”
“They’re after her,” Poole said, “and that’s enough reason for us to protect her. I would do that for any sister, but Vanessa Slang is special. She’s in tune with some things that make her very valuable. Do you understand?”
“Not really.” Marin said. “Should I warn Ky that she’s being used?”
“That might not be necessary or desirable.” She said. “At least not yet. It would be helpful if we had some information about the people looking for Star. Names, job titles, that kind of thing. We might be able to leverage a useful informant out of this before we shut it down.”
“I could get you some information,” Marin said, “but I’d have to tell Ky about it. I can’t spy on my girlfriend.”
“And how do you think she’ll react?”
“She’ll probably say it’s all bullshit.” Marin said. “Her default position is disbelief —especially when it comes to the Academy.”
“Good, tell her.” Poole said. “If she doesn’t believe you, she shouldn’t have any problem sharing information.”



8
The first thing Ky noticed was a framed picture facing out on Grace Brookman’s desk. It looked like it had been taken at a high-dollar fundraiser, and it showed Brookman, the investigator that Becky and Ky were there to meet, in an evening gown, shaking hands with Ronald Reagan. “Were you in on the whole Iran-Contra thing?” Ky asked as she and Becky sat down. She could feel Becky tense-up, but Brookman just smiled.
“No, I missed that one.” She said. She looked like she was in her late thirties, thin, with short blond hair and dark eyes.
Becky had called Ky the day before. “The deal’s worth over a million dollars.” She’d said. “If the record company wants to hire a private investigator to find your sister, I don’t think we’re in a position to argue about it.”
“I have a better chance of finding her myself.” Ky answered. “She’s in hiding because people are after her. If she hears that some cigar-chomping neanderthal is asking questions, it’s going to make her even more paranoid. I can use back channels that she trusts —whoever Spartan hires, he probably won’t even know what the Kibele Academy is.”
“It happens to be a woman.” Becky said. “And considering the amount of money on the line, I suggest we give her a chance.”
As far as Ky was concerned, Brookman had blown her chance by having a picture of the Gipper on her desk.
“You’re probably under Kibelian scrutiny,” Brookman said, “did you know that?”
“I doubt it.” Ky said. “They’ve tried to recruit me a couple of times, but that’s because of my sister.”
“They would’ve tried anyway.” Brookman said.
“Maybe.”
“You’re a young woman in the public eye doing something that’s traditionally been male-dominated. Missy and the Murderers played for nearly a million people on the last tour. That’s significant. What did your sister do? Sell some drugs?”
“A lot of people think there was more to it than that.” Ky said.
“What do you think?” Brookman asked.
Ky looked at Becky then back at the investigator. “I think I’m under no obligation to pass judgment on my sister just because a Republican in a scary office asks me to.”
The fan in Brookman’s computer filled the silence with a low hum as she stared blankly across the desk at Ky. Finally Becky broke in. “We just need to find Vanessa Slang and get her to sign a release.” She said.
Grace Brookman nodded. “I understand, but if the Kibele Academy has her hidden, it’s going to be difficult. They keep information highly compartmentalized. She drew a paycheck from a marketing company until 1988 and then she just dropped off the map. It’s not even clear she has a bank account now.”
Ky frowned. “A marketing company? Are you sure? She always hated marketing.”
“The information I received says that she worked for a company called Mr. Ethos. They specialize in ‘edgy’ marketing campaigns. But she left them years ago. The chances that they know anything actionable are pretty slim.”
“You don’t think you can do the job?” Becky asked.
“I didn’t say that.” She said. “But there’s an easy way and a hard way. I don’t see why I should go up to the bay area to interview a bunch of old coworkers when there’s a simple solution right here.” She looked at Ky.
“What?” Ky asked.
“Let yourself be recruited.” She said.
“Being a member wouldn’t help me find my sister any quicker.” Ky said. “She probably already knows I’m looking for her.”
“Maybe so, but you increase the odds of getting useful information if you’re in the fold.” Brookman said.
“Sorry.” Ky said. “It’s out of the question. I wouldn’t join before, I’m certainly not going to join with an ulterior motive. I know deception comes naturally to some people, but I don’t like it.”
“That’s a very noble stand.” The woman said. She looked at Becky. “How much was that contract for again?”
“A lot.” Becky said.
“I’ve never heard of anyone getting that kind of money without doing something they didn’t want to do.” She smiled at Ky. “That kind of reward requires sacrifice.”
“Well I’m not going deep-cover in the Kibele Academy just to make your job easier.” Ky said.
“Fine.” Brookman said. She smiled faintly at Becky. “All I have to go on is a name and a couple of old pictures.” She said. “And you know my fee is coming out of your end of the deal. I could search a long time with those financial resources behind me.”
Ky showed open hatred for Grace Brookman. When it was time to leave, she didn’t shake her hand, she just turned and walked out, leaving Becky alone with the investigator.
Becky laughed and shrugged. “Artists, right?”



9
Laura Hackish was annoyed. She thought that after she’d cleaned up the mess down in San Diego, she’d be assigned to the big project everyone was working on. She’d been trying to wash the gasoline-smell off her hands when the call came to meet her handler for a new packet —a new name and a new target. “Is this part of Disinfectant?” Hackish asked when she got there.
“Disinfectant is something you spray in the general direction of the germs you want to kill.” He said. “You’re a more precise instrument.” He looked like he was enjoying his pancakes, which annoyed Hackish even more.
The Denny’s had mini-blinds that sliced the afternoon sunlight into stripes on the table between them. “There’s these things called carbohydrates.” She said. “They’re the reason pancakes are generally considered a breakfast food.”
“Gluttony’s not the worst sin I’ve been accused of.” He said with his mouth full.
Hackish flipped through the information on her new target. “What’s all this shit about a record company?” She asked. “You know I hate it when they specify my approach. I keep telling you to limit my packets to information about the target itself. I can figure out the best path.”
“Not with this one.” He said. “She vanished off the face of the earth a few years back. Other agents have tried to find her and they’ve all failed. The record company angle is new. If you succeed, the Imposters will be very pleased.”
“My cap already has a few feathers in it,” she said, “and yet I’m on the sidelines for one of the biggest ops the Industry ever pulled.”
“They’ll need your help with Disinfectant on the back end.” He said. “Right now, this is more important.”

She drove across town to the big HR center off La Cienega. The sign out front read Three Brothers Financial Services Ltd. There was a receptionist, an overly made-up woman in a pantsuit who Hackish could tell wasn’t Industry. She probably just answered a want-ad and had no idea what went on there. “Is Dave in?” Hackish asked her.
“No, he just stepped out.” She said. “Did you have an appointment?”
“I’ll just talk to Hakim instead.”
“Um…were they expecting you?” She asked.
“Nope.” Hackish said. She told the woman her name and sat in the waiting room. She flipped through a magazine called ‘Modern Swordsman’ that was aimed at middle aged men with ninja fantasies and disposable income. Hakim must actually be busy, Hackish thought. She’d never had to wait for a handler before.
When she was finally allowed back, Hakim apologized profusely. “Please don’t murder me.” He said.
Hackish laughed. “I’ve never killed anyone for personal reasons in my life.”
“But I’m sure there were professional jobs that you did with a little more gusto than was strictly necessary.”
“If you can’t take pride in your work, what the hell are you doing it for?”
“Good question.” Hakim said. “You came to talk to Dave? Is it Disinfectant business?”
“No,” Hackish said, “I just need a run-down on someone in one of his pods. So Dave’s working Disinfectant too, huh?”
“Every HR agent I know is.” He said. “They’re finally putting some theories into practice. Are you out of the loop?”
“At the moment.”
“Do you ever go to any underground sex clubs?”
“Are you asking me out?”
“No,” Hakim said, “I was just going to suggest that you might want to stay away from those places for awhile.”
“I have follow-up questions but I doubt you’d answer them.” Hackish said. “What does your database say about a young woman named Kyrene Slang?”
“Slang? Let’s see…” He typed the name into his computer and scanned the results as they popped up. “She’s Potentially Caustic but financially secure. She plays guitar in Missy LeGrand’s backup band. It’s very unlikely that she’d go full caustic unless her situation changes dramatically.” He took a moment to read a bit more. “She’s a sexual deviant with connections to multiple musical and fetish-oriented subcultures…there’s actually some interesting stuff here. Her first band was called the Acker-Lytes. They had a demo tape that was copied and shared pretty widely. There was also a bootleg from a show in Reseda. It got a positive review in an influential ’zine called mentalbreakdown. The band broke up because Kyrene and the other songwriter had different opinions about where they should go musically.”
“Actual artistic differences?”
“Kyrene wanted to use tape loops and do more melodic vocals but her band-mate wanted to keep things in the punk realm. It was all mediated in ’zines. When Kyrene went out for the job with Missy LeGrand, she was labeled a sellout and ostracized by the community.”
“Wow, that’s all in there?” Hackish asked.
“We kept close tabs on the hardcore kids.” He said. “Plus they loved to air their dirty laundry. The cracks were there for anyone to see —we always knew exactly where to put the wedges.”
“Is Slang part of any ongoing ops?”
“Nah, she’s neutralized. She plays her guitar, rents movies, and fucks. Is she being liquidated?”
“No, I’m using her to get to someone else.” Hackish said. “But I haven’t decided whether it would be more productive to get her on my side or to get her working against me.”
“It would be easier to get her against you.” Hakim said.
He printed out all the material they had on Kyrene Slang. Hackish’s next stop was the Industry hub in Santa Monica. She went to the media room in the basement and found Doug. “I need a prop.” She told him. “A photograph that will convince a young punk that I’m her mortal enemy.”
“What did you have in mind?”
“Me, in evening attire, shaking hands with good ol’ Ronnie Reagan.
He laughed. “Okay.” He said. “Let’s get you to wardrobe.”



10
Ky felt uncomfortable on days when she had nothing to do and nowhere to be. Everyone who had a real job was at work, but she was just drinking coffee and looking out her window at 11:17 AM. She had no gig, no rehearsal, no recording session, no photo shoot, no interview—nothing. Why can’t I just be a human being? She asked herself. Why can’t I just sit here in my own skin?
She missed Marin but she didn’t want to admit it to herself. She picked up a videotape off the stack on top of her TV, but when she shook it out of the case, she saw that it hadn’t been rewound. She pictured herself inserting the tape, pushing the rewind button, waiting, turning on the TV, and then watching the film, and the whole process seemed tedious and exhausting. She decided to leave her apartment instead.
Round and Round Records was on Sunset, just past Alvarado, and was a good twenty minute walk from Ky’s Echo Park apartment. The familiar ping of the door announced her entrance and she was relieved to see that Amy was working. There was a low thump from the sound system, some ambient music that Ky didn’t recognize.
“Yo Ky!” Amy yelled. “I needed to see you this morning! Goddamn I’m glad you’re here.” Ky came around the counter and hugged her friend. They’d hung out together a lot in the old days, before Ky had become a Murderer. “I still feel like I’m rolling from last night and I’m stuck here in this morgue.” Amy said.
Ky sat on a stool and surveyed the place. Not a customer in sight. “Where were you?”
“I went to the big party down in South Gate. Rumble-House 2.”
“Who was playing?” Ky asked.
“Kevin Saunderson was the headliner, with Digable Planets, Jeff Mills, The Breeders, DJ Pierre, Butthole Surfers, all kinds of people. There were three separate sound systems. It was almost too much…smell me.” She held up her arm and Ky sniffed the sleeve of her oversized sweater. “See? I still smell like fog. I’m gonna be pulling those weird fog boogers out of my nose for a month.”
“I remember fog boogers,” Ky said, “I haven’t been to a warehouse party in years.”
“It’s all fake now anyways.” Amy said. “It’s not like when we used to have map points and the cops would break it up half the time. Shit, even Madonna did a warehouse tour. It’s not underground anymore.”
“I know, but it still sounds like fun.” Ky said.
“I got too fuckin’ high, someone stuck a nootchie in my mouth and sat me in the chillout room. No more candy-flipping for me, I’m sticking to one drug at a time.”
“That’s too bad, I was hoping you’d smoke me out.”
“Herb doesn’t count.” She said. “I’ve been saving a little joint, but we have to smoke it in Mary’s office and burn some incense out here.”
They stood on a couch in the back room and blow the smoke up toward a little window. They giggled as they passed the joint back and forth. Ky reminded Amy that they’d done the same thing at Amy’s house back when they were in high school. “Yeah but I’m way more scared of Mary than I ever was of my mom.” Amy said.
Afterward, they went back into the store and Amy moved a turntable from one of the listening stations over to the counter. She told Ky to pick out some records from the ‘New This Week’ bin. They listened to each record until one of them heard something they didn’t like and then they would go to the next one. They only made it all the way through two: Dee Lite’s Infinity Within and Digital Underground’s Sons of the P.
“I think about funk a lot.” Ky said.
“Really? Are you gonna buy some platform boots and star sunglasses?”
“Maybe.” Ky said. “But that stuff’s just surface level. I mean what is funk? What is it? Is it a musical style? An approach? It’s a sound certainly —a sound that creates a feeling, but where does that feeling come from? Was the feeling always there and it just somehow pushed its way into music? It’s mysterious…”
“Maybe you’re just slightly stoned.” Amy said.
“No, it’s a real question. The question of funk. Was it invented or discovered?”
“What do you think?”
“I think it’s a spiritual force that James Brown manifested into our reality somehow.” Ky said. “But maybe ‘manifested’ is the wrong word. It existed before it was called funk. It was there all along, right? I mean there are Mambo records from the 40s that sound funky… And bebop jazz…but actual funk didn’t enter the world until the sixties. Maybe all it took was to name it.”
“That is weird to think about.” Amy said.
“It makes me wonder what else is out there waiting to come into the world, you know? I mean in the future, we might look back and wonder why we couldn’t see the thing right there waiting to be named! What’s trying to break through and change us —something is! What is it?”
“I don’t know!” Amy said.

Ky left Round and Round Records at quarter to 3:00 and noticed a van parked across the street from the shop. It said ‘Herzog Plumbing’ in plain script on the side and she was sure she’d seen the same van near her apartment building on the way there. She told herself it was a coincidence and that she was just paranoid because of the weed. She walked up Sunset in the oppressive heat, and after she’d cut through the park, she saw the van again. It passed her and turned up an alley. By the time she got there, it was gone.
She was freaked out, but she felt better when she saw Marin waiting for her on her stoop. “You’re back!” Ky shouted. “Thank god you’re here, I think I’m being followed.”
Marin listened to the tale of the ominous plumbing van as they went up to Ky’s apartment. She was of the opinion that Ky probably was being followed, but that she shouldn’t worry about it. Marin sat on the sofa while Ky poured two big glasses of iced tea. “If it’s your record company investigator, she’s just trying to beat you to your sister to get the commission, and if it’s the Academy, they just want to make sure you’re not doing anything that might expose Star. Either way, you have nothing to worry about.” Marin said.
“But it still feels like a violation.” She handed one of the drinks to Marin. “It was probably all in my head anyway. I’m glad you’re home.”
Marin took a sip of her iced tea. “It’s funny,” she said, “it feels like home. I’m sorry I couldn’t get a lead on your sister. I guess the reaction from the Academy proves that she’s working some kind of op. They wouldn’t circle the wagons like that for just anyone.”
“Well I might have a lead.” Ky said. “That Brookman lady told me my sister worked for an ad agency called Mr. Ethos.”
“Mr. Ethos? It sounds like a character from a kid’s show —like something out of Captain Kangaroo.”
“I looked them up, but I couldn’t find anything.”
“When was the company formed?” Marin asked.
“I don’t know, why?”
“Five or six years ago, there was a lot of cash around and the Academy had to make it all clean.” Marin said. “They started a bunch of companies. On paper, I was part owner of some parking lots. It’s pretty hard for the IRS to say how much money a parking lot should bring in on any given month. Maybe the ad agency was something like that.”
“I couldn’t find a number for them, so I assumed they’d gone out of business. I’d almost forgotten about it, but then it hit me.” Ky went to a milk crate stuffed with records next to her sound system and pulled one out. “The name of the company sounded familiar, and I finally figured out why.” She handed the LP to Marin.
“Eat Feet.” Marin read. “I don’t know this one.”
“They’re not well-known outside of Los Angeles.” Ky said. “Actually, they’re not well-known inside of Los Angeles either. Look at the back.” Marin flipped the record over and scanned the back cover. “Down at the bottom. The fine print.” Ky said.
Marin looked closer. “Art Direction by Mr. Ethos.” She said.
“And here’s the thing, I know those guys. I played gigs with them when I was in my first band. It was a huge deal when they got signed ’cause I figured our turn was next, you know? I used to stare at that record thinking, what have they got that we don’t?”
“Dicks.” Marin said.
“Yeah, that’s all I could come up with too.” Ky said. After she’d put the record back, she got the videotape from the top of her TV, put it in the VCR, and hit rewind. She turned to Marin. “I called Scott, the singer from Eat Feet, and he gave me the number of the lady who did the artwork for his album. I called her and she gave me the number of the person who runs Mr. Ethos. It’s a woman named Orianna Marisco.”
“Holy shit.” Marin said. “Roller Boogie.”
“You know her?”
“Just by reputation.” Marin said. “I’d heard that she was working with your sister.”
“Is she a big deal or something?”
 “Yeah.” Marin said. “She started the first LA cadre, but we knew about her up in San Francisco. She was famous because she took out an entire LAPD task force.”
“What do you mean?”
“Back in ’86 the LAPD wanted to crack down on ecstasy distribution so they formed a special task force. It was six cops, and they busted a whole supply chain and sent some sisters up to Chino doing Buck Rogers time. Well very soon after that, all six of the cops on the task force died. One was a suicide, another was a car crash, I think one guy slipped in the shower and broke his neck, another OD’d on drugs, it was all stuff like that —freak accidents and mishaps— but everyone knew what it really was. After that, the cops had a hard time finding people to volunteer for the task force. When they finally got it going again, the people they’d assigned didn’t seem very interested in busting anyone.”
“That was Orianna Marisco?”
Marin shrugged. “That’s what people said. Her cadre name was Roller Boogie, and it became a verb. If someone died suddenly in an unexpected way, sisters would ask if they’d really been Boogied. That woman is no joke. Did you call her?”
“I left a message on her machine.” Ky said. The VCR had stopped rewinding and started to play. Ky turned on the TV and crashed down next to Marin on the couch.
“What are we watching?” Marin asked.
“It’s called Stripped to Kill.” Ky said.
“Oh god,” Marin said, “is it another one of your misogynist blood-fests?”
“Yep,” Ky said, “but this one happens to be directed by a woman…plus I heard it’s titty city.”



11
Jim Scavers was a thin man with a moustache that marked him as a homosexual. Hackish had been referred to him by her handler, who’d told her that he ran his own video forensics shop. “They were pissed off about it at the Industry hub when he set it up, but Scavers’ team can do things they can’t, so what can they say?”
Hackish brought the videotape to his cover business, a salon called Images, and Scavers offered her a lift to his wildcat media lab. He drove a vintage Peugeot, and as he raced it down the 134 freeway toward Burbank, she asked him how he’d gotten into video analysis. “Through my HR work.” He said. “I had some skate kids in one of my pods who used to go around terrorizing old ladies and doing crazy stunts. They taped everything they did and their videos got pretty popular. Damned if these kids didn’t set up a nationwide distribution network. They were mailing videos all over the country. And every one of these kids was Potentially Caustic. Everything they did was in direct opposition to the cultural plan and all I could do with the tools I had at the time was watch. I’m in HR, so it wasn’t hard to hire some people who could help me take a more proactive approach.”
“What did you do?”
“First, we flooded the market with bootlegs to blunt their financial success. Then we started intercepting the videos and replacing them with our own edits. Ours were a lot shorter, and we’d put stuff from previous videos in there so it looked like they were just trying to cash-in. Their reputation nosedived and people stopped buying. If we hadn’t stepped in, those little fuckers would’ve made 12 million dollars on their second video alone —we added it up.”
“Wow.”
“Yeah,” he said, “you gotta admire them in a way.”
“Where are they now?” Hackish asked.
“One died in a car accident and two discovered the wonders of heroin. Another one turned out to be pretty neurologically malleable, so I’m using him in an upcoming op…”
“The army of lone-nuts?”
“Are you on Disinfectant?”
“No.” She admitted. “But everyone else seems to be.”
“It’s the biggest thing I’ve ever been part of.” Scavers said.
He pulled up to an unassuming one-story house on a quiet suburban street. “This is it?” Hackish asked.
“Doesn’t look like much does it?”
Hackish followed him up the steps. He knocked and then looked up to a security camera hidden under the porch’s roof. The front door unlocked and Hackish followed Scavers into the space. The whole first floor had been opened up into one big room with steel I-beam pillars where load-bearing walls had been. Half of the space in the kitchen was taken up by a bank of black boxes with little green and white lights blinking all over them. There was an industrial fan in what used to be the pantry, and it blew on the back of the machines. Hackish noticed that all the windows were covered, and the overhead fluorescent lights gave the place an official atmosphere. Where the living room had once been, were two rows of TVs, 14 in all, each playing a different channel silently. Next to them was a bookcase that took up a whole wall from floor to ceiling. It was filled with thousands of videotapes.
An overweight, red-cheeked, man with short sand-colored hair greeted them from a well-padded office chair in what used to be the dining room. He was in front of a desk with three computer monitors facing him. “What’s Taraj doing?” Scavers asked him.
“He’s upstairs looking at some tape on the big screen.” The man said.
“This is Laura.” Scavers told him. “She’s got something for you.”
Hackish had first heard about the videotape the night before, when Lenny Benjamin, a Spartan Records executive, called her. He was surprised that she’d wanted to come over immediately to see it. She arrived at his Hollywood Hills home at 10:37 PM. There were two vodka martinis in her system, and she was a bit worried that he’d notice alcohol on her breath. But when he opened the door, she saw that she didn’t have anything to worry about. His white shirt was fully unbuttoned, exposing his tanned, middle-aged torso, and his face was beet red. His eyes, even in that first moment of greeting, darted around like a lizard’s. Anyone could see that the man was coked to the point of derangement.
He invited her in. “Can I get you something to drink?” He asked.
“I don’t drink while I’m working.” She said.
“I do.” He said. “I have to drink or I’d lose my mind.” She followed him through the living room and down a staircase as he ran his mouth. “These artists with their bullshit. You know that group The Soup Dragons? They travel with a chameleon —the British fuckwits. It’s got to have its own vet on tour, and one of the guys is a militant vegetarian. He won’t even eat cheese because it’s an animal product. He says it’s stealing the cow’s labor. So their rider is ten miles long and their ‘hit’ song barely even charted here.” They came into a lounge/screening room with plush leather couches. Hackish noticed a sizable clump of yellowish powder next to a short straw and credit card on the polished marble bar. He saw her look at it. “You want schnappy? I don’t like the stuff myself, I just buy it to support the cause of democracy in Central America.”
“I’d like to see the tape.” Hackish said.
“Yeah I know.” Lenny said. “I’ve got it cued up for you. Why don’t you sit down… Or don’t you sit while you’re working either?”
“Did you keep the packaging?” Hackish asked.
“What do you mean?”
“The packaging that the tape came in. Did you keep it?”
“No. I mean, it might still be in my waste basket at the office. Why?”
“It could provide some information.” Hackish said.
“Yeah but once you see the tape you’ll see that it doesn’t matter.” He said. “You don’t need to find ol’ whatserface.” He dimmed the lights and hit the button to start playback. She sat on one of the couches as the screen lit up.
Hackish recognized Slang from the packet her handler had given her. She was in her late thirties, black hair, wearing no makeup. She spoke in a deep husky voice. “My name is Vanessa Slang.” She said. “My little sister is Kyrene Slang. A long time ago, I let her use some of my poetry for song lyrics. I understand that a record company wants to buy those songs now, but the fact that I wrote some of the words is holding up the deal. I’m making this video to state legally for the record that I claim no ownership of anything I gave to my little sister. It’s hers to do with as she pleases.”
The video cut to wider shot of Vanessa Slang at a table next to a blonde woman in business attire. “My name is Rebecca Brothers,” the woman said, “I’m a member of the bar in the state of California. I’ve argued in front of the California Supreme Court and worked for many years in estate planning and mediation with the Glimcher Group. I’ve drawn up a release that grants complete ownership of all the material in question to Kyrene Slang. This should be more than enough to satisfy the legal department at Spartan Records. Further, I’m here with Vanessa Slang to witness her signing of the document, which will be included in the package that contains this videotape.”
Vanessa picked up an oddly small pen and signed the paper. She put the pen down and looked blankly at the camera. Rebecca Brothers spoke again. “Today is April 24th, 1992.” She said. “If you have any questions you can call me at the Glimcher Group. My contact information is on the release.” The video cut to static and Lenny stopped it.
“This is a solid lead.” Hackish said.
“Lead? What’re you talking about? We have the videotape and a signed release from the lady shyster. You don’t have to find Vanessa Slang now.”
Hackish turned and looked at the man, who slouched on the bar stool next to his sad little mound of cocaine. “I was hired,” she said, “to locate Miss Slang. That job is not done yet.”
“I’m the one who hired ya, ya dense bitch.” He said. “I wanted a release and we have one now so…” He bugged his eyes at her.
“Well shit runs downhill.” Hackish said. “But if you wanna try to make it run up the pyramid, be my guest.”
It took him a moment to register what she’d said. “Oh… Are you Industry? I didn’t know.”
“Who’s your handler?” Hackish asked.
“No, no, I don’t have a handler. I work with some people from the occult side, that’s all. Who doesn’t in this town?”
“I sincerely doubt there are any Imposters who are worried about what Missy LeGrand’s next single will be. I’m pretty sure they just want me to find Vanessa Slang. That was my assignment…”
“Okay, okay, got it.” Lenny said. “Message received. I’ll make sure Spartan keeps paying your expenses.”
“Good.” Hackish said. “Who else knows about this video?”
“Just you, me, and Michael from legal.” Lenny said. 
“Okay.” She said. “Kyrene Slang should never know that it exists.”
“You don’t think they sent her agent a copy?”
“Nope.” Hackish said. “They want to see if we’ll tell her about it. They must suspect that we’re using her to get to her sister, but I don’t care. Now go get your shoes on.”
“Where are we going?”
“To your office.” Hackish said. “I want that packaging from your waste basket.”
But the cleaning crew had already been through the building and the packaging was gone.
So that left the tape itself, which led Hackish to Jim Scavers and the weird house in Burbank.
Bill Tolls, the red-cheeked video analyst, took the tape out of its sleeve and put on reading glasses. He tilted it toward the light and looked closely. “It came in through one of the ports in the Bay Area. Not Long Beach.”
“How do you know?” Hackish asked.
“The serial number starts with 5-7. If it had come in through Long Beach it would be 5-12.” He entered the serial number into his computer and looked at the central monitor. The machine hesitated a moment and then threw up a long block of text. “It arrived there in April of 1990 and sat in a warehouse until June. Then it was moved, probably in a big palate, to a wholesaler in San Jose. From there, it wound up at a Walgreens in Eureka. That was in July. It wasn’t sold until March of ’91.”
“Walgreens has security cameras.” Scavers said.
“Yeah, but they use Guardian.” Bill said. “That’s only a four month window.”
“What about what’s on the tape?” Hackish asked.
“For that, I will defer to the man upstairs.” Bill said. He put the video into a cylindrical container and screwed the top on it. He opened a small door in a thick PVC pipe that came down from the ceiling. Hackish had assumed it was some sort of ventilation for the computers, but she saw now that it was a makeshift pneumatic tube. The container with the video got slurped up to Taraj. “As soon as he threads it up I’ll start to get data.” Bill said. “You should sit tight, it might take a minute.”
After a wait, Bill’s screen began to fill with green text. Bill looked at it. “This video only has two shots?” He asked.
“That’s right.” Hackish said.
“It was edited in-camera and this is the master, not a dupe... The spectrum fingerprinting got four hits in our database.”
“What’s spectrum fingerprinting?” Hackish asked.
“Every video camera has its own signature. It’s not anything you can see, but through a precise spectrum analysis, we can find other videos that were shot with the same camera. For this camera, we have four videos in our system. I’ll print the info on them now.”
He handed Hackish the sheath of papers. The camera had been used by a nonprofit media company in Santa Fe called Fearless Femmes Incorporated. It produced public service messages targeted to young girls. Two of the Fearless Femmes matches were from a show called The Make-It Faire Mavens. They’d also used the camera to shoot part of a documentary called Let Your Sister Speak, that had aired on the local PBS station up there. It was a film comprised of interviews with residents of a women’s shelter in Albuquerque.
The fourth match was more interesting because it was much more recent than the Fearless Femmes videos. It was a TV commercial for a hot tub retailer called Magic Bubbles. “Do you have a copy of this hot tub commercial?” Hackish asked.
He pulled up the relevant digital file. “No.” He said. “But we have more info on it.” He took a moment to read. “There were two cameras used in that commercial. If you want, I could get you the info we have on the other camera too.”
Hackish said she wanted everything.
While it was printing, Taraj came down the stairs. He was a thin man in khakis with neatly combed hair. He wore a slight smile. “You brought me an interesting video.” He said. He rolled a cart with a TV on it over to where Hackish and Scavers sat. He turned on the TV and the screen showed the paused image of the lawyer and Vanessa Slang at the table. “It’s a simple trick.” He said. “They’re not really sitting next to each other.”
“How can you tell?” Hackish asked.
“This shot has a higher-than-normal silver content. Most of the image is consistent with having been shot in a mirror —except for this portion here that shows the woman identified as Vanessa Slang. They used to do it in movies all the time, usually when they were putting live actors into sets that were miniature. They would use silver nitrate to turn a sheet of glass into a mirror, but they would leave part of it clear. That way, they could shoot the reflection of the miniature and the live actors would be far back, seen through the glass.”
Hackish leaned in to the screen. “You think they did that here?”
“I’m 100% certain.” He said. “They must’ve masked her here at the table. It explains why they chose this low angle. And the background is just a white wall —that would’ve been easy to match.”
“But why?” Hackish asked. “You’re telling me they were in the same space at the same time, but they went to all this trouble with a mirror? What for? They could’ve just sat them together at the table.”
“I don’t have any theories.” Taraj said. “It’s strange.”
“In movies, they do all that to create an extraordinary image.” Scavers said. “But this image looks completely normal.”
Bill Tolls handed Hackish a printout of the information on the two cameras used in the hot tub commercial. She thanked him and looked at Scavers with his little moustache. “Looks like I’ll be headed north soon.” She said to him. “You want to come with me?”
He shook his head. “I’m a little busy.” He said. “You think you’ll need help?”
“Not really.” Hackish said. “I just thought you’d be more credible as a hot tub buyer.”
“That’s actually very astute.” He said. “I happen to own a hot tub.”
“Well there’s another way you could help me before I go.” She said. “You know that skate kid you told me about? The one with the malleable brain? Does he ever go to underground sex clubs?”



12
Orianna ‘Roller Boogie’ Marisco never responded to Ky’s attempt to set up a meeting. “Apparently you’re hot.” Marin told her. Ky had asked Marin to try to find out why the woman wouldn’t meet with her. One of Marin’s co-workers had a daughter who’d interned at Mr. Ethos the previous summer and she made a call for Marin. “Word among the junior staffers is that you’re either an Industrial agent or being used by the Industry.”
“So this Marisco lady thinks I want to do my sister harm?”
“Well if she met with you, it might do her harm.” Marin said. “The ecstasy networks are closed, but that doesn’t mean that all clandestine operations are over. Anonymity was always our primary security measure. I know how the cadres work —I’m still technically in one. You can’t just make a phone call and set up a meeting with Roller Boogie.”
“So I should just give up?”
“I’m not telling you to give up,” Marin said, “I’m just telling you what I know.”
Ky sat on the bed and tied the laces of her bright purple high tops. Marin was in front of the mirror, putting on sunscreen. “Maybe it’s a sign.” Ky said.
Marin paused and looked at Ky in the mirror. “What kind of sign?” She asked.
“This whole deal to sell my songs to Missy LeGrand got screwed up because I had a moment of reckless honesty. Why did I tell them my sister wrote some of the lyrics? I could’ve kept my mouth shut. Maybe subconsciously I wanted to throw a monkey wrench in the works. Becky told me she got a call about me from 4AD.”
“What’s that?” Marin asked.
“A label.” Ky said. “Based in England. I mean, I’d be more excited if it was SST or Sub Pop, but shit, 4AD puts out some radical music. I could be on the same label as the Pixies for fuck’s sake. Maybe I’d be crazy to sell out to a bubblegum pop star.”
“You thinking about calling the whole thing off?” Marin asked.
“That’s exactly what I’m thinking.” Ky said. “But it’ll mean the end of my days as a Murderer, and that money’s good…”
“If you wind up broke you can always come work for me.” Marin said. “You can be my live-in maid.”
Ky smiled and stood up. “Yeah? Would I have to wear a little outfit?”
“There might be a uniform involved.” Marin said. “But don’t worry, it won’t be too degrading.”
Ky hugged her around the waist and kissed her neck. “That’s too bad.” She said. “I was hoping it would be extremely degrading.”

Technopolis was a huge outdoor party that had started off as a kind of protest. In the mid eighties, various rave promoters who were sick of seeing their parties broken up by the police got together and threw a renegade on Santa Monica Boulevard. The idea was to pool their promotional efforts and draw a crowd so large that the police couldn’t disperse it. The original six promoters each set up different sound and lighting systems and it became a kind of informal competition. It was billed as a test of the fourth amendment, and when 12,000 people showed up, the police didn’t have the manpower or inclination to stop it. It was a party that had, in the years since, become legendary.
At Technopolis 2, police in riot gear had stormed the party causing a melee that lasted two days and did millions of dollars in damages. The year after that, the police set up check points and busted over seven hundred people for possession. The promoters countered this at Technopolis 4 by distributing fake drugs to everyone in line at the check points. Every single person had bags of powder, various pills, or paper that looked like blotter acid. The cops simply couldn’t arrest everyone, so they gave up and broke down their checkpoints. After that, the promoters and the City Council of West Hollywood came to an agreement. The party was good for business and everyone was sick of the drama.
The consensus was that now that it was legal, Technopolis sucked. But Ky still made it a point to go every year. It was close and it was, after all, free. Ky and Marin burned a joint as they waited for the bus. It was a festive half-hour ride, with more and more ravers getting on at every stop.
They got off in front of the political mobilization encampment. Environmentalists and gay rights groups were distributing literature and getting signatures on petitions. Marin went and spoke to some young women who were passing out flyers with poems by Mary Jimenez on them. She came back to Ky smiling. “They’re not even Kibelians yet.” She said. “They’re just second-schoolers who felt like getting the word out.”
“Cute.” Ky said. “Are we gonna dance or what?”
“Let’s go.” Marin said.
Ky took her hand and they pushed their way into the crowd. It smelled like cigarette smoke and Vapo-Rub. They were near the biggest sound-system, which was right on Santa Monica Boulevard. The dance area was crowded with candy ravers and kids from the Inland Empire. Ky knew the terrain of the party well, and she led Marin out of the throng and up an alley. On the other side was the Exurban Incursion stage. The street was bordered on both sides by tall buildings, and the EI crew always set up a large open tent. They also had one of the best lighting rigs at Technopolis, with multiple banks of lasers and techno-beams all around a dance floor that was continually inundated with fog. The EI stage featured both house and techno, but the techno never got into the fully assaultive ear-rape that had been gaining adherents at the time.
Aside from the more chill vibe, another reason she wanted to go to the EI stage was that she knew she’d find Roland there. He was a tall 20-something with longish blonde hair and stooped shoulders. He had bad skin and always wore brand-new oversized clothing. Ky huddled with him behind a bass bin and paid him $30 for two pressed tablets shaped like gummy-bears. “Those shits are from Amsterdam.” He told her. “They’re pure. You’ll use up a year’s worth of joy in six hours. Guaranteed.”
Marin and Ky both chomped the bitter tablets so they’d hit faster and washed them down with copious amounts of water. They started to groove to the music and dance a bit as they waited for the drugs to kick in.
After twenty minutes or so, Ky could feel her arms and legs getting lighter and the slow, hot, THRUM in her solar plexus that always signaled MDMA coming on. She smiled at Marin, who bopped casually in the growing crowd on the dance floor. Ky leaned in to her. “I don’t want to sell my songs.” She said. “I wanna make my own record.”
“Really?” Marin asked “Are you sure?”
“Yeah,” Ky said. “I just decided right now.”
“That’s great.” Marin said. Ky grabbed her hand and led her off the dance floor. “Where are we going?” Marin asked.
“I gotta find a payphone.” Ky said. “I have to call Becky and tell her.”
“Really? Now? You don’t want to sleep on it?”
“No way.” She said.
She found a row of payphones up the block. She dropped two dimes and dialed Becky’s number. It rang five times before she answered.
“I’m so glad you picked up!” Ky said.
“I just walked in.” Becky said. “Who’s this?”
“It’s Ky.”
“Who?”
“KYRENE SLANG.”
“Oh hi Ky.” Becky said. “Where are you? I can barely hear you.”
Ky turned away from the sound system pumping out minimal techno up the street and cupped her hand over the receiver. “I’m calling from a payphone. Listen, I want to record those songs myself. I don’t want to sell them.”
“Are you sure? It’ll piss off Missy.”
“I don’t care.” Ky said. “You think she’ll sue me?”
“I doubt it.” Becky said. “All she’s got is a letter of intent. Are you really sure this is what you want? I mean we’re talking about a lot of money here.”
“That’s just it.” Ky said. “I’ve been walking around miserable over this thing and I stand to make a million dollars. Who gets this close to becoming a millionaire and they don’t feel any joy? It hit me just now while I was dancing. I don’t really care about the money! Even if I make a record and it flops, it’ll still be better than seeing my songs turned into over-produced garbage.”
“Okay, it’s your decision.” Becky said. “You’re taking a much bigger financial hit than me. I hope you know what you’re doing.”
“I do.” Ky said. She thanked her agent and hung up.
“Feel better?” Marin asked her.
“Much!” Ky said. “Where do you want to go next?”
Marin pointed to a giant gray-alien inflatable up the block.
“Ahh.” Ky said. “The Alien Nation Sound System. Good choice. Let’s go.”

In the flashing, throbbing night, a cool breeze blew across the dance floor. Marin lit up a joint and passed it to Ky. They were coming down from the E, but Marin didn’t want to chase it by getting more. She said weed and caffeine were the best ways to scare off the comedown. They’d gotten energy drinks at the ‘Brain Bar’ and now they were back amongst the crowd. Cops would have to push through seven hundred dancers to get to them so it was a safe place to smoke. Donald Glaude was on the decks and the crowd was locked in with the funky house coming out of the speakers.
Ky inhaled deep and blew a cloud of smoke straight up. Marin tilted her head toward someone over Ky’s shoulder and she turned and saw a man with a camera. She frowned at him and then realized who it was. “Jaime.” She said. “I thought you were law enforcement.”
“What?” He asked.
She leaned closer and shouted. “I thought you were a cop!”
“That’s paranoia.” He shouted back. “I’m surprised to see you here.”
“Why?”
“I thought you’d be tired from working in the studio.” He said.
“What are you talking about?”
“I was at Rainbow Bridge today, taking pictures of a hair metal band, and I saw on the schedule that Missy and the Murderers have the big studio booked for the next two months.”
Ky nodded and couldn’t help frowning.
“Didn’t you know?” He asked.
Ky performed a scoff. She leaned in and spoke directly into his ear. “I just didn’t realize they’d started already. This new producer likes to get the rhythm tracks set first. It’s a long process.”
Jaime sensed that he’d delivered a devastating piece of information despite Ky’s attempts to hide it. “She’s so big, she’s probably trying to write songs in there.” He shouted. “What does she care? It’s not her money.”
Ky nodded and tried for a laugh.
Marin took the joint from Ky and then looked at her, concerned. She could tell something was wrong. “Come on, I gotta hit the Port-A-Johns.” Marin shouted. She took a quick hit and handed the joint to Jaime. She pulled Ky toward the edge of the dance floor. When they were up on the sidewalk, away from the sound system, Marin asked her what was wrong.
“Missy LeGrand’s in the studio.” Ky said. “She’s gotta be recording my songs. Jaime said she’s on the schedule for the next two months. This is gonna fuck everything up. I need to go home. I don’t want to be here anymore.”
It was after four in the morning when they got to Ky’s apartment. She was still ranting, going around in circles. She thought she should call Missy LeGrand to ask her directly if she was recording her songs, but then she’d second-guess herself and decide to ask Becky for advice first. “Maybe a lawyer should make the call. They weren’t supposed to start recording until they had a release from my sister —that’s what THEIR guy said. So by their own lawyer’s admission, what they’re doing isn’t right… We could get a cease-and-desist order, couldn’t we? Isn’t that what it’s called?”
“Sure.” Marin said.
“You’re not even listening!”
“You’ve been repeating yourself all the way home.” Marin got a glass and filled it with tap water. “There’s nothing we can do about it right now, so why worry? Wait until a reasonable hour and then call Becky and let her know what’s going on.” Marin drank down the water.
“But you don’t understand.” Ky said. “She’s in there laying claim to my work. She’s eating part of my soul!”
“You don’t even know she’s recording your songs!” Marin said.
“I do know.” Ky said. “I can feel it. I feel violated.”
“You don’t think you’re being a little dramatic?”
“Fuck you!”
“I’m sorry.” Marin said. She put the empty glass down on the counter. “Don’t be mad at me. We’ll figure it out together.” She pulled Ky in and hugged her. Ky wrapped her arms around Marin and sobbed into her shoulder.
“This is so fucked.” She said. She pulled away and noticed the red light flashing on her answering machine. “Maybe Becky called back after I talked to her.” She said. She went to the machine and hit the button:

Ky it’s Jenn, oh my god are you watching the news? Did you see what happened? It’s horrible. I don’t know what to do with myself right now…I’m still shaking. Call me back.

“What the hell was that all about?” Marin asked. “Who was that?”
“A friend from the club.” Ky said.
Marin went to the living room with Ky following and turned on the TV, but at that hour it was just televangelists and infomercials. “This is why you need cable.” Marin said. “I’ll run up to the 7-11 —they should have the morning paper by now.”
“Could you get me a donut?” Ky asked.

When Marin got back twenty minutes later, she was drained of all color. She didn’t have a donut but she did have a copy of the Los Angeles Times. Ky read the headline: Santa Clara Massacre Leaves 21 Dead.
Marin sat on the couch. “I can’t believe it.” She said. “21 people…” Ky read the first paragraph of the article:

21 people are confirmed dead in an unprecedented act of gun-violence that occurred Friday night at a club called Mechanix in Santa Clara, CA. The gunman entered the club sometime before midnight and opened fire in the bar area, then moved around, targeting other victims. Authorities have not yet identified the gunman or indicated a possible motive for the shooting.

“Oh my god.” Ky said. “This is awful.”
“He was just shooting at random into the crowd.” Marin said.
“Jesus.” Ky said. “Do you know that place?”
“Yeah, I’ve been there a few times. I…I know some regulars…” She began to cry. “Oh my god Sarah, my friend Sarah always goes to Mechanix.” She reached for the phone and started to dial with a shaking finger. Tears streamed down her cheeks.
[[ TRANSCRIPT ]]
// disinfectant
May 2, 1992
CBS Evening News — Special Report
Anchor: Dan Rather
“Massacre in Santa Clara”
Rather: The death toll stands at 23, including the gunman, and more than 20 injured in the worst act of violence by one American against other Americans since the civil war. Eyewitnesses describe a scene of carnage and chaos inside the Mechanix nightclub. Many of the injuries were sustained as the panicked crowd rushed toward the exits. Earlier today, we heard from Police Chief Jonah Smyth, who told us what we know about the shooter.
Footage from 1st press conference 5/2/92 7:48 AM.
Smyth: We believe the shooter was a nineteen-year-old man from Palo Alto named Gary Moorehead. We are currently searching his residence, looking for anything that would tell us why he would commit such a horrible crime…
[unintelligible shouted question]
Smyth: Yes, we’ve had numerous statements from survivors who say that Gary Moorehead was a regular at the club…
Unidentified Reporter: [unintelligible] that it’s a sex club?
Smyth: What goes on at the club… The uh…nature of the activities that go on there, have no bearing whatsoever on our investigation. 
Unidentified Reporter: But it goes to motive doesn’t it?
Smyth: We have no evidence of a political or religious motive at this time. I’ll share more information as we get it.
CBS News studio—
Rather: Outpourings of grief have sprung up across America and across the world. There were candlelight vigils in Madrid and London earlier this evening, and the scene of the shooting has become a makeshift memorial.
Montage: piles of flowers, homemade signs, people huddled together crying.
Rather: The question that the world is left with tonight is Why? Why would a young man take the lives of so many innocent people? What could drive an educated, privileged resident of one of the richest neighborhoods in America to gun down his fellow countrymen? To help us answer these questions, we have Dr. Karel Monte, a developmental psychologist who specializes in the root causes of violence. He’s the author of the book When Children Kill. Dr. Monte, thank you for being here. What do you make of this shocking act of violence?
Dr. Monte: I would classify it as a grandiose act of suicide. Often, when young people try to commit suicide, they don’t frame it as an act of violence against themselves, but as an act of violence against the world. They’re trying to reject a society that has hurt them. Gary Moorehead felt the need to express his disgust with the reality he was leaving behind. So instead of letting the act of suicide speak for itself, he manifested his rage so that he would not be misunderstood…
Rather: And the nature of the club? As I understand it, Mechanix is a kind of underground sex club.
Dr. Monte: Yes, and specifically a site of fetishistic homosexual expression. This type of activity is more likely to cause feelings of shame—especially in someone from a relatively privileged position. Gary Moorehead came from a wealthy family and was most likely raised under elevated expectations. But within the sexual culture of these kinds of clubs, your social position is meaningless. Your status within the group is determined solely by your sexual attributes. In a club like Mechanix, a janitor with desirable sexual characteristics holds a higher position than the heir to a great fortune. When a young man’s ego is challenged, he will often react violently—either against himself or against the person, or in this case, the institution, that challenged his self-image.
Rather: And you think that’s the case with Gary Moorehead?
Dr. Monte: I don’t know for sure. I never treated Gary Moorehead so I can’t offer a diagnosis. But speculating based on the available information, I would guess that this was the case.



13
It was a rainy night and Ky and Marin huddled together under an umbrella as they walked up the sidewalk toward the Reichsburo. “Look.” Ky said. She pointed to a van parked across the street. “Herzog Plumbing. It’s the same one that followed me the other day.”
“Really?”
“Yeah.” Ky said. “And I think I saw it in front of my apartment this afternoon too.”
Marin handed the umbrella to Ky and ran over to the van. She knocked on the back door and waited. There was no answer. She put her ear against the door, listened for a moment, then trotted back to the shelter of the umbrella. “Sounds like there’s some kind of fan on in there.” She said. “Maybe you’re right.” They started to walk again. “Don’t worry about it.” Marin said. “Even if someone’s keeping tabs on you, that doesn’t mean anything. Hell, you’re no threat to anybody.”
The night was billed as A Gathering of Remembrance and Defiance and all the regulars were there. Nobody was in the shredder, everyone was in the bar and dance floor area. There was no music playing and the mood was somber and a bit nervous. Marin and Ky made their way to the bar and ordered drinks. “Everyone on TV is suddenly talking about sex clubs.” Soulless the bartender said as he filled two glasses with ice. “It’s weird. It’s like everyone had their own little half-baked theories about the clubs, and now they’ve got the perfect excuse to trot them out on national TV. It makes me sick.”
“I know.” Ky said. “They act like it makes sense, like the people at Mechanix were pushing their luck or something…”
“It’s just homophobia.” Marin said as Soulless handed them their drinks. “You’re both young, so you might have a hard time recognizing it. I can remember when clubs like this were illegal. Back in the early seventies, I was arrested for just being in a lesbian bar.”
There was some movement at the back of the dance floor and everyone turned to watch as the owner, Jules, and one of the bouncers got up on stepladders to hang a large sign on the back wall. A spotlight lit up the sign and the crowd cheered.
It read: WE ARE NOT AFRAID.
Seeing that the time was right, Jules got up on the narrow stage next to the DJ booth and picked up a mic. He spoke with a slight French-Canadian accent. “Listen,” he said, “I’m not one for speeches, but we’re here tonight because we lost 22 brothers and sisters in Santa Clara. It’s sad and scary, but we are here because we are not afraid!” The crowd cheered again. “We are not afraid of the fascists.” He said. “They cannot push us back into the closet. In the face of violence and tragedy we say, here we are. We don’t hide. We remember our brothers and sisters by continuing the tradition they were a part of. We represent freedom here and that’s important. We must remember that.” There was a smattering of applause. “I don’t want to talk anymore.” Jules said. “I’m not a politician. I asked someone else to speak, and I am happy to introduce her now. Here she is: Mother Superior!”
The applause was long and loud as Mother Superior took the stage. Her hair was picked-out into an Angela Davis-level afro and she wore a bright yellow jumper and diamond stud earrings. She took the mic and stalked back and forth as she collected her thoughts. Finally, she spoke. “I’m fuckin’ angry right now!” She said. “The world outside those doors is a fucked-up world! I don’t know why it’s like that, or who made it that way —I don’t have any idea. I just know that people get beat down by that world. They get crushed by it. If you’re weak, if you’re different, if you’re too sissy or too butch, or you got a stump where your hand’s supposed to be and nobody knows where to look when they talk to you, whatever it is, it doesn’t matter. Everyone’s gotta walk around feeling like shit out there. It’s the law! We wake up every morning and run off to jobs so we can make enough money to keep living so we can keep going to our fuckin’ jobs to make enough money to keep living… But that’s no kinda life! Every single person you see out there is miserable. And to make matters worse, everyone has to hide the fact that they’re miserable from each other! We’re supposed to feel ashamed of the state of our lives, but guess what? We don’t have much say in the state of our lives, and that’s the truth. They filled us up with incredible lies... Hell, they probably told you with a straight face that there aren’t any slaves in America anymore! Bullshit! From where I’m standing it looks like there’s hardly anything but slaves in America!” She shook her head in disgust. “Well maybe we’re overdue for a slave revolt!”
The crowd shouted their approval.
She went back to stalking the stage, thinking. “Since Santa Clara, I’ve been hearing a lot of conspiracy theories. Everyone will tell you it’s the Moral Majority or the FBI or the Illuminati or whatever. I’ll tell you the truth, I sure hope they’re right, because I don’t wanna live in a world that just creates Gary Mooreheads by accident. I don’t want to live in a world that just raises up kids who shoot down 22 people for no reason, but you know what? Either way it doesn’t matter. Whether the CIA brainwashed him to do it or the culture mixed with his crazy just right, either way, the outcome is the same. 22 people are dead, and everyone’s scared. Who was scared to come here tonight? Be honest…I know I was.”
A lot of hands in the crowd went up.
“Yeah,” Mother Superior said, “but you’re here anyway. Why? Why risk it?”
“Because it’s worth it!” Someone shouted.
“That’s right.” She said. “It’s worth it. The conspiracy thing is a trip too, because I’ll tell you my conspiracy theory. I’ve been working on it for years and it’s basically this: The Man wants to keep us all separated. They want to keep us individualized and discourage any real human connection. They want us isolated in front of our TVs —passive consumers. Goddamn, I think their ideal state of affairs would be if all communication went through some corporate entity. That way, it would be easier for them to turn human relationships and experiences into commodities. And that way they’d always know if there were people out here who weren’t miserable, and they could hurry up and arrest them for something. Shit, what we’re doing here should be illegal. Because the law is there to protect the isolationists. But in this space, we do something you can’t do on a telephone line or over an integrated digital computer network… We’re here to fuck!”
Everyone cheered.
“That’s dangerous!” She said over the noise. “You’re only supposed to fuck one person! That’s all you’re allowed in our culture. Any more than that and you’re legally obligated to feel shitty. You wanna fuck a stranger? That’s allowed, you’re allowed to want it, that’s what pornography is based on, but if you actually do it? If you actually go out and fuck a stranger? Well unless one of you is doing it for money, then you’re a couple of perverts and you should feel shame. The porn industry caters to the desire to fuck multiple strangers, but it’s sanctioned precisely because it keeps people isolated. Go to some seedy part of town to a dingy little store that’s drenched in shame and buy some dirty magazine so you can go home and jerk off to it and then feel sick afterward. That’s allowed you if you happen to be a man. For a woman? We’re not even allowed that, the cycle of desire and shame has to be completely internalized. A place like the Reichsburo popping up in this puritanical culture has gotta qualify as a miracle. We shouldn’t be here. When a putrid little fuck like —I don’t even want to say his name— when some little-dick loser like that expresses the rage of the culture against us, we have to come back ten times stronger. We can’t retreat and say yeah, maybe we’ve gone too far. It’s too extreme, we should tone it down. Fuck that! That’s like saying the people who died in Santa Clara deserved what they got! That’s what they mean when they say what happened was inevitable! They want you to believe that we’re going against the natural order here, like that psychotic little murderer represents some kind of immune response. Well I think they’re the virus and we’re the immune response. They’re the sick fucks and we’re the ones who found the cure!” She took a moment to look the crowd over. “So are we here to cry?” She asked.
“NO!” The crowd shouted.
“Are we here to mourn?”
“NO!” They shouted louder.
“Are we here to apologize and ask for mercy?”
“NO!”
“Are we here to FUCK?”
“YEAH!”
“I want everyone in here to get into that shredder and fuck! That’s how you show them that you’re not afraid. We’re here to fuck, so let’s get to it!”
The crowd screamed and clapped loud and long and the DJ started up some diva house. Marin felt an emotional release that she didn’t know she’d needed. Tears streamed down Ky’s face and Marin hugged her tight. They stayed in the embrace for a long time.
They went hand in hand to the locker room to get changed. Marin put on her Doc Martins over long striped gym socks that went up to the tops of her thighs. The only other thing she wore was a black leather jacket. The outfit was stylish and it left her best features, her large ass and big black bush, exposed. Ky was naked except for her Chuck Taylors.
“I’ve never seen it so crowded.” Ky said as they entered the shredder. “A lot of fresh fuckmeat.”
“I’m going to the queening chairs.” Marin said. “You wanna come?”
“I’m going to look for Mother Superior.” Ky said.
They kissed and went their separate ways.

An hour and a half later, Marin went looking for Ky. She wanted to check in before she retired to the bar. She found Mother Superior having a smoke outside the classroom set. “Hey Mother, I liked your speech.” She said.
“Thanks.” Mother Superior said. She lifted her arm and Marin kissed her stump.
“Have you seen Ky around?” Marin asked.
“She went to the showers.” Mother Superior said. “She was all sticky.”
Marin thanked her and thought about cutting through the pigsty, but she didn’t want to wade through piss in her boots, so she went the long way around. She was in front of the jail set when a loud BANG stopped her. Jesus, she thought, that sounded like gunfire. There were two more blasts, then four, echoing off the cement and cinderblocks.
Someone was screaming.
Marin ran along the edge of the room and pushed through a group of people who were frantic and didn’t know which way to run. She had to step over someone on the ground and she thought it was a stupid place to take cover —then noticed the blood. She didn’t look close, she kept moving. There were more blasts, louder now, coming from the other side of the shredder. She was out in the open for a moment and then she turned and ran down a short hallway toward the showers. She crashed into someone on the way in and saw stars. She felt hands on her shoulders, steadying her. It was a longhaired man in leather. “You can’t get out that way.” He said.
Marin pulled away from him. “I’m looking for my friend.” She said. She pushed past him into a room with benches and racks of clean towels. “Ky! Ky, are you in here?”
There was another burst of gunfire in the shredder and Marin vaguely knew that the shooter was moving around. When the sound died down, she heard Ky’s voice.
Marin pushed through the rubber flaps into the shower room. Ky was sitting on the floor, trying to tie the laces of her sneakers with shaking hands. Marin kneeled down and helped her. “We gotta get out of here.” She said. “Do we have to go out the front or is there another exit?”
“There’s a fire exit in the back.” Ky said. “But we’re closer to the manager’s office. It has a window that opens up to the back alley.”
The lights went out.
Marin found Ky’s hand in the darkness and pulled her up. “Take us to that office.” She said.
Ky led Marin out. The outer room was lit with red emergency lights. A fire alarm began to chirp and it got louder as Ky and Marin went down the hall and back into the shredder. The gunfire hadn’t stopped but it was more sporadic now. Fewer available targets, Marin thought.
They moved along the wall the way Marin had come in. The ground was sticky and they were almost past the jail set before Marin realized they were walking on blood. They went around a pile of four or five bodies to a back hallway that ended at a door marked Staff Only. Two young women were sprawled out in front of it.
“Oh shit.” Ky said.
“Come on, we gotta move ’em.” Marin said. She started to pull on the arm of one of the corpses, but it was too heavy. “Help me.” She said.
But Ky was frozen. She just stood there in the red light and stared at Marin. Marin got down low and pushed the bodies out of the way, then tried the doorknob.
It was locked.
Marin saw a tall woman coming toward them. She was blonde with short hair. “The door’s locked.” Marin told her. “But maybe I can kick it in.”
Ky still seemed to be in a state of shock. More gunfire sounded from the shredder as Marin slammed her foot against the door. A loud crack told her that it could be breached. She tried again.
“I know you.” Ky said to the woman.
A loud blast startled Marin. It was right in her ear. She turned and saw Ky on the ground. The woman stepped toward Marin and pointed a gun at her head. Before Marin could do anything, her world shattered.
The gunshot echoed deep into an all-encompassing darkness.



14
The town of Three Forks was up in Trinity County, on the edge of a dense pine forest in view of the high peaks of the Trinity Alps. Laura Hackish had never been in that part of Northern California before, and it seemed wilder than any place in California had the right to be. The first thing you saw coming into town on Route 3 was the Dairy Queen, which was next to a small field with cows in it. Once you’d crossed the railroad tracks and gone over a small bridge, there was a bend in the road and the rest of the town came into view. The largest structure in Three Forks was a five-story brick building called the Claridge Hotel. It’s sculpted cornices and arched windows on the top floor gave it the look of a place that had once been grand. It was probably put up in the late forties, Hackish thought, in a surge of post-war optimism.
At the intersection of Route 3 and Main Street was Three Forks’ second most imposing building: a bank. Across the street was a bakery and a couple of empty storefronts. Hackish turned on Main and drove slowly. There was a general store and next to it, improbably, was a place called The Artimis Vegetarian Café. She had to wonder how an old logging outpost like Three Forks could support a vegetarian restaurant. Once she’d gotten to the edge of town, she turned and drove back. She pulled into the small parking lot beside the hotel.
There were two old ladies on a sofa in the lobby, and when they saw Hackish, one of them put down her needlework and went to the front desk. The other woman was older, and she just stared at a small black and white TV on the coffee table in front of her. Hackish could see that she was watching The Price is Right with no sound. “What can I do for you?” The first woman asked. She looked like she was in her seventies.
“I’m afraid I don’t have a reservation.” Hackish said.
“What happened, did your friends run out of room?”
“My friends?” Hackish shook her head. “I think you have me confused with someone else. I’m here alone.”
The woman squinted at her. “Alright then. What’s the name?”
“Barbara Leigh. L-E-I-G-H.”
“How long will you be staying?”
“I’m not sure, a couple of days at least.”
Hackish was treated to a new round of suspicious looks from the old woman. “What brings you up this way?” She asked.
Two weeks before, she’d left Los Angeles and flown into San Francisco. She’d gotten an Industry car and headed north. There was still a ‘Magic Bubbles’ sign over the hot tub showroom in the strip mall, but it looked like the business had been closed for at least a year. Clear Lake city records said that the shop had been leased by a man named Ray Nicossi, and that after his death, his widow had eventually sold off all the assets and stopped paying rent. The dates told Hackish that the TV commercial had been made after Nicossi’s death, so the widow had, at least briefly, tried to make a go of the business. Whatever production company she’d hired to shoot the commercial had used the same camera that had been used in Vanessa Slang’s release-signing video.
The widow Nicossi was Aline Reginald Marks, a 53-year-old woman who now lived on the coast. She had a two-story white clapboard house near the town of Elk, just off PCH. She was married again, this time to a man in his thirties who did not appear to be wealthy. Hackish got in touch with the HR agent for the woman’s social pod and he said that Aline Marks was classified as a Stable Extroverted Narcissist. He said that Marks was a gold-digger who had cashed-in when Nicossi died and married a younger man less than a year after her husband’s death. She was also categorized as a practicing bisexual, and was known to have had serial same-sex affairs, mostly with older women. She was a Kibelian, but was not highly placed in the Academy.
Maybe she’d thought running Magic Bubbles would be easy.
Hackish figured that after her husband’s death, Aline Marks had tried to turn the place around with a new TV ad. Of course she’d hired a Kibelian-affiliated company to produce it. Hackish looked up who Marks had been sleeping with at the time of her husband’s death: Mary Torres. Torres was highly placed in the Academy.
The file on Torres was fairly thick. Back in the late seventies, she’d been part of a Kibele mobile propaganda unit based in San Francisco called Matrimony Due. Although their precise activities were unknown, the Industry suspected that the group was behind a campaign to ‘out’ right-wing Republican politicians who frequented sex clubs or enjoyed secret homosexual trysts.
Hackish knew she was in danger of going too far into the weeds, so she tried to stay focused on the point of connection —the camera. She looked for anyone in Mary Torres’s social pods who was connected to marketing or communications and found one strong possibility. Mary’s sister-in-law, Bettina Mabel-Torres, had worked as communications director for a non-profit that was run out of the Mother-House. After leaving that position in 1988, she’d moved to Three Forks.
One of the cameras connected to the one that shot the release-signing video had also been used in an independently produced music video. It featured a shot which could be geographically placed in Northern California, not far from Three Forks. It showed a singer named Sarah Verlaine, walking along the shoulder of a two-lane road strumming her guitar. There was a small, picturesque ranch behind her, and a crossroads with a street sign that read Wildwood. According to the analysis of Bill Tolls, Sarah Verlaine had been walking on the shoulder of Route 3, a mile or so south of Three Forks.
So there were two arrows pointing to the town.
Hackish figured Bettina Mabel-Torres picked up production work where she could, and either she owned the camera or would get it from the same rental house whenever she needed it. She was the one they’d called when they needed to make the video for Spartan Records.
Hackish thought that if she could find Mabel-Torres, Vanessa Slang might very well be close by. She was hanging a lot on the analysis of Bill Tolls, a man she’d only met once, but it happened to be her only lead. So she drove her Industry car all the way out to Three Forks, a hicktown that somehow kept a vegetarian café in business. 
“There’s good hiking up here.” Hackish said to the old woman in the lobby of the Claridge Hotel. “Plus I heard an old friend of mine might live around here, so I thought I’d look her up.”
“What’s your friend’s name?” She asked.
“Bettina Mabel-Torres. Do you know her?”
The woman’s look hardened slightly. “No.” She said. “It’s $42.50 a night and a thirty dollar deposit.”
Hackish got out a wad of cash peeled off $115.00.
“Are you gonna use the phone? I need a credit card if you are.”
Hackish handed the woman a Visa card with the name Barbara Leigh on it. Once the old woman had made a carbon copy, she handed it back along with a key.
“Room forty-two, fourth floor. Make a right off the elevator.”



15
There was something very important and wonderful down there, and if it weren’t for the pain in her head, Marin could get back to it. The pain kept pulling her up away from the beautiful perfect thing she’d found. She realized that she’d been struggling to get back to it for so long that she’d forgotten what it was —something rich and yummy down there in the dark. It was the pain that kept her away.
There was something pressing on her skull.
She forced her eyes open and found herself in a dark room with little electric lights above her. She thought of the phrase ‘light pollution’ and remembered her father telling her that they were robbed of a clear view of the night sky by the lights of San Francisco. She chastised the little lights above her bed for obscuring the stars and then laughed inwardly. Her last coherent thought was that she must’ve drank too much peach Schnapps again, and then she fell into a muddled, uncomfortable half-sleep.
The next time she opened her eyes, the room was filled with light. It felt like her head was being pressed in a vise and she was sweating under the covers. She tried to push them back but there was a plastic tube in her arm. It was a thing that had a name that she couldn’t quite remember. As she got ahold of the word, its meaning escaped her. She thought that she’d been in bed so long that ivy had grown over her. Someone touched her shoulder and it took her a moment to recognize her little sister. “Kel.” She said, surprised at how rough her voice sounded. She cleared her throat, which sent new waves of pain crashing through her head. “Kel,” she said again, “what are you doing here?” It occurred to her that she was in a hospital.
“Are you hot? You want me to fix your covers?” Kelly asked.
“Yeah.” Marin said. “When did you get into town?”
Her sister pulled the top blanket to the foot of the bed. “I got on a plane to Los Angeles as soon as I heard what happened.” She said.
“Los Angeles? Wait…what day is it?”
“It’s Tuesday Mare —don’t get yourself upset. I called the doctor, he should be here in a second.” She was crying.
“Wait, so you’re saying I’ve been in this bed since…” She was a little more awake now, and she remembered the Reichsburo, the shredder, the panic, and a locked door. “Ky.” She said.
“The doctor should be here to tell you.” Kelly said. She dabbed at her eyes with a wad of Kleenex. “I sent a nurse to get him when it looked like you were waking up.”
“Kelly, tell me what happened. Is Ky dead?”
“Was she the girl you told me about? The one you were seeing?”
“Yeah.” Marin said.
“I don’t know.” Kelly said. “I can look it up. A lot of people died. The Reichsburo was one of the worst ones.”
Marin felt hot tears fill her eyes and spill down her cheeks. “What do you mean, one of the worst ones?” She asked.
“38 people were killed.” Kelly said. “It’s been happening all over. Bath-houses, sex clubs, leather bars —they’re getting shot up. It’s like Santa Clara opened the floodgates. Most of those places are closing now.”
“But… What happened to me? How long have I been here?”
“I really think the doctor should tell you.” Kelly said.
“You tell me.”
“You were shot… In the head. You shouldn’t have survived but somehow you did. They told me that if you lived, you’d be a vegetable. You were in a coma Marin.”
“For how long?”
“Two weeks and three days.” Kelly said. “They were getting ready to transfer you to a long-term care facility. The fact that you’re talking right now is...” She trailed off, not wanting to use the word.
“I don’t understand. If I got shot in the head… That’s supposed to kill you.”
“It’s a miracle.” Kelly said finally. “They took part of your skull off so your brain could swell. Then they put it back and sewed you up. The doctor said it was lucky you’d been shot at such close range because the bullet passed through. He said most people who get shot in the head, the bullet stays in the skull and that would’ve killed you for sure.”
“Jesus Christ…”
“Where’s that doctor…”
Marin let herself really cry. Her sister took her hand and held it tight as she sobbed. “I could’ve saved Ky.” Marin said. “If I’d just moved a little quicker. I thought that woman was looking for a way out, like us. If I’d seen the gun, I could’ve tackled her.”
Kelly let go of Marin’s hand and got her a tissue from the bedside table. Marin wiped her nose and coughed, which sent lightning bolts of pain through her temples.
“It was a man.” Kelly said. “The Reichsburo shooter was a guy named Ned Parks. He was 26 years old.”
“No, I remember perfectly.” Marin said. “It was a tall woman with short blonde hair. I heard the shot that killed Kyrene and when I turned, she pointed the gun at me.”
“Mare, you’re confused.” Kelly said. “You must be. It was a guy named Parks. They said he was a regular there…”
“I should talk to the police.” Marin said “They probably let the real shooter get away. Either that or there were two.”
“I’m sure if there was a second shooter, they would know that by now.”
“I’m telling you what I saw Kelly… What? What are you smiling about?”
“You’re arguing with me.” Kelly said. “You’re the same.”
The doctor came in with a chart and looked blankly at Marin over his reading glasses. “You’re a very lucky woman.” He said. “Frankly, you shouldn’t be here.”
[[ TRANSCRIPT ]]
// floodlight
May 26, 1992
CBS — 60 Minutes
Anchor: Morley Safer
Correspondent: Charles Osgood
“One Woman’s Plea”
60 Minutes studio.
Safer: On the morning of April 17th, 1992, police were called to the home of the famous poet Mary Jimenez, near Taos, New Mexico. It seemed there was a woman who’d spent two days and nights in front of the house, and she refused to leave. She wanted to meet the writer, but this was no fan. When police arrived, the woman, Sally Travers, told them a story—the same story she tells our own Charles Osgood, who brings us this report from New Mexico.
Sally Travers stands next to a tall wooden fence holding a sign with the message out of frame.
 Travers: I’m here because my daughter is missing, and Mary Jimenez knows something about it that she’s not saying.
Charles Osgood (off-camera): Is that what you told the police?
Travers: Yes, and I told them I wouldn’t be out here obstructing the sidewalk if the police had done their job in the first place and found my Jo.
CONCURRENT — Home video from Joanne Travers youth / Osgood voice-over.
Osgood (VO): Joanne Travers grew up in Arizona, in a suburb of Phoenix. She was a straight-A student all through high school which led to a scholarship to Columbia University. The little girl raised by a single mom on the edge of the desert had made it all the way to the Ivy Leagues.
Sally Travers in a TV studio with Osgood.
Travers: She didn’t get very far in college because she wanted to have an impact in the real world. She was always part of protest movements and things like that. She was very opinionated and wasn’t afraid to express herself. She was a volunteer too… She wanted to make the world a better place.
Osgood: So she dropped out of Columbia?
Travers: In her sophomore year, she made a formal complaint against a professor there, but the administration didn’t do anything about it. Well for Jo, the worst thing you could do is ignore her. Even as a child she was that way. She dropped out and joined the Mary Jimenez cult.
Osgood: Calling it a cult… That’s pretty strong language.
Travers: Well what would you call it? It changed her whole life—the way she looked, the way she talked, the way she thought. I mean gay-straight, that never bothered me. I can love the sinner without loving the sin, but this Kibble thing stole her away from me.
Osgood walks along an empty sidewalk in Taos.
Osgood: Mary Jimenez is at the center of a network of charitable organizations that are dedicated to improving the lives of women in America, and around the world. But there have long been rumors that she controls a deeper, hidden network. According to some, these women are involved in influencing local politics, retribution against enemies…even drug dealing.
Sally Travers in the studio.
Travers: My daughter wouldn’t tell me where she was working. She had an apartment and a car and a fridge full of food, but when I asked her what kind of work she was doing, she would always put me off and just say she was a consultant or something. I’d say, ‘consulting about what? What’s the company called?’ But she wouldn’t answer. I was very worried...
Osgood: Because you thought she might be involved in something illegal?
Travers: Or dangerous. Sometimes I wished the police would pick her up—then at least I would know she was safe.
CONCURRENT — Home movies of a young Joanne Travers in slow motion / Osgood voice-over.
Osgood (VO): Eventually, Joanne moved and refused to give her mother her new address. Phone calls and communication got less and less frequent, until one Sunday, Sally Travers got home from church to find a message from Jo on her answering machine.
Joanne Travers (answering machine audio): Mom, I’m going to be gone for a long time. I don’t know when I’ll get to see you again, but I don’t want you to worry about me. I’m fine. I need you to trust me on that. What I’m doing is important, not just for me, but… It’s something I really have to do. Please trust me mom. I love you. Bye for now.
In the studio.
Sally Travers (crying): That was the last time I heard from her. I got more and more worried as time went on. I called her friends, I even hired a private investigator, but no one could tell me anything about what had happened to my daughter. I was angry, I felt like there was nothing I could do. But then I saw Mary Jimenez on one of those interview shows on TV, and it hit me: she knows where my Jo is!
Osgood: Is that when you decided to make a sign and stand in front of her house?
Travers: That woman is running a cult and my daughter got caught up in it. I talked to a cult expert and she said they make people believe that their family-members are trying to harm them. The cult-leader wants their followers to be isolated… I really think that’s what they did to my Jo.
Sally Travers stands in front of the fence outside of Mary Jimenez’s home—she holds a large photograph of Joanne Travers with the word MISSING printed on it.
Osgood (VO): And so here Sally Travers stands, in front of the home of the famous poet, pleading for answers. She’s here every day, risking arrest, because she loves her daughter and must know what happened to her. For 60 Minutes, I’m Charles Osgood.
60 Minutes studio.
Safer: We reached out to Mary Jimenez and the Jimenez Foundation for comment, but we haven’t received a response. Next up, Andy Rooney has a problem with… Problems? This is 60 Minutes.



16
The Artimis Vegetarian Café served something called The Fisher-Woman’s Breakfast, which was scrambled eggs and cheese over home fries with pickled onions on top. Hackish ate slowly at the counter and looked around for someone to talk to. There were some women in the back and a pair of men at one of the front tables —an old hippie and some kind of ranch worker. They looked like a covert couple, but she couldn’t be sure. Her waitress was young, maybe seventeen at the most, and there was a woman in the kitchen who Hackish heard but couldn’t see.
When the young waitress came over to refill her coffee, Hackish smiled at her. “I bet you know everyone in this town.” She said.
“Me? Not really, just the people who come in here.”
“Well from what I’ve seen, Three Forks doesn’t have a lot of dining options. It’s either this place or the Dairy Queen.”
“True.” She said. “Can I get you anything else?”
“I’m just wondering how a restaurant like this stays in business.” Hackish said. “I wouldn’t think there were enough vegetarians around here to make it work.”
“Most of our customers are omnivores.” She said.
“Right, but a lot of meat-eaters wouldn’t set foot a vegetarian restaurant.”
“You’d be surprised.” The girl said. “This place used to get crowded every single morning, but since they opened the cafeteria in New Minoa, business is a bit slower. People don’t have any reason to come into town anymore.”
“Right,” Hackish said, “because they have everything they need right there in New Minoa.”
“Pretty much.” The girl said. “And let’s face it, it isn’t safe anymore. Let me know if I can get you anything else.” She walked away and Hackish sipped her coffee and thought. She didn’t feel like eating any more eggs. The Fisher-Woman’s Breakfast was more food than any human being should eat in one sitting.
After she’d paid, she went to her car and got a map of the area from the glove box and spread it out on the hood. She studied it but couldn’t find anything called New Minoa anywhere nearby. There did seem to be a couple of residential areas —small clusters of roads off of Route 3 and Main Street, so she decided to explore.
She drove around a nice suburban neighborhood with lots of shade trees and old brick houses with wide front porches. She went back down Main Street and turned on another road called Woodland. There were a couple of stores and a church, and next to the railroad tracks was a building that had been completely burnt out. It was a storefront, but the sign was too charred to read. Hackish parked in the church lot and got out. She walked over the tracks toward the damaged building and the smell told her that the fire had been recent. The back was relatively undamaged —which meant that the fire had started at the front, near the window.
She was trying to determine what kind of business it had been when she noticed a large woman on the church steps frowning at her. “That your car?” The woman asked.
“Yeah.” Hackish answered as she began to walk toward her.
“This is church-parking only.” The woman said.
Hackish smiled. “Sorry about that.” She said. “I was just checking out the fire damage. What was that place?”
“Are you from out of town?”
“That’s right.” Hackish said.
“Well that used to be a real estate office.” The woman said. “But they won’t be selling you ladies any property anymore. Not for awhile anyway.” The woman gave her a fake smile. “In the meantime, don’t park here.” She said. She turned to go back into the church.
“Three Forks is a hell of a town!” Hackish called out.
The woman stopped and turned. “What’d you say?”
“Ever since I got here, everyone’s been looking at me sideways. I heard there was good hiking and fishing up here, but I never heard anyone say there was friendly people. I guess I know why!”
She looked at Hackish skeptically. “You’re not with the cult?”
“Cult? Hell no, I’m Episcopalian.”
“You’re just up here to hike and fish?”
“That’s what I had in mind…”
The woman’s expression softened. “It’s the haircut.” She said. “You look like one of ’em.”
Hackish ran a hand through her short hair. “I told Betty to go easy, but once she gets to snipping, you can’t stop her.”
“Where are you staying?” The woman asked.
“The Claridge.”
“Oh good, Delores’ place. She could use a customer. Her son used to be Sherriff you know, but he moved to Redding after he got voted out. The granola girls got one of their own in there.”
“You really thought I was part of a cult?” Hackish shook her head. “What the heck’s going on around here?”
“You caught Three Forks in a bad year honey. Between the culties and the rednecks we’ll be lucky if the whole town doesn’t go up in flames like that real estate office. You gotta forgive people if they’re a little weary of outsiders right now.”
“Okay.” Hackish said.
“If you’re just here to hike and fish you’ll be fine.” The woman said.
“Thanks.”
She turned and went back into the church. Hackish noticed a bulletin board at the bottom of the steps and went over to it. There were missing-pet and yard-sale flyers and a sign that said ‘Public Notice’ in bold print. It announced an emergency city council meeting to address ‘the recent acts of arson and vandalism that have plagued our peaceful mountain community.’ It was scheduled for that night. Hackish thought the odds were good that Bettina Mabel-Torres, the woman who’d most likely produced the Vanessa Slang release-signing video, would be there. The possibility that Vanessa Slang herself might show up was too much to hope for.

She sat at the back of the Great River High School gymnasium on a folding chair and scanned the faces of the women coming through the door. Vanessa Slang was not among them, and she wasn’t sure what Mabel-Torres looked like. Once everyone was in, she gave up and focused on the people at the front of the room: five women behind two long tables. They faced an unruly, noisy crowd of about 200 —mostly women. The noise of all the conversations reverberated off the hardwood floors and the volume had almost reached a painful level when someone gaveled an empty glass against the table three times. It was an Asian woman in her mid-thirties who Hackish assumed was the mayor. She’d done a little research at the Trinity Public Library and learned that the recently-elected mayor of Three Forks was a woman named Grace Liu.
There were eight microphones on little stands lined up on the table, and once the crowd noise had died down, the mayor pulled her mic close and tilted it upward. “Good evening everyone. I’d like the record to show that we waited ten minutes for our absent council members. We have four members present and since I’m here, that’s a quorum. The meeting will come to order…”
“What are you gonna do about the Citizen’s Association?” A woman shouted.
“That’s a good question,” the mayor said, “and we’ll address it. But since this is an official city council meeting, we have to take care of some housekeeping first. So without objection, it’s time to read and approve the minutes of last month’s meeting…”
“The Citizen’s Association is a terrorist group!” A large woman on the edge of the room shouted.
“Well okay, since you’ve gone ahead and disrupted the proceedings, what would you like done about that?”
“I’d like to see our Sheriff arrest them. I’ll feel a lot safer when those thugs are locked up!”
Mayor Liu looked at a woman in the front row. “Sheriff Walton? Would you like to take this one?”
The Sheriff was maybe in her early sixties and not wearing a uniform. She stood and turned to the audience. “We’re investigating the fire but we don’t have enough evidence to charge anybody yet.” She said. “Believe me, I’d like to arrest the people responsible, but we just can’t say with any certainty who that is right now.”
“Oh come on!” Another woman shouted at the Sheriff. “We all know who did it!”
“Should I arrest anyone who’s ever attended a Citizen’s Association meeting, or did you have someone specific in mind?”
Two loud blasts drowned out the woman’s response. Everyone in the gym flinched and looked around to see what had made the noise. There was some unintelligible shouting from outside followed by the sound of tires screeching in the parking lot.
“Everyone stay where you are!” The Sheriff said. She ran to the doors and in spite of her instructions, many people followed her out to the parking lot. Hackish went out with them.
There were two cars with their back windows shot out. The Sheriff surveyed the damage and went over to her cruiser. She got on the radio and Hackish and the other people nearby heard her tell a cop to get on Route 3 headed south and stop any vehicle with two or more men in it. She said the suspects were armed and dangerous.
The crowd in the parking lot had grown and Sheriff Walton hung up her radio and turned to them. “Whoever shot out these windows tore outta here.” She said. “I’ve got my deputy moving to intercept them now, so I don’t think there’s anything else to do but go back inside and go on with the meeting.”
The large woman who’d interrupted the mayor pushed her way to the front. “This is bullshit Hannah!” She said. “Those hillbillies are going to kill someone!” The people around her made their agreement known. “What we’re doing here is too important to let some townies fuck it up. I’m sorry, but I’m calling the Mother-House. We need a professional security team.”
Sheriff Walton scanned the crowd and her eyes landed on a small dark-haired man for a moment and then she turned back to the woman. “Come on Tina, you know this isn’t the time or place —this is a public meeting.”
“Yeah well, meeting adjourned.” The woman said. The crowd seemed to agree and people began to walk to their cars. Hackish watched the woman who the Sheriff had called Tina. She wanted to get her license plate number because Tina could be short for Bettina. She tried to casually walk the same direction, but someone tapped her shoulder. It was the small dark-haired man.
“Are you from The Examiner?” He asked. “How’d you hear about this story?” He looked her over. “Oh shit, are you national? Newsweek? Rolling Stone? You don’t write for the New Yorker do you?”
Hackish frowned at him. “I was just passing through and I stumbled on this thing.” She said.
“Oh, freelance?” He shook his head. “Damn, I wish I was still freelancing. I could charge a small fortune for this story.”
“Who do you work for?”
“The Sacramento Bee.” He said. “What’s your byline? Maybe I’ve read your stuff.”
“Leigh, Barbara Leigh.” She said. “Yours?”
“Nathan Reese.” He said. He stuck his hand out and Hackish shook it. “I guess it was inevitable that someone else was gonna find out what’s going on up here... I’m just glad it wasn’t Newsweek or one of the nationals.” He smiled at her. “Just think, if someone gets killed, one of us could win a Pulitzer.”



17
“Yeah but if they were gonna shave half my head, they might as well have shaved the whole thing.” Marin said. She was in the bathroom in her hospital gown, looking in the mirror. Her sister Kelly was behind her.
“They’re doctors.” Kelly said. “They just shave as much as they need to. It’s not their job to make aesthetic decisions.”
Marin tilted her head and looked at the surgeon’s handiwork: three red scars striped with sutures that formed a trap door on the left side of her skull. There was a small red knot just above what used to be her hair line where the bullet had entered. She couldn’t see the exit wound, but some exploration with her fingers told her that it was larger than the scar in front. “But they have made aesthetic decisions.” Marin said. “Look at all the straight lines and the choice of dark blue for the sutures to offset the red flesh underneath. I look like a Mondrian.”
“Are you ready in there?” The nurse asked from outside the bathroom.
“Uh-huh.” Marin said. She turned to her sister. “Can you bring some scissors and a safety razor? I’m going to need some help to even this mess out.”
“Okay.” She said.
The two left the bathroom and Marin sat on the bed so the nurse could dress her wounds. When she’d finished, Marin looked like she was wearing a white ski cap.
The shooter had already been identified, so the detective was just tying-up loose ends. He came to see Marin the day after she’d come out of her coma. Once she’d told him everything she remembered, he asked her to repeat it. He then began to probe certain parts of her story. He made her go over precise locations and repeat the chronology of events. When he asked her to start again from the beginning, she realized what he was doing. “You’re trying to find discrepancies!” She said. “It’s ridiculous! I’m a victim, not a suspect!”
He patted her hand. “Don’t get worked up.” He said. “It’s just that your version of events is different from the other witnesses.”
“So you assume I’m lying?”
“I never said I thought you were lying.”
“Oh, you think I’m confused, is that it? My memory must be faulty?”
The detective exhaled forcefully. “I think you got shot in the head and went into a coma. The fact that you’re awake and conscious is incredible, but a bullet can do a lot of damage.”
“Can it create false memories?” Marin asked. “Because I’ve never heard of that particular side-effect of getting shot.” The detective said he had all he needed and stood up. “You’re bad at your job.” Marin said. She could see that he wanted to curse her out, but his entitled professionalism wouldn’t allow it. He just turned and walked away.
The brain injury had left Marin very sensitive to light. It was especially bad in the afternoons. If she was in a well-lit environment long enough, she would get disoriented and feel like she was going to pass out. Even the light that came into her hospital room through the closed blinds every afternoon would bring on a monster headache. She’d taken to hanging one of her hospital blankets over the window after lunch. That was why the picture that ran in the Los Angeles Times looked so strange. She was in the dark room with a lamp on behind her —she was a backlit figure with bandages on her head wearing blackout Dylan shades.
The reporter had obviously been looking for a much-needed ray of hope, but the interview, along with the strange photo, had blunted any feel-good potential her story might’ve had. Marin came across as just another victim of the violence —a victim whose suffering had been prolonged by having not been killed on the spot. No one credited her account of the Reichsburo shooting, and the reporter’s framing and word choices hadn’t helped matters. “…Ms. Gregory continues to insist that she saw a second shooter, a tall blonde woman, in the club that night.” Another paragraph quoted her doctor, who said, “Traumatic brain injuries are known to scramble the patient’s memory of events prior to the injury.”
So the police and media saw Marin as a confused, brain-damaged mess, spouting nonsense. She didn’t let it bother her because she was part of a powerful sisterhood. They would listen. They would do something.
That afternoon, Kelly brought Marin some sharp scissors and a pack of safety razors. “When they change my bandage tomorrow, I’ll need your help.”
“Are you sure you want to go full skinhead?”
“Definitely.” Marin said.
“Mare, you’re doing a lot better now…”
“Thanks to you.”
“I just… My boss is wondering when I’ll be coming back.”
Marin held up her hand. “Don’t say another word.” She said. “You have a life that’s been on hold for too long. Go. Go home.”
There were tears in Kelly’s eyes. “But you’re my big sister. I love you.”
“I love you too.” Marin said. “What you’ve done for me is...you saved my life.”
The tears spilled over and came down Kelly’s cheeks. “I always thought you were disappointed in me.” She said. “Because I didn’t follow in your footsteps.”
Marin shook her head and felt some heat sting her own eyes. “No!” She said. “I’m proud of you. When you’re twenty years old you can afford to see the world in black and white, but neither one of us is that young anymore. We could both use all the family we can get. Go. Go back to your husband and your beautiful daughter and your job. Go tonight if you want.”
“No.” She said. “I’ll help you cut your hair tomorrow, then go.” She grabbed Marin’s hand and squeezed it tight.

The next day, after her sister had left and the nurse had bandaged her now completely-shaved head, Marin dialed the number of her old unit leader. The cadre had never officially disbanded, though they hadn’t actually worked on anything in three years. Marin still used their war-names. “Raiders, it’s Stripes. I need a referral.”
“Aren’t you in the hospital?” She asked. “One of my LA contacts read about you in the paper.”
“Yeah I’m in the hospital, and thanks for the flowers by the way.”
“Come on, you know I can’t send you flowers.”
“I’m just jerkin’ your flaps.” Marin said. “Listen, I know how I came off in that goddamned article but I’m just as rational as I ever was and I have a perfectly clear memory of what happened that night. It’s not what they say. I was shot by a blonde woman and so was my girlfriend. It wasn’t random, we were targeted. I need to know who did it and why, and I’m pretty sure there are sisters up the chain of command who can help me find out.”
“Your girlfriend was Kyrene Slang?”
“I know, I know, I’m a cradle robber.”
“I remember her. She stayed at Star’s every summer. She was always in the corner playing her guitar...”
“I’m pretty sure the Academy had her under surveillance —it would’ve been ordered by someone in the DAs office up there. You know who I’m talking about?”
“Yeah.” Raiders said. “Be careful what you say. They probably have your phone tapped.”
“Who?” Marin asked. 
“I don’t know… Whoever.”
“I don’t care.” Marin said. “If they were going to shoot me, they should’ve made sure I was dead.”
“Listen, I’ll make an inquiry or two, the Academy owes you that, but if I set up a meeting, I need to know that you can get to it. Are you well enough? It’ll probably be here in the Bay Area. They’re not going to do it over the phone.”
“Set up the meeting.” Marin said. “I’ll be there.”
“Did you hear about Super-Two?”
“No, what?”
“She was killed.” Raiders said. “It was in a bath-house in the Village.”
“Goddamn.” Marin said.
[[ PRESS RELEASE ]]
// floodlight
Distributed to all major television, radio, and print outlets.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:
June 16, 1992
ALBUQUERQUE, New Mexico: A singular act of protest is now a movement. Sally Travers has refused to leave the home of Mary Jimenez until the cult-leader provides information about her missing daughter. Over the past weeks, her bold stand has inspired other women to come forward. It seems that Sally’s daughter is not the only young woman to have disappeared after joining the poet’s so-called sisterhood. The 60 Minutes segment, and various feature-stories in print, have all served as a call-to-action. Every day, more mothers arrive in New Mexico to join the resounding chorus asking: WHERE IS MY DAUGHTER?
There are currently 16 names on the list of the missing, and over twenty people camped in front of the celebrity-author’s home. They are determined to stay until they find out what happened to their loved ones.
They are: THE MOTHERS OF THE MISSING.
The women in the MOM encampment are eager to talk to journalists, and each one has a heartbreaking story to tell. Most have come to New Mexico from out-of-state to demand answers and stand in solidarity with other victims of this insidious cult.
Contact: Becca Lanier — MOM press coordinator
Phone: (505) 738-4167



18
Hackish knew a hangover when she saw one, and the young woman at the end of the counter had a motherfucker. She nibbled at her toast and repeatedly drank all the coffee in her cup and then looked around for the waitress, quietly desperate for a refill. If the vegetarian café had a busy time, this would be it. The waitress had three tables to look after in addition to Hackish and the young woman. It was 9:15 AM. 
The hungover woman noticed Hackish and nodded. “You were at the City Council meeting…” She said.
“Yeah, I was there.” Hackish said.
“They told me there were reporters in town, but I thought you were all little bald men who wore suspenders.”
“Journalists come in all shapes and sizes.” Hackish said. “What gave me away?”
The woman tried for a smile but the shitstorm in her head made it difficult. “I think it’s your eyes.” She said. “You have inquisitive eyes.”
“You live up in New Minoa?” Hackish asked. 
“Yeah.” The woman said. “Why?”
Hackish had found New Minoa the night before. She’d broken away from the reporter after the City Council meeting and gotten to her Industry car in time to follow the flow of traffic. She didn’t know which car belonged to the woman she thought was Bettina Mabel-Torres, but it was easy to see which cars were going back to Three Forks. She’d followed the ones that weren’t.
They all turned off Route 3 onto a long unpaved driveway. Hackish drove on. She came back later, parked a good distance away, and went up the driveway on foot. It was dark and she didn’t have a flashlight, but she eventually found her way to a very tall fence. She would’ve investigated further but she’d set off a motion-activated floodlight and decided to retreat.
“I wanted to get in and check it out,” she told the suffering woman, “but I couldn’t. Why do they have so much security up there? I mean, a twelve-foot fence with razor wire and cameras? What the heck for?”
The woman shrugged. “It’s a dangerous world.” She said. “You’re all business aren’t you? I just met you and you’re already trying to turn me into a source.”
“I’m not usually all-business but what else is there to do in this town?” Hackish asked. “There’s not even a bar here, and anything interesting that’s going on is happening behind a twelve-foot fence.” She flashed her eyes at the woman. “I’m bored stiff.”
“There’s a lot of fun to be had around here if you know where to look.” She said.
“I told you I can’t get into New Minoa.”
“No, not there.” She said. “There’s a bar outside of Hayfork that’s pretty open-minded. It’s an old hippie place called Frankie’s. And there’s always the Rope 12 Ranch, they have a cookout every other Thursday night while the weather holds. Good music and good homemade whiskey. Sometimes it goes till dawn.”
“Was there one last night?” Hackish asked.
She performed a wince. “How’d you guess?” She asked. The waitress came over and refilled her coffee. She sipped it greedily.
Hackish handed the waitress her check and some cash.
“What’s your name?” The woman asked.
“Barbara Leigh.” Hackish said. “Yours?”
“I’m Stacy.” She said. “Why don’t you let me take you to Frankie’s tonight?”
“Really? You don’t need a day to recover?”
“Nah.” She said.
“Okay.” Hackish said. “Let’s do it.”
“I have to run down to Eureka for supplies today.” She said. “I could come get you by nine.”
“That sounds great.” Hackish said. “I’m staying at the Claridge across the street.”
“Yeah, I figured.” Stacy said.

Hackish had some driving of her own to do that day. The HR agent for the area worked out of Redding, which was a solid two-hour drive, mostly on a winding mountain road. His name was Baily Maggs, and he’d worked the area between Chico, Redding, Mendocino, and Eureka for over ten years. She wondered what he’d done to get assigned to such a backwater.
Baily Maggs wasn’t at the Industry hub. He’d said to meet him there but was deliberately vague about the time. The hub manager was a woman named Cho who helped her access the Kibelian database. Hackish was shopping for a brand-new identity. She pulled up entries for women who were about her age who hadn’t finished the third school and had dropped off the Kibelian radar. She settled on a woman named Magdalena Evans who was two years younger than her. She was from Phoenix and had joined the local Kibelian affiliate but moved to Argentina after graduating the second school. She’d never been heard from again. Cho directed her to the Office of Paper Trips on the third floor, where she got a well-travelled Argentinian Passport and an Argentinian driver’s license. Both documents had Evans’ name and Hackish’s picture on them. From the supply locker, she got a small duffle bag and filled it with 12 untraceable handguns —five Smith & Wesson pistols, four Berettas, and three Glock .45s. She also took $27,000 in cash which she put in a shopping bag with the fake IDs.
She went back to Cho’s office. “Where can I find Baily Maggs?” She asked.
“He runs a restaurant down in Red Bluff.” She said. “He keeps the whole top floor as his office. It’s called The Rollover Pub. If you drive down the main drag, you’ll see it.”
Hackish thanked her and cursed Maggs to herself as she left. She didn’t have time to search for him, but she needed some outside confirmation that she was on the right track. HR agents usually knew more than they included in their databases and reports. Before she headed south, she went to the train station. She put the shopping bag with the money and fake IDs into a locker. She put the key in the duffle bag that held the guns, which stayed in the trunk of her Industry car.
It was almost 2:00 in the afternoon when Hackish walked into The Rollover Pub in Red Bluff. There was wood paneling on the walls, dark and knotty and lit from above with track lighting. The place was on three levels, each one opening onto the other. The lowest level opened onto a large deck. There weren’t many customers, but it was between lunch and dinner and Hackish could tell from the number of employees that the place was popular. She stayed on the highest level and went to the bar. “Did I miss lunch?” She asked.
“No, I’ll get you a menu.” The bartender said.
Hackish ordered an iced tea and looked at the menu. It seemed to be a gourmet restaurant masquerading as a country diner. Every menu item was derived from something you could get at a truck stop but upgraded with fancier ingredients or a fusion twist. The prices weren’t astronomical, but they were upper-level for the area. She ordered a turkey melt sandwich with a side-salad. “Is Baily Maggs around?” She asked.
“I’m not sure.” The bartender said. “I could check. Do you know him?”
“Just professionally.” She said.
He came back a few minutes later. “No one’s seen him today.” He said. “That doesn’t mean he’s not here. His office has its own entrance. He might be up there working, I don’t know.”
Hackish shrugged. “That’s okay.” She said.
Fifteen minutes later, she was served the best sandwich she ever ate in her life. The bread was freshly baked and had been fried, just a bit, in some kind of divine butter. There was aioli, a thin layer of cold lettuce, sliced sweet tomato, four layers of turkey breast, and a thick slice of melted Swiss cheese. There were two slices of bacon that had been cooked until about thirty percent of their surface-area was crispy. Each half of the sandwich was held together with a decorative toothpick, and one half was presented on the plate sideways so you could see the layers. The salad was also a thing of perfection: mixed greens with two cherry tomatoes, one yellow and one red, a bit of lime cilantro dressing on each leaf, crushed pecans, and shredded mozzarella mixed in. Usually, she wouldn’t eat everything on her plate, but she found herself savoring every last morsel. By the end of the meal, she didn’t care if she found Baily Maggs, the food had been worth the drive.
She put her Barbara Leigh credit card on the check and got up to go to the bathroom. Typical of the place, the bathroom was impeccably lit and cohered to a rigid color scheme. Red and black checkered tiles and stainless-steel fixtures and faucets. When Hackish came out of the stall, there was an open door that hadn’t been there when she’d entered. The door had been camouflaged in the wood paneling, but it was open now, and it led to a long black hallway.
She washed and dried her hands and tossed the hand-towel into a wicker basket beneath the sink. She started down the hall and vaguely wished that she’d taken one of the guns from the duffle bag, though she knew she wasn’t in danger. The theatrics were supposed to scare the rubes, not her. The door automatically closed behind her and the hallway was completely dark except for a sliver of light at the other end. She walked along what seemed like the length of the building and saw that the light spilled down from the top of a stairwell. She went up.
Baily Maggs was a small thin man with slightly bulging eyes. He sat in front of a computer in a room that looked like the inside of an air traffic control tower. There were desks laid out in a large pentagon, with only one break where a person could enter or exit the space. The desks had computers, printers, stereo equipment, and what appeared to be video editing rigs on them. At the center was Maggs, on a rolling office chair. He spun around and got to his feet. “There’s a woman missing.” He said. “Margaret Ravers. She’s from New Minoa, and I don’t like her odds of turning up with a pulse.”
“Is this recent?”
“Yup.” He said. He shook her hand. “Sorry I wasn’t at the hub. I wanted to see if they’d put together a search party. If they find a body, the situation could escalate quickly.”
“Did they report it?”
“Sheriff Walton got the call at 12:15 PM.” He said. “The woman is usually home by nine in the morning.” He sat back down. “Pull up a chair. I’m almost finished.”
Hackish rolled an office chair into the pentagon as Maggs did some work on his computer. Hackish looked at a bank of high-end consumer VCRs. Some of them were recording, but it wasn’t clear what. “You do Industrial surveillance out of this office?” She asked.
“Those are just for the restaurant.” He said.
“I’ve seen a lot of front-businesses,” she said, “but they’re usually pretty basic. Your restaurant is different. Seems like you put some serious work into it —my sandwich was great.”
“Thanks.” He said, not looking away from his screen.
“Are these for security then?”
He sighed heavily and turned in his chair. “Those are just recording audio.” He said. “I record all the conversations in my restaurant. Everyone tells the people they’re with what they think of their food once they start eating. ‘The meat’s good, but the potatoes are too peppery.’ ‘My noodles are a bit overdone.’ Etcetera. It’s stuff they wouldn’t tell the wait-staff, but I get a true sense of what people think. We add that to the discarded food data —what’s left on the plate when the patron is done eating— and we analyze all of it to look for trends. If people aren’t eating all their haricot verts, there must be a reason. I’ve been collecting that kind of data since we opened ten years ago. That’s why your sandwich was so good.”
“But isn’t everyone’s taste different?” Hackish asked.
“Less than you’d think.” Maggs said. “And anyway, we account for that. Each dish is altered based on the age, weight, and presumed social position of the patron. So the turkey melt you got is different from what we’d serve a 50-year-old overweight male who ordered the same thing. 20 years from now, every restaurant worth a damn will be doing this stuff.”
Hackish nodded. “Do you know why I’m in Northern California?” She asked.
“You’re trying to find someone.” He said. “But if she’s in New Minoa, it’ll be tough.”
“Vanessa Slang.” Hackish said. “Ever heard of her?”
“No, sorry.” He said. “Two years… That’s how long I’ve been screaming into the wind about New Minoa. You show up, and all of a sudden, there’s interest. It’s an op now, they even named it —so who sent you?”
“I couldn’t say.”
“You pulling rank?”
“No,” Hackish said, “I meant I really couldn’t say.”
“Imposter business?”
Hackish nodded. “So what exactly have you been screaming into the wind?” She asked.
“There’s a dark population up there. We don’t know who’s in the compound. They’ve got a secure perimeter and all telephone traffic goes through an on-site hub. It’s like a little suburban village, I’ve seen satellite photos. We’ve only been able to positively ID 83 people who live up there, but those are just the ones that come and go. There are a lot more who never leave. The amount of water they’re using and the amount of sewage they’re producing would suggest that there’s two or three hundred people up there. Did you read my report?”
“No.” Hackish said. “I didn’t know it existed.”
“It got buried.” He said. “They took me out of northern New Mexico 12 years ago because my handler didn’t like the way I classified people in my social pods. Truth is, I never believed in their classification system, so I came up with my own. That got me transferred out here. A year later, they updated their classification system and used my ideas and my language. Did I get an apology? Did I get some kind of acknowledgement? Did I get transferred back to the real world? No, none of the above.” He leaned back in his chair and took a breath. “There’s a massive Kibelian conspiracy in my district and I can’t even get anyone to read my report on it. ‘Oh, it’s just Maggs again, trying to draw attention to himself.’ But now, whatever’s going on up there, it’s gotten to the point where they have to take it seriously. And if it gets out of control, just watch, they’ll blame me.”
“What do you think is going to happen?” Hackish asked.
“I don’t know, but the conflict between the Kibelians and the locals might already have a body count. It’s starting to bubble over.”
“There’s at least one reporter in town.” Hackish said. “Once the media descends, it’ll probably be harder to maneuver.”
“What exactly are you trying to do?”
“Get in there.” She said. “I’d bet good money that Vanessa Slang is in New Minoa.”
“Maybe we can help each other.” He said. “You help with my operation, and I’ll do what I can to help you locate this Slang woman.”
“You said they gave your op a name,” Hackish said, “what is it?”
“Floodlight.” He said. “Whatever they’re doing, it’s going to be exposed very soon.”



19
It felt like she was breaking out of jail. Marin looked down the hall at the nurse’s station and wondered how stealthy she had to be. There was only one nurse behind the desk. She took her sunglasses off and light crashed directly into her brain. After she’d recovered, she put the glasses into her pocket, arranged her face into an expression of pleasant nonchalance, and left the room.
She walked down the hall with her bag low so the nurse wouldn’t see it. She pushed the button for the elevator and the nurse looked up at her curiously. Marin smiled and the woman went back to her paperwork. As soon as she was on the elevator, she put her sunglasses back on. The doors opened on the lobby and she walked through and out to the sidewalk. She didn’t know why, but she felt almost panicked being out in the open.
She looked around for the taxi that was supposed to be there, and a security guard stationed by the hospital’s entrance gave her the eye. She concentrated on keeping her posture casual. Her watch said 7:22 PM —so the taxi was seven minutes late. Or had it come and gone already?
She wished she’d left earlier in the day, but she’d been thinking about the long drive to San Francisco, not how it would look when she left the hospital. The security guard finally stood up and came toward her. “Ma’am?” He said. “Are you leaving the hospital tonight?”
“What? Oh no,” Marin said, “I’m not a patient.” She tried for a chuckle. “The bandage right? One of the nurses upstairs thought I was a patient too. No, I was just visiting my sister...” The cab finally appeared up the block.
“If you’re leaving against medical advice, there’s paperwork you’ll have to fill out.” He said. Marin’s taxi pulled up to the curb. “We can’t let patients just wander off. Why don’t you wait while I make a phone call?”
Marin opened the door to the cab. “Call whoever you want.” She said as she climbed in. The security guard reached for the door but Marin shut it and hit the lock. “I’m going to Pasadena.” She told the driver. “Take me up Lake Avenue and I’ll direct you from there.” The cab didn’t move. The security guard had one hand on the roof, and he leaned down and tapped on the glass. Marin rolled the window down a crack. “I was just here to visit my sister.” She said.
“If you want to leave AMA, there’s a procedure for that.” He said. “I’m sorry, but we can’t let you just walk away…”
“For the last time, I’m not a patient.” Marin said. She rolled up the window. “You can go now.” She said to the cabby. “I’m done here.”
The car started to move slowly and the security guard looked shocked that he was being ignored. “Hey!” He yelled at the driver. “Stop! Stop right now!”
The cab sped up and was gone.
“Thanks.” Marin said.
“He was just a security guard,” the guy answered. “Telling me stop like he was the police…”

Marin was relieved to see that the house her company rented for her in Pasadena was dark. More importantly, the company car, a cream-colored Honda Civic hatchback, was still in the driveway. If they’d replaced her, it must’ve been with someone local. She let herself in and found all of her clothes and books still in the bedroom and all of her toiletries where she’d left them in the bathroom. It had only been three and a half weeks since she’d been there, but it felt like a lifetime.
She took a neck-down shower, changed clothes, and ate half a jar of peanut butter with a spoon. She put some stuff in a backpack and was on the road before 9:00 PM. Her meeting wasn’t until the next afternoon, but with her light-sensitivity, she wanted to do as much of the driving at night as possible. Soon, she was on the 5-freeway headed north. She could drive okay but she felt weak behind the wheel. Her head was tender and she worried that a cop would pull her over for driving at night with sunglasses on.

Just past Bakersfield, something familiar came on the radio. She turned the volume up, but still couldn’t put her finger on why she recognized it. It was a hard, thrashy punk tune with a sing-song hook. She didn’t think she’d heard it before, yet it sounded familiar somehow.
As the song ended, it finally hit her: it was Ky’s song. She’d played it for Marin on an acoustic guitar all those weeks ago in her bedroom. Marin hadn’t recognized it right away because it sounded different than when Ky had sung it. The singer had put a snotty sneer on the lyrics, and it sounded too loud, like the dynamic range had been digitally shrunk to almost nothing. The road ahead of Marin looked spongy as her eyes welled up with tears. The DJ identified the song as Maniac, by Missy and the Murderers. Marin went over the rumble strips and stopped on the shoulder so she could sob without wrecking the car.

She had a baseball cap pulled down to the top of her sunglasses, but light from the streetlamps still seeped in around the edges. As she rolled through the pre-dawn streets of San Francisco, a migraine took hold. She found a place to park not too far from her apartment in the Sunset District. She somehow made it down the sidwalk and climbed her steps. If the house in Pasadena had felt like it was from another lifetime, her San Francisco apartment felt like it was from another epoch. The clock in her small kitchen said it was a few minutes past 4 AM. Marin poured herself a glass of bourbon and used it to wash down two Midol PM tablets. She took off all her clothes, shut the curtains in her bedroom, and got under her covers.
She tried to remember the last time she’d been there. The aloe plant on her nightstand was dead and she considered the moral implications of allowing death to occur through inaction as she drifted off.

She woke before 11 AM and still had a migraine. She made a pot of strong coffee and took three extra-strength Excedrin capsules. Once she’d finished her second cup of coffee, she got dressed and laced up her Doc Martins. She told herself that her headache was an opportunity to practice Buddhist detachment. If she could ignore the pain and not give it any energy, it would be as if it didn’t exist.
Luckily the sun was behind clouds, and with her dark sunglasses on, Marin’s drive to the Haight wasn’t too excruciating. She parked just off the panhandle and walked up to Revolving Records, a hippy-dippy record shop that also sold bongs and black light posters. The chick behind the counter was reading a horror-movie fanzine with a gory cannibal scene on the cover. Marin stood there until the girl looked up.
“Do you have the new Missy and the Murderers album?” Marin asked.
“It’s not out yet.” The girl said.
“But I heard it on the radio.”
“The single’s out.” She said. “We’ve got that.” She put the magazine down and stood up. “You want the 12-inch or the cassingle?” She asked.
“I guess I’ll take the tape.” Marin said.
The girl led her to a rack labeled ‘pop’ and found it. Marin paid $6.99 and left, looking for somewhere to eat. She went around the corner to the Sacred Grounds Café and ordered an egg sandwich with American cheese and home fries. She took her sunglasses off, but then put them right back on again. She’d rather look crazy than let the light fry her optic nerve.
When the waitress left, she peeled the plastic off the cassette. The cover featured a marionette that looked like Missy LeGrand but with big pink spirals for eyes. It had the name of the song, Maniac, at the top and the Missy and the Murderers band logo at the bottom. She opened it and pulled out the little sleeve. It unfolded into a large square poster that had the marionette image from the front, but you could see it was dancing on letters that looked like the alphabet magnets that toddlers play with. The poster also revealed that the person controlling the marionette was Missy LeGrand herself, looking diabolical holding the cross-bar above the puppet. She was bathed in red light.
Marin flipped the poster over and scanned the track listing, lyrics, and credits. The tape had four tracks: Maniac; Maniac, the Masters at Work Remix; Strictly Colossus; and No Vacancy (live in Belgium). Marin’s Buddhist self-discipline was tested as she tried to read the small print in the liner notes. She was looking for Ky’s name. All the songs, including Maniac, were credited as ‘Written by Missy LeGrand.’ The name Kyrene Slang appeared once —she was credited as having played guitar on No Vacancy.
Marin’s food came and she started to fold up the poster when she noticed a single line near the bottom. It read: Design by Mr. Ethos. She wanted to rip it up. She was disgusted. LeGrand had cannibalized Ky’s dreams to produce a cheap, disposable product —and as if that wasn’t bad enough, a Kibelian group had helped her do it. She opened it up again and took another look. She felt a wave of hatred for the image of the hypnotized puppet. It was a celebration of control and power —it was fascist.
“Is that the new Missy?” Her waitress asked as she refilled Marin’s coffee. “I love that song.”

Marin was grateful that the bar was dark. She was supposed to meet Susan Poole, Assistant DA and Kibelian capo, at what looked like a lawyer-bar near the courthouse. The clientele wore business attire and the average age was probably over fifty. The lunch crowd was still hanging around, but she managed to get a spot at the bar. She ordered a club soda with lime. Her meeting was at 1:30, and she looked around for the plump woman who had once been her student, but she didn’t see her. It was ten minutes to 2:00 when the bartender came back. “You Marin?” He asked.
“Yep.” She said.
He handed her a slip of paper with a phone number on it. Marin got off her barstool and went to the old-fashioned wooden phone booth at the back of the establishment. She called the number and heard Susan’s voice on the other end.
“Sorry, I can’t make it.” Susan said. “It’s not a good time.”
“Listen, I can tell you exactly what I need over the phone…”
“I’m on a car phone.” She said. “Don’t say anything. Things are a little hot right now. Meet me tomorrow instead. Tomorrow night —that’s the earliest I can do it.”
Marin sighed. “Okay, where and when?”
“I’ll pick you up.” Susan said. “Be at the Ralph’s parking lot in Oakland, you know the one on Shellmound?”
“I can find it.” Marin said. “What time?”
“6:15.” She said.



20
Hackish lingered under the hot water so Stacy would have plenty of time to find the duffle bag full of handguns if she was looking. And Hackish was pretty sure she’d be looking. The date had been much easier than she’d expected. Stacy was funny and their conversation over cold beers at the ‘hippie-bar’ had flowed seamlessly. In fact, Stacy was the type of person Hackish might’ve dated anyway, so there was no faking necessary at the end of the night when they’d started making-out in Stacy’s pickup truck.
Hackish had hoped for an invite back to Stacy’s place in New Minoa, but when it wasn’t forthcoming, she’d invited the young woman to her hotel room instead. The sex had been awkward but fun and ultimately satisfying and having Stacy in her room served an operational function too. Of course there was no telling how Stacy might react when she found a cache of firearms in her new lover’s room. She might just run or act weird for the rest of the morning, but when Hackish came out of the steamy bathroom she was pleasantly surprised. Stacy had the duffle bag open on the bed and she was looking at one of the Glocks. “Well aren’t you a little snoop!” Hackish said as she wrapped a towel around her body.
Stacy looked at her, frowning. “You’re not a reporter are you?” She asked.
“No.” Hackish said.
“And all that shit you told me last night about your editor and the senior reporter at the crime desk?”
“All bullshit.” She said. “Sorry.” Hackish took the gun from Stacy, put it back in the bag, and zipped it up. “Now why don’t you tell me why you’re going through my shit.”
“We’ve been warned about infiltrators.” Stacy said. “There are people who want to stop us.”
“I was almost a Kibelian once.” Hackish said. “I graduated the second school.”
“Really? Why’d you stop?”
Hackish smiled and sat on the cushioned armchair by the bed. “I was going through a hetero phase and I ran off to Argentina with a suave gentleman who said he had a big ranch down there. Of course that turned out to be a lie. There was a ranch, but it was his brother’s, and the guy had no intention of marrying me. I found my own little tribe outside of Buenos Aires and never got around to finishing the Academy. There’s not much of a Kibele presence down there.”
“And the guns?”
“I’m a collector.” Hackish said.
“Come on!”
“I don’t know you well enough...”
“I’m not going to tell anyone.” Stacy said. “I just want to know why you have them. Are you planning to shoot up a nightclub?”
Hackish scoffed. “Those are ghost guns.” She said. “Untraceable. Truth is, I just sold a dozen of them to a large, well-organized marijuana farm up near Willow Creek. When I heard about the trouble down here, I decided to come see if I could make a few more sales before heading back to Los Angeles.”
“Did you?”
“Not yet.” Hackish said. “Security’s too tight. I’ve been here a week and you’re the first Kibelian I’ve met. I haven’t made any contacts.”
“They’re ghost guns?” Stacy asked.
“That’s right.” Hackish said. “They’re from Nicaragua. Someone had quite a business, buying firearms in the states, shaving the serial numbers off, and selling them to the Contras. I’m talking about thousands and thousands of guns —all kinds. When the war was over, they wound up in a storage facility until someone decided to make some money. The biggest market for untraceable firearms is right here in the USA, so I’m repatriating them.”
“Is that lucrative?”
“Sometimes.” Hackish said.
“Barbara Leigh isn’t your real name, is it?”
“No. I’m sorry I lied to you, but I have to be careful.”
“I understand.” Stacy said. “So what’s your real name?”
“I’m not sure I should tell you.” Hackish said. “You could be an undercover ATF agent.”
“You’re the one who’s lying about your name. You could be some kind of undercover agent trying to entrap me. I told you, they warned us about infiltrators.”
Hackish got off the chair and let the towel fall. She crawled onto the bed and put her mouth next to Stacy’s ear. “Maggie.” She whispered.
Stacy smiled.
“But you have to call me Barbara.” She sat back on the bed. “Don’t blow my cover.”
Stacy giggled and leaned over to give her a kiss. “My outlaw lover.” She said. Hackish got off the bed, pulled some underwear on, and picked up her blue jeans. “So how much?” Stacy asked.
“For a gun?”
“Yeah.” 
“Depends which one.” Hackish said, buttoning her fly. “Since you have such a talented mouth, I’ll let you have one of the .32s for $200.”
“I could get a brand new one at the Walmart in Eureka for less than that.”
“And it would be easily traceable to you.” Hackish said. “These are ghost guns. They’re for one-time use. If you get caught, it won’t be because of the gun.”
“Are you hoping I’ll tell my friends and you’ll make a small fortune off all the paranoid New Minoans?”
“You think I could?” Hackish asked.
“They’re very suspicious of outsiders.” Stacy said.
“Yeah, but I’ve got you now. You could vouch for me.”
“It’s not that easy.”
“Why not?” Hackish asked. “What’s going on up there?”
“It’s a special project. You have to be a part of it to get through the gates.”
“What kind of project?” Hackish asked.
“The secret kind.” Stacy said. “Even inside the gates people are kept in the dark about certain things. When they first set up New Minoa, they wouldn’t let men in, but leadership thought that would draw unwanted attention, so you know what they did? They set up an IQ filter.” She laughed. “Husbands can live up there as long as they’re too dumb to be able to figure out what’s going on.”
“So if I were a dumb male I’d have a better chance of getting in?”
“That’s right.” Stacy said.
“Well it doesn’t matter, I don’t need to get in there to sell the guns.” She said. “I’ll sell to you exclusively. You can mark them up if you want. This could be a mutually beneficial arrangement.”
“You’re such a mercenary.” Stacy said. “You’d probably be just as happy to sell them to the Citizen’s Association, huh?” She got up and started to look for her underwear on the floor.
“No.” Hackish said. She sat on the edge of the bed and watched Stacy look around for her clothes. “I only sell guns to people who need them for self-defense.”
“Like pot farmers?” Stacy asked.
“Yeah, exactly.” Hackish said. “They deal in cash and they can’t go to the cops if they get ripped off.”
“So your definition of self-defense extends to a person’s money?”
“Sure.” Hackish said. “With no money, how’s a person supposed to live?”

As soon as they left the Claridge Hotel, they noticed a small mob of women on both sides of Main Street, putting flyers on telephone poles and under windshield wipers, and handing them to anyone who happened to be out. A young woman in her early twenties, wearing overalls and sneakers, handed Stacy a flyer. It was a photo of a woman with a crooked smile and curly hair. Above the picture it said ‘RAPED AND MURDERED’ in bold letters. Underneath, it had her name, Margaret Ravers, and two dates —her birth and death. She’d lived for 32 years.
Stacy stared at the flyer in shock.
“You hadn’t heard?” The woman asked her.
“No.” Stacy said. “When did it happen?”
“They found her body last night.” The woman said. She left to continue papering the street.
“Did you know her?” Hackish asked.
Stacy looked bewildered. “Yeah.” She said. “She was a friend of mine.”
[[ TRANSCRIPT ]]
// disinfectant
May 26, 1992
Pacifica Radio News
Reporter: Amy Goodman
09:31:07 AM PST
Goodman: The spate of mass shootings over the past month has had a profound impact on the gay and lesbian community. Many have called for clubs and bars to close down, while others have advocated a more proactive response. This morning, we’re joined by Malik Dixon Jr. He’s the head of security at a nightclub called The Edge in West Hollywood. Last weekend, they thwarted an attack by a young man who had brought three concealed firearms to the club. Mr. Dixon, good morning, what can you tell us about what happened?
Dixon: Good morning Amy, thanks for having me. We set up a simple pat-down procedure for everyone entering the club, and last Saturday night, the man you mentioned realized that he wasn’t going to get in, so he decided to target people there in the line. Luckily, one of our patrons saw what he was doing and wrestled him to the ground. I disarmed him and we held him until the police arrived. I’m proud to say that no one was hurt and not a single shot was fired.
Goodman: That’s great news. And this man had three handguns?
Dixon: That’s right, one of the guns had an extended clip and he had extra ammo with him too. He certainly intended to do a lot of damage.
Goodman: And were the police responsive when you called them?
Dixon: It took them about 40 minutes to get there. They had another shooting earlier that night, so they were pretty busy. Unfortunately, since he hadn’t fired a shot, they could only arrest him for causing a disturbance.
Goodman: There aren’t any more serious charges? Nothing related to the guns?
Dixon: There’s a law against brandishing, but he was tackled almost immediately, so I don’t think it applies.
Goodman: So far this month, there have been twenty-two shootings at gay and lesbian establishments and almost seven hundred deaths… What do you make of the police response? Do you think it’s adequate?
Dixon: What police response? I mean, aside from telling us to shut down our clubs, there hasn’t been a response from law enforcement. That’s our main reason for forming militias. I mean, our brothers and sisters are being murdered. I guess they expect us to just quietly accept our fate… But it’s…
Goodman: And you…
Dixon: I’ve been… What was that?
Goodman: No, go ahead.
Dixon: I’ve been to four funerals in the past week. You can only cry so much. I’m ready to fight back.
Goodman: To that point, I understand you’re helping to organize the security at some other establishments?
Dixon: That’s right. We’ve put together security teams for three other clubs. We have to stop this thing ourselves because no one else is going to do it for us. Our idea is pretty simple: we stop the shooting before it starts, or end it quickly if it does start.
Goodman: And how do you achieve that? I know the pat-downs were successful at your club in West Hollywood…
Dixon: It’s a mix of seen and unseen measures and personnel. The pat-downs are a simple, obvious deterrent. In that same vein, we’ve ordered metal detectors—gates and wands—for all our venues. But there’s always the possibility that someone could get something past us or that they could shoot their way in. We have plans that are specific to each club should that happen. We have a team of armed security guards in Kevlar vests now—and most of our people have military training…
Goodman: And you…
Dixon: I’m sorry?
Goodman: No, what were you going to say?
Dixon: There’s also crowd control. Our staff has been doing evacuation drills. Perfect safety might be impossible, but if you’re in one of our clubs, you’re much safer than if you were somewhere else.
Goodman: It sounds like you’re ready for an ongoing threat. You don’t think this wave of violence will pass?
Dixon: Based on what? There were five more shootings in Los Angeles alone this weekend… I mean… This is a war Amy. We’re being gunned down. Whether it’s a coordinated thing or just a bunch of copycats, it really doesn’t matter. When you’re under attack, you defend yourself.
Goodman: And is it true that you’ve started to coordinate with other groups?
Dixon: That’s right. We’ve been in contact with security personnel from the Bizee Bone chain of clubs in the valley. So far, they’ve stopped three separate attacks, and they shared their security footage with us. We’ve also been invited to a three-day conference organized by a group in Arizona. They’re bringing Israeli Mossad agents in to give us some training. Security groups from all over the west coast will be there…
Goodman: It really says a lot that it’s come to that. You’re basically fighting a war.
Dixon: That’s right. If someone wants to shoot up a bathhouse or nightclub, they should expect to be met with force—hopefully overwhelming force. They need to know that they’re going up against a gay army. We’re generally a peaceful community, but once you’ve seen enough of your friends murdered, at a certain point, what choice do you have? You have to fight back. That’s the um… That’s the American way.



21
Marin was ten minutes early to the Ralph’s parking lot where she was supposed to meet Susan Poole. She turned on the radio just in time to hear about the latest mass-shooting —16 dead at a gay bar in Houston called Gene’s Happy Place. A 22-year-old man had walked in with two handguns and opened fire.
After the details, the host introduced noted gay intellectual Nigel Godwin Jr. He’d gotten a lot of airtime since the mass-shootings started:

“The hyper-sexualized culture of the gay community pushes these fragile young men over the edge. We have to face the fact that sexuality has been a source of shame throughout most of human history. The proliferation of underground venues for sexual expression in the seventies, the bathhouses and sex clubs, and the mainstreaming of that culture in the eighties, happened extremely fast. We went from furtive glances across public restrooms to fisting night at the local pound-shack in twenty years. But we were delusional to think that we’d outgrown our inherited, moralistic view of sex. We were kidding ourselves. We haven’t outgrown it, we’ve simply tried to ignore it. But those values are deeply ingrained, and we’re finding out what happens when you turn your back on thousands of years of social evolution.”
“So you think these shooters are motivated by shame?”
“I don’t know. But they don’t just materialize out of nowhere.”
“But aren’t you coming a bit close to blaming the victims?”
“Individually, of course, the victims are blameless. But stepping back from the individual, you have to consider the possibility that we, as a community, are reaping what we sowed in the seventies and eighties. We created spaces where people could have very intense sexual experiences, but there was no way to know whether people who entered those spaces were equipped for those experiences. The recent tragedies prove that some of them weren’t. Some of the people who partook in the sexual excesses available were not liberated by their experience. They were damaged by it. These are not right-wing Christians shooting up our clubs. They are young gay men and they are, without fail, patrons of the clubs they…”

Marin switched the radio off and sat in silence until 6:45. There was no sign of Susan Poole and Marin was starting to get worried. Finally, at 7:00, she got out of the car. There was a pizza shop attached to the Ralph’s and it had a payphone in front. “Raiders, it’s Stripes.” She said. “The meeting you set up still hasn’t happened. She put it off until tonight, and now she’s a no-show.”
“Fuck.” Raiders said. “She reported that she was being followed. There must be some kind of trouble…”
“It was a woman that killed my girlfriend.” Marin said. “And I know the person I was supposed to meet considered Ky a security threat.”
“Come on,” Raiders said, “you can’t be serious.”
“Well why won’t she meet me?”
“Okay, you know what? I’m going to give you her home address, can you write it down? This is good, you can check and make sure she’s okay. Just don’t tell her you got it from me.” 
Marin jotted down the North Beach address on the corner of a page of the phone book and ripped it out. She drove the Honda back over the Bay Bridge which put her close to Poole’s neighborhood. She found a place to park a couple of blocks away and walked to the building —a three-story Queen Anne painted bright green. Marin entered the vestibule, which had mailboxes and an intercom panel on the wall. There were three names beside three buttons, and Marin was about to push the one for Poole, when she saw an old woman coming down the stairs waving at her through the lace curtains on the glass front door. Marin removed her sunglasses and put them in her pocket. The old woman pulled the curtain aside and looked out at Marin. “Are you here to see Susan?” She asked.
“Yeah.” Marin said. “I was about to ring her buzzer.”
“I knocked, but she won’t answer.” The woman said as she opened the door. “I don’t know what all the screaming was about.”
“Screaming?”
“Maybe she’ll let you in.” The woman said. She backed up and Marin entered and went up the stairs. The old woman followed, talking. “Oh you read about these situations and you want to call the police, but what if it’s nothing? Then you’re a nosy neighbor. On the other hand, she might be hurt in there. I mean screaming bloody murder like that. It sounded terrible. Is she a friend of yours?”
“I’ve known her since she was sixteen.” Marin said. She got to the top of the stairs and knocked on Poole’s door. There was no answer. She tried the handle and found that it was unlocked. “I’ll make sure she’s okay.” Marin told the lady. She entered the immaculate living room and nothing seemed to be amiss. Poole had a black leather sofa-set and there were Architectural Digest magazines on her glass coffee table. The neighbor-lady looked in behind her. “I’ll check her bedroom.” Marin said. “Susan’s like a sister to me. Please wait here. She might be indisposed.”
The old woman nodded.
Marin walked through the living room and noticed broken glass near the kitchen counter. As she went down the hall, she almost stepped on what looked like a flat pen. She was going to pick it up, but at the end of the hall she saw the bare feet of someone on the floor in the bedroom.
The feet belonged to Susan Poole, who was flat on her face with one arm stretched out. Marin looked around the bedroom and jumped when the sheets on the bed started to move. They were being dragged down by someone on the floor on the other side. Marin stepped over Poole and went around to see a man lying on the carpet in a small lake of blood. His shirt was shredded and there were wounds all over his back. He pulled at the sheets with one hand and made a rasping, gurgling sound. He didn’t seem like a good candidate for survival.
“Is everything okay?” The old woman called out. Marin stepped over Poole again and quickly went back into the living room. The old woman was just inside the door looking worried.
“She’s a little embarrassed.” Marin whispered. “I think she had too much to drink. There’s nothing to worry about, I’ll take care of her.”
“But that screaming…”
“She got a disturbing phone call and she’s pretty distraught. Don’t worry about a thing. She’s lucky to have a neighbor like you.”
“I think it’s terrible what’s been happening.” The woman said. “I’d say you gals have a right to be distraught with people getting killed every day in bars and coffee shops.”
Marin nodded as if impressed by the woman’s intuition. She thanked her again and shut and locked the door. When she got back into the bedroom, the man on the other side of the bed had stopped moving. The only sign that he might be clinging to life was the trail of bloody spit bubbles coming out of his mouth. Marin went to Susan Poole and turned her over. She was in work clothes, a long black skirt and a white top with blood stains on the arm. She was unconscious, but her breathing seemed strong.
Marin lifted Poole from under her arms and started to drag her down the hall when a sharp pain ripped through her head. It was so intense that she almost dropped the heavy woman, but she managed to regain her balance and get Poole into the living room and up onto the sofa. Marin staggered to the chair opposite Poole and flopped down as her head continued to throb under the bandages. She pressed both hands against the part of her skull that had recently been glued back in place. The light in the room drilled into her brain through her eye sockets, and she remembered that she had her sunglasses in her pocket. She put them on and stood up, forcing herself to stay lucid. She went to the telephone.
“Raiders, it’s Stripes. I’m at the address you gave me and there’s bad trouble here. She must’ve been attacked in her apartment and she killed the bastard. She’s passed out now… I think he managed to inject her with something.”
“Any police activity?”
“No, I don’t think so.” Marin said. “I calmed the neighbor down, but there’s a lot of blood here.”
“She’s bleeding?”
“No, the blood isn’t hers.” Marin said. “She’s just unconscious.”
“Stay put, I’ll send you someone.”
After Marin got off the phone, she walked in a slow circle around the living room. Even through the sunglasses the light drills were too much, so she went to Poole’s bathroom and opened the medicine cabinet. She found a bottle of extra strength Ibuprofen and washed four pills down with tap water. On her way back to the living room, she picked up the flat pen in the hall. As she’d thought, it was a syringe, but there was no indication of what drug it had contained.
She set it on the coffee table and sat back in the chair across from the unconscious woman. She thought about the pool of blood in the bedroom. Would it leak through to the downstairs apartment? Should she try to clean it? Should she be doing something? The truth was that she was exhausted, and even the idea of getting up from the chair seemed ridiculous. She decided to rest her eyes.

The buzzer woke her. She went to the intercom and hit the button to unlock the front door. A moment later, a tall woman with short brown hair came in and looked at Poole, then at Marin. “You Stripes?” She asked.
“Yeah.” Marin said.
“Raiders sent me. I’m 10.” The woman said. She wore a backpack and carried a large duffle bag folded under her arm. “The person in the downstairs apartment watched me come in through a peep hole.”
“She’s the one that let me in.” Marin said. “I don’t think she’ll call the cops unless blood starts dripping from her ceiling.”
10 raised an eyebrow. “Where’s the corpse?” She asked. Marin took her into the bedroom and pointed to the far side of the bed. 10 looked down at the man for a moment, then unfolded the duffle bag and put it down on the floor next to his body. She took her backpack off and got a Polaroid camera out of it. “Roll the bastard onto his back.” She said. Marin came around and used her foot to get the man facing up. 10 leaned in and took his picture with a bright flash. She pulled the photo out of the camera, shook it, set it down on the bed, and then repeated the process two more times from different angles. When she’d finished, she put the photos into a manila envelope. She kneeled next to the body and rifled through the man’s pockets but came up with nothing. “How tall would you say this stiff is?” She asked.
“I dunno. 5’9” maybe?” Marin guessed. “Why?”
“I have to put it in my report.” 10 said. “Unzip the bag and move it closer. Let’s see if we can roll the bastard in without getting too much blood on the outside.” Marin did as she was told while 10 grabbed onto the man’s shirt and pants and hauled him up onto his side. “Thank god he’s fresh.” 10 said. “Last time I did this, rigor mortis had set in and we had to use a hatchet to get the fucker’s legs in one of these.” She rolled him face down onto the edge of the bag. “Hold that side up.” She said. Marin held the duffle bag open and 10 rolled the man into it. His eyes and mouth were open and there was dried blood on his lips. 10 pulled the other edge of the bag out from under him and folded his arms inside. She bent his legs so they would fit. “Zip it.” She said. 
Marin zipped it closed. “Won’t he bleed through?” She asked.
“The bag’s army surplus.” 10 said. “Waterproof. Grab that end and we’ll get him over near the front door.”
Marin was grateful that she’d gotten the lighter end as she backed down the hallway to the living room. Once they’d set him by the door, 10 went over to Susan Poole and checked her pulse with two fingers on her neck. “So what the fuck happened here?” She asked. “Why’d you kill that guy?”
“I didn’t kill him.” Marin said. “When I came in, he was almost dead and Susan was passed out on the floor.”
“So…”
“I guess he was waiting for her. Maybe she realized something was wrong when she came in and she got a knife from the kitchen, I’m not sure. He stuck her with the needle, but she must’ve managed to stab him a whole bunch of times before the drugs took effect. Good thing she’s big.”
“If he was trying to knock her out, he must’ve been working with a partner.” 10 said. She went to the window and pulled down one of the mini-blind slats so she could see the street. She let it snap back into place and shook her head at Marin. “He wasn’t going to drag her unconscious body out of here alone. There must be someone down there waiting for him right now. How long ago did you come in?”
“I’m not sure.” Marin said. “I fell asleep. I’m just getting over a head injury and… It was under an hour. Maybe forty, forty-five minutes max?”
“He probably knows something’s wrong by now. I wonder what he’d do…” She trialed off staring at Marin.
“What?” Marin asked.
“Whoever’s down there would probably follow Susan if she left now.” 10 said.
“You think I could pass for her?” Marin asked.
“She’s bigger than you, but if we put you in a coat… Maybe from a distance.” 10 nodded to the closet. “See if she has a hat in there. What happened to your head?”
“I got shot.”
“In the head?”
“Yeah.”
10 nodded, but her expression said she thought Marin might be crazy. “See if she’s got a hat to cover the bandage.”

Marin was relieved that the key worked. The leather keychain said ‘Audi’ and they’d located an Audi through Poole’s front window, parked up the block, but it had still been a risk. If it had been the wrong car, their plans would’ve been shot. Marin sat down and wanted to adjust the seat and rearview mirror, but she knew that would give her away if she was being watched. She started the car and pulled out, waiting until she was up the block to check the mirror. There were headlights behind her. 10 had gone out first and pulled her own car around so she could watch and follow anyone who trailed Susan Poole’s Audi.
Marin drove the little car toward the Embarcadero. She made a couple of random turns to see if the headlights would reappear behind her. They did.
10 had told her to go somewhere crowded, so Marin parked up the block from a place called The Anchor Bar. She felt exposed walking to the entrance and tilted the brim of Poole’s Giants cap down. She was sure that she was being watched as she entered the bar.
The place was full of tourists. It was loud and the nautical décor added visual chaos to the mix. Marin ignored the throbbing pain in her head and edged her way between tables and patrons to an empty stool at the bar. The spot gave her a good view of the front door. A young bartender approached. “What can I getcha?” A lightning bolt of pain shot through Marin’s temple and she grimaced obscenely at him. He flinched and stepped back. The pain gathered behind Marin’s right eye and she pressed both hands against it. “Are you okay?” He asked.
“Yeah.” Marin said. She lowered her hands and tried to smile. “You got anything that’s good for a headache?”
“Brandy maybe?”
“Okay, I’ll have a Brandy Alexander.”
“You want to open a tab?”
“No,” she said, “it’ll probably just be the one drink tonight.” The bartender moved away and the pain subsided enough for Marin to look around. There was fishing net, artfully hung from the ceiling, with colorful fake fish in it. There was an actual anchor, huge and painted bright red, bolted to the wall above the crowded booths. The front door opened and two men came in. They seemed to be looking at her, but a shout from the other end of the bar got their attention and they went and greeted their friends.
Marin got some money out as the bartender brought her drink over. “Seven.” He said. Marin handed him nine dollars. As he thanked her, she noticed more movement at the front door. A couple was leaving as two women came in. The two women went over to the loud group where the men had gone —it looked like an office party. Marin took a sip of her cocktail. It tasted milky-sweet and foul. As she set it down, she spotted a man in khaki pants and a short-sleeved, button-up shirt, who she hadn’t seen before. Marin figured he’d slipped in behind the two women. He stood against the wall and scanned the room.
Marin took another sip of her drink and pretended she hadn’t noticed him. When she chanced another look, he was coming toward her with one hand in his pocket. She considered the glass she was holding. It would break easily, and she could jam it into his face if he was bold enough to try something right there at the bar. Khaki-man went sideways to squeeze past a table, and his hand came out of his pocket. He was holding something, but Marin couldn’t see what it was.
He stopped a few feet behind her and stared. The guy would have to be blind to still think she was Susan Poole. To make it even more obvious, she took off the hat, exposing her bandaged head.
She turned around and looked directly at him. “You gonna buy me a drink sailor?” She asked. He was holding the same kind of pen-syringe that had been on the floor of Poole’s apartment. He slipped it back into his pocket and stood mute for a second, then turned and moved at a fast clip toward the door. Marin took a long sip of her drink, put the hat back on, and followed him.
He was halfway up the block when she came out of The Anchor Bar. She started to close the distance as she followed him around a corner. He crossed the street and began to run. Marin had to wait for some cars to pass before she could cross the street, and by then, Khaki-man had gone up an alley. Marin went up the same alley but didn’t see him. She knew he couldn’t have made it to the other end, but he wasn’t there. He’d disappeared.
She was thinking he might’ve gone into one of the buildings, when she heard someone run up behind her. She turned and he was there. She felt his sweaty heat as he brought a knife in an upward arc toward her gut. Marin’s self-defense training from her cadre days kicked in. She yanked the wrist of his knife-hand past her, using his momentum to add force to a headbutt she delivered to his face.
She instantly regretted the headbutt. Fireworks of pain exploded somewhere behind her eyes. She could feel a tunnel of fire through her head, and she imagined it was the path the bullet had taken. Tendrils of agony branched out from the tunnel in an excruciating flash.
Then nothing.
She slowly became aware that she was looking at the man’s face, and he was wearing some kind of mask. She could feel his full weight on her, heavy and hot, and she wanted to get out from underneath it. As she regained consciousness, she saw that it wasn’t a mask, it was a hand, holding a washcloth against his nose and mouth. Marin managed to wriggle out from under him as his eyes rolled back. 10 let him collapse face-first onto the concrete.
Marin got up and looked at 10, who tossed the washcloth aside. “Ether.” She said. “I love it. It takes a minute but when they go out, they’re out.” She looked around to see if there were any witnesses, but they were alone in the narrow alley. Her car idled close by, its headlights illuminating the scene. 10 got the Polaroid camera from the car and came back. “Turn him over.” She said. Marin was still dealing with her pain-tendrils, but she rolled the man onto his back. 10 took three flash photos of his bloody face. “I don’t know how useful these pictures will be.” She said. “You busted the guy’s nose all to hell.” She went through his pockets and got his wallet, keys, and the pen-syringe. “Come on.” She said to Marin. “Susan might be awake by now.”
 “What are the pictures for?” Marin asked as they drove back to Poole’s apartment.
“Some sisters I know are putting together a list of Industry agents. If we can identify them, we can figure out what their specialty is. It might be useful information.”
Marin picked up the squared-off pen that the man had intended to use on her and looked at it. “He had this ready in the bar.” She said. “You think he was going to stick me right there in public? I mean, if I’d been Susan Poole?”
“Yeah.” 10 said. “You probably would’ve just looked really drunk. He could’ve staggered you out and into the back of his car before you passed out.” She looked over at Marin for a moment. “Raiders said you requested a meeting with Susan —what was it about?”
“Why?”
“Because this mess might have something to do with it.” 10 said. “It’s not like they just go around randomly trying to kidnap Assistant DAs.”
“Do you know Star Wars?” Marin asked.
10 nodded.
“I was going out with her little sister. She got killed at a sex club, but it wasn’t random. I think Susan Poole can help me figure out why she was targeted.”
“They used a mass-shootings as cover?”
“Yeah.” Marin said.
“Star’s deeply involved in Reclamation, have you heard of that?”
“No. What is it?”
10 shook her head. “I have no idea.” She said. “I just know it’s big and it’s secret, whatever it is.”
“Is Roller Boogie part of it? Or her company, Mr. Ethos?”
10 looked at her with a bit more respect. “I don’t know.” She said. “I haven’t talked to Boogie since the ecstasy days.”
“What does she look like?” Marin asked. “I’ve never met her. Is she a tall blonde?”
“No.” 10 said. “She had black hair when I knew her. She’s Jewish. I guess she could’ve dyed it, but she was always tight with Star. I doubt she’d kill Star’s little sister.”
“She’s a soldier.” Marin said. “Killing’s part of the job.”



22
“I’m Grace Brookman.” Hackish said when she’d finally gotten Sally Travers, the leader of the Mothers of the Missing, on the phone. “I was hired by Spartan Records to find a woman named Vanessa Slang. She was mixed up in the Jimenez cult and she disappeared —just like your daughter. I tracked her to Northern California, to a town called Three Forks. The cult has an enormous compound nearby. It’s surrounded by high fences and they keep it guarded like a jail. I’m pretty sure Vanessa’s in there and probably a lot of other women too. Outsiders can’t get in, so there’s no way to know for sure.”
“I’ve heard of that place.” Travers said. “One of my Mothers thinks her daughter is in there. She hired a detective who said that was where the trail ended. What’s it called? Numina?”
“New Minoa.” Hackish said. “It looks like a prison, they have searchlights and armed guards. If the Jimenez cult is hiding people, that’s definitely where they’re doing it.”
“M-I-N-O-A?”
“Yeah, but you won’t find it on a map.” Hackish said.
“Can you request a welfare check on the woman you’re searching for? Um…”
“Vanessa Slang.”
“Can you tell the local police you’re worried about her?” Travers asked.
“The sheriff of Three Forks is one of them.” Hackish said. “And honestly, we have no proof that she’s in there.”
“I see.”
“You know, finding people is my business.” Hackish said. “And when I’m stuck, it’s usually because I’ve overlooked something. After I find a missing person, I often realize I could’ve found them a lot sooner if I’d used everything I had access to.”
“Like what?”
“Public information.” Hackish said. “A lot of the organizations associated with Mary Jimenez are non-profits —that means anyone can look up their tax records and budgets. Property holdings, resource allocation, payroll… All that can tell you quite a bit.”
“Huh…”
“I’m sure you’ll find some helpful people there at the county clerk’s office in Santa Fe.”
“That’s a good idea.” Travers said. “Some of the Mothers think they sent our girls overseas to infiltrate Muslim countries like Saudi Arabia.”
“If they sent people out of the country, they’d have to send money too. That would be in their taxes.”
“Thanks for the tip.” Travers said. “Do you want me to add Vanessa’s name to the list of the missing?”
“Absolutely.” Hackish said. She gave Travers some information about Vanessa Slang before she ended the call.
Maggs was visibly excited. “If the Mothers of the Missing come to Three Forks, the media will follow.”
“Yeah, it couldn’t hurt.” Hackish said. “But law enforcement is what could actually break them.” Electronics hummed in the office above the Rollover Pub in Red Bluff. Hackish leaned back in her chair and took a moment to think. “It has to be criminal though.” She said. “State police. I want them to execute a search warrant in New Minoa.”
“Not a bad idea, but you’d need some actual evidence that one of the missing women was in there.” Maggs said.
“A missing person’s not sexy enough.” Hackish said. “I assume you know who killed Margaret Ravers?”
“Yeah…”
“It might take the Kibelians too long to figure it out.” Hackish said. “I think it would benefit us if the wheels of vigilante justice turned a bit more swiftly.”
“Shit.” Maggs said. “He’s one of my favorite toys. Are you going to tip them off?”
“No.” Hackish said. “They’d kill him in a way that wouldn’t result in a search warrant. I want it to be an obvious revenge-killing. How’d you get the guy to do it?”
“He’s a self-medicator.” Maggs said. “And his only source of income is odd jobs, so it’s easy to make sure he’s broke. No money means no booze and no drugs which turns the guy into a ticking time bomb. Margaret Ravers used to take long solo hikes almost every day and my guy is an outdoorsman —I put them on a collision course six weeks ago. I’m surprised it took so long.”
“His name?”
“Pulaski.” Maggs said. “Jerry Pulaski. I’ll get you his file.”

The Pulaski homestead was about halfway between Three Forks and Conifer to the east. It was a vinyl-sided one-story tract-house across the road from a trailer park. It was in a valley that probably flooded every fifty years or so. Most of the permanent structures in the area, including Pulaski’s home, looked like they’d been thrown up in a hurry in the mid-sixties, probably by a logging outfit.
The man’s red pickup truck was parked in the yard, so Hackish assumed he was home. She circumnavigated the building and found the back door wide open. It was not a welcome sight. It was just after dawn, 5:37 AM, so it was safe to assume that the door had been open all night.
Possible explanations?
1. Alcoholism. He’d been drunk and simply forgotten to shut the door.
2. Break-in. Maybe the Kibelians had been quicker to figure out who killed Ravers than she’d given them credit for.
3. Entrapment. He could’ve left the door open on purpose. Maybe he knew he was a target, so he left the door open as an invitation. In that case, he’d be in there armed and ready to defend himself.
That last possibility was why Hackish went to the front door instead. She didn’t need to use a skeleton key, the door was unlocked. She took a handgun out of her pocket, one of the ghost .38s, and entered. The place smelled of mold and stale cigarette smoke. She crept silently across the shag-carpeted living room to the bedroom, but only found an empty, unmade bed and a pile of dirty clothes on the floor. She checked the bathroom but it was empty too.
When Hackish went back to the living room, she noticed a notepad on the coffee table with something written on it. She picked it up. The handwriting was a childish mix of capital and lower-case letters:

I own this house.
My mother pAid off the bAnk bAck in the 70s And she Left the house to me when she died. I kept up on ALL the tAx pAyments, so the government knows it’s mine. I’m not sure where the deed is, but my brother up in Oregon hAs my mother’s wiLL, And it sAys she Left the house to me.
I wAnt Any money from the sALe of this house to go to my son when he turns 18. He Lives in Modesto with his mother. His nAme is PAtrick PuLAski. I don’t wAnt the money to go to his mother.
Jerry P

She set the notepad down and pondered the meaning of the screed. He knew he was going to die, or at least he suspected it —but it was unclear whether he thought he might be killed or if he intended to take the gentleman’s way out. Maggs had described him as an ‘outdoorsman’ so Hackish thought he might already be in some picturesque wilderness feeding his brain to the crows.
She was about to leave when she noticed a door in Pulaski’s kitchen and thought it might lead to a basement —one of the classic places to kill yourself. She gripped the handgun tighter and opened the door as quietly as she could. There was a light on down there, which illuminated an unpainted wooden staircase. Each step creaked, but it didn’t matter. Jerry Pulaski was either dead or passed-out on the cement floor.
He was next to a chair with an extension-cord noose hanging from the crossbeam above it. The only light down there was from one bare bulb, and Hackish had to let her eyes adjust before she was certain that the man was breathing. She walked across the dusty floor and looked down at him. He had a half-empty bottle of 151 rum clutched to his chest. He’d probably intended to get drunk and hang himself, but had lost consciousness before he’d gotten around to it.
He was a small man with longish sandy blonde hair and a goatee flecked with dried spit. He wore filthy blue jeans and a tank top. A murdering, raping, alcoholic deadbeat-dad with tribal tattoos, Hackish thought. Somehow the world will have to get along without him.
She stood over him and pointed the gun down at his right eye, but all at once he was awake. Before she could pull the trigger, he’d swung the bottle and shattered it against the gun, which popped out of Hackish’s hands and landed on the ground.
Pulaski tried to push himself up as Hackish lunged for the .38 and their heads slammed together. She saw stars and tried to break her fall with her left hand but it landed on broken glass. She ate the pain as her other hand found the wet gun. By the time she’d gotten to her feet again, Pulaski had scrambled to the chair. He lifted it, intending to use it as a weapon, but Hackish fired three shots. The second shot was probably the one that did the trick. He dropped the chair and hit the ground hard.
The first shot had gone through his shoulder, the second had gone through his spine, and the third had missed entirely. She usually didn’t miss, but he was a moving target in low light and she was shooting a wet gun one-handed. She was lucky she’d hit him at all.
But the man wasn’t quite dead. As the ringing in her ears subsided, she heard that he was wheezing into the cement floor. She went to him, kicked him onto his back, and kneeled on his chest. She pointed the gun at his right eye. “It doesn’t really hurt…” He rasped. “It’s not that bad…”
Hackish shot him.
She put the wet gun in her pocket and pulled the shard of glass out of her other hand. It had gone in just below her thumb and the hole quickly filled with blood that dripped down her wrist. She held onto the wound tightly to staunch the flow. This was sloppy as hell, she thought. How did I let such a simple job go sideways like this?
As she climbed the rickety stairs, she decided it was because she’d been focused on the future instead of the present. She’d been thinking about when his body was found. That was the reason she’d wanted to shoot him through the eye, so the Citizen’s Association and homicide detectives would get the message that it was revenge for Margaret Ravers —an eye for an eye.
But she should’ve killed him first and then worried about the optics. It was like when she’d played shortstop in high school, she’d sometimes tried to throw the ball before she’d actually fielded the thing. The result was always a flub, like what had happened in Jerry Pulaski’s basement.
The man didn’t have much of a first-aid kit, but she found a roll of gauze. Hackish wrapped her hand tightly and tucked the loose end underneath. She wasn’t going to fuck up the job worse by dripping DNA all over the murder-scene.



23
Magic Video Memories was in an old warehouse on San Bruno Avenue. The sign was plastic, and someone had thrown a rock that had taken out the r-i-e, so the sign read: Magic Video Memo---s. There were no windows, and the place didn’t seem like it was set up to receive customers. Marin thought she was probably the first person to ring the doorbell in a long time. She’d gotten the address from Susan Poole, who’d finally come out of her drug-induced slumber that morning and had seemed unsurprised to find Marin and 10 sipping coffee at her kitchen table. “I stabbed someone.” She said.
Marin and 10 laughed. “Yeah, we know.” 10 said.
“It was self-defense… I was attacked in my home.”
“Yeah,” 10 said, “but don’t worry, they came and took the body away an hour ago.”
“Took the body?” Susan frowned at the words. “Who?”
“A sister whose family runs a leather tannery up north came and picked him up. By this time next week, he’ll be nothing but toxic sludge. She took a bloody section of your bedroom carpet too. I’d suggest that you clean the wood underneath and replace the carpet in there immediately. Pay cash if you can.”
Poole looked shaky for a second, and then sat down at the table. “I’m Assistant D.A.” She said. “I can’t be involved in this!”
“Then maybe you shouldn’t have stabbed that guy to death in your bedroom.” 10 said.
“He was an intruder. I was within my legal rights to stab him!” Poole said. “But a cover-up makes it look like murder!”
“Listen Susan, I’ve helped sisters out of way worse jams than this.” 10 said. “The guy you killed was Industry, so no one’s going to report it. All you have to do is a little scrubbing. Ammonia, bleach —whatever you’ve got. You don’t have to worry about a legal defense or cops or any of that shit. The only thing you have to worry about is why. Why was he after you? What did he want?”
“I don’t know. I can’t think of any reason someone would want me dead.”
“He wasn’t trying to kill you, he was trying to knock you out.” 10 said. “It was an attempted abduction.”
“Why would they want to abduct me?”
10 shrugged. “I don’t know either.” She said. “But the timing would suggest it had something to do with whatever Stripes here wanted to talk to you about.”
“About our investigation of Kyrene Slang?”
“You had someone following Ky.” Marin said.
Susan Poole nodded. “That’s right. We wanted to know if she was getting close to Vanessa.”
“Why?” Marin asked. “What would be so bad if she’d found her sister?”
“Kyrene Slang was working for the Industry.” Poole said. “She was going for a big paycheck from Spartan Records, an Industry front. If Kyrene had found her sister, the Industry would’ve found her too.”
“Is that why you had her killed?”
“What? Don’t be ridiculous.”
“Okay then, why have you been dodging me?”
“I haven’t.” Poole said. “Both times I tried to meet you, I went through the security protocol and found out I was being followed. You’re crazy if you think the Academy had anything to do with what happened to Kyrene Slang.” 
Marin looked at 10. “Did you ever work with Ordinary People?” She asked.
“OP? Yeah I knew her.” 10 said.
Marin looked back at Poole. “She disappeared in 1985, right after she’d sold a screenplay to Paramount Pictures. There were a lot of rumors about what happened to her.”
“That’s right.” 10 said. “Her screenplay was about a secret network of women who were altering human genetics through party drugs. It was pretty stupid of her to write something that hit so close to home.”
“So what?” Poole asked. “People thought the Academy killed her? That’s absurd. We don’t do that shit, it’s not our style.”
“They offered me the job.” Marin said. “I refused it.”
Poole just stared at Marin, but 10 spoke up. “It’s too bad, but war is war. You don’t sell out your side —even for the chance to make a movie with Paramount Pictures.”
“I agree.” Marin said.
“So why didn’t you take the job?” 10 asked.
“Because the screenplay was already out there. Damage done. Killing OP was either revenge or a warning to the others and that’s not enough of a reason for me.”
“But Kyrene wasn’t in a cadre.” 10 said. “She wasn’t even in the Academy. She could take an Industry paycheck if she wanted to.”
“She was trying to find her sister.” Marin said. “And that put the Academy’s secret project —Reclamation or whatever the hell it’s called— in jeopardy.”
“But even if all that were true,” Poole said, “it doesn’t matter because she was nowhere near her sister. Are you sure she wasn’t killed by the same psycho who shot all those other people that night?”
“It was a tall woman with short blonde hair.” Marin said.
“Alright.” Poole said. “I’m going to send you to the head of my surveillance team. She has video footage of the Reichsburo massacre. Maybe you can find your shooter. At the very least, we can add her to our database of Industry agents.”
A short black woman opened the door to the warehouse. “You must be Robocop.” Marin said.
“Call me Cop… What happened to your head?” She asked.
“I bumped it on a cabinet door.”
“Come on in, there’s a screening room in the back.”
The first thing Marin noticed inside the warehouse were five bright pink pallets wrapped in plastic on the loading dock. As she followed Cop past them, she saw that they were videotapes, thousands of them, in neon-pink sleeves. She followed the woman down a hallway and into the screening room. It had seen better days, but it still looked like a movie theater. There were even little lights embedded in the floor on both sides of the aisle.
“Have a seat.” Cop said. “I hope we can find what you’re looking for. We have one of the most powerful video projectors money can buy.”
Marin sat down and Cop went back to the projection booth. The room darkened and Cop’s voice came over the speakers. “If you see something significant just give a shout and I’ll back it up.”
There was a burst of static on the screen and then a title-card that read: SUBJECT: K. Slang 05/02/1992. The video showed the entrance to the Reichsburo on a rainy night, a scene that felt both familiar and alien to Marin. She spotted herself in a little group of people going into the club. The image was at eye-level, through a fisheye lens —probably a small camera hidden in someone’s glasses.
Inside the club, there was a blur of color and then, without warning, Marin was looking at Ky. There were a million little details that Marin was horrified to discover she’d already forgotten —the slope of Ky’s shoulders, the way her hands looked, her hair. Even on the distorted spy-cam footage, the pixels that made up Ky filled a void in Marin. Guilt and love and grief and pain all rushed from her stomach to her head and face and eyes. In spite of her best effort, she sobbed.
The tape stopped and Cop’s voice came over the sound system. “Do you need a minute?”
Marin got a handkerchief from her pocket and blew her nose. “I’m okay.” She called out. “Roll the tape.”
The person who wore the camera stood at the bar as Marin and Ky ordered drinks. Marin was shocked at the way Ky looked. She looked sad, like she knew what was about to happen. It took Marin a second to remember that they had been upset about Santa Clara that night. She watched herself and Ky talk to Soulless the bartender, but she couldn’t remember what they’d said, and the audio wasn’t good enough to catch it. “Hey can we go past all this?” Marin shouted. “The person I’m looking for probably didn’t come into the club until just before or just after the shooting started. Can you fast forward it?”
The screen went blue as Cop advanced the tape. When it started again, the videographer was at the bar. If her job had been to get footage of Ky, Marin figured she must’ve given up for the night. Whoever wore the camera was just drinking beer and talking to a drag queen about the possible mental health impacts of kinky sex and club drugs.
The first shot came without warning, a loud bang, and then another. The image jerked and blurred as the videographer fell off her barstool and crouched under the bar. A young, skinny man walked through the edge of the frame. He had a gun in each hand and he was shooting into the crowd on the small dance floor. The image stuttered as the videographer crouch-ran the other direction, turned the corner of the bar, and followed it all the way to the wall. More gunshots sounded as people ran and ducked and tripped over tables and chairs. A man came around and crouched down next to the videographer in the little alcove where the bar met the wall. He tried to take her hand, but she batted it away. He gave her a worried look and then darted out, probably headed for the door. He went around the corner as the gunshots continued, and immediately fell back into frame with blood pumping out of a hole in his neck. The camera whip-panned to the unpainted wood underneath the bar as the poor woman wearing the video-glasses tried to make herself as small as possible.
The shooting stopped for a moment and when it started again, it was muffled. The shooter had gone into the shredder. The videographer bolted for the door, along with a few others who’d survived. She stumbled over a body and had to step over three more before she could get out. The rain had stopped by then, but the streets were still wet and it gave the scene a cinematic shimmer. She ran up the sidewalk, past some people who were crying and a couple going the other direction. “Stop the tape!” Marin shouted. “Back it up five seconds and play it frame-by-frame.” The image froze and then jumped into reverse. It started again slowly. “Stop here!” Marin shouted.
Cop paused the tape and the screen showed the tall blonde woman next to a man. They were walking toward the club. “That’s her.” Marin said. They scrubbed through the footage and decided which frame was the best, and then Cop came out of the projection booth and took a Polaroid of it.
They went into a back office and Cop scanned the Polaroid. She put the image into a text document and typed BEWARE! across the top in bold letters. Below the image, she typed, This woman is an Industry assassin. Any information about her current whereabouts or activities should be referred to: and then she put in a phone number with a San Francisco area code.
“Who’s number is that?” Marin asked.
“10’s.” Cop answered. “She’s in charge of your op now.”
“I usually work with Raiders.” Marin said.
“For something like this, I think you’re better off with 10.” Cop said. “She knows the Industry.”
“Where’s the flyer going?”
“Everywhere.” Cop said. “I’m going to fax it to every Academic outpost on my list. There are over two hundred. If she’s around, we’ll find her.”
On her way out, Marin asked about the neon-pink videotapes. Cop went up to a pallet and ripped a hole in the plastic. She pulled out a videotape and handed it to Marin. “These aren’t supposed to come out yet.” She said. “But I figure you deserve a sneak peek. Just don’t show anyone.”
Marin said she wouldn’t. She got in her little hatchback and put the tape next to her umbrella on the floor in front of the passenger seat. When she finally got back to her apartment, she slept for ten hours.
[[ TRANSCRIPT ]]
// floodlight
06/19/1992
NBC Nightly News
Correspondent: Maurice Hennway
“Mothers of the Missing”

Montage of various shots of the Mothers of the Missing on the courthouse steps in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Many of them hold signs or large photographs of their missing daughters. 
Maurice Hennway stands at the edge of the crowd.
Hennway: Last week, NBC Nightly News brought you the story of a group of women who’ve come together to demand answers from the poet Mary Jimenez about their missing daughters. Tonight, we bring you the latest development in that story. They’re called the Mothers of the Missing, and they’re taking their protest on the road. Their leader, Sally Travers, held a press conference earlier today to explain why.
Travers stands behind a bank of microphones.
Travers: When I started this thing, it was just me alone, fighting a huge organization that wanted to shut me up. But through my struggle, I’ve discovered that I’m not alone. There are families all over the country who are missing their daughters too, and they want answers, just like me. Thanks to the news media, we’ve found each other, and together, we are strong!
[applause and shouts of approval — 1.37 seconds.]
Travers: Now, after months of searching, we finally have a good idea of where our daughters might be. We’re here in front of the Bernalillo County Courthouse today because we’ve forced Mary Jimenez and her organization to disclose their property holdings. This so-called academy, which we call a cult, owns a large tract of land up in Northern California where it sends people to disappear. Young women go there and never come back. At least four of our missing daughters went into this compound and were never seen again. So our movement is moving. We’re getting on a bus and heading to Three Forks California. We have tents and supplies, and we plan to camp out in front of their property until they let us in or give us some answers.
[applause and cheering — 2.46 seconds.]
Hennway: In response, Mary Jimenez has issued a statement saying that the property in Northern California is a place where women do spiritual work. She asked that their desire for privacy be respected. From Albuquerque New Mexico, I’m Maurice Hennway.



24
“I don’t know why you’re still working your gun-dealer persona when the Jerry Pulaski gambit is paying off.” Maggs said. “The state police are applying for a search warrant as we speak.”
“That’s great news for floodlight.” Hackish said. “But it gets me no closer to Vanessa Slang. The search warrant just cranks up the pressure.”
“How does impersonating a gun-dealer get you any closer to her?”
“I’m betting they’ll try to get her out.” Hackish said. “Whatever they’re up to in there, they’ll have to evacuate the principals soon. Between the Mothers of the Missing, the media, the townies, and now the state police, it’s going to be too dangerous for them to stay in New Minoa. They’ll need help getting people out of there, and they know the Industry will be watching all the Kibelians in the area. As Maggie Evans, I’m not a Kibelian and they know I’m already traveling under a false name. They trust me because I’ve sold them a small arsenal. They’ll use me to help with the evacuation, I’m certain of it.”
“Okay, I’m impressed.” Maggs said. “Now let me impress you.” He held up a black helmet with a plastic visor and smiled. “See this? It looks like a standard riot-gear helmet, but it’s outfitted with a camera and transmitter. I have three of ’em. When they do the search, we’ll have front row seats. Whatever happens, we’re gonna know more about New Minoa afterwards.”
Hackish didn’t think that was saying much, considering that they knew next to nothing at the moment.
When she left the Industry hub, she was a little worried. She liked to collect as much information as she could and then strike surgically. Baily Maggs was determined to just steamroll the whole compound. What did he care if Vanessa Slang escaped?

Hackish pulled her Industry car off the highway at the mile marker just beyond Bigelow Farm. The pine trees were already roasting under a hot sun at 10:00 AM. She entered the forest, walking east, as per the plan that she and Stacy had come up with. It was important that the guns and the money were never in the same place at the same time. Hackish knew that anything less than extreme caution might raise suspicion.
But she didn’t see why Stacy had made the cash-drop such a hike. Hackish had walked for twenty minutes before she began to wonder if she’d stopped at the wrong mile marker or had somehow passed the rock that Stacy had said she couldn’t miss. She trudged over the hard ground and tried to keep moving in more or less the same direction. She thought she must’ve gone two miles when she finally saw it: a rock the size of a beach ball spray painted Day-Glo orange.
There would be nine thousand dollars in a Tupperware container under that rock, but she saw something else that kept her from going directly for the cash. Not far from the rock was a big mound of freshly-dug dirt. She approached and saw a deep hole on the other side.
If the shot had been better, she would’ve fallen into the hole, but instead she heard the bang and felt the rush of air by her ear. She crouched and ran deeper into the woods as she fumbled to retrieve the handgun from her pocket. Idiot, Hackish thought. She took an angle that put as many trees as possible between her and where she thought the shooter was. What the fuck were you thinking? She asked herself as she ran. They put the drop-point miles into the woods and that didn’t raise any red flags Laura? You deserve to be in this situation.
A chunk of tree next to her flew into the air as another shot sounded. That one wasn’t as close, she thought, keep running. She came to a gully and descended, skidding on some loose rocks. She jumped six or seven feet down to a dry creek bed and scraped her way into some tall bushes. She chanced a look back but didn’t see anyone.
She pushed through to the other side and began to run in the opposite direction. She kept low so she couldn’t be seen from the ridge. How’d they make me? Hackish thought. She’d willingly walked to a shallow grave in the woods because she’d been 100% positive that her identity as Magdalena Evans was solid. She could’ve understood if they’d cut her off or frozen her out —someone might’ve decided that doing business with an outsider was too risky— but they were trying to kill her.
She climbed back up into the woods and tried to locate the sun through the trees. She was turned around, but she picked a direction she thought would lead her back to the highway and ran. She wasn’t sure whether or not she’d lost them, but the best thing to do was to keep moving and avoid clearings in either case.
She thought it must’ve been noon when she finally got back to the two-lane highway —the sun was directly overhead and sweat dripped continuously down her back. She moved along the shoulder until she found a tree large enough to hide behind. She wasn’t sure she was being pursued anymore. She’d sweated through the band-aid on her left hand and it was barely hanging on by a corner. She set the gun down and pulled it all the way off. The wound she’d gotten in Jerry Pulaski’s basement was dirty and she wondered if it would get infected now.
She picked up the gun and looked around the tree but didn’t see any movement. She expected to hear a shot, and she was prepared to fire back, but the shot never came. Instead, she heard the sound of a motor.
It was a dusty red pickup truck slowly coming down the highway. Hackish slipped the handgun into her pocket. She stepped out onto the shoulder and waved both hands at the driver, an old man in a baseball cap. He slowed and then stopped next to her.
He leaned over a sleeping dog on the passenger seat and rolled the window down. “Thanks for stopping mister.” Hackish said in her best golly-gee voice. “I’m stranded out here and I could sure use a lift.”
“I’m on my way into Redding.” He said. “You could hop in the back if you don’t mind a bumpy ride. I’d let you sit up front, but ever since she went deaf, Martha here’s a biter.”
“The back is perfect.” Hackish said. “Thanks.”
After they rounded a bend and passed Bigelow Farm, Hackish saw her Industry car with two women standing next to it. One of them was Stacy and the other she didn’t recognize. The stranger held a hunting rifle with a scope. Hackish and Stacy made eye-contact and then Stacy pointed her out to the would-be assassin. For a second, Hackish thought the woman would try to shoot her there in the back of the moving truck, but if she did, she’d also have to kill the driver. Either the complication or the morality of the situation kept her from the attempt.
As she bumped along, Hackish inspected every vehicle that appeared behind the loud truck. She didn’t see either of the two women in any of them. They could’ve gotten in their car and followed, but they hadn’t done that. Hackish considered the situation from their perspective. She figured they must’ve cut their losses and decided to let her go. If the situation had been reversed, she’d have kept going until she got her target.
Fuckin’ amateurs, she thought.
[[ TRANSCRIPT ]]
// floodlight
06/25/1992
PBS MacNeil/Leher NewsHour
Correspondent: Mike Snowkill
“Standoff in Northern California”
Snowkill slowly walks through a tent-city outside of New Minoa. He stops in front of a large sign tied to the fence that reads: M.O.M.s DEMAND ANSWERS!
Snowkill: A confrontation between law enforcement and a group dedicated to the teachings of poet Mary Jimenez has escalated quickly in the small town of Three Forks in Northern California. The poet’s followers live in the gated community behind me known as ‘New Minoa.’ Over the past week, protestors calling themselves the ‘Mothers of the Missing’ have been camped in front of the community as a form of protest. Many of them believe that their missing daughters are inside. The missing women have one thing in common: they were all devotees of Jimenez before they disappeared. Adding to the pressure on the group is a legal battle over a search warrant. Police, investigating the murder of a local man named Jerry Pulaski, attempted to execute a search warrant in New Minoa on Tuesday morning, but were denied entry. The poet’s legal team has argued that since there are multiple homes on the property, the warrant is too broad. While that matter is being adjudicated, the ATF and FBI have moved in.
Montage: military-style vehicles roll down Route 3. Men in flak-jackets come off the back of transport vehicles.
Snowkill (voiceover): It looked like a land invasion when the federal government stepped in to make sure that the search warrant, should it be deemed valid, could be executed safely. The citizens of Three Forks I spoke with were glad to see them.
A man, mid-50s, wearing overalls and a baseball hat, stands on the steps of a church.
Man 1: It’s about time. These women came in here and bought all that land and the first thing they did was put up a fence with barbed wire on it. Why would they do that if they didn’t have somethin’ to hide? It looks like a Nazi concentration camp up there.
A woman, wearing jeans and a striped top, stands on the sidewalk in front of the bakery.
 Woman: When they got here, we were all real friendly to ’em. But they basically came in like they owned the place and didn’t show any common courtesy to us who’ve lived here our whole lives. And they’re not just up there in New La-La Land or whatever the heck it’s called, I’ve got two of ’em living on my street. They basically took over the town. I’m not surprised they were up to no good—a lot of us were suspicious from the get-go.
A couple in their 30s stand in front of the bank on Main Street. The woman holds a baby and nods approvingly as the man speaks.
Man 2: Cults, you know, they brainwash people ’do all sorts of stuff. Look at Jonestown. I mean, I hate to say it, but I’d bet good money that those missing women are dead. Prolly killed in some ritual, you know what I mean? That’s what can happen when you get mixed up with one of these cults.
Snowkill stands in front of a black Humvee.
Snowkill: Mary Jimenez herself is not in the gated community, she’s at her home in New Mexico. She has not yet commented on the contested search warrant or given any indication that she knows the location of the missing women. The federal agencies amassed here are ready to assist state police in the execution of the warrant should it be ruled valid.
Robert MacNeil sits at his desk and looks at Snowkill on a monitor.
MacNeil: One of the people you spoke with used a word that I’ve heard associated with this story before. That word is cult. Is that a word that you’ve heard law enforcement use?
Snowkill: No. The Three Forks locals call them that, and people in the Mothers of the Missing encampment, but the law enforcement and government agencies around here haven’t referred to it as a cult—at least not that I’m aware of. And while there are a number of non-profit groups associated with Mary Jimenez, none of them are officially designated as religious in nature. New Minoa is administered by a private company and by all accounts, they pay the same taxes as any other gated community in America.
MacNeil: Interesting. We’ll certainly be keeping an eye on developments in this story.



25
Marin ran from the cover of her stoop to 10’s car. She got into the passenger seat, brushed the raindrops off her sweater, and put her seatbelt on as 10 pulled away. “The flyer worked.” 10 said. “Someone recognized her. They tried to take her out, but she got away.”
“Where?” Marin asked.
“Three Forks.” She said. “Your blonde must’ve tracked Star up there.”
“The place from the news? I gotta get up there.” Marin said. “If she hasn’t gotten to Star yet, she might still be around.”
10 laughed. “You can’t just run off alone.” She said. “The Academy has an interest too, that’s what the meeting’s about… We can get an official sanction.”
“We?”
10 laughed. “That’s right honey, you’re stuck with me.” She said.
“So who are ‘we’ meeting?”

Roller Boogie sat at the table that was farthest back in the dining area, beneath a TV playing a Hong Kong soap opera. The Chinatown dive had a noodle counter and a few plastic tables and chairs. She was eating lo-mein with chopsticks and there was a large can of Tsingtao next to her.
“Heroes.” She said when they entered. She stood and hugged 10 and then Marin. She was a beautiful plump woman in her late 40s, with curly black hair streaked with gray. She wore no makeup, but looked put-together, like a rich intellectual. She shouted something in Cantonese to the old woman behind the counter, then gestured for them to sit. “You want beer?” She asked. 
“No thanks.” Marin said.
“I don’t drink beer.” 10 said.
“You’ve both been very helpful to us. I don’t think you know how much.” She looked at 10 and Marin for a moment. “I’ve done some research on you two. You’re seasoned soldiers in this thing, going back over a decade. Some of these new sisters don’t know how to act when things get ugly. They still think that the other side is playing by Marquess of Queensbury rules. They can’t comprehend a gutter-level death match.”
A reference to Susan Poole, Marin thought.
The old woman brought out two bowls filled with steaming noodles. She set them down in front of 10 and Marin along with chopsticks. “Eat something.” Boogie said. “If only to be polite.” The old woman poured ice water into two plastic cups then disappeared back into the kitchen.
“We’re here to get official sanction.” 10 said. “We want to go after the woman on the flyer.”
“I don’t think it’ll be easy.” Boogie said. “We already tried once and botched it. She knows she’s a target now.”
“We’re better than any wet team you’ve got.” 10 said.
“I know… Like I said, I’ve done research. I would’ve thought you’d be rusty, but recent events suggest otherwise.” She took a sip of beer and wiped her mouth off. “I’m sorry to say this, but I can’t give you two the assignment.”
“Why not?” 10 asked.
“Because you haven’t eaten any of your fuckin’ noodles.” She said. “Come on, you’ve never had better, I promise.”
10 flashed a smile at Marin and picked up her chopsticks, but Marin sat unmoving on the plastic chair.
“What’s the matter?” Boogie asked her.
“Mr. Ethos.” Marin said. “That’s you right? Why’d you do the cover for Missy LeGrand’s new record? You know she stole those songs from Ky.”
“I knew Kyrene back in the day.” Roller Boogie said. “She was such a little brat… I mean that as a compliment of course. She was all-punk back then and she was pissed off at the world. She used to fly into these epic profanity-laced rants and we all thought she was hilarious. Everyone in our little group loved her, but with Star, it was different. As far as Star was concerned, the sun rose and set for Ky. It broke her heart to have to leave her behind when she went underground. She carried a lot of guilt about it…”
“Missy LeGrand stole Ky’s work.” Marin said. “And you helped.”
“The Industry is heavily invested in media.” Boogie said. “They use it to program people just like they program computers. In straight marketing it’s called consumer conditioning. Me and Star created a virtuous analog of that project for the Academy. That’s what Mr. Ethos is. Of course, to the outside, it just looks like a trendy, edgy marketing company, but the more people we reach, the more effective our counter-conditioning is.”
“It’s a product built on the corpse of the woman I loved.” Marin said. “It’s the product of the enemy.”
“Every time someone buys that record, the Industry gets a little richer, it’s true.” She said. “But they’re also undermined —you have to trust me on that. Did you ever find out why we were selling all that ecstasy? You didn’t think we were trying to bring about the age of Aquarius did you?”
“We stopped a plague.” Marin said.
“Correct. And did you ever read Mamma J’s Insomnia Poems?”
Marin frowned at the question. “Yeah, I think I read them in college.” She said.
Boogie looked at 10, who slurped up some noodles and took a second to swallow before she answered. “It’s been a while.” She said.
“Star wasn’t given the recipe by angels or aliens or any of that shit. She didn’t get it from a Ouija board or by any other witchy means. She decoded it from the Insomnia Poems. Back then, she was studying Robert Graves and she used to talk about how he’d deciphered some nonsense poems from the 16th century and showed that they actually contained hidden knowledge. She was working on one of the higher Academic degrees at the time, and her thesis argued that the authors of those poems didn’t know what they were doing. Her theory was that the poets had thought they were writing nonsense too, and that the cryptographic message was an unintentional byproduct of their creative process. It was all part of a larger theory she was working on, that true artists are conduits for psychic forces trying to manifest in our world. She was going to make it into a book, but she got sidetracked. She realized that if cryptographic messages manifested in 16th century poetry, they might manifest in contemporary poetry too. So she went through Mamma J’s books looking for likely candidates. She hit on the Insomnia Poems and found that they contained a detailed chemical formula.”
“So some psychic force wanted to stop the oncoming plague?” 10 asked.
“No.” Boogie said. “Not some unknown force. The message explicitly stated where it was coming from: the future. It came through a conduit from a potential Mary Jimenez who was still alive in the year 2048. Mamma J received the message in the seventies and did what poets do when words come into their minds. She wrote them down. Star decoded it in 1979 and the first batch was synthesized in 1980. From there, you know the rest because you lived it.”
“But what does any of this have to do with Reclamation?” 10 asked.
“I’m getting to that.” She said. “The recipe wasn’t the only message that came through. Star was given access to Mamma J’s archives, and she discovered an unpublished poem that contained another cipher. But this one was something deeply weird. In fact, it was so weird that they decided to keep it secret even within the Academy. That’s when they started the Reclamation project. Mamma set up New Minoa, and Star made sure that the information couldn’t be suppressed again...”
“What are we talking about?” Marin asked. “Another recipe?”
“Kind of.” Boogie answered.
“Well I’m going to need something a little more specific than that.” Marin said.
Boogie shook her head. “We don’t talk about it outside of New Minoa. If the Industry got word of what we were up to, they’d just incinerate us.”
“It looks like they’re getting ready to do that anyway.” 10 said. “Don’t you watch the news?”
Boogie smiled and leaned forward drawing Marin and 10 into a conspiratorial huddle. “It’s too late.” She whispered. “We’re opening worldwide real soon.”
“Is it bigger than ecstasy?” 10 asked.
Boogie laughed. “Oh yeah.” She said. She sat back and smiled. “I hereby appoint you both defenders of Reclamation. Your first orders are to head up north and wait for further instructions. You’re going to take care of our little blonde problem up there.”



26
Hackish climbed aboard the Industrial trailer in the pre-dawn cold. It was wide and clean inside with banks of hardware and a desk that curved around the back of the space. Maggs wasn’t there, but someone had thought to fire up the coffee machine in the small kitchenette, and Hackish helped herself to a cup. There were three computer monitors in front of two big soft armchairs that could rotate 360 degrees. She sat and sipped her coffee and listened to the hum of electronics.
Maggs had called her the night before to tell her that they were green-lit for a raid. Apparently the judge was sympathetic to the Kibelian argument that the original search warrant had been too broad, and he’d forced the police to limit their search to one residence within the compound. Maggs said he’d picked the place himself from satellite images. “It’s right across from the huge building at the center of the property.”
When he arrived at the trailer, he went straight for the computer and started to type. “You weren’t kidding when you said the Industry was taking this seriously.” Hackish said. “This is quite a rig.” The screens lit up with live video from three helmet-cameras. They showed the insides of vehicles filled with cops.
“They’re lined up to go in.” Maggs said. “It’s one police car and two ATF vans.” He pointed at the monitor in front of him. “This one’s a state cop in the lead car, and those two are from ATF agents in the vans.”
The convoy began to move up the long driveway toward New Minoa. As they passed through the Mothers of the Missing encampment, people crowded the vehicles, cheering and shouting encouragement. The lead car stopped in front of the gate. On the other side, the Kibelian security team was outfitted with bullet proof vests and semi-automatic rifles. One of them came forward and pulled the gate open. The Kibelians rode in two Jeeps, one in front and one behind the line of law enforcement vehicles that entered the compound.
The sun was starting to peek over the treetops, and the monitors showed a neighborhood of one and two-story craftsman-style houses with exposed wooden beams and wrap-around porches —like a premade Leave it to Beaver suburbia. The caravan turned a corner and a large steel and glass facility rose up behind the houses. It looked like a state-of-the-art aquarium or the computer science building at an Ivy League university. The caravan traveled down the street to the house at the edge of the expanse of green lawn in front of the facility.
When the lead Jeep pulled up onto the grass, the Kibelian security team, six of them, jumped down and moved into position along the back of the house. The videocop in the lead car got out first, and then the other two climbed down from the ATF vans. They all watched as the Kibelians from the second Jeep moved into position behind them.
The first videocop followed a man in a suit, presumably a homicide detective, up onto the porch of the two-story home. He knocked on the front door and a 30ish woman in a men’s button-up shirt and blue jeans opened it. She smiled at them. “Really? You wanna search my house? Be my guest.” She turned and called up the stairs. “Mary! Louisa! Get down here, the cops want to search the house!”
At the top of the stairs, a young girl looked down, wide-eyed. “They chose us?” She asked, amazed. She disappeared, but could be heard pounding on her sister’s door. “Wake up Lou! It’s a raid!” She shouted.
The woman smiled at the detective. “They don’t get a lot of action around here.”
She and her two daughters waited on the front porch while the police began the legal vandalization of their home. Sofas were ripped open, picture frames smashed, chairs crow-barred to pieces, carpets ripped off floors, and the contents of every shelf and cabinet dumped. None of the officers bothered with any pretense that they were looking for evidence in a murder investigation.
When the detective blew a whistle, all the destruction stopped. The cops went through the kitchen and out the back door. Two women holding video cameras appeared, and they stood by the Kibelian security team and filmed as the cops and ATF agents gathered behind the house. The big facility was behind the Kibelians on the other side of the grass. One of the Jeeps bounced into frame and a woman in a suit, who Hackish recognized as the lawyer from the Vanessa Slang video, got out and approached the detective. “What do you think you’re doing?” She barked at him. “If you’re done searching the house, it’s time to leave.”
He shook his head. “One of my officers saw someone run from the house over to that building.” He said. “We’re expanding the scope of the search based on a reasonable suspicion that evidence has been moved.”
He gestured to the assembled cops and they began to run toward the facility. The Kibelian security forces moved too, some jumped into the Jeep and others ran alongside the advancing army, trying to get in front of them. The Jeep passed the runners and stopped at the facility’s side entrance. One of the Kibelians stood up from the passenger side and fired two shots into the air.
All three screens in front of Hackish went black as the cops fell to the ground. One of the screens lit up as the return fire began, and Hackish saw the woman who’d fired the warning shots fall. The woman next to her fell too and the rest jumped down on the other side. Gunshots sounded from every direction, and it wasn’t clear what was going on. One of the screens showed the bloody face of the detective for a second amidst the chaos of pixels. Someone shouted to move, and the cops started to run again, still under fire. One of the video feeds whip-panned to blue sky and stayed there.
The second Jeep appeared beside the cops as they ran —pacing them across the open yard. The nearest videocop stopped, pointed a handgun, and fired four shots. The driver slumped and steered the vehicle away. When the cops got to the side-door, the monitor in front of Hackish showed an injured woman pointing a handgun. She jerked back and a hole appeared in her forehead.
The officers now had the cover of the first Jeep and one of the biggest of the men pointed his rifle at the glass door of the facility. The first shot put a hole in the glass and the second shot brought it all down. “Go, go!” He shouted. They began to climb through the door one at a time.
Eight police officers went into the building. They moved down a long corridor next to a glass wall that looked out onto a Japanese rock garden. The lead officer called for backup on his walkie but received no response. At the end of the corridor, they passed some doors and came to a large, open lobby. The space was full of tropical plants in huge planters, artfully arranged. The ceiling and one of the walls was glass, which made it feel like an oversized greenhouse. The team slowed to a cautious walk.
But the Kibelians had gotten there first.
They appeared all around the cops, stepping out from their cover with rifles pointed. Three shots were fired and one of the videocops followed another cop back the way they’d come. The other monitor showed a woman taking guns from the ATF agents and state police who’d surrendered immediately. They were outnumbered and surrounded.
The two on the move went down the corridor near the rock garden, but there were three Kibelians coming toward them at a fast clip. They turned back and saw someone looking at them through a cracked door. They pushed the door open and entered the room.
They were met inside with an eerie high-pitched scream. It appeared to be a studio apartment, and it took Hackish a moment to register what the monitor showed: a very small bald woman in a robe screeching at the two men. “Get the fuck out!” She chirped. The two cops looked at her a moment and then heard someone trying to open the door. The sound snapped them out of their confusion, and they went to the kitchen and started dragging the table out. “What are you fuckers doing?” The tiny woman shouted in her high-pitched child’s voice. She followed them around the apartment like a yapping dog.
Once they’d gotten the table and couch up against the front door, the cop wearing the camera finally took a look at the little woman. She was under four feet tall and her bald head was disproportionately large for her body. She flung a string of foul-mouthed invective at the two officers. “This is a violation of my civil rights you fascist shit-heels!” She whined. There was a loud bang on the door, followed by another. “You cocksuckers can’t enter my home without a warrant! I’ll take your fuckin’ badges!”
The cop who wasn’t wearing the camera pushed the little woman to the ground, put her wrists together behind her back, and zip-tied them. Someone in the corridor was shouting: “We’ve got your partners out here. There’s no way out for you. You might as well give up before someone gets hurt.”
The cop hauled the angry woman to her feet, which made her scream in miniature pain. “Look at this little bitch.” He said to his partner. “She’s some kinda skinhead dwarf…” The man was maybe six feet tall, and he towered over the woman.
The other cop shrugged and spoke into his radio receiver. “This is officer Brady requesting immediate backup. We have multiple officers down, repeat, multiple officers down. Do you copy?”
There was no reply.
“It’s okay.” The other cop said. “They woulda heard the shots. They’ll be moving in any minute.”
A loud thump against the door startled them.
“If you bust the door down, I’ll shoot this fuckin’ midget in the head!” The videocop yelled.
“She doesn’t look like a midget though.” The other cop said. “Her hands aren’t knobby and she’s not bow-legged.” He leaned toward her. “What’s your deal?”
“Fuck you and fuck you too!” She said. “Fuck your mothers!”
“Jesus, she’s got a little mouth on her, huh?” The cop said.
The woman stomped down on his foot and kicked him in the shin, but she couldn’t do much damage with her small bare feet. He pushed her down to the ground again, and this time he zip-tied her ankles. He rolled her onto her back. “What’s the big secret around here? Did you all invent a lesbian shrink ray?”
She spat at him but missed.
“It got real quiet out there…” The videocop said.
“Fuck you both!” The little woman shouted in her Minnie Mouse voice. “I hope your children get cancer!”
The videocop shook his head. “Jesus, what a thing to say…”
Two blasts shook the room as both windows across from the barricaded front door were blown out. Kibelians in helmets and bullet proof vests came in through the windows and pointed rifles at the cops. The couch and table fell as the front door was finally breached. Both men put their hands up.
Hackish knew the show was over.
[[ TRANSCRIPT ]]
// floodlight
07/02/92
CBS EVENING NEWS
Anchor: Dan Rather
Correspondent: Paula Zahn
“An Untenable Situation”
Rather: Six people are dead and at least nine are seriously injured after a clash between police and members of the Mary Jimenez cult this morning. Police were attempting to execute a search warrant when the violence broke out. The circumstances that led to the incident are unclear, but when the melee was over, four police officers and two cult members were dead. Paula Zahn has this report.
Paula Zahn stands next to a CBS News van — another news crew and a small crowd of the Mothers of the Missing are visible behind her. The theme song to Gilligan’s Island plays in the background.
Zahn: At five o’clock this morning, three law enforcement vehicles entered the gates of the New Minoa compound to execute a search warrant. They were escorted by armed cult members. Almost as soon as the police entered, the officers outside lost radio contact. I spoke with State Police Sergeant Matthew Canfield about the incident earlier today.
A heavyset man with no hair and red cheeks stands across from Zahn. The theme song to the Brady Bunch plays in the background.
Canfield: They must’ve jammed our radio signal, which is illegal. We couldn’t get a call through on the car phone either. It was about twenty minutes later when we heard the first shots.
Zahn: You have military-style assault vehicles here. Once you heard gunfire, why didn’t you move in?
Canfield: We’re under strict orders not to escalate the situation.
Zahn: Orders from who?
Canfield: We’re working with the ATF and the Office of the Attorney General on this.
Zahn: Have you been in contact with anyone inside the compound?
Canfiled: They called to tell us what had happened. We have a professional negotiator who’s trying to get them to let us in. Of course we know they’re armed and they’ve got eight of our guys in there. We don’t want to just move in and make this into a situation where we lose more people. We’re trying to de-escalate things here.
Zahn is back in front of the CBS News van.
Zahn: This is now a siege. Law enforcement has banks of bright lights all around the perimeter, focused in on the compound. They’ve also got a very loud sound system playing television theme songs on a continuous loop. They used similar tactics against Noriega in Panama. It’s a way of depriving the people inside of sleep. The theory is that if they’re exhausted, they’ll be more likely to give up. Dan?
Rather: In the wake of this tragic incident, law enforcement agencies around the country have begun to dismantle the recruitment arms of the Mary Jimenez cult. There are reports of arrests in Los Angeles, Chicago, Houston and New York City. While this group may have flown under the radar for many years, things have certainly changed. They’ve become a household name overnight. There are still eight officers inside the compound and we have no word on their welfare or the conditions they’re being held in. The only thing that’s certain is that this situation cannot continue indefinitely.



27
After everything she’d been through, the days of inactivity were hard on Marin. She and 10 were holed up outside of Redding in a motel. They’d already been there two nights when the incident at New Minoa threw everything into question. They were still waiting for marching orders from Roller Boogie, but Marin thought the increased media attention probably put the brakes on whatever Boogie’s plans had been. If Marin knew the plans, it would be different, but security dictated that foot soldiers like her and 10 were kept in the dark until the last second.
10 seemed to be better equipped for the long wait —she’d brought books to read and she would do the crossword puzzles in any newspapers she could find. But Marin stayed glued to the TV news. Whenever she stopped watching the coverage of Three Forks, thoughts of Ky and the Reichsburo would take over. She could’ve handled the wait, she thought, if she could’ve had a couple drinks or smoked a joint, but she had to stay sharp. Things could happen at any minute, even in the middle of the night. She had to stay inside her head, which was full of ghosts and regrets. Even the most innocuous thought could trigger a shimmering cascade of painful memories.
It was mid-morning on her fourth day at the hotel when she heard gunfire. She scrambled for her Academy-issued Uzi and pressed herself up against the wall of her room. She peeked out the corner of the front window and tried to figure out how they’d gotten burned. They’d used fake names and paid in cash and had barely left their rooms. Maybe someone had followed them from San Francisco… But why were they shooting? Were they trying to draw her out? Was 10 already in the fight? She heard more shots from the other side of the building, and Marin realized that whoever it was had the place surrounded. She decided that they must be trying to draw her out. She wasn’t going to make it easy for them. She got down on the floor and crawled under the table, which gave her a clear view of the door. From her position, she could take out at least one of them before they got to her.
The shots continued, but they were maddeningly intermittent —they came one or two at a time with long breaks in between. There was sadistic intent behind it, they were playing with her nerves. They must know that I’m on edge, she thought. They must’ve guessed I’m in here thinking about the Reichsburo...
A knock at the door startled Marin. She pointed the Uzi where she thought a man’s head would be if he kicked it in, but 10’s voice called out. “Stripes, are you in there? Open up.”
At first Marin thought it might be a trick, but 10 wouldn’t go along with a trick like that, she was the type of person that would go out fighting. Marin got up but stayed behind the door as she opened it just in case. 10 entered and looked at her strangely.
Two blasts outside made Marin flinch.
“Fireworks.” 10 said. “Honey, those are fireworks. You’ll be hearing those all day and all night. It’s the Fourth of July.”
Marin started to laugh but then the tears came. 10 had never shown her much in the way of friendship, but she rose to the occasion and hugged Marin. “I’m sorry.” Marin said.
10 released her. “You’ve been through a trauma. I mean you got shot in the head. You’re allowed to be a little jumpy. It’s okay.”
“How do you feel about going into a hairy situation with someone who can’t tell the difference between an M-80 and a gunshot?”
“I’d rather be with someone who’s overly cautious than someone who’s overly confident.” 10 said. She sat at the table and Marin sat on the edge of the bed. “This morning after I checked in with Boogie, I used the payphone to call a friend. She told me all our sisters in the Bay Area are getting picked up. It’s happening all over the country. Just being in the Academy is enough to get you arrested. They’re holding two sisters from my cadre on bogus racketeering charges.”
“Fuck.” Marin said.
“They’re not even trying to make the charges stick,” she said, “they just want to publicly identify Kibelians. They’re trying to create a social stigma around it.”
“Were you watching CNN this morning?” Marin asked.
“No.” 10 said.
“Mamma J is giving a press conference later today.”
“It’s about time we heard something from the Mother-House.” 10 said.
“No, she’s in California. She arrived in Three Forks this morning but the cops wouldn’t let her into New Minoa.”

The front yard of the suburban home was filled with reporters and the Mothers of the Missing. They held up signs that were identical except for the photographs and names of the missing women on them. Black Humvees were parked in the street and some men in black suits, central casting FBI agents, stood on the sidewalk. There was a bank of microphones on the wide front porch, with the logos of news organizations competing for space in the frame. The porch was lit up like an operating room, with multiple banks of lights courtesy of CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN and Telemundo.
Marin and 10 sat at the table in 10’s room and ate premade sandwiches from a grocery store deli —their usual lunch. The TV was turned so they could see it but muted so they wouldn’t have to hear the inane commentary over the live video. They’d been hearing what ‘experts’ had to say about the Kibele Academy for the last three days.
Right on time, the front door opened, and Mary Jimenez walked out. She was barefoot and wore a hippie sundress with a tailored army jacket. Marin wondered why she would wear an army jacket if she was trying to appear non-threatening. It seemed like an odd choice. 10 turned the volume up on the television. Two other women, one large and one small, followed Jimenez out of the house and stood behind her. She looked tiny behind all the microphones, but her voice was strong and clear.
“The time has come for women to reclaim our rightful place in the world. Through our selection of mates, we direct the evolutionary progress of the human species. But this innate power was stolen from us when the Greeks institutionalized marriage as a form of chattel slavery. They created an elaborate system to counteract the biological reality, a reality that we now know gave us power far beyond procreation. We possess a physical potential that has been suppressed for thousands of years. We can choose who will continue to exist in this world and who will die. It was well-known in ancient times that death was one of two possible ends to a person’s life —and a much less desirable one. A woman, given the right circumstances, has the power to assimilate another human being, just as she has the power to create another human being. But since they could not control this ability, men decided that no one should have access to it. The Greeks couldn’t stamp it out entirely, but the Romans did.”
Someone in the crowd shouted something but it wasn’t picked up on the mics. Mary Jimenez looked in the direction of the interruption with peaceful, placid eyes. “By the common era,” she continued, “all traces of this fundamental female power had been eradicated. Generation after generation was raised to believe that death was the only possible end to life. That’s what the patriarchy is: a culture of death. And their death-culture imposed a linear conception of time, but the culture of life is cyclical. The patriarchy has forced all of humanity to live asymmetrical lives. In ancient times, a person’s life could have balance. The Kibele Academy is being persecuted for bringing balance back into the world.”
There was some shoving in front of the stage as the men in black suits moved closer to Mary Jimenez. “We discovered this ability through a kind of miracle that I very much wanted to describe for you, but it looks like I’m going to have to cut my remarks short.” Jimenez started to speak faster as the federal agents came up onto the porch. “Today, we’re releasing a short documentary about our work. Copies will be distributed to all the major news outlets across the country.” Four men in suits, two on each side, closed in on her. She continued speaking as they took her by the wrists. “Please share the video, it’s time for women to reclaim…” The agents pulled her away from the microphones and handcuffed her as the Mothers of the Missing cheered. More men in suits came onto the porch going toward the two women who’d stood behind Jimenez. When all three were handcuffed, the agents pushed them down the steps, toward a black van.
10 turned off the TV. “Looks like we’re going to the mattresses.” She said. “If they can arrest Mamma J on live television, what chances have the rest of us got?”
Marin flinched as more fireworks went off outside.
[[ COMMUNIQUÉ ]]
// floodlight
07/04/92
Delivered by New Minoa lawyer Rebecca Brothers

NOTICE OF SURRENDER:
We residents of New Minoa and proud graduates of the Kibele Academy formally petition federal and state authorities for a peaceful end to this conflict. We don’t want to detain the men who are currently in our custody any longer than is absolutely necessary. In short, we surrender. We only have one condition: 
Let the media in first.
We are not hostage-takers. If we were, we might demand that our sisters who have been arrested across the country be released. We might demand that the property which has been seized from Academy-owned warehouses, thousands of videotapes, be returned to us. We might demand the release of Mary Jimenez, who, it’s worth noting, was nowhere near New Minoa when the incident occurred. 
But we’re not demanding any of that. We’re simply asking that the truth of this situation be made public. We realize that we’re in a no-win situation. We can only hope to provide some context for what has happened before we are taken into police custody.
We humbly request that the news crews assembled outside our gates be allowed to enter New Minoa. We will share the results of our work with them, so that the public can see with their own eyes why we are being persecuted. It’s important that the footage they bring out not be censored in any way. Once the news reports are on the air, we will put down our weapons and surrender peacefully.
It’s sad that we have to share our work under this cloud of controversy and negativity. We produced and attempted to distribute a short documentary but, as has been mentioned, all copies of it were seized by federal agents. If we are nothing but a “cult” or a bunch of militant feminists, what are they so afraid of?
We surrender. You win. We only ask for one more chance to exercise our first amendment right to free speech before we’re carted off to jail. The violence that occurred when police tried to illegally expand the scope of their search—violence that resulted in fatalities on both sides—should not be used as an excuse to silence us. We’re prepared to face the repercussions of our actions, whatever they are. After impartial observers review the tapes, we’re confident that they will find the police acted improperly. While that might not excuse the use of deadly force on our side, it is a mitigating factor.
We await your response.
P.S. There have been some requests for the theme song to Dr. Who.



28
The evacuation of the wounded from New Minoa began in the early evening on July 5th. The helicopter came in and briefly drowned out the theme song from Cheers that played on an endless loop. It was scheduled to make two trips to Mercy Medical Center in Redding —the first took two cops and two Kibelians. When the helicopter came back, it picked up two more cops and a Kibelian who had bandages covering most of her face. She was officially identified as ‘Elizabeth Marsh,’ but Hackish was almost 100 percent certain that it was Vanessa Slang.
She drove to Redding and stopped at the Industry hub to get a dryworks bag. The only tool she really needed was the hypo-pen —which contained a drug that caused heart failure in a matter of seconds. She called Baily Maggs’ ATF contact and he told her that ‘Elizabeth Marsh’ had been transferred, after a brief stay in the ICU, to room 364.
She parked up the street from the hospital and walked, with the hypo-pen in her pocket, down a ramp to the service entrance. She went into an empty basement hallway and found the employee elevator across from the hospital’s morgue. She rode up to the third floor, which was quiet except for a couple of beeping machines.
The way the rooms were laid out was in her favor. From the service elevator, she didn’t have to pass a nurse’s station to get to room 364. The room was dark except for a weak fluorescent on the wall above the patient’s now-unbandaged head. Hackish looked at the sleeping face of a woman who was not Vanessa Slang. She had a longer face, with an aquiline nose. Hackish took the clipboard off the wall and tilted it toward the light. “You’re not a nurse.” A small voice said.
“No.” Hackish said looking down at the woman. “I’m with law enforcement. It says here you have a concussion?”
“That’s right.” The woman said.
“Then why was your face bandaged?”
“I don’t know.” She said. “You’d have to ask Dr. Beth at New Minoa.”
Hackish considered trying to get more information out of the woman, but decided against it. She knew they’d switch Slang out for a decoy, but she thought they’d wait till the middle of the night. Unless this was all misdirection, she thought.
Hackish put the chart back and left without another word. She went back to the service elevator and down to the first floor where she found a security guard trying to stay awake behind his desk. She told him that she was an ATF agent and that she needed to review the security footage of the patients arriving from Three Forks right away.
“You’ll have to come back in the morning.” He said. “I can’t leave the desk.”
“No.” She said. “You’re going to help me find the footage I need now. I’m searching for a cop-killer, understand? My investigation is time sensitive. If you get in trouble for leaving the desk, you can give your superior my name and number.”
The man was wide awake now. “Okay.” He said. “Follow me.” He never even asked to see my credentials, she thought, no wonder he’s a security guard.
Hackish scrubbed through the black and white video and found exactly what she thought she’d find. At 6:47 PM, a nurse wheeled ‘Elizabeth Marsh’ out of the ICU on a hospital bed —her face still bandaged. A woman in a long coat and a wide-brimmed hat met them in the hall and got on the elevator with them. There were no cameras in the elevator, but the ride to the third floor took almost three minutes —far too long. Long enough for Vanessa Slang and the decoy in the hat to trade costumes. When the nurse got off on the third floor, pushing the woman in the bed, the person in the hat stayed on the elevator. She went down to the ground floor and out to the parking garage. The video from the garage showed the woman get into a Toyota Corolla and leave. Hackish wrote down the license plate number and thanked the security guard on behalf of the federal government of the Untied States of America.
Back at the Industrial hub, she accessed the California vehicle registration database and found that the Toyota belonged to the Hertz Corporation. It had been rented under the name Deborah Schloss in San Francisco six days earlier. She put out a police APB on the car, with orders to report its location, and set up an alert on the ‘Deborah Schloss’ credit card.
Then she waited.
At a little after 11, a credit card hit came through. It had been used to pay for gas in Crescent City at 10:43 PM. Slang was headed north but staying off the 5 freeway. Hackish thought it was probably a security measure because she knew about the license plate scanners. Slang was headed to Canada, but she was moving slowly. Would she drive all night, or stop and sleep? Before she left, Hackish told the clerk at the hub to call her car phone if any more credit card charges came through.
She drove north on the 5 at an average speed of 79 MPH, until she was sure she was well north of her target on the slower coastal highway. She got off and connected with the 101 somewhere in Oregon. It was 3:30 AM when she began to drive south, turning into the parking lots of every hotel and motel that could be seen from the highway, looking for the rented Toyota. It took her a long time to check all the parking lots in Coos Bay, but south of there, the motels got more spread out.
She finally spotted the car in the parking lot of a place called the Royal Pacific Motor Lodge just south of Gold Beach. The illuminated sign boasted of air conditioning and cable TV. There were plenty of vacancies, and the side that faced away from the highway only had four occupied rooms, judging from the curtains. The Toyota was parked at the end of the lot, far from the stairs. Assuming she’d parked as close to her room as possible, Vanessa Slang would be in the corner room on the ground floor.
Hackish drove around to a dark Carl’s Jr. adjacent to the motel and parked in a spot where she could see Slang’s rental car. She opened the trunk and got her skeleton keys and the .38 from her suitcase, then took a pair of small bolt-cutters from the dryworks bag. She still had the hypo-pen in her pocket from earlier, and she put the handgun in her other pocket. She carried the bolt-cutters.
The clouds in the sky were starting to turn dark gray with the imminent sunrise. She knew that every minute that passed increased the likelihood that Slang would be awake or in the early stages of waking. She stepped over the divider between the two parking lots and went to the room she’d identified as most-probably Slang’s.
The door had a Yale pin-tumbler lock —nothing fancy. She found the Yale/Kwikset/Medeco skeleton key and had to jiggle it a couple of times before it worked, but it didn’t make too much noise. As expected, a little chain prevented the door from opening more than a crack. Hackish got the bolt-cutters in place and snipped through the chain with a bit more noise then she wanted. She waited, listening to hear if someone in the room had reacted to the sound. She heard nothing but deep even breaths, so she slipped in and closed the door behind her, almost silently.
The room was dark except for a sliver of light coming from the bathroom. Hackish set the bolt-cutters on the floor and stood there a moment, waiting for her eyes to adjust. There were two double beds and the one farthest from her was occupied. She could see the sheets rising and falling with Slang’s breath. She got the hypo-pen and took the cap off. The stuff only took seconds, but she still wanted to stick it in Slang’s neck to decrease the time between her waking and dying. The way the job had gone so far, Hackish thought something messy was likely to happen. She didn’t want to resort to using the gun unless it was absolutely necessary.
She moved into the room and approached the sleeping woman. It seemed Slang had a bandage wrapped around her head. There was some movement under the covers and Slang rolled over. Her eyes were wide open.
A short burst of high-pitched pops startled Hackish.
She stumbled backward, tripped on the edge of the other bed, and fell onto the shag carpet. As she got up, she realized she’d been shot in the stomach. There were smoking holes in the sheet that the woman flung off the bed. She stood, fully clothed, holding an Uzi.
Hackish reached for her .38 but hands were already there taking it from her. Another woman had been hiding in the closet. “You remember me?” The woman with the Uzi asked.
Hackish tried to think through the pain. “You’re… Gregory. You’re Marin Gregory.” She said.
“That’s right.” Marin said. “I don’t know who you are, but I really don’t care.”
Hackish saw the muzzle of the Uzi light up, but she never heard the sound.



29
10 had gotten the hotel room under the alias she’d set up for the op —a false driver’s license and credit card— but she’d used the same alias to rent the car. So the hotel room with the dead body in it could be connected to them as long as they were in the car. Marin wanted to ditch the Toyota and get on a Greyhound bus in Eureka, but 10 thought they should just push through. She wouldn’t even let Marin ditch the Uzi. When they got on the Golden Gate Bridge, Marin relaxed. They crossed into San Francisco unnoticed at 1:00 in the afternoon.
“Nobody’s after us,” 10 said, “they probably haven’t even found the body yet.”
When they got to her apartment, Marin took her heavy backpack out of the trunk. 10 gave her a hug on the sidewalk. “It’s been nice working with you. Take care of that head.”
“Hey I’ve still got the hardware in here.”
“Keep it.” 10 said. “It might come in handy. Besides, it looks good on you.”
Marin entered her building and climbed the stairs. She was about to get her keys out when she heard a familiar creak of floorboards. It was the same sound she heard every time she walked down the hall from her bedroom past her front door. That sound meant that someone was in her apartment.
She looked at the peephole and imagined someone on the other side, looking back at her. The weight of her backpack took on an ominous significance. She was looking at a ten-year minimum sentence just for carrying the Uzi, to say nothing of the fact that it had been used in a recent homicide in Oregon.
Marin patted her pockets, pantomiming lost keys. She turned and walked casually down the stairs. When she got out the front door, she ran.
She caught a Haight Street bus and overpaid because she didn’t have exact change. When she was near the Panhandle, she got off and walked to the New Trust Bank. She went in, wishing she had a hat to cover the bandages on her head. They hadn’t been changed in two days and she hoped she hadn’t bled through.
She waited in line and when it was finally her turn, the teller was a man she didn’t know. His nametag said ‘Dan.’ “Is Lucy here today?” Marin asked.
“No she isn’t.” He said. “Can I help you with something?”
“I need to get into my safe-deposit box.” Marin said. She took out her driver’s license and slid it across the counter. He looked at it. “One minute.” He said. He went back and spoke to an older man who leaned over and looked at Marin. She thought she could read the man’s lips and that he’d said something about Lucy.
Lucy was the Assistant Branch Manager, and a Kibelian sister of rank. If she’d been arrested, someone who came in and specifically asked for her would certainly raise suspicions. Especially if that someone was sweaty, bleeding, and carrying a sagging backpack. Nevertheless, Dan came back, handed Marin her license, and got a key. “Right this way Ms. Gregory.” He said.
She followed him back into a room lined with safe-deposit boxes that came in three sizes. He put his key in the outer lock of one of the medium sized boxes and turned it. He left it in place and walked out of the room, shutting the door behind him. Marin unlocked the second lock and pulled out the metal box. She put it on the counter at the back of the room and opened it. It contained $5,000 cash and a driver’s license with a clean name and Marin’s photo on it. She’d been worried that the license might be expired, but it still had a couple of months left. Most cadre members had dismantled their bugout bags after the ecstasy networks were shut down. Marin had simply moved hers to the bank.
She switched out the driver’s license in her wallet with the phony one and put the money into the front pouch of her backpack. She got the Uzi out, removed the clip, and tried to fit it into the box —but no matter how she turned or tilted it, it was too big. She cursed the thing and shoved it back into the backpack. She returned the box to its place in the wall and locked the door.
On her way out, the man her teller had been talking to called out to her. “Ms. Gregory, may I speak with you for a moment?” He was on the phone but he quickly hung up and stood.
“I’m in a bit of a rush.” She said.
He took a few steps and got in front of her. He held his hand out offering her the seat next to his desk. “I need to go over some of your personal information,” he said, “we haven’t updated it in quite a while. Have a seat.”
“NO.” Marin said loudly, drawing the attention of everyone in the bank. “I don’t have time now.” She pushed past him headed for the door. “Have Lucy call me, I’ll give my information to her.” She said as she left the bank.
Halfway up the block, she noticed a black Ford with tinted windows turn down the street. It was an unmarked police car, Marin was sure, and it was going slowly. She ducked into a busy McDonald’s and went straight for the women’s restroom. The door was locked and a sign read ‘Customers Only — ask for key.’ Marin was going toward the cash registers when a father and son came out of the men’s room. Marin caught the door before it closed and slipped in.
The heavily graffitied bathroom stank of shit. Marin put the backpack down in front of the paper towel dispenser and pulled the Uzi and the clip out. She got a length of paper towel and held the clip under her arm as she wiped the Uzi clean of fingerprints. She dropped it in the trash and was wiping down the clip when she heard a key go into the lock of the bathroom door. Marin dropped the clip into the trashcan with a loud clack as the door opened. She didn’t look at the man who entered, but she could feel him frowning at her for a moment before he went into a stall. She took a long section of paper towel, pretended to dry her hands, and then put it in the trashcan, making sure it covered the weapon. She picked up her bag and left.
At the end of the hall, she saw two men in suits talking to the McDonald’s manager, so she turned and went the other way. She pushed through double doors marked ‘Employees Only’ and entered the kitchen. She passed a confused man holding a box of napkins and went further back. A woman who was working the drive-through flipped the microphone on her headset up and glared at Marin. “Ma’am you can’t be back here.” She said. 
“I was just looking for Chris.” Marin said as she spotted the back door.
“Well he’s not here today. You need to…”
“It’s okay,” Marin said over her shoulder, “I’ll wait for him out back.” She went out into the alley and took off running. She crossed three city blocks, zig-zagging down side streets until she was at The Warm Springs Feminist Book Shoppe on Maple. It was still business hours, but the place was dark. Marin rang the buzzer and looked through the glass door, but couldn’t see anyone inside.
“Hey Auntie M!” A voice called out. Marin looked up and saw 11-year-old Lainie looking down from the open window of an apartment above the shop.
“Is your mom around?” Marin asked.
“Nope.” Lainie said. “You wanna come up?”
Marin looked both directions down the street and saw the black Ford go by two blocks away. “No honey.” She said. “And listen, if your mom isn’t home by eight, go stay with Uncle Jim in the Castro, okay?”
“His apartment smells like Pine Sol!” She said.
“I don’t care, just do it. You hear me?”
“Yeah.”
Marin ran to catch a Muni bus and got on feeling helpless. She overpaid again and vaguely realized that the bus route would take her past her apartment. Los Angeles called out to her, a sprawling metropolis where she could disappear into her false identity. They might not know about my company car, she thought. It’s not like the little Honda is registered in my name… She’d parked it five long blocks from her apartment, and she figured it was her ticket out of the noose that was tightening around her neck. She took some deep breaths and closed her eyes.
She would have to find the energy to drive to Los Angeles, but at least when she got there, she’d have a place to stay.
Ky’s apartment was there, and Marin still had a key.



30
Light didn’t bother her anymore, but the 5 freeway was crowded with big-rigs and speed-demons and she was stressed. Marin’s forearms were sore, and she realized it was because she was gripping the steering wheel so tight. She forced herself to stay on the road for three hours —about halfway to Los Angeles— before she took a break. She pulled into a truck stop, filled her tank, paid cash, and then pulled the car around and parked in front of the attached restaurant.
She wished she had a hat to cover the old bandage on her head, but the place was almost empty anyway. It retained the color-scheme and décor of its former life as a Bob’s Big Boy. Marin went up to the counter, thinking that if she sat at a booth, she might give in to temptation and put her head down and sleep. She turned her coffee mug upright and looked around for someone to fill it, but the staff was gathered in front of a TV at the end of the counter.
Marin cleared her throat and a young waitress noticed her and brought the coffeepot over. “Sorry,” the girl said, “we’re all watching what’s going on with that cult up north.”
“Really? Why, what’s happening?”
“It looks like they’re finally gonna go in there and get those cops out.” The waitress said. “Can I get you anything to eat?”
“Club sandwich and French fries.” Marin said. “And keep the coffee coming okay? I need the caffeine.”
“You got it.” The girl said. 
“And I’m going to move down there so I can see the TV too, alright?”
“Sure.” She said.
The television was on top of a display case for pies. Another waitress, older, and a large man with a rag over his shoulder, leaned against the counter and watched it. They nodded to Marin as she sat down. The TV showed a helicopter shot of four battering-ram vehicles moving up a grassy hill. A female reporter provided the commentary:
“The military nature of the standoff has been criticized by both right and left-leaning legal communities. Also drawing criticism is the government’s refusal to allow news crews into the gated community at the invitation of the so-called Jimenez cult. But a spokesperson for the Attorney General said that they didn’t want to risk the group taking any more hostages. Now it looks like… Yes, the battering rams are headed toward what appear to be residences. They’re not visible on your screen, but there are tanks following, and an army of police behind them on foot. It really does look like a ground invasion.”
The battering rams, with their long, prow-like appendages, came over the top of the hill and easily tore through the dark, empty houses. One tried to go straight through and got stuck. It had to back up and turn before it could continue, but the other three aimed for corners and brought down large sections of the roofs. “How can they do that to people’s homes?” The older waitress asked. “They coulda just went around ’em.”
“It’s all the property of that cult.” The man with the rag over his shoulder said. “They lost whatever rights they had when they killed those cops.”
The waitress shook her head as if she agreed but was still sorry to see such nice houses destroyed. The tanks had come in behind the battering rams and they did more damage to the houses as they followed the path of destruction toward the large building at the center of New Minoa. The reporter continued: “An ATF agent I spoke with told me that thermal imaging showed only one occupied building within the compound —the central building, now at the top of your screen. It’s a fortress-like structure the size of three football fields.”
Two of the battering rams stopped in front and a third went around to the back. The fourth poky one came up on the other side. All four had their rams pointed at the building. As the helicopter circled, tanks came into the shot, in front of a cluster of men in riot gear. The front line held large transparent shields made of plastic. The rest carried rifles.
All at once, the battering rams advanced toward the building. The two in front easily punctured the glass wall, sending cracks vertically to the top and bottom edges, without bringing it down. The one on the side was going through brick, and it took two attempts to finally breach the wall. The battering ram at the back couldn’t break through its concrete wall, so it moved to a door and punched it off its hinges easily. The battering rams all backed away and turned as the tanks rolled in.
“Surprising,” the reporter said, “that they wouldn’t give those inside one more chance to surrender. It seems that whoever’s in charge of this operation has a plan that they’re going to stick to. I haven’t seen any uh…visible attempts to defuse the situation.”
The tanks pointed their main guns at the holes left by the battering rams and moved forward until their giant muzzles were inside the structure. All together, the four tanks began to shake with repercussive force as they fired into the building. “Oh, the tanks uh…appear to have fired into the building. I, um…I’m not sure what the strategy here is…” The tanks backed away and thick white smoke came out of the holes. “I’m being told that the tanks were loaded with tear gas canisters, so this is apparently an attempt to smoke out the people inside.”
The young waitress brought Marin’s food over, but Marin didn’t even look at it. A dark figure inside the building opened glass double-doors and six kids, two boys and four girls, came out of the smoke with their hands raised high. They were crying and coughing. They went down the front steps and got swarmed by federal agents who pulled their hands behind their backs and cuffed them. “Oh my god, those are kids.” The older waitress said.
“What a bunch of assholes.” The man said. “Let’s go to war with the federal government and bring our kids along.”
There was a loud bang, and the huge front window came crashing down in pieces. A thick white cloud of tear gas poured out. Pops of gunfire sounded and the federal agents got into position behind the tanks and on the ground, firing shot after shot into the gas-filled void. The reporter continued her commentary: “It seems the…the tear gas has prompted the release of children. And now uh…it’s not clear who is firing on who. Visibility is very poor. From our position, it’s difficult to see who’s doing the shooting.”
As the helicopter circled the building, flames jumped up from part of the roof. The cloud of tear gas was darkened with gray smoke. A different type of gunfire erupted out of sight —automatic sewing-machine cracks. The source of the sound was obscured by smoke, but as the helicopter circled, a bloody woman’s body came into view, sprawled on the ground. A group of women ran out the side door toward houses on the other side of the lawn. Federal agents moved fast to try to intercept them, followed by a tank.
There was something big in the haze near the side door and Marin thought for a second that it was an elephant, but then it stood up.
It was a woman.
But the perspective was all wrong. Another one appeared and they began to run. They were huge and it looked like they were somehow closer to the camera then the others, but they weren’t. They were giants.
The other women only came up to their stomachs, which by Marin’s estimation meant that they must be over eight feet tall. Another one appeared, and this one had a large protruding belly, as if she were pregnant.
Two of the smaller women flopped to the ground, dead. The others dropped too, but it wasn’t clear whether they were taking cover or had been shot. The three giants ran toward the line of feds and caused a panic that was visible from the helicopter. The first one there had been shot a few times, but it didn’t stop her from ripping rifles out of the hands of the shooters and tossing them over her shoulder. The other giant backhanded three men who were trying to run and they tumbled and skidded to the ground. The first giant finally got shot in the head and fell back. The other went for the rifle that had shot her sister and took it with both hands. She lifted it until the man was dangling from the shoulder strap. She shook him free, and when he hit the ground, she stomped her bare heel down on his head like she was killing a spider.
The pregnant giant was next to her and they both saw the tank turn as if to get in position to shoot them. They stepped toward the tank and began to lift, tilting it on its side. They had it up on one tread but it was still trying to drive. The giant woman at the front heaved it upwards and the driving of the tread pushed its gun high into the air and then it fell backwards onto its turret. The smaller women had been giving covering fire, and when the tank was on its back they all got up and ran forward. The other feds retreated to the side of the building which was now burning intensely. Half of the roof was engulfed in flames.
The people watching the television with Marin were speechless. They stared at the screen as if searching for some way to anchor what they were seeing in reality. The reporter attempted to do the same with words: “Some very strange developments here. Uh… It appears that um…some very tall women have overturned a tank? The central building is on fire and I haven’t seen any sign of the hostages.”
A detachment with shields and rifles were moving. They ran around the side of the building as the scene disappeared behind the curtain of smoke. In the front, more women had been captured and were being handcuffed and pushed into police vans. By the time the helicopter came around, the pregnant giant was sprawled on the ground with blood coming out of her head. The other staggered away toward the houses on the far side of the lawn, taking round after round in the back. She finally fell forward onto the grass.
“It’s aliens.” The young waitress said. “Those’re aliens up there, and the government can’t deny it now, everyone seen it on TV.”
“Shut up Natalie,” the older waitress said. “It’s not aliens. It’s just big women.”
“I never seen any human being that big…”
“Quiet!” The man said. He reached over and turned the volume up on the TV, but there was nothing to hear, the reporter was just as dumbfounded as the viewers.
Another giant woman came out of the front of the building, holding a large wooden table as a shield. The camera zoomed in on her, and Marin saw that it was Vanessa Slang. She recognized her from the old days, only now she was three times bigger. Tears streamed down her cheeks, either from the gas and smoke or because she was stepping over the bodies of her fallen sisters as she moved toward the gunfire.
She kept going until she was in among the federal agents, then she started to swing the table, using it as a club and knocking people down three and four at a time. Everyone with a gun had focused their attention on Vanessa, and she took bullets from multiple directions. She got hit in the forearm, dropped the table, and spun around in time to get shot in the jaw. She grabbed the man who’d done it with both hands and lifted him over her head. She slammed him against the side of a tank, snapping his spine. She took a couple of steps, blinked twice looking up at the helicopter, and fell.
As the feds went back to shooting into the burning facility, the feed from the helicopter froze and then went to static. When they cut to the reporter in the field, she stared slack-jawed at a monitor off-screen. She realized she was on-air and composed herself. She lifted the mic. “I uh… We seem to have lost the signal from our helicopter and I… Um…like most of our viewers I’m sure —I’m not exactly certain what I just saw. I guess all that I can say is that the standoff in Three Forks has been brought to a bloody, violent conclusion. I’ll send it back to you Chris.”
The anchors in the studio had let their professional personas slip too and were visibly horrified. “Will you wrap this sandwich up for me?” Marin asked the young waitress.
She nodded and picked up the plate. “It’s gotta be aliens.” She said as she took it away.
Marin paid for her food and got back out on the road, thinking about the pregnant giant. That’s Reclamation, she thought, it has to be. And the waitress was right, it was on live TV. There’s no way for them to sweep it under the rug now.
But she knew they’d try. She considered the fact that she was driving a car that was connected to a Kibelian company. She kept an eye on her rearview mirror and cursed herself for ditching the Uzi. She wasn’t tired anymore.



31
Marin parked the car illegally in West Hollywood and wiped it down for prints. She took out everything she’d touched: a map, two pens, the Maniac cassette, and the videotape in the neon-pink sleeve that she’d gotten from Robocop at Magic Video Memories. She’d forgotten about it, but she realized that it was probably the documentary that Mamma J had mentioned at her press conference. She put it in her backpack and wondered how many other copies had survived the federal purge.
She walked to a bus stop and waited over a half an hour for an eastbound Metro-bus. She almost fell asleep on the short ride to Ky’s neighborhood. When she got into Ky’s apartment, the smell of the place triggered an onslaught of painful memories. Ky’s teacup was still in the sink and the sight of it made Marin want to cry.
She went into the bedroom, intending to watch the video on the TV/VCR on Ky’s dresser. She remembered thinking it would be nice to lie down for a second, and then it was the next day and she was waking up in Ky’s bed. At some point during the night, she’d gotten up, taken off her clothes, and gotten under the covers, but she didn’t remember doing it.
Marin unwrapped the soiled bandages on her head and threw them away. She took a long shower, then found some clothes that fit her in Ky’s closet. She made a pot of coffee and it was almost noon when she finally sat down in the living room to watch the video. She set her cup of coffee on the table to cool and hit the ‘play’ button on the remote.
A short burst of synthesizer music accompanied block letters that flew onto the screen. They spelled: Reclamation — Taking Back the Full Power of the Female Body. The title-screen dissolved to a close-up of a woman with short hair. She smiled at the camera. “Hi, my name is Mia Chen and I’m excited to speak with you today about a very important discovery. Some of the images you’re about to see might shock you, but remember, the Reclamation process is 100% natural. In fact, it’s what mother nature designed the female body to do. What you’re about to see has been suppressed for centuries. We were never supposed to know the true power of our own bodies, but guess what? We do know. And today, we’re going to share our discovery with you.”
Serene synth chords accompanied idyllic shots of New Minoa —a family picnicking on the grass, people dining at an outdoor café, a group of women listening to a folk singer in a coffee shop— Mia Chen’s voice continued over the montage. “Here in northern California, we’ve created a community built around the Reclamation process. It’s the first such community since ancient times.” Two young girls, walking on a path, turned to the camera and waved. “There’s Rebecca and Latasha,” Chen said. Two women on a park bench looked up at the camera and smiled. “And here’s Rachel and Lynda.” A woman in a white coat walked down a hallway holding a clipboard. “And here’s Dr. Nassib making her rounds.”
The doctor entered a room where a giant woman sat cross-legged with a small woman, the size of a child, on her lap. They smiled at the doctor as she came in. “And here’s Deandra and Freddie… I know what you’re thinking, and you’re absolutely right. Freddie sure is big! She’s nine foot three inches tall, which would make her the tallest human in recorded history, except that Nessie, another resident of our community, reached nine foot seven inches a month ago.”
The next shot followed Chen as she walked along the edge of a grassy park with choreographed park-goers playing Frisbee, talking, and jogging in the background. She smiled at the camera. “You must be wondering what we put in the water around here, but it’s nothing like that. In fact, it’s what we keep out of the water that makes New Minoa so special. It’s part of the all-natural Reclamation process. Let’s hear more about it from Dr. Nassib.”
The doctor was in an office behind a desk with a chart of the female reproductive system behind her. “A woman will enter the first stage of Reclamation, a stage we call Prime, when certain metals in the environment are prevented from entering her body. In traditional western medicine, when a woman becomes Prime, she’s diagnosed with an illness. They call it ‘anemia’ but really, it’s the body searching for a new equilibrium when it’s deprived of a toxin that it’s developed a tolerance for. It’s like a drug addict going through withdrawals. Yes they’re sick, but they have to go through it to get to a healthier stasis point on the other side.”
The image faded to black and letters flew onto the screen again, spelling the question: Can I start the Reclamation process by becoming anemic?
“No.” Dr. Nassib said. “In fact, anemia can cause death. What we’re talking about is a specific type of anemia and it is crucially important that any attempt to go Prime is closely supervised by a doctor trained in Reclamation biology. Getting to the Prime state is dangerous and actually very complicated from a medical standpoint. Detailed knowledge is required.”
The screen went black again and the flying letters asked: What happens after a woman goes Prime?
“That depends on her situation.” Dr. Nassib said. “If the woman is in a sexual relationship, she may begin the journey toward becoming what we call Legend.” A graphic showed the outline of two women’s bodies facing each other against a white background. Dr. Nassib described the process. “When a woman is Prime, sexual activity stimulates the production of antilactate or klim in her breasts. It’s similar to a new mother’s production of milk. The sexual partner senses this change on a hormonal level and will feel the urge to nurse from her partner.” One of the female outlines moved to the other’s breast. “Ingestion of the klim transforms both of their bodies over the course of about sixteen months.” The sucking outline began to shrink and the other began to grow. “The Prime woman gets larger and becomes Legend while her partner shrinks and becomes what we call Progenitor.”
Mia Chen was still in the park. “That’s it.” She said, smiling. “So you see, the physical changes that Deandra and Freddie have gone through are the result of a completely natural process. Let’s check back in with them and see how they’re doing.”
Chen walked into the room where Deandra still sat on Freddie’s lap. They looked up and smiled at her. “Hi Mia.” Freddie said in her deep giant’s voice.
“Hi.” Chen said. “Dr. Nassib was just telling us about klim. It’s all very interesting.”
The large and small women looked at each other and smiled, then looked back at Chen. “Would you like to watch Andi eat her lunch?” Freddie asked.
“Yes, if it’s alright with you.”
“I’m not shy.” Freddie said. “And neither is Andi.”
“It’s important that people learn about Reclamation.” Deandra said in her tiny child’s voice.
Freddie pulled her top off, exposing voluminous breasts. Deandra leaned back and Freddie held her like a baby. She latched on and began to suckle. Freddie shuddered and bit her bottom lip.
“It looks like you’re enjoying that.” Chen said.
Freddie nodded. “Yeah… To be perfectly honest, feeding Andi is um…sexually stimulating.”
“She looks like she’s enjoying it too.” Chen said.
“Sure, but in a different way.” Freddie said. “My klim is the only thing she eats now. She’s lost her taste for other food.”
“Thanks Freddie, thanks Deandra.” Chen said. “Good luck with your reunification.” Freddie smiled and the screen faded to black. Synth music came up under more shots of peaceful suburban life in New Minoa. It was similar to the montage at the beginning, except there were occasional giants or tiny women interspersed. Mia Chen walked into frame in front of a door. “Now that we know how women become Legend and Progenitor, let’s find out about the next stage of the all-natural Reclamation process.”
She opened the door onto a classroom. There were four rows of young girls sitting at desks and Dr. Nassib stood in front. She looked over at Chen as if she was surprised by the interruption. “Oh hi!” The doctor said. “I was about to explain the next part of Reclamation to my students. Perhaps you’d like to join us.”
“We’ll stay in the back.” Chen said. “Just pretend we’re not here.”
The camera took up position behind the students as Dr. Nassib addressed the girls. “You see, once a woman has reached the Legend stage, her Progenitor will lose all her hair and her belly button will swell and push out. Once that happens, they can reunify at any time. The Legend will become sexually ravenous and her Progenitor will become ever more eager to fulfill her partner’s needs.”
As Dr. Nassib spoke, the graphic of two women outlined against the white background returned, with one figure still much larger than the other. “The Progenitor will instinctively enter the Legend’s vaginal canal and make her way to the uterus.” The small outline moved into the large outline’s lower abdomen —curling into a fetal position. Wavy lines representing orgasm pulsated from the giant’s head. Dr. Nassib continued. “Over the next hour, the Progenitor’s belly button will connect to a thin sac that forms around her body. When that happens, she starts to shrink rapidly as she delivers her essence, through the umbilical cord, to the Legend. After seven months, the Progenitor’s heartbeat can no longer be detected.” The fetal-outline shrank down and finally disappeared.
Back in the classroom, Dr. Nassib went on. “Usually about eighteen months after the Progenitor enters the Legend, a thick milky discharge marks the end of the reunification process. This can be a very emotional time for the Legend, and she will experience a kind of identity crisis as she returns to her usual size. This is a fusion of two identities, and it can be difficult. But ultimately, she will become a unified individual with new tastes, memories, and mental patterns. Do you have any questions?” Three hands shot up, and Dr. Nassib pointed to one. “Melanie?”
“I hate avocados.” The girl said. “But if I reunified with someone liked avocados, would I have to eat them?”
“That depends.” Dr. Nassib said. “It’s different for everyone, but it’s a kind of negotiation. If you disliked avocados more than your partner liked them, then after reunification you probably still wouldn’t like them. But if you wound up liking avocados, you’d want to eat them, so it wouldn’t be like your partner forcing you to eat them. Understand?” The girl nodded. Nassib pointed to another girl who’d raised her hand. “Jess?”
“If I reunified with someone who could play the piano, could I play the piano?”
“Absolutely.” Dr. Nassib said. “Your fingers might be a little slow at first, but yes, you do pick up your partner’s skills. It’s one of the joys of Reclamation.” She smiled and pointed to the last girl who’d had her hand up. “Kel?”
“What about boys?” The girl asked. “Is it possible to reunify with them?”
“I’m glad you asked that question.” Dr. Nassib said. “The answer is probably yes, although since we’ve rediscovered the all-natural Reclamation process, it hasn’t been tried yet.” Nassib sat on the edge of her desk. “But even though you might be able to reunify with a male, there are several reasons why you might not want to. The reasons I’m talking about aren’t medical —we don’t know enough to say whether or not it’s medically dangerous— but there are social, political, and historical reasons that it might be a bad idea. I’d like to introduce another doctor who can talk to you about that. She’s not a body-doctor like me, she’s a doctor of history. She knows a lot about the past and how people used to live. This is Dr. Barbara Schafer.”
A tall woman in her fifties walked into frame and thanked Dr. Nassib. She turned to the class and the camera and smiled. “One of the things I like about being a historian is that I get to act like a detective, unraveling the mysteries of the past. I travel the world looking for clues in old libraries and museums to try to piece together things that have been forgotten or suppressed over time. Well Reclamation, and how it came to be completely eradicated from human knowledge, was the biggest mystery I ever tackled, and there’s still a lot to learn. What we think we know is this.” She reached up above the chalkboard and pulled down a map of the Mediterranean.
“Back in what is wrongly called pre-history,” Schafer said, “before recorded history in the west— there were two ways for a person’s life to end: death, or reunification. Of course reunification was preferred because it was a kind of continuation of life in a new form, and, because it mirrored birth, it was thought to provide symmetry to a person’s life. Women were very powerful in these ancient societies. They could amass great fortunes by reunifying with the rich, and they were treated as the natural leaders of their communities. There were loosely interconnected matriarchal settlements all across the northern shores of the Mediterranean.” She picked up a pointer and tapped Lebanon, Turkey, Greece, Italy, and France. “But the rise of mining and metallurgy meant the decline of reunification as more and more metals were used in daily life. If a woman got her water from a bucket held together with iron nails, that was enough to keep her from ever going Prime. The practice continued but became very rare. The few women who could still become Legend held a massive amount of power, they were considered high-priestesses and mystics. But different ideas about how to organize society came in with Aryan invasions from the steppes.” She tapped Ukraine and dragged the pointer down toward Greece.
“The Aryans were horrified that women held so much power in the south.” Schafer said. “And the men down there saw that the Aryans were strong and wealthy and that they treated women as slaves. They decided that they could become strong and wealthy too if they did the same. This initiated a period of rebellion against the power of women, and one of the forms that took was the embrace of death. Eventually, even men who could afford to reunify with a high-priestess started choosing not to. That was when war became the preferred way to accumulate power. Greek societies officially relegated women to second-class status, and they tried to eradicate all knowledge of what we call Reclamation. They destroyed any reference to it that they could find, and the Romans continued that project. By the time of Jesus, all knowledge of Reclamation had been lost. And it stayed lost for thousands of years —but…” Schafer smiled at the girls. “We got it back.”
“That’s right.” Dr. Nassib said. “And we’re setting up clinics across North America to teach women how to do it.” Someone pushed a large TV on a cart to the front of the classroom. “Since you’ve heard so much about reunification, I think it’s time you actually saw it. A Legend named Carla Mavrides allowed us to film her reunification with her Progenitor, Jo Travers. This was the fifth reunification since the rediscovery of the process. Talia, would you get the lights please?”
Dr. Nassib started the video in front of the classroom and the movie cut to what appeared to be a recording of lesbian sex between a giant and a tiny bald woman. The tiny woman, Jo, was fisting the giant, Carla Mavrides, and sucking on her huge clit. The giant’s vagina was even bigger than her body would suggest, and her labia were swollen and dark. She moaned and arched back with one of her huge hands on Jo’s little head. There was a loud squelching sound as Jo fucked Carla with her arm.
When Carla’s orgasm subsided, Jo removed her arm and began to smear her face up and down Carla’s oversized cunt, which made the giant’s legs twitch with every pass. As Jo dragged her face down between the thick lips, the top of her little bald head entered the opening and Carla whimpered in anticipation. Jo slowly pulled her head out. “I think we’re ready now.” She said.
Carla licked her lips and smiled down at Jo. “I know we are!” She said.
Jo went back to work and Carla pulled her legs back, opening herself. Jo pushed her head partway in and moved it up and down as if nodding yes. Carla grunted and convulsed and a sloshing sound came from the connection. The giant woman propped herself up and rocked back and forth a few times, getting into the feeling. Jo squirmed around until she was sideways.
Carla was flushed with excitement and exertion and sweat glistened on her skin. She undulated, pushing down on Jo’s little body. One shoulder went in and then the other, and soon half of the tiny woman’s body was inside the giant. Carla reached down to Jo’s little thighs and pushed her in further. As Jo’s hips entered, Carla screamed and some fluid sprayed into the air. Jo seemed to find purchase somewhere within Carla’s womb, because she pulled her legs up and her feet disappeared into Carla’s bright red vagina.
Carla stretched her legs out, flexed her feet with splayed toes, then rolled onto her side. The skin of her bulging stomach was tight and shiny. Dr. Nassib and another woman entered the room. Nassib put her hand on Carla’s forehead as the other woman covered her giant naked body with a large blanket. Someone picked up the camera and brought it close to Carla’s face. She was laughing and crying at the same time. The scene faded to black.
Park sounds bridged to a shot of Mia Chen, walking on a paved path as she spoke directly to the camera. “Reunification is a private, intimate event, and watching it under the bright lights necessary to shoot video might make it seem unpleasant. But we believe that seeing reunification is essential if people are going to understand what Reclamation really is.” She walked up to a woman who was throwing a Frisbee for her dog. The woman turned and it was Carla Mavrides, almost back to a normal size. “Carla, it’s been over a year since your reunification with Jo Travers —how do you feel?”
She smiled. “Fantastic.” She said. “I loved Jo and now I’m closer to her than ever before. I am her now, and she’s me. I have all the experiences and resources of two people inside me and I feel stronger than I ever have in my life. I feel like I could take on the whole world and win.”
Mia Chen turned back to the camera. “For thousands of years, women have been kept ignorant of the awesome power that our bodies posses. But now we know the truth, and the men who run the world can never take that away from us again. A Reclamation clinic will be opening somewhere near you soon. If you go there, you’ll learn about the all-natural Reclamation process and how to do it yourself.” It cut to a close-up of Chen’s face. “And to all the girls out there, if you don’t know where to go, just ask the smartest woman you know.” She winked and synthesizer music came up as the screen faded to black. The only credit read: New Minoa Productions, copyright 1992.
Marin’s coffee was cold. She hadn’t taken a sip.



32
Ky had left a stack of unreturned videos on top of her TV and Marin took the tape out of one called Messiah of Evil and replaced it with the Reclamation doc. She put it in her backpack and pulled a knit cap over her shaved, scarred head. She took the backpack, left the apartment, and walked to the drugstore. After buying some antibacterial ointment and a roll of Ace bandage, she stopped at a phonebooth on the corner and called the old Southland emergency number. “This is Stripes reporting for duty.” She said to the woman who answered.
“Stripes, it’s Raiders.”
“Oh thank god.” Marin said. “I thought I was the only sister at liberty in the whole world.”
“They decimated the Bay Area, but I got down to LA. They’ll never be able to roll up the sisterhood down here, we’re too spread out.”
“I didn’t think I’d get an answer when I dialed the number.”
“The pigs might be listening.” Raiders said. “Watch what you say.”
“What should we be doing?” Marin asked.
“I don’t know, I lost contact with the Mother-House.” Raiders said. “For now, I guess we should just lay low and try not to get arrested.”
“Fuck that.” Marin said. “There’s a propaganda message to get out.”
“What do you mean?”
“Did you see Mamma J’s press conference? She mentioned a documentary…”
“No good.” Raiders said. “All the tapes were seized. They’re probably all incinerated by now.”
“Not all.”
“Really? You know where we can get our hands on one?” Raiders asked.
“I can do better than that.” Marin said. “I’m staying at someone’s sister’s apartment. You know who I mean?”
“Yeah.” Raiders said. “And I doubt that place is safe. I’ll send someone around to get you. Be ready.”
“OK.” Marin said.
When she got back to Ky’s apartment, she applied the antibacterial cream to her bullet wound and rebandaged her head. She pulled the knit cap over the bandage to hide the fact that she’d recently had major brain surgery. She wanted to watch the video again, but she was afraid the tape might get eaten in Ky’s old VCR. She couldn’t risk it.
At around five o’clock, the doorbell rang. Marin looked through the peephole and saw a young heavy-set woman holding a plastic bag. She didn’t look like a fed. Marin opened the door. “Chinese food.” The young woman said. “You’d better give me some money in case anyone’s watching.”
Marin took the bag into the apartment and the woman followed. She put it down on the kitchen counter and got out her wallet. “I’ll be parked in the alley behind the Deli on Baker Street. You know where that is?” Marin handed her two fives and said she did. “You should walk over to fifth to get down there, that’s a one-way street going the other direction so you won’t be followed, at least not in a car. Please wait at least twenty minutes after I leave.”
Marin smiled at the girl’s various security precautions. “Okay.” She said.
“In the meantime you’ve got something to eat.” She said, nodding to the bag. “It’s good stuff from Lou’s.” The young woman pocketed the money and left. Marin put the bag in the fridge. She was hungry but she wanted to stay hungry. It was a superstition left over from her days as an MDMA distributer. She thought that on an evolutionary level, being hungry should sharpen your senses because the urgent need for food would’ve made people into better hunters. She sat at the kitchen table and looked at the clock. She remained perfectly still for exactly 20 minutes.

The young woman who’d delivered the Chinese food was named Patty. She told Marin they were headed to Pomona College and Marin was glad. The long drive would give them ample opportunity to make sure they weren’t being followed.
Patty chatted nervously as she drove, talking about how she’d recently joined an armed security force that operated out of a gay club in Encino. “They’re popping up all over the country.” She said. “Interconnected groups of club security who’ve had to militarize in response to the violence.”
It was all news to Marin. “I guess it makes sense…” She said.
“It’s an army.” Patty said. “And they’re with us. The men in my unit were horrified by Three Forks. They know I’m in the Academy and they offered to help.”
“Men? Let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.” Marin said.
When they got to Pomona, Patty parked in the student lot and led Marin to one of the newer buildings. She opened the door with a key and they went down some stairs to the basement. It was a large room full of desks with computers on them and a wall of electronics inside a metal cage —all humming at different frequencies and decorated with blinking red and white lights.
There were four other people in the room, Raiders, another young woman who Marin took to be a student like Patty, and two tough women dressed in black. Raiders introduced the duo as Last Crusade and Batman respectively. Batman frisked Patty and Last Crusade took Marin’s backpack off and patted her down. She unzipped the bag and took out the video in the horror case. She handed it to the girl that hadn’t been introduced.
“Were you followed?” Raiders asked.
“No.” Marin said. “What are we doing in a computer lab? Shouldn’t we be making dubs?”
“We are.” Raiders said. “Natasha here is going to digitize the video so we can post it on bulletin boards.”
“So people can what? Get the video through their telephone lines and watch it on computers?” Marin asked.
“That’s right, anywhere in the world.” Raiders said. “Once it’s digitized and we get it up on all the major boards, we’ll start making physical copies.”
“And what are the plans for those?” Marin asked.
“You’re the marketing genius, you tell me.” Raiders said.
“I think going straight to the media would draw heat. How many copies can we make?”
Raiders looked at the girl behind the computer who she’d called Natasha.
“Depends.” The girl said. “How long’s the video?”
“22 Minutes.” Marin said.
Natasha did some quick calculations. “We have ten VCRs attached to our master player, so with an extra three minutes for rewind and reload…that’s ten videos every twenty-five minutes. Turning it into an MPEG file should take about six hours, so if we start at 4:00 AM and go till eight o’clock, that’s…” She blinked a couple of times. “90 copies with 15 minutes left over.”
“Do we have that many blanks?” Patty asked.
“Yeah.” Natasha said. “The school just got a shipment of 200. They’re in a box in the AV supply closet.”
“That should be enough to get us started.” Marin said. “Everyone knows about this documentary because of Mamma J, but they also know that the federal government tried to suppress it. That’s perfect publicity for what we’re going to do —underground punk distribution. It’ll get shared and copied, believe me. It’s way better than that tape of Casey Kacem swearing.”
“What’s on there?” Raiders asked.
“Reclamation.” Marin said.
“I don’t know what the fuck that means.” Raiders said. “I say we watch the thing before we start digitizing it. We should know what it’s all about shouldn’t we?”
They agreed and Natasha put the tape into the VCR. All six of them crowded in, focused on the monitor.
TWO MONTHS LATER
Marin’s cutout was a 17 year old boy from West Covina named Mark. Mark the social outcast, Mark the straight-edge punk, Mark with the car, a 1984 Honda hatchback that he would think nothing of driving all the way down to Hollywood or Long Beach for a show. Mark who said his favorite movie was Evil Dead 2 before he saw the Reclamation video. Mark thought Marin’s name was Linda— ‘Aunt Linda’ was what he called her in his unconsciously condescending teen-male manner. Marin figured she could trust him not to say what little he knew if he got picked up by the cops because he saw himself as fiercely anti-authoritarian. Besides, what leverage would they have on him really? It wasn’t like they could threaten him with a ten-year stretch —all he was doing was selling videotapes outside raves and hardcore shows. He’d told Marin that if they arrested him for selling videotapes, he’d call the ACLU.
“I just heard the news.” He said that Tuesday afternoon. Marin set a box of 100 videos into the trunk of his car. They were in the parking lot of a Vons supermarket not far from his parent’s house. “I’m sorry. This must be a really shitty day for you.”
“Why, what are you talking about?”
“Mary Jimenez.” Mark said. “Didn’t you know? She’s dead. She hung herself in her jail cell.”
“This was on the news?”
“Yup. They said she’d been depressed since Three Forks.”
“Don’t be stupid Mark, she didn’t kill herself. She was silenced.”
“They said she left a note.”
Marin scoffed. “They say a lot of things. Take twenty of these to that comicbook shop on Ventura. The rest can go to whatever shows or parties you’re hitting.”
Marin left the meeting shook. Official lines of communication were down, but she had assumed it was just a temporary security measure. Now the silence from the Mother-House seemed more ominous. She saw a payphone in front of a Del Taco and pulled into the lot. She called Raiders to see if she’d heard the bad news. Uncharacteristically, Raiders told her to come over.
“It’s worse than I thought.” She said when Marin came into her tiny apartment. “I talked to one of my contacts in Phoenix and she told me everyone in her chapter had either been arrested on trumped-up charges or has disappeared without a trace. This is a woman who used to be the director of the School of Law at the University of Arizona, now she sleeps with a handgun under her pillow. She asked me for marching orders like I was the Mother-House.”
“We’re winning the propaganda war, at least with the youth.” Marin said. She sat on the couch and stretched out. “Everyone seems to know about Reclamation.”
“Sure, but what good does it do?” Raiders asked. “The documentary doesn’t give us enough information to actually do it, and all the doctors who knew were massacred in Three Forks. Even if we could somehow find the unpublished poem with the instructions in it, we don’t have a code-breaker of Vanessa Slang’s caliber.”
“Did you hear what the Senate did?” Marin asked.
“You mean the Three Forks Commission?”
“No, this was more recent.” Marin said. “They made Reclamation illegal. Of course they didn’t call it Reclamation, they don’t even know what the hell that is. They just made the process that turns women into giants illegal. They passed a law against the result without knowing the cause. It’s astounding. I heard a senator speculate that doctors had been artificially exciting pituitary glands with gorilla hormones. It’s fucking ridiculous.”
“Their fear is a good sign.” Raiders said. “I just wish we could do what the documentary promises and start opening Reclamation centers somehow.”
“Yeah me too.” Marin said.
“But I guess we should be grateful for what we’ve got. I mean, it’s a strong little cadre…”
“Yeah,” Marin said, “and I always wanted to be part of a mobile propaganda unit.”
Raiders smiled. “Funny you should say that… I’ve been thinking it might be time to mobilize.”
“You want to bug out?”
“What about Seattle?” She asked. “We can start pushing Reclamation tapes up there and we’d be right next to the Canadian border if things got hairy. What do you think?”
“To be honest, I’m out of money.” Marin said. “I don’t have enough cash on hand to get across town let alone up to Seattle. And what about those college kids? You’re counting them as part of our cadre, but they’re not even Kibelians yet. They’re still technically second-schoolers.”
“This is war,” Raiders said, “we can deputize them in the field. As for our finances, we’ll be fine. I just visited an old friend who happens to be a chemist and I called in a favor. There’s a Dubtribe show this weekend and I’ve got a thousand hits of the best ecstasy money can buy…”

The End



Epilogue
“There are lots of poets out there.” The man behind the desk said. “I think choosing a poet for your final paper is a great idea, it’s just that Mary Jimenez is so controversial.” Afternoon light flooded through the large windows in the professor’s office, but the room still felt claustrophobic.
“Controversial to who?” Alicia asked.
“Well, controversial to the administration if they hear about it.” He said. “Remember, it’s not just between you and me. You’ll have to present it to the class, and if even one student complains...” He shrugged. “I understand that Mary Jimenez must hold a certain allure for a young woman of your disposition, but ultimately she was a cult-leader. Have you read any Sylvia Plath?”
“I’m not interested in Sylvia Plath.” Alicia said.
“I have to strongly discourage you from writing about Mary Jimenez. I would say the same thing to a student who wanted to study the paintings of Adolph Hitler…”
“Wait a minute!”
“Not to say…”
“You can’t compare…”
“No, I’m not drawing equivalencies, I just mean that you’re opening a can of worms.”
“I’m going to have to address complicated moral and ethical questions, is that it?”
He smiled at her attempt to box him in. “People’s reactions will be predetermined before they ever hear what you have to say.”
“This is a university!” Alicia said. “The complications are exactly what made me want to chose her as my subject!”
“Well…” He shook his head. “I admire that. I really do. I can’t in good conscience forbid you from writing about her, but I’d like to see a draft before the final due date. And you should know that if you write an uncritical portrait —if you fail to present both the good and bad sides of her legacy— then you won’t receive a good grade.”

She was eager to share the news with Melanie, her co-worker at Zombo’s Records. Mel had showed up for work high again, and she was perched precariously on the stool behind the counter. She was busy licking the pineapple lip-gloss off her lips as she listened to Alicia. “You should write about how she was murdered in jail.” Mel said.
“I have to stay on solid ground with any claims I make.” Alicia said. “I don’t know if I could back that up with any actual evidence.”
“Did you ever read what was supposed to be her suicide note? I mean come on… She never mentions the word ‘suicide’ in it.” A boy, about fifteen years old, eyed them nervously from the magazine rack. Mel groaned. “WHAT DO YOU WANT?” She yelled at him.
He jumped, then tried to laugh it off and approached the two slightly older women. “Hi.” He said. “I uh… I heard that you guys sell the Reclamation video here?”
“We only sell that to women.” Mel said.
“Oh shit, really?” He stared at her blankly for a minute.
“No, it’s twenty dollars.” Alicia said. “Twenty even.”
The boy fumbled around with his wallet and got a twenty dollar bill out. He gave it to Alicia and she took a tape from under the desk and handed it to him.
“If anyone asks where you got that,” Mel said, “keep the name Zombo outta your fuckin’ mumbly-mouth.”
He looked like he was trying to think of a snappy comeback but couldn’t quite get there. His face reddened and he turned and walked off with his prize. “Where’d you read the suicide note?” Alicia asked.
“It was in Spin magazine.” Mel said. “The newspapers only quoted parts of it, but Spin printed the whole thing.”
“What month?”
“It was like three or four issues ago, the one with Neil Young on the cover.”
Alicia went into the office where there were stacks of magazines on a coffee table. She got the right Spin and flipped through the pages until she found it: a photograph of notebook paper covered in Mary Jimenez’s handwriting. Alicia read it as she came back out. “This is weird.” She said.
“Why?” Mel asked.
“I’ve read all her books, and she never writes like this. It’s never a direct address to the reader, stating explicitly what she means. She only ever gets a tiny bit prosey —even in her introductions. If she was going to kill herself, she wouldn’t pick that day to change her whole writing style. Plus it’s corny. You can call her a lot of things, but she was never corny… Listen: ‘My soul is at peace because Reclamation is out in the world. If they crush the Kibelian movement, Reclamation will survive because it’s everywhere now.’ Here’s where it gets really stupid, ‘It’s in mundane transactions in grocery store checkout aisles, it’s in the way a mother comforts her child, it’s in the way a fish flexes its gills.’ This stuff doesn’t sound like her at all!”
“It’s her handwriting though.” Mel said. “They had an expert analyze it. What else is Reclamation in? Is it in the way a butt poops?”
“Seriously, it goes on like that for a while. Listen: ‘it’s in the cover-art of a number one hit record, it’s in the graffiti on the walls of abandoned buildings.’ I wonder what the number one record was when she wrote this…”
“Look it up.” Mel said. “She died in September, so it would be in the October Rolling Stone.”
Alicia went back to the office and came out frowning. “Some Gave All. Billy Ray Cyrus.”
“Maybe we should look at that cover-art and see if Reclamation’s in there.”
“No,” Alicia said, “but check out what’s number one on the singles chart for that month.” She shoved the magazine in Mel’s face.
“Maniac by Missy and the Murderers.” Mel said.
“Remember that rumor that Missy LeGrand was part of the Kibele cult?”
“That was an urban legend.” Mel said. “She denied it.”
Alicia put down the magazine and walked out to the pop singles bin. She found the Maniac 12-inch and looked at it. “You believe in conspiracy theories?” She asked. She tossed the record onto the counter in front of her friend. “Check it out.”
Mel looked at it. “What?” She asked.
Alicia came around and pointed at the bottom of the record sleeve. “The marionette is dancing on a bunch of letters.” She said. “Why?”
“Because it looks cool?”
“It doesn’t look cool at all!” Alicia said. “And check out the back, it’s the lyrics for Strictly Colossus. The single is Maniac, why’d they put the lyrics for the B-side song on the cover? It’s a code. The letters on the front are part of it.”
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“If you have a secret message you want to send, you scramble up all the letters and make a shorter message —in this case, the song lyrics. You put the extra letters you didn’t use somewhere nearby as a heads-up that the whole thing’s a code.”
“You think there’s a hidden message from Mary Jimenez on this record sleeve?” She pursed her lips and raised her eyebrows at her friend.
“I can figure this out!” Alicia said. “Look, the capital letters are all in weird places, that’s a clue. And down here, see this little string of numbers at the bottom?”
“That’s from the record press.” Mel said. “It’s a batch-number or something.”
“No it isn’t,” Alicia said, “look how long it is. And there’s commas and periods in there. It’s the sentence structure of the hidden message.” She got a notebook from her backpack and opened it to a blank page. “I can do this Mel, I can decode it. Gimme a fuckin’ pen!”
About Benjamin Broke

Benjamin Broke is the pseudonym of an author who lives in Pittsburgh and works two jobs. His novels are free to download in ebook form at most online retailers. Some of his novels are available in paperback—those cost a little money. Please buy or download more of his work, it would make him happy.

Connect with Benjamin Broke
Website: benjaminbroke.com
Email: bennybroke@gmail.com
Cell: (412) 512-7732
Also by Benjamin Broke

Helena
When a yeti named Mawei hears a car crash on a mountain road in Northern California, she decides to investigate. The wheels are still spinning on the half-crushed, upside down car at the bottom of the gorge. A man and woman have been killed in the wreck, but their child is alive and unharmed, hanging from a car seat in the back. Her name is Helena.
With a snowstorm on the way, Mawei knows that the little girl won't survive on her own. An ancient rule of yeti culture forbids contact with humans, but she takes the child anyway. How hard could it be to get the child back to the world of the humans?
It turns out to be a lot harder than Mawei thought, and when the wrong yetis find out what she's up to, the race is on to get the little human to safety before they catch up to her...

Animal Theater
UFO cults, mass suicides, clones, designer drugs, brain-implants, propaganda, mind control, war, politics, and conspiracies big and small—this collection contains all 20 previously published Second Civil War stories. In the chaotic aftermath of a complete economic collapse, the American people turn to a right-wing political movement, the Christian Nationalist Party, to restore order. When the western states refuse to enact some of the party's harsh new anti-terror measures, the military moves in, setting off a long and bloody civil war. This series of short stories explores the impact of the war on the lives of people from every level of society.

Insurgents
How far would you go to help a friend in trouble?
Ben Perkins might go so far as to risk his job, but with a friend like David Telano, in the kind of trouble he's in, he'll wind up risking his life. With the encouragement of his girlfriend Jessie, a 24 hour a day weed smoker, Ben is soon mixed up in a war that's going on just beneath the surface of his quiet Ohio town. On one side is a former newspaper editor, radicalized by the murder of her girlfriend, and on the other is a wealthy businessman running a drug-smuggling operation from a private airfield. In between them is Ben, who starts out trying to help a friend but ends up just trying to stay out of jail and continue breathing.

Spacecraft
This is not a book -it’s a scam.
It’s the story of Nick, a seventeen year old weed-smoking, acid-eating, suburban nihilist dropout who accidentally stumbles across an idea that is truly revolutionary. In this text you will find arguments against art, money, sobriety, religion, education, and the rule of law.
This is Benjamin Broke’s first novel and it is deeply flawed and wrong on many levels. You should begin downloading it immediately.
