The Battle for Europa
BY
David Donaghe




The Battle for Europa
David Donaghe
Published by David Donaghe at smashwords.com
New 2022 Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2013




This eBook is for your enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please buy another copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not buy it, please go to your eBook retailer and buy another copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Thank you for downloading this eBook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author. You may not distribute it to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download additional copies. Thank you for your support.

Disclaimer

All characters in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead is coincidental.




Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
The Battle for Mars Sample Chapters
About the Author
Other Books by David Donaghe


Chapter 1

Shawn Gallagher and John Wilson sat in an atmospherically contained tracked vehicle looking out at the icy planes of Europa. They breathed in the sterile smell of recycled air. “Did you tell him about the guns?” Wilson asked rubbing the scruffy whiskers on his chin.
Shawn laughed, looking out the windshield with a pair of night-vision goggles. “It’s kind of hard to start a war without guns.”
John yawned. “Does he know about the vehicles? We’ll need armored main battle tanks.”
Shawn shrugged brushing a strand of dark brown hair from his eyes. “He knows about the vehicles. You saw the list before I encrypted and transmitted it. I don’t think we forgot anything. With this, plus the equipment we have on Titan, we should be fine.”
John nodded. “How can he have that much equipment available? Who is this guy anyway?”
“He’s the best. I did some research on the VID-net. Most smugglers have a legit freighting business covering their illegal activities. You have to dig deeper for certain things.”
“Yeah, but how can he come up with so much equipment with such little notice?” John asked.
Shawn laughed. “It's surprising what you can get with a suitcase full of gold. Let alone five of them.”
“True. Those hidden mining sites on Mars have been a Godsend for the movement.”
“Tell me about it. We wouldn’t have been able to finance our operations on Earth without the gold. You can trace a credit transaction, but when you hand a guy a bag of gold, no one knows but you and him,” Shawn said.
“Are you sure we’re doing the right thing?”
“You tell me. Do you still want to live under the thumb of the council? After our guys found those documents in the forbidden zone? Not to mention those old history books.”
John let out a sigh. “No. Some of our people died to retrieve those documents and they captured two others. Reading those documents only strengthened my resolve. Once we embark on this course of action, there’s no turning back.”
“Do you think they worried about that, six hundred years ago when they dumped all that tea into the Boston harbor? The council would throw us in a penal colony on the dark side of the moon if they knew we had those documents,” Shawn said.
“It is shocking, how much freedom those people had once they won their independence. They didn’t have to deal with a GI rating or implanted biochips. It said in their declaration, all men are, created equal.”
“They had their problems, but they were the freest nation on Earth for over three hundred years. If not for the Third World War, there would be no Council of Economic Unions. The United States still would be the freest nation on Earth.”
“The Forbidden Zone. That’s another crock of Shit. They claim it’s hot with radiation, but that’s a lie. DC may be in ruins, but it’s not hot. Our people found that out,” John said.
“The council doesn’t want people digging in the ruins. They’re afraid of what they might find.”
“This guy’s not gonna show.”
Shawn noticed a light in the sky descending toward the surface. “You worry too much. He has a reputation as being a straight shooter. Just don’t cross the son of a bitch. Here he is now.”
***
Ludwig Von Wolf’s luxury yacht broke orbit with Jupiter, descending toward the icy moon. At the same time, Shawn looked across the driver’s compartment at his friend, John. His mind flashed back to when they served together in the Federal Defense Forces. He took Shawn under his wing and helped him fit into the unit when he first arrived, fresh out of boot camp. At that time, Shawn was only eighteen years old. John was four years older and he took an instant liking to the young man. A bond of friendship formed and Shawn began to look upon John as an older brother. It was John, who first approached him about joining the resistance. Even now, ten years later, I still think of John as an older brother.
An instant of doubt and indecision passed through Shawn’s brain. I hope I’m doing the right thing. I hope I’m not setting the wheels in motion that will lead to my best friend’s death. They watched the lights in the sky grow larger. Ludwig's yacht descended toward the surface. Shawn smiled looking into John’s dark brown eyes. “Let's step outside and meet our guest?”
“Let’s do it,” John said rubbing his hand through his short blond hair.
Shawn pressed the com button on the dashboard of the Land Rover. He spoke to the men in the vehicles parked behind him. “Attention people. Suit up. I want this equipment moved to site D as soon as it’s unloaded. If Consolidated security catches us out here we’re screwed.” He climbed out of the driver’s seat and stood in an aisle way between the two seats in the driver’s compartment. He turned and stepped through a doorway into the cargo area of the Land Rover. On his left and right were two small gray doors that led to the airlocks. Shawn turned to a storage cabinet lining the bulkhead and took out an EVA suit plus a pair of gravity boots. John opened an adjacent locker. He took out another EVA suit and another pair of gravity boots. They sat down on an aluminum bench setting next to the lockers and suited up.
Shawn put on his suit’s helmet. “Check my seals.”
John stepped up behind him. He placed his hands over the vents that allowed carbon monoxide to vent from the suit. “Take a breath.” Shawn took in a deep breath. “Now exhale.” Shawn breathed out. “Your seals are fine. Turn around and I’ll check your oxygen tanks.” Shawn turned around. “Your tanks are full. Do, me.” John put on his helmet.
Shawn checked his seals and his oxygen tanks. “Let’s do a com check.” He turned a small black dial on the neck of his suit, and the com-link came to life.
“I’m reading you five by five.”
“You’re coming in clear as well.” Shawn pressed a button next to the door on his right. The door receded into the wall and they stepped into the airlock. The inner door closed, they heard a slight hiss of air and he pressed the red button next to the door in front of him. The exterior door slid open and they stepped out onto the surface.
The miners, who had been riding in the vehicle’s cargo bay, exited the rear airlock. Ten men labored carrying five bulky aluminum storage containers. It took two men, one on each end of each container, to carry them. Shawn stepped away from the Land Rover and began to shout orders over his com-link. “Set those down here.” He pointed to an area well away from the vehicles while other men exited the vehicles behind them. “As soon as we do this deal, I want everything moved to site D before Consolidated Security makes a flyby. Let’s step lively.” Shawn activated the night vision feature on his suit’s helmet. His eyes turned skyward. He watched, Ludwig’s luxury yacht and three large cargo vessels descending to the surface. They stepped away from the vehicles waiting for the small fleet to land. The off-duty miners gathered around them, watching Ludwig’s yacht touchdown. A loud whine, came from the cargo vessel’s engines when they powered down. Bits and pieces of ice flew up off the ground forming a white cloud. They dissipated when the three cargo vessels touched down. They set behind a smaller, sleek-looking black space cruiser.
The men standing on the surface heard a slight hissing sound and a ramp extended, lowering to the ground. An airlock opened. Three men wearing black EVA suits carrying shoulder-fired weapons lumbered down the gangplank. They headed over to where Gallagher and Wilson stood. The three men stopped with three feet of space separating the two groups of men. The taller man standing in the center seemed nonchalant. The other two held their rifles at the ready position.
“Which one of you swinging dicks is Shawn Gallagher?” the man standing in the middle asked using a heavy German accent.
“That would be me,” Shawn said.
“Did you bring the gold?”
“Did you bring the guns?”
“Ya, I brought the guns, plus all the other items on your list.”
“Then I brought the gold.”
“Have your men bring the gold on board my ship. After I check the gold, you may check the guns. If everything is good, we make the deal.”
Shawn motioned to the men who had unloaded the gold from his Land Cruiser. They picked up the aluminum containers. They followed Ludwig and his employees up the boarding ramp. Ludwig opened the outer airlock and they stepped in. The men carrying the gold crammed into the airlock with them. They set the aluminum containers holding the gold down on the deck. The ship’s oxygen tanks filled the airlock with breathable air. The needle of the gage on the wall near the ceiling went from red to green.
“You may remove your helmets,” Ludwig said, taking off his black helmet to reveal a baldhead. Shawn noticed a jagged scar running across Ludwig’s forehead. They removed their helmets. “After your men deliver the gold to my study, have them leave the vessel. Three others besides yourself may stay.”
Shawn hung his helmet on a hook inside the airlock. “That’s fine.”
“This way gentlemen,” Ludwig said, stepping up to the interior door of the airlock. The door slid open and Ludwig stepped into a hallway covered with plush blue carpet. Shawn followed. He glanced to his left, noticing a narrow hallway that ended at a set of steps. The steps descended to a lower circular deck comprising the ship’s bridge. “This way if you will.” Ludwig led them to their right and down the corridor. He stopped at a doorway on his left. Shawn admired the thick oak door with its brass fixtures. It must be nice to live in the lap of luxury. He followed Ludwig into his study. John stepped in behind them. The men carrying the gold, struggling with the weight, entered the room.
“Here is fine,” Ludwig said, motioning to a place in the center of the floor and the men set down their burdens.
“John you stay,” Shawn said, motioning to two other men. “You two stay, the rest of you can leave.” Shawn looked about taking in the interior of Ludwig’s study. Like the hallway, plush blue carpeting covered the deck. A black leather couch set against a bulkhead in front of them. Two black leather chairs were set facing the couch. A large video screen occupied the entire wall to their rear. Behind the black leather chairs, a long mahogany bar set against the bulkhead to their left. What fascinated Shawn the most was the books. Bookshelves, with old leather-bound books, took up the bulkhead to their right.
“Let's have a look at that gold,” Ludwig said.
Shawn turned, motioning to one of the miners that had stayed behind. “Open ’em up. Let’s get this done before Consolidated Security makes a flyby.”
“Not to worry. I paid them off. We’ve all the time in the world,” Ludwig said. The two miners, who had helped carry the gold, went to work unlatching and removing the container’s lids. They watched them remove the lid of the first container. Several stacks of shiny, solid gold bars set neatly stacked inside the container. Ludwig let out a low whistle, looked into each container, and then picked up a gold bar from one. Taking a penknife from his pocket, he shaved a flake from the gold bar.
“It is good. If they weren’t, you wouldn’t be leaving this vessel alive,” Ludwig said.
“I’m not out to screw anybody,” Shawn said.
“They do look pretty,” John said, trying to lighten the mood, and stared down at the gold bars.
“My friend, we have a deal,” Ludwig said motioning to his two guards. “Show these three to the galley. We still have some cold cuts and beer in the refrigerator. Mr. Gallagher and I are going to have a drink while we talk business.”
“John stays with me,” Shawn said.
“As you wish. Have a seat. I’ll have my frau fetch us a bottle of Vodka.” They sat down in two patented leather chairs facing the leather couch. Ludwig pressed a small button on the arm of the couch and a chime rang. A young oriental woman wearing a short leather dress stepped through a black door next to the bar carrying a tray with a bottle and three shot glasses. She smiled and handed them each a shot glass. Shawn caught a glance into a deep valley of cleavage when the woman bent over to pour the Vodka. She caught him looking, and gave him another smile causing him to blush.
“Thank you,” Shawn said, taking in her pretty face. He couldn’t help but admire her high cheekbones and her exotic look. The woman turned to fill John’s glass. Shawn’s eyes dropped to the tight fit of the rubber-like dress stretched across the woman’s bottom. “I still want to see the guns,” he said after the oriental woman filled Ludwig’s glass.
“That will be all for now, Yoko. Leave the bottle,” Ludwig said. Turning his attention to Shawn, Ludwig continued. “I can assure you, everything is satisfactory. I brought everything you asked for. Let’s have a drink first and talk business. To a long and prosperous relationship.” Ludwig held up his glass for a toast and they downed the shot. Shawn watched the oriental woman retreat through the door from where she came in. He sputtered.
“That has to be some of the best Vodka I’ve ever tasted. It must be a black market bottle.”
Ludwig smiled, nodded, and looked at Shawn’s face with his piercing blue eyes. “When I make a sale, I don’t ask the customer any questions. What a customer does with the merchandise is his business. With an order this large, and with you paying in gold, it makes me curious.”
Shawn smiled. “I researched you on the VID-net and then contacted a few people that did business with you. One thing they told me was that you never Welch on a deal and that you keep your mouth shut, so I’ll tell you.”
Ludwig nodded. “Did they also say that if you burn me, I kill you?”
“That too, but that will never happen.”
“Good. Now tell me.”
Shawn leaned back in his chair. “Twenty-four hours from now, we are going to call a miner’s strike. Both here in the Jovian system and on all our mining facilities on the moons revolving Saturn.”
“Interesting. Not too bright, but interesting. You don’t need this much armament for a strike.”
“The strike is a ruse to keep the Consolidated Security personnel busy. While they deal with a bunch of rowdy miners, we are going to seize the colonies on the moons of Jupiter and Saturn. We are going to declare independence from the Council of Economic Unions. We plan to form a new nation.”
Ludwig’s bottom jaw dropped. “Now I know you’re crazy. What is it you say in the North American Union? You have iron balls. How can I help?” This time Shawn’s jaw dropped in surprise and when he glanced at John, he saw a big smile spread across his face.
“We could pull this thing off after all,” John said.
“Why would you want to help us?” Shawn asked.
“It is obvious that you people are part of the resistance. Your movement sometimes receives anonymous credit donations. I have donated some sizable amounts. I support anyone or anything thing that causes problems for the Council of Economic Unions. If it weren’t for their high tax rates and their rules and regulations, I would not have to hide out in the asteroid belt. I would have a legitimate freighting business on Earth. They have reduced me to running guns and smuggling contraband. I resort to other illegal activities as well just to make some real money. So again, I ask, how can I help?”
Shawn paused for a moment. “We could use some ships. When we announce our independence, they’ll send federal forces.”
Ludwig laughed. “They’ll squish you like a bug.”
“By denying them the helium-3 and the hydrogen they might show some restraint,” John said. "Then there is the deuterium crystals that we mine."
“There’s also the methane gas on Triton and the water ice that we mine here,” Shawn said.
“That’s exactly why they’ll try to squash you like a bug. Ships I can get. They’re old battlecruisers and old PPF fast reaction vessels, but we can repair them. What else?”
“Half of our miners have served in the Federal Defense Forces, but their skills are rusty. We could use people to help train them. We could use people to help get the ships ready to confront the federal forces,” Shawn said.
“That I can do. I have a sizeable mercenary force available to me. They can help with your defense until you get your people and vessels up to speed. There are only three things I would ask,” Ludwig said spreading his arms apart.
“What would that be?” Shawn said.
“One is that you will make all payments in gold. I will be taking a sizable risk. Number two if you pull this thing off you allow me to move my base of operations here. Number three if you do succeed that you set the taxes at a low enough rate that an honest man can make a living.”
Shawn grinned. “All three of those terms are acceptable. There’s a lot more gold where this came from.”
“This calls for another toast,” Ludwig said, standing to his feet. He poured them each another shot of Vodka. They stood to their feet and Ludwig stuck out his hand. “Do we have a deal?” Shawn took his hand and Ludwig’s grip hardened. “If you betray me, I will kill you.”
Their eyes locked. “That won’t happen. I’m a straight shooter. I don’t promise things that I can’t deliver.”
“I believe you. Let’s have another shot and then go see your new equipment.”
Ludwig called his guards into his study to guard the gold. Ludwig led them, down the main corridor, and took the turbo lift down to the cargo bay. Inside the cargo bay set several metal containers. Ludwig unfastened the latches on the first container and opened it. Shawn looked down at the black, wicked-looking weapons.
Ludwig handed Shawn an M-23 Blaster. “We’ve got M-23 Blasters, P-38 hand-held Blasters, grenades, and rocket launchers. We have atmospherically contained body armor, ammo, and energy packs for the blasters. Plus we have some K-Bar knives. We have field dressings plus an assortment of other medical supplies. Everything on your list is here, except for the vehicles. They are in the cargo ships outside. You’ve got what you need to start a small war.”
“Sweet,” Shawn said, examining one of the shoulder-fired weapons.
“The M-23 fires your standard 223 round, plus explosive rounds. It sets off an explosive charge when the round penetrates a body. It also fires a laser beam powered by the energy packs. There is a selector switch on the right side of the handgrip.”
“I know, I used to have one of these when I was with the Federal Defense Forces,” Shawn said, handing him back the weapon. Ludwig opened the rest of the containers and showed them the rest of the equipment. After examining the rest of the merchandise, he closed up the containers.
“I’ll have my people unload this stuff. Let’s go see the vehicles.”
Ludwig led them back to the turbo lift. They rode up to the main deck, entered the airlock, and put on their helmets. Dressed in their EVA gear, they went to the cargo ship setting behind Ludwig’s yacht. They made their way up the entrance ramp through the airlock and onboard the cargo vessel. Ludwig took them to the cargo bay. Along the way, they passed several crewmen and women. They dressed in black uniforms as they went about their business. Shawn let out a low whistle. They viewed the long line of military vehicles occupying the cargo bay.
“We have your basic armored, atmospherically contained main battle tanks. They're old, but they’re in good shape. I’ve added extra armor. The other vessels are your basic fast attack tracked armored personnel carriers. They are all-purpose atmospherically contained vehicles. Is everything satisfactory?”
“Very much so,” Shawn said.
“How soon will you want the ships?”
“As soon as you can get them to us. We still have some gold stockpiled here on Europa. We’re expecting another shipment in a week or two,” Shawn said.
Ludwig smiled. “I give you six months after you make your declaration before the federals attack. The schedule will be tight, but I’m sure we can get it together. I’ll contact my mercenary forces as soon as we’re in space. I’ll get a security force in place as soon as possible. When I secure the ships, I’ll contact you on a secure com-net. I’d like you to come to see my base of operations in the belt. I’ll even cook you dinner.”
“I’d enjoy that,” Shawn said.
“I’ll send you the coordinates once I have secured the ships. Then you can come to view your new fleet. We’ll mix business with pleasure.”
“Great. Let’s get this stuff unloaded,” Shawn said. They shook hands and went to work. For the next hour and a half, the miners helped Ludwig’s people unload the cargo. Once they unloaded the vessels, the miners gathered around. They watched the ships lift off the surface of Europa. A cloud of ice particles flew into the atmosphere.
“We did it,” John said through the com-link of his EVA suit.
“That was the easy part. After tomorrow it gets dangerous.”
“Yeah. We’d best get this stuff up to site D,” John said.
“Let’s move people! Let’s get this equipment loaded and get these vehicles out of here ASAP!” Shawn yelled. The off-duty miners scrambled to load the equipment into the vehicles. They headed to an old abandoned mining site in a remote area to the southwest of the main colony. A half-hour later, a Consolidated Security shuttle flew over. The pilot noticed the indentations on the surface where the ships had landed. He saw the tracks in the ice where several vehicles had headed southwest. The pilot shrugged and told the co-pilot to make a notation in the logbook.
***




Chapter 2

Fireworks lit up the night sky over the harbor in San Diego California. Loud music emanated from a floating barge a quarter-mile offshore. The class of 2358 of Woodrow Wilson high school celebrated their graduation on the barge. Smoke drifted across the water. A neo-pop band had their guitars and symphonizes cranked up high doing a rendition of an old hip-hop song. Neo-pop was the latest craze in music. It was a mixture of older styles. It combed rock and roll, new wave, and hip-hop. It also mixed in a bit of rap, and country with modern computer-generated sounds.
David Gallagher looked out at the large naval vessels looming in the darkness. They lay at anchor on the other side of the harbor. He zipped up his coat. Fireworks lit up the night; David glanced up and smiled. He thought he would remember this night forever: June 15th, 2358. His mind drifted to his brother Shawn and wondered how he was doing. He hadn’t seen Shawn in eight years. He'd only had a few video transmissions and text messages on the VID-net. He had not been in his brother’s presence since Shawn graduated high school.
After high school, Shawn, like most young men with low GI ratings, received his draft notice. He entered the Federal Defense Forces. Shawn served on a Planetary Patrol Force vessel. He spent a few years chasing smugglers, gunrunners, and pirates. When they weren’t involved in either one of those endeavors, the PPF patrolled the solar system. They responded to any emergency that might arise. The PPF was a fast reaction force. It had smaller and faster vessels than the Federal Defense Force's main battle fleet.
David felt a soft hand run down his back. He caught a whiff of perfume and felt the soft caress of a female breast against his arm.
“I bet you thought this day would never come?” Annie Dupree said, having to yell over the loud music. David breathed in the smell of the sea. He looked over at the beautiful young woman standing next to him. He couldn’t figure out how he had managed to land the best-looking girl in high school. One time he asked her why she hung out with him, but Annie laughed and said, “It beats the hell out of me.”
He glanced at her red dress, made from a rubber-like material that form-fitted to her body. It accented her curves. David felt a stirring sensation in his loins when he noticed the amount of cleavage the dress revealed. The hem of the dress stopped three inches below her crotch. It revealed her long tanned shapely legs. Her long red hair hung down below her ass. He finally managed to get it together and looked into her emerald green eyes.
“It seems like I’ve been at that place forever. I can still remember when my mom and dad dropped me off at the gate. I stood there on the sidewalk with my bags shaking like a leaf and watched them drive away.”
“That’s when I showed up.”
“Yep. Good old Annie Dupree to the rescue. You took me under your wing, showed me the way to the administration building, and helped me get settled.”
Alonzo Garcia stepped up and grabbed David’s other arm. “Hey bro! Have another beer!” Alonzo yelled, handing them each a bottle. “Annie. How did you do on your GI test? Did you get into AI school?”
Anne beamed, letting out a wild whoop. “You better believe it. I scored an eight on the test. I received a message from the Advanced Artificial Intelligence Research and Development College! I got in! I’m going to New York City! What about you guys? You wanted to go to trade school didn’t you Alonzo? I know David wants into the robotics school in New Chicago. He’ll work on the bodies and I’ll work on the brains.”
“I haven’t heard anything yet. I applied to a holographic tech school in Denver but I only scored a six on the test. I guess you know where I’m headed,” Alonzo said, sounding dejected.
“You never know. They still may let you in. What about you David?” Annie asked.
“I scored a six-point five. Why even make us take that stupid one hundred-question written test? Why does everything hinge on your genetics? Why not take a hair sample and let it go at that? It’s a shame that the council puts such an emphasis on the GI ratings. It shouldn’t keep you from getting into the school that you want to go to!” David said.
“I’m sure the council knows what’s best!” Annie said.
Two young girls stepped up to Annie’s side and one took her arm. “Let’s dance Annie! There are a lot of cute boys here,” one of the girls yelled and let out a gaggle. Annie joined her friends. They headed to the center of the barge where a crowd of teen-aged young people danced. David and Alonzo turned watching the girls leave. Their eyes roved the crowd taking in all the good-looking females. Most of them wore rubberized dresses of various colors. Most of the dresses form-fitted to their bodies. Others wore loose-fitting gowns made of a thin fabric that clung to every crack and crevice. One girl wore a silver metallic suit that looked like body armor.
“There sure are some good-looking ladies here tonight. I hope they get liquored up and we get lucky,” Alonzo said.
“Stranger things have happened,” David said. They had been friends from grade school. Alonzo stood five feet six inches tall and weighed two hundred pounds. He had coal dark eyes, chubby cheeks, and a potbelly, but what David liked most about Alonzo was his sense of humor. David stood two inches taller than his friend and weighed thirty-five pounds less. Turning from the crowd, they strolled out to the edge of the barge looking out into the ocean.
“You know they won’t let us into any good school with low ratings,” Alonzo said.
David brushed a strand of reddish-blond hair out of his eyes. He took a drink from his beer and turned his piercing blue eyes to his friend. “I know. It’s the Federal Defense Forces for us.”
“I hope they put us into the same unit. Where do you think we’ll do boot camp?”
“It depends upon which branch we go into. If we’re with the Fleet Marines, we’ll do boot camp on the moon. If they assign us to the surface Navy, it could be here in San Diego, San Francisco, New Chicago, or somewhere in Europe. If we go into the Army, it could be Texas or Kentucky.”
“At least we’re out of this shit hole. Being in the Federal Defense Forces won’t be so bad,” Alonzo said.
“Yeah, like that recruiting commercial. Join the fleet and see the solar system. It’s not a job, it’s a grand adventure.”
The graduation party wound down and small robotic ferryboats approached from the shore. They docked with the floating barge, rocking with the waves and the spray from the waves hit David in the face. A cold sea breeze caused goosebumps to form up, on his arms and he felt a chill run through his body. The students formed up into a line to board the small ferryboats that would take them back to the mainland. The first three boats filled up with half-drunken graduates. It pulled away from the barge and headed toward the docks. David jumped into the fourth boat, but then turned around and helped Annie down to join him.
“Thank you, kind sir,” Annie said. Alonzo and one of Annie's girlfriends jumped down behind them and they found seats at the front. David took off his jacket and draped it over Annie’s shoulders. “I was freezing.”
“Don’t mention it. That sea breeze gets a bit chilly at night.”
“Enjoy it while you can. It might be a long time before we see Diego again after tonight,” Alonzo said.
“I know I’m gonna miss San Diego. I love going to the beach,” Annie said.
“I’m gonna miss all the California girls,” Alonzo said. Annie’s girlfriend elbowed him in the side.
“Speaking of California girls,” David said bumping Annie in the arm with his elbow, “I’m going to miss this one. Why don’t you come with me to my room and make my last night at Woodrow Wilson High a memorable one?” A big grin crossed David’s face and Alonzo let out a whoop looking at Annie’s girlfriend sitting next to him.
“Now that’s a plan sweetheart. I got cold beer on the ice at my place,” Alonzo said.
Anne smiled. “I would think that being in my presence would be memorable enough, but who knows? If you’re nice, I might rock your world.”
David laughed. “I’ll be a little angel.” The computer running the robotic ferry sensed that all the passenger seats were full. A deep computerized voice reverberated from the speakers at the control station.
“All passengers please remain seated and keep all body parts inside the vessel. Please pick up all your belongings when you leave. Congratulations graduates from the class of 2358.” A cheer rose from the boat as it pulled away from the barge.
“I’m gonna miss the sea,” Alonzo said sticking his hand out of the small boat and running it through the water. “Maybe I’ll join the Navy.”
“No way bro. It’s the Fleet Marines for you and me,” David said.
“You guys. You haven’t even received word from the schools you applied for. Maybe they accepted into robotics school David?” Annie said.
“Get real darling. Our GI ratings are too low,” Alonzo said.
“I don’t mind. I’m glad to be getting away from this place,” David said. After a ten-minute ride, the graduates piled out of the boat and meandered up the docks to the bus stop. David and Alonzo followed the crowd, along with Annie and her girlfriends. Charter buses set parked next to the curb waiting for the graduates to arrive. David watched the first two buses pull away from the curb. He found seats for their group toward the rear of the third bus. He glanced up at the holographic image of a bus driver. The driver dressed in a gray khaki uniform. He wore a short-brimmed ball cap on his head that appeared on a screen at the front of the bus.
“Congratulations graduates of the class of 2358. Remain in your seats and keep your valuables close at hand. ETA to Woodrow Wilson High School is twenty minutes,” the holographic bus driver said. His voice emanated from speakers mounted in the ceiling.
“Could you imagine what it must have been like to have a real, human driver?” Annie said.
“Or to drive your, own car? With the traffic on the city streets of San Diego nowadays? There would be major collisions every day,” David said. Annie snuggled up next to him and he put his arm around her.
“They drive themselves around on the colonies from what I hear. There are still some cars that have manual controls. The driver-assist programs take over if the driver loses control,” Alonzo said.
“Yeah, but the moon or Mars is not supposed to be as crowded as it is here,” David said.
“With the road sensors and the navigation systems we have now, traveling by car is safe. I read that back in the twentieth Century, car crashes were a common occurrence. I read that they sometimes had major pile-ups on the freeways. The wrecks killed scores of people,” Annie’s girlfriend said.
“You guys can have your automobiles. I’ll take a shuttle any day. You get there a lot faster. You don’t have to put up with the congestion on the streets,” Alonzo said while their bus pulled away from the curb.
“I don’t mind the traffic. I sit back, turn on the VID screen and watch a movie. My mom said that she might get me a car for a graduation present, but I won’t need one in New York City,” Annie said.
The bus took them through downtown San Diego. It passed between towering skyscrapers and traversed the business district. It left the business behind and head into the suburbs. The bus moved through traffic changing lanes when necessary and took the most direct route possible to Woodrow Wilson High. David and his friends sat back and watched the scenery. They enjoyed the loud excited conversations of their fellow graduates. The bus pulled up to the iron gates of the high school twenty-five minutes after leaving the bay.
A thin beam of green laser light shot out from the front of the bus. It made contact with the gate’s electronic eye and the gate opened sliding back on its track. The bus pulled onto the school grounds passing through various brick and stone buildings and followed a curving lane that took them into the heart of the campus. Evergreen trees lined the road. Grassy lawns occupied the space between the buildings. The bus pulled up to the curb in front of the housing center and the side door of the bus opened.
“Please take all your valuables with you. Thank you for choosing Consolidated Transportation,” the bus driver said.
After exiting the bus, they stood on the sidewalk for a few seconds and bid farewell to some of their friends.
David grinned. “Was I nice enough?”
Annie blushed. “You were nice. I’ll stay with you tonight. Who knows? We may not see each other ever again after tomorrow.”
Alonzo looked at Annie’s girlfriend with a big grin on his face; she blushed, nodding her head, and then took his arm. Alonzo let out a whoop. “Yes, there is a God!”
“Don’t let the campus political adviser hear you say that,” Annie said. David led them down the sidewalk and then down a stone pathway between the buildings. They came to the men’s senior dorm. The school administrators frowned on the girls spending the night in the boy’s dormitory. On the last night of school after graduation, they were lax on the rule. They figured that once the young people graduated from high school that they were adults and responsible for their, own actions.
David ran his right wrist over a scanning device mounted on the wall next to the front door of his dormitory. The scanner read the bar code in the biochip embedded underneath the skin of his wrist. The door opened and they stepped through.
“I’ll see you in the morning,” Alonzo said, suppressing a grin.
David laughed. “Not if I see you first. Don’t wear yourself out.” At the door to his room, David ran his wrist over the scan pad, mounted next to the door. A tiny red light on the door handle changed from red to green. He grabbed the door handle and opened the door.
“Hello, David,” a seductive female voice coming from the room said. The lights went from dim to bright when they stepped into the room.
“Hello Grace,” David said.
“Oh. I see you’ve brought a guest,” the voice coming from the room’s computer said. “Will she be staying the night?”
“Yes, she will Grace. Don’t be a bitch.”
Annie let out a giggle. “I see you’ve got one of those systems.” For a few seconds, Annie took in the small room. She noticed its dark brown carpeting as well as its small food, and beverage dispenser. It had a small video screen. It wasn’t much different from her room, except for the posters of prominent sports figures on the walls.
“Don’t tell me you don’t have the male counterpart.”
Annie’s face turned red. “I didn’t say that.”
“Grace this is Annie Dupree. Annie this is Grace. Grace, be nice.”
“David you received a transmission on the VID screen from the Council of Academic Studies. They marked it urgent.”
“Thank you Grace,” David said and headed across the room to the widescreen mounted on the far wall. It served as a computer, videophone, and television. It also provided access to the Video-net. He sat down in a black office chair setting behind a small wooden desk in front of the screen. He spoke into the small microphone setting on the desk in front of the screen.
“Play flash message marked urgent.”
A text message flashed across the screen. APPLICATION TO ROBOTICS TECHNOLOGY SCHOOL IN NEW CHICAGO ILLINOIS DENIED. LOW GI RATING. TOO MANY APPLICANTS TO MAKE AN EXCEPTION. END FLASH MESSAGE.
“Damn. I knew they wouldn’t let me in. Play channel five.” He crossed the room and sat down on a black synthetic leather couch with Annie.
“I’m sorry they didn’t let you into robotics school,” Annie said taking his face in her hands. She kissed him on the lips. The sound coming from the VID screen’s speakers blared violently hurting their ears.
“Knock it off, Grace! Lower volume to a comfortable level!” David yelled to the room’s computer. The sound coming from the VID screen lowered and a heavy sigh came from the room. David stood up and crossed the room to a small refrigerator. He took out a bottle of wine that he was saving for a special occasion and two wine glasses from a cabinet. David sat back down on the couch with Annie. He poured them each a glass of wine and they settled back to watch a movie.
“I love the video net,” Annie said. “I did a paper one time on its predecessor; they called it the internet back in the twentieth century. That was a far cry from what we have now. Could you imagine, having to use a keyboard for a term paper? They had a limited email system. They had apps on what they called cell phones. You could see a person in real-time on their small little screens and talk, but it was nothing like we have now. Now you can talk to anyone in the world or the solar system and look at them face to face on the screen in real-time.”
“It does have its downsides. The government can spy on you at will.”
“Can you imagine what a boring job that would be? I bet they only do random checks or check on people labeled as subversive,” Annie said.
They were watching a movie about the early colonization of the moon. The words: SPECIAL BULLETIN, flashed across the screen. The scene changed from the rocky surface of the moon to the icy planes of Europa. A woman wearing a white EVA suit stood facing a man, also wearing an EVA suit. In the background, people milled about in front of a domed structure at one of the mining facilities. You couldn’t see the faces of the man or the woman because of the protective helmets of their EVA suits. You could hear the men milling about in front of the mining facility yelling. Some of them waved their arms in the air.
“This is Helen Boxer from Solar One News. We’re here on Europa. The miners have announced a system-wide strike. It will affect Consolidated mining operations on the moons of Jupiter, and Saturn. This has never happened before. There has never been a system-wide strike in Consolidated’s history,” the woman said.
“Oh shit. My brother is on Europa,” David said.
“We have with us Shawn Gallagher, the second shift team leader here on Europa. Mr. Gallagher, why are the miners on strike?”
“If there’s trouble, Shawn will be in the middle of it. He was always in trouble with the political advisor in school. He never could go along with the program,” David let out a sigh, his cheeks turning red with embarrassment.
“The miners here on the moons of Jupiter suffer under harsh working conditions. So do our brothers harvesting Helium-3 from Jupiter’s atmosphere. It's the same with the miners on Mars, and Saturn’s moons. We work long hours for low pay. All we are asking for is fair wages and better working conditions,” Shawn said. His voice sounded muffled coming from the com-link on his EVA suit.
“I suppose you are aware that what you are doing is illegal? You risk spending the rest of your life on a penal colony on the dark side of Earth’s moon.”
“It’s time that people quit worrying about what’s legal and concentrate on what is right.”
“There you have it. This is Helen Boxer with Solar One News. Back to you Chris.” The scene changed on the viewscreen revealing the image of a middle-aged man at a news desk.
“It will be interesting to see how this plays out. We now return to our regular programming,” the newsman said. The scene on the VID screen changed back to the movie.
“Change to net news,” David said and the VID screen changed to the news channel.
A young blonde woman wearing a low-cut silver dress sat behind a news desk. She rehashed the story about the striking miners. After finishing her spiel about the miners, she went to another story. “Today President Bonelli announced that the Navy has commissioned a new fleet. They are deep space vessels and they will undergo space trials shortly. Their mission is to explore the Alpha Centauri system. They will also explore a recently discovered star system, known as Star System 237595. This fleet will seek to make the first contact with any, alien race that they may encounter and attempt to establish trade. They will also search for inhabitable worlds to expand Earth’s colonization to the stars. President Bonelli says that this mission may take twenty-five years or more to bear fruit. He says it will be worth the money and time spent if we can expand colonization to the galaxy.”
“This is an exciting time in history, Janis. With the new cold fusion reactors that they’ve built into these new ships, the stars are open for us to explore. Can you imagine it? To be the first people to leave the solar system?” a dark-headed man sitting next to the blonde said.
“I don’t think I’d want to leave my family and friends for the next twenty-five years. I’m sure some would jump at the chance to be on one of those ships,” Janis said.
“We have breaking news, Janis. Federal Defense Force ground troops caught three men in the forbidden zone. The penalty for entering the forbidden zone is death. Let’s go to our eye in the sky,” the dark-headed man said. The view on the VID screen changed revealing a city in rubble. Two soldiers stood over the bodies of three men lying on the ground in a puddle of blood. “I’ll try to contact the officers on duty via com-link. I have one now,” the dark-headed newscaster said. “Sir. Can you tell us what happened here?”
“We caught these individuals trying to steal and reproduce forbidden historical documents. They tried to steal other contraband. We found the documents plus several banned books in their possession. These individuals are a part of a group of terrorists known as the People’s Fist. They would try to take us back to the nationalistic system that caused World War Three. That nearly destroyed the planet. These people had arms and resisted arrest,” the officer in charge said. The scene on the VID screen changed back to the newsroom.
“I don’t know what they were thinking. The ruined city once known as Washington DC is radioactive. Aren’t they afraid of getting cancer?” Janis asked.
“If they were sane, they wouldn’t have anything to do with this so-called People’s Fist,” the newscaster said. 
“I don’t know how any sane individual could buy into that crap. Our system isn’t perfect, but it’s far better than going back to those archaic ways of the past. As far as I’m concerned, if you don’t support the system, then you shouldn’t reap any of its benefits. They should take those so-called freedom fighters out to the asteroid belt. They push them out of an airlock without the benefit of an EVA suit,” David said, glancing over at Annie.
“They have to be crazy to believe all that revolutionary crap anyway.”
“Do you want to watch the rest of the movie?” David asked.
Annie downed the rest of her wine. “Why don’t we take a quick shower and go to bed, before I lose my nerve or fall asleep.”
A slight grin crossed David’s face. “That’s the best offer I’ve had all day. Grace shut down the VID screen and shut yourself down for the evening.” The VID screen went black; a deep sigh came from the room. David took Annie’s hand and led her into the restroom. Annie touched a tiny button on the neck of her skintight dress and the gown loosened. She kicked off her shoes, slipped the dress over her shoulders, letting it slide to the floor, and stood in the nude.
“God you’re beautiful,” David said, letting out a sigh, and took in her hard succulent body. He took off his clothes and they stepped into the shower. David punched in some numbers on the shower’s keypad. He set the water temperature to medium-hot and set the shower to the gentle massage selection. The temperature of the water abruptly changed to ice cold. The selection went to vigorous massage causing Annie to let out a scream.
“Grace put the shower back the way it was and shut yourself down!”
Annie squealed. “Someone is jealous.” David enjoyed lathering up Annie’s wet, luscious, body for the next fifteen minutes. Her breasts were firm. Her nipples stood erect and her long wet hair hung down her back like a red vale covering her firm hard bottom. David’s manhood grew stiff. He pulled Annie to his chest, his hands found her breasts and their lips met in a passionate kiss. Finished in the shower, they headed back to the bedroom. David turned off the lights and they crawled between the covers. Annie climbed on top, guiding him into her moist center. David’s heart rate accelerated and he thrust up with his hips trying to keep up with her rhythm. Inside the dark living room, a flash message marked urgent appeared on the VID screen.
***
David awoke from a dead sleep due to the loud banging sound coming from the front door of his dorm room. It sounded as if someone was out there banging on the door with a sledgehammer. He reached over, touching the left side of the bed, but Annie was gone.
“Grace. Lights on,” he said and light exploded into the room. He saw a digital notepad set on the nightstand next to his bed. He touched the screen and read the following note: David. I had to catch an early bus. I had a wonderful night. Look me up on the VID-net when you get settled. Love you, Annie.
The pounding on the front door continued. David put on a pair of boxer shorts and staggered to the door rubbing sleep from his eyes. He opened the door and looked at a short blond-headed man in his early thirties. The man facing him was dressed in an urban camouflaged military uniform.
“What do you want?” David asked.
“Don’t you monkeys answer your mail? You are to report to San Francisco for induction into the Federal Defense Forces. You have a half-hour to shit, shower, and shave. Bring one set of clothes plus your shaving kit. The school will ship the rest of your things to your parents. The bus will be waiting at the curb in front of this dormitory. Don’t be late,” the military man said and moved down the hallway to the next door.
David jumped into the shower and let the water chase the cobwebs of sleep from his brain. Done with the shower, he hit the air-dry feature, and Jets of hot air hit his body drying him off. He dressed in a loose-fitting comfortable t-shirt, put on a pair of jeans and boots. Dressed, he went into the living room and sat down in front of the VID screen.
“Play flash transmission marked urgent.”
The following text message flashed across the screen: DATE 06-16 2358. URGENT MESSAGE. GREETINGS FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE NORTH AMERICAN UNION. YOU ARE TO REPORT TO SAN-FRANSICO CALIFORNIA. YOU HAVE BEEN INDUCTED INTO THE FEDERAL DEFENSE FORCES. FEDERAL DEFENSE FORCES WILL PROVIDE TRANSPORTATION. FROM THE DESK OF PRESIDENT SINCLAIR PRESIDENT NORTH AMERICAN UNION. END MESSAGE. David let out a sigh, stood to his feet, and went to the food and beverage station in the kitchen.
“Grace. I’d like a cup of coffee. You know how I like it.” A cup fell into the slot on the coffee machine and the hot liquid filled the cup. When the coffee finished brewing, he took the cup from the machine and took a sip from the hot liquid. The caffeine blast felt good to his tired body and the hot cup warmed his cold hands. He went into the bathroom, packed his shaving gear into a small carrying bag, and headed for the door. David stopped in the doorway.
“Goodbye, Grace.”
“Goodbye David.” She sounds sad. David made his way through a crowd of former students in the hallway and stepped outside. He stood in front of the dormitory, shivering from the cold, and looked about in surprise. More than three-quarters of the graduating seniors waited to board the military buses. About one-third of the inductees were female.
“It ain’t like we didn’t know this was going to happen,” Alonzo said, stepping up next to David.
“Yeah. I know. I’m surprised that so many students got drafted.”
“I heard only twenty percent of the graduating class had high enough GI ratings to avoid the draft.”
“I don’t mind. We’re in for an adventure,” David said.
“Yeah. Let’s make the best of it. I hope we do boot camp at the same place.”
“Let's get on board,” David said looking at the long line of buses waiting at the curb. They found seats in the back of the fourth bus in line and listened to the buzz of conversation inside the bus. The buses filled with inductees and pulled away from the curb. David and Alonzo leaned back in their seats. The long convoy moved through the campus toward the front gate. Their bus pulled onto the city street, David looked over his shoulder and gave the school one last, look. A cheer rose from the students inside, but David felt an instant of sadness and regret. His stomach felt a little queasy and he felt mixed emotions. He felt excited about the future, yet apprehensive at the same time. I’m going to miss a lot of people at that school.
“To hell with that place. On to bigger and better things,” Alonzo said. The bus increased speed taking them away from Woodrow Wilson high school for the last time.
***




Chapter 3

JUNE 16 2358 FEDERAL DEFENSE FORCE ADVANCED OFFICERS TRAINING SCHOOL SAN-FRANSICO CA

Jack Chambers lay in bed sleeping between a naked blonde-headed woman and a naked redhead. His left hand clutched the blonde’s left breast. The redhead lay snuggled up to his backside with her breasts pressed against his back. Jack snored loudly and drool dribbled down the side of his cheek onto the blonde’s back. Light exploded into the room.
Breathing in the smell of cheap perfume, Craig Bannister looked down at the scene before him. He had mixed emotions feeling anger, envy, jealousy, and a bit of disgust. Chambers was not what Banister considered officer material, yet Craig liked him anyway. When on duty, Chambers was one of the best officers in the fleet. When he was in port or off duty, all he wanted to do was drink and chase women. That was conduct that Banister considered unbecoming of an officer.
“You plan on sleeping all day lover boy? Did you forget we have an awards ceremony to go to?”
Chambers yawned and rolled from between the two women. They both moaned stretching their arms into the air. He put his feet on the floor. “Good Lord, Craig. I feel like ten pounds of shit in a five-pound bag.” Chambers leaned forward and put his hands to his face.
Banister ogled the two women for a few seconds. “That’s nothing that a hot cup of coffee and a cold shower won’t fix. Get your scrawny ass into the shower while I make coffee.”
“What time is it?”
Banister sighed. “Seventeen hundred and thirty hours. The awards ceremony starts at eighteen hundred. We have, one-half of an hour to get your sorry ass in shape.”
“Okay, mom.” Chambers rose to his feet and stumbled to the bathroom while Banister picked up a black dress lying on the floor.
“Time to leave ladies. I’m sure it was fun, but our boy has other things to attend to.” The blonde rose to her feet, took the dress, and didn’t seem the least bit embarrassed by her nakedness.
“How about you, lover? You want to give it a go?” the redhead asked. She climbed out of bed and stood next to her friend. Stepping up to Banister, she ran her hand down his back.
“Yeah, baby. Seeing you standing there in that uniform when I woke up made me feel all quivery-like. You want two for the price of one?” the blonde asked.
Banister paused, taking in their jutting breasts and hard nipples. “It’s tempting ladies, but duty calls.” He picked up the redhead’s dress and helped her into it. Inside the shower, goosebumps formed upon Chambers’ naked body. He turned on the cold water and then let out a scream. In the living area of the motel room, Banister laughed. Once the hookers were out the door, he went to the room’s food and beverage station.
“Two coffees strong and black.” The computerized beverage dispenser dropped a cup down into the slot on the machine. It filled it with hot coffee. Banister took the first cup out of the machine. Breathing in the rich aroma of fresh-brewed coffee, and set it down on the table. The machine filled a second cup. Chambers stumbled out of the shower with a towel wrapped around him and Banister handed him a cup of coffee. “This will jump-start your evening. You need to stop abusing yourself like this.”
A big smile crossed Chambers’ face. “Thanks, but you’re just jealous.”
“Yeah right.” Bannister crossed the room to the closet. He took Chambers’ dress blues out and laid them down on the bed. “Get dressed.” Banister sat down in one of the room’s chairs and took a tentative sip from his coffee cup. He waited while his friend dressed.
“How do I look?” Chambers asked after putting on his dress blues. Banister stood up, faced his friend, and adjusted the lapel on Chambers’ uniform.
“You look like a warm bag of shit. You smell like booze and pussy. You look hungover, but your uniform looks good. Let’s go. I’ve got a cab waiting.” Banister slapped Chambers on the shoulder.
The cab dropped them off in front of the military base near the San-Francisco bay. They caught a shuttle bus, which took them to the Avery Jarvis Ballroom. They named the ballroom after one of the pioneers of globalism. Avery Jarvis helped bring the world out of the chaos after the Third World War. They climbed off the shuttle bus. Excited conversation buzzed through the crowd waiting to get inside the ballroom. A cool sea breeze blew in off the ocean. Most of the ladies wore fur coats and the men wore their dress blues.
Chambers and Banister reached the front of the line. A tall young dark-complexioned officer waved a handheld scanner across their wrist. “Mr. Chambers and Mr. Banister. Your seats are in the third row up front close to the stage. You’ll find your names on your placemats in front of your seat. Enjoy the evening.”
The young lieutenant gave them a salute. They returned the curtsy and entered the banquet hall. Cambers stopped, gazing about the interior of the ballroom. Tables set lined up in rows covered with maroon silk tablecloths and fine china. At the front of the room up on a wooden stage, a band tuned their instruments.
“They sure go all out, don’t they?” Chambers said.
“Face it. You’re an officer and a gentleman. So act like it.”
“Yeah right. I put up with all this so they’ll let me drive their ships.”
“We do have our priorities. Yours are flying space ships, drinking beer, and chasing women.”
“And what are yours?”
“Trying to keep you out of trouble. It’s a full-time job.” They made their way to the front of the room and found their seats. Chambers found their names printed on a white card taped to their placemats, so they sat down. Waiters moved throughout the room bringing drinks to the guest. Chambers ordered a Jack and Coke and Bannister ordered Scotch on the rocks.
“Where do you think they’ll assign us now that the Advanced Officers Training Course is over?” Chambers asked.
“Who knows? Wherever it is, it’ll be with a higher pay grade. I walked in here as a lieutenant. I’ll be lucky if I walk out as a commander. You will make captain.”
“Yeah, right.” Waiters brought platters loaded down with roast duck, lobster, crab, and baked salmon. Others brought roast beef, succulent baked potatoes, and plates filled with fresh garden salads to the guest seated at the banquet hall. Still, others poured wine and brought drinks while the dinner moved into full swing.
“I’ll say this about the Federal Defense Forces. When they put on a feed, they don’t go halfway,” Chambers said taking a bite of his roast duck.
Bannister finished chewing a bite of lobster. “The lobster is exquisite.”
A waiter refilled their drinks. The band opened playing twentieth Century ballroom dance tunes. A tall dark-haired European man and a tall blond Scandinavian climbed up onto the stage. They stepped up to a podium. The Russian glanced over at the band, the band quit playing and silence filled the room. “Good evening my fellow officers as well as your distinguished guests. I hope you are enjoying the dinner and the entertainment,” the Russian admiral said. Chambers only noticed a trace of an accent in the admiral’s speech as a cheer rose from the crowd. “I am Admiral Boris Ivanov and I am here with Vice Admiral Thomas Larsen. Everyone in this training class has worked hard. Hard work deserves a reward. Without further delay, Admiral Larsen will announce the commissions and duty assignments.”
The tall muscular blond-headed admiral stood on the podium. He began to call out names, announcing the rank that the person had obtained and their new duty station. When they heard their names called, the young officers headed to the stage. They received a folder, which contained their new rank insignia and a certificate. They also received their orders for their next assignment. When the admiral called out the names the crowd offered up applause to the new graduates. Two-thirds of the officers received their commissions and duty assignments. Chambers and Banister grew nervous. Chambers looked at Banister, but Banister shrugged.
“Thank you for your hard work. You all deserved your reward. I know that in the future, your service to the council will more than justify our faith and trust in you. I will return the rest of the ceremony to Admiral Ivanov.” Admiral Ivanov stepped up to the microphone.
“Thank you, Admiral Larsen. We have recently completed construction on a new fleet of deep space vessels. This fleet will start space trials next week. The historic mission of this fleet is to explore outer space. They will search for inhabitable worlds for us to colonize. It will also try to make contact with any alien cultures they may find to establish trade with other worlds. We are sending this fleet to one of our closest neighbors, Alpha Centauri. We will explore a recently discovered star system known as System 237595. These brave men and women will be the first humans to venture out beyond our solar system and to the stars. I have assigned the following officers to these vessels.” Admiral Ivanov cleared his throat and read from a list of names.
When Bannister heard his name called, he rose to his feet. He sauntered up to the stage, fired off a salute, and looked the Admiral in the eye, taking in his stony features. The admiral returned the salute.
“Mr. Bannister you are now promoted to the rank of commander. I have assigned you to the CEU-Port Royal. You will serve as the ship’s first officer. Thank you for your diligence and service to the Council of Economic Unions,” The Admiral said. He handed Bannister a manila folder with his rank insignia and orders. Bannister shook the admiral’s hand, received his paperwork, and returned to his seat. A strange look crossed Banister’s face when he sat down.
“What?” Chambers whispered, but Bannister only shrugged. “Congratulations.” Chambers slapped his friend on the back. Admiral Ivanov handed out a few more commissions and then called Chambers’ name. When Admiral Ivanov read Chambers’ name from the list, Chambers rose to his feet. He headed up to the platform; gave the admiral a salute and the admiral returned the curtsy.
“Mr. Chambers, you are now promoted to the rank of captain. You are to report to the CEU-Port Royal as the ship’s master. Thank you for your service to the Council of Economic Unions.” He handed Chambers his folder with his rank insignia and orders. When Chambers sat back down, he saw that same strange fleeting look pass across Banister’s face.
“What? At least we’ll be serving together. There’s no one that I would rather have as my first officer other than you, Craig,” Chambers whispered.
“I know. It’s nothing. I’m happy for you. Congratulations.”
“I’d like to say thank you to everyone for coming tonight. Enjoy the band and the food for the rest of the evening. I’d like all our officers serving on our new fleet of deep space vessels to report to your duty stations tonight. I will hold a mission briefing on the CEU-Saratoga at twenty hundred hours on June eighteenth. Attendance is mandatory for all captains and first officers. Thank you and goodnight.” Admiral Ivanov said after the ceremony was over.
After the admiral left the stage, Bannister and Chambers rose to their feet.
“Let me buy you a beer, Captain,” Bannister said with a touch of smugness in his voice. They made their way through the crowd to the bar and Bannister ordered two beers. With a beer in hand, they stepped out a side door. They stood in the grass between the banquet hall and an adjacent building. Chambers buttoned up his coat to stave off the evening chill. For a moment, both men stood in uncomfortable silence, but then finally, Chambers spoke.
“I don’t know why they didn’t promote you to captain. You’ve been in the service longer than me. You deserve it more.”
Banister let out a slow breath. “I know why. You have a way with the men. They like you. Besides the fact that you’re their blond-haired golden boy, you’re also a natural leader. You have some qualities that I am lacking in.”
“Bullshit. You take things too seriously. All you have to do is listen to the men, be firm but fair and treat them with respect. You’re a commander now. That’s an accomplishment. You should be happy. You’ll make a great first officer and I’m glad we’ll be serving together.”
“I am happy. I guess it’s my lot in life to be the one to bail you out of trouble. Why don’t we go to the barracks, pack our gear and catch a shuttle out of here? I’m kind of anxious to see what our new ship looks like.”
“Me too,” Chambers said and tossed back the rest of his beer.
***
“My God! That ship is huge!” Bannister said. He looked out of a porthole of their shuttle when they approached the landing bay doors of the Port Royal.
“They’re all huge!” Chambers said leaning over Banister's shoulder to get a glimpse of the Port Royal. After finishing their beer, they rode the shuttle bus to the barracks. They changed into their regular uniforms and packed their gear. Finished with that, they caught the shuttle bus to the spaceport. They had to wait for over an hour in the terminal before catching a flight to their ship. When they boarded the shuttle, the shuttle pilot’s voice came over the shuttle’s intercom. He instructed them to strap themselves in. The shuttle lifted off the shuttle pad and shot forward gaining speed and altitude. Bannister looked out the right side porthole seeing the base below them grow smaller to the eye.
The shuttle reached escape velocity and entered Earth’s orbit. It took one revolution around the planet. Then it approached a space station maintaining an orbit over the west coast of North America. They monitored hundreds of vessels entering and exiting Earth’s atmosphere. To, Chambers, it looked like a traffic control nightmare. Their shuttle pilot weaved his way through traffic passing the space station. They headed toward a military space dock.
On the edge of the spacedock, the new deep space fleet orbited the planet. Captain Chambers saw ships of every size and description. He saw tankers, frigates, and light cruisers. He also saw several deep space battlecruisers, the mainstay of the fleet. Looking out the right side porthole of their shuttle, they saw a green flashing light. The landing bay doors of the Port Royal opened and the shuttle flew through the massive steel doors. Powering down, it touched down on the ship’s shuttle landing bay.
“Remain seated until oxygen is, restored to the landing bay,” the pilot said. His voice came over the shuttle’s PA system.
“God this landing bay is massive. Look at all those shuttles docked out there.” Bannister said. He took in the smaller vessels docked on the shuttle bay through his porthole.
“And I’m supposed to be the one in charge. Lord help me.”
Bannister laughed. “Sometimes it’s better not to be the one in charge. I may have got the better deal here after all.”
“Environmental control has been restored oxygen and gravity to the landing bay. You may now exit the shuttle,” the pilot’s voice said over the PA system. Inside his cockpit, the pilot flipped a toggle switch. The exit hatch opened and a boarding ramp was deployed.
“Let’s go see our new home,” Chambers said, unsnapping his seat belt, and stood to his feet.
“After you, my captain.” Chambers headed down the aisle between the seats and stepped through the exit hatch. Bannister stepped up next to him and they sauntered down the boarding ramp. A young blond-headed ensign hurried across the landing bay to meet them. He looked up and fired off a quick salute; Bannister and Chambers returned the gesture.
“First officer Bannister and Captain Chambers?” the nervous ensign asked.
“I’m Bannister.”
“I guess that means I’m Chambers.”
“I’m Ensign James Palmer. My orders were to serve as the ship’s caretaker until the command staff arrives. I am sure you gentlemen would like to get some rest. If you will follow me, I’ll show you to your quarters. Tomorrow morning at zero eight hundred hours, I will give both of you gentlemen a briefing and a tour of the ship.”
“Lead the way,” Chambers said. They followed the young ensign across the massive landing bay. He led them through an airlock. The shuttle pilot launched returning to the spaceport on Earth. Ensign Palmer stopped in front of a door in the bulkhead setting next to the airlock.
“This is the captain’s, personal turbo lift. It leads up to the captain’s council room. The captain can take it to any deck throughout the ship in case of an emergency. There are other turbo lifts throughout the ship, but this one is yours. Tomorrow you can reset the code to read only your biochip.” Palmer ran his wrist across the electronic eye in the door. A beam of light read the information on the chip. The door to the turbo lift opened and they stepped into the small round compartment.
“A deck,” Ensign Palmer said. Chambers felt his stomach drop. The turbo lift shot upward carrying them up through the bowels of the ship. After a few seconds, it stopped. The doors opened and they stepped out of the lift onto plush blue carpeting. A long rectangular oak table occupied the center of the room and to the right set a food and beverage station. In the center of the table set a computer console. It had a touch screen and a voice-activated control system. A large viewscreen occupied much of the left bulkhead. Chambers looked out the viewscreen at space. He noticed several of the other vessels docked at the spacedock.
“This is your council room. This door next to the turbo lift leads out to the main passageway on A deck. The door next to the food and beverage station leads to the bridge. Would you like to see your cabin?” Ensign Palmer asked.
“Let’s see the bridge first,” Chambers said.
“I second that,” Bannister said. Palmer led them across the conference room. He stepped through the doorway leading to the bridge. They stood on a raised platform overlooking a circular control center below. On the platform set three chairs. They looked down upon the control center and a sea of plush blue carpeting covered the entire deck.
Chambers stood with his feet spread apart gazing about the bridge. Three steps led down from the command platform to the control station. Two workstations were set to the left of the command chairs, and two set to its right. Below the command chairs set the helm. Computer consoles were set in front of the controller’s chairs. A large viewscreen occupied the bulkhead at the front of the control station. God. I’m supposed to be in charge of all this? Chambers marveled.
“This has got to be the biggest bridge of any vessel I’ve been on,” Chambers said.
“I don’t think I’ve seen anything larger on any vessel I’ve served on either,” Bannister said.
“If you gentlemen are ready, I’ll show you to your quarters,” Ensign Palmer said.
“Lead the way,” Chambers said. Palmer turned to a set of double doors behind them and they followed him out the door and into the main passageway.
“This way,” Palmer said leading them down a narrower hallway that curved to their right. They passed the doorway leading to the captain’s conference room to the next door on the right. Palmer brushed his wrist across the door’s electronic eye. The door read the biochip embedded in his skin and opened.
“Once you reset the code to your chip, it will only open for you,” Palmer said. They stepped into the captain’s quarters and stood gazing about the spacious room. Chambers took in the King-sized bed, next to the far bulkhead. The bed was set on the same plush blue carpet that the military used on all their ships. He took in the food and beverage station, the wet bar, and the computer console along with a VID screen. An oak table was set in the kitchen area along with two comfortable-looking lounge chairs. Overhead cabinets were mounted above the bed and wooden cabinets were built into the bed frame. A brown door was set in the wall next to the bed.
“That door leads the bathroom. The computer environmentally controls the room. You have to activate the settings. They are voice-activated. You can set it for an automatic response, or you can set it to a personality-based control system. You can pick the gender,” Palmer said.
“I’ve slept in a lot worse,” Chambers said.
“Worse hell. This has to be the biggest cabin you ever had while in the Defense Forces,” Bannister said.
“You’ve got that right.”
“We’ll leave you here to settle in, while I show Mr. Bannister to his quarters,” Ensign Palmer said.
“No. I got to see your digs. Why don’t you come along and see mine?” Bannister said.
“Let’s go, then. Lead the way Ensign,” Chambers said.
Ensign Palmer led them out the door and back the way they came. They rounded the curve passing the Captain’s council room and the main entrance to the bridge.
“You’ll find the officers’ mess halfway down the main corridor on your right. They will start serving breakfast at zero six hundred tomorrow morning,” Palmer said. Bannister glanced up at a brass plaque over the first door on their left. It said: First Officer’s conference room. “Mr. Bannister you also have your, own conference room as well as your, own personal turbo lift.” They stepped up to the door to the first officer’s quarters. “Here we are.” A brass plaque reading: First Officer’s quarters set mounted over the door.
“Home sweet home,” Bannister said. Palmer opened the door; they stepped into the room and gazed about.
“I’ll leave you, gentleman, here,” Palmer said. He stepped out leaving Chambers and Bannister alone in the room.
“Not bad. It’s not as big as your place, but it’s still the biggest cabin I’ve ever slept in. Being the first officer on a ship like this might not be so bad.”
Chambers crossed the room to the wet bar. He rummaged around under the bar until he found a bottle of Jack Daniels, Tennessee whiskey. “Let’s have a drink.” Chambers breathed in the smell of the potent whiskey and poured them each a shot.
“What are we drinking to?” Banister asked.
“To the Port Royal and a long working relationship between us. May your job as first officer and mine as captain, never get in the way of our friendship.” Chambers lifted his glass into the air.
“I’ll drink to that.” Bannister brought up his shot glass; they touched their glasses together and then downed the whiskey.
***




Chapter 4

Shawn Gallagher sat at a table, inside the communications center on Europa. His friend John Wilson stood across from him adjusting a video camera on its stand. Sitting at the table were a few more of Shawn’s closest friends. Sweat cropped up on Shawn’s forehead and dripped down the side of his face. A nervous ball sank into the pit of his stomach. After making this transmission, there would be no turning back. It would appear on the VID screens all across the colonies. People would view it on the moons of Saturn and Mars as well as the lunar colonies. It would also appear on every VID screen on Earth. If this effort fails, the Council of Economic Unions will brand us as traitors to the federal system. At best, we’ll receive a thirty-year sentence in a penal colony on the dark side of Earth’s moon. The other alternative is a death sentence: a laser bolt to the back of the head.
“We’re set to go live when you are,” John said. “Are you ready to make history?” Shawn brushed sweat from his forehead and his mind flashed back, reliving the events of the past few days.
***
After stashing the guns and other equipment at mining site D, Shawn rode the turbo lift out of the mines and put on his EVA suit. He exited the complex, turned up the heat on his EVA suit, and sent a message. He used an illegal electronic device, which he plugged into the com-link on his suit. A small light on the device turned green indicating that the signal was live. “Strike the blow with the People’s Fist,” Shawn said. When the miners received the code phrase they put down their tools. They turned off their boring machines which they used to dig into the interior of the moon. Their job was to harvest large chunks of ice for use on Mars and Earth’s moon for its water content. They headed to the turbo lifts. One of the shift supervisors stepped in front of the miners making their way to the lift.
“Where do you men think you’re going? Your shift’s not over yet,” the supervisor said. A big burly miner knocked him on his ass.
“It is now,” he said.
“I’m calling security!” the supervisor yelled, wiping a drop of blood from his mouth.
The first shift crew put on their EVA suits. They headed to the exits and formed a line in front of the domed structures housing the mining facilities. The second shift crew joined them. By the time security received the transmission from the shift supervisor, it was too late. The security guards on the perimeter watch saw the miners exit the facility. One of them stepped up to the same burly miner that had knocked the shift supervision on his ass.
“What are you men doing?” the security guard asked.
“We’re on strike,” the miner said.
“You can’t do that. It’s against the law.”
“So call a cop,” the miner said and knocked that security guard on his ass as well. The miners picked up fist-sized balls of ice and pelted the security guards with them. Tiny flakes of ice flew into the air; the guards retreated to their vehicles and called for backup. The miners on Titan received the transmission and turned off their vacuum pumps. They used the pumps to harvest liquid methane gas. They returned to their base, formed picket lines, and had a similar confrontation with security, as did the miners on Europa. 
The tanker ships orbiting Jupiter and Saturn turned off their ram scoops. They used the scoops to collect hydrogen and helium-3. Their captains turned their vessels around heading for the nearest moon. The moons orbiting Jupiter and Saturn soon looked like giant parking lots. The first tanker left Jupiter’s orbit. 
“Traffic control to CEU-Gladiator. You haven’t had time to fill your tanks. Why are you breaking orbit? You have orders to proceed to Mars with your load. Why are you diverting to Europa?” the female traffic controller asked.
The ship’s communications officer looked at her captain.
“Tell her we’re on strike,” the captain said. The communications officer relayed the captain’s response.
The traffic controller’s jaw dropped. “What you can’t do that? It’s against the law.”
The captain touched the com-link on his console overriding the communications officer. “So arrest us. End transmission.”
Byron Lee, the head of security, received a transmission from all the mining sites on the surface. The striking miners had turned into a mob in front of each complex. He didn’t have enough men to handle the situation. He contacted all available personnel including guards who were off duty and asleep. He called a few officers at some of the colony's drinking establishments and eateries. They received transmissions on their com-links with orders to report for duty at once. The head of security set up a duty roster. He kept half of his guards on duty for twelve standard Earth hours while the other half rested. If this lasts too long, I’ll need more people. He sent a text message to Consolidated Security headquarters on Earth.
Shawn went to the employee housing area. He retrieved picket signs and ax handles, which he handed out to the striking miners. Excitement buzzed through the air. The miners who weren’t on picket duty gathered in their common room. They watched what was happening outside on a VID screen. Six hours into the strike, a woman from Solar One News got word of the strike. She flew down to the surface of Europa in her small space cruiser and caught up with Shawn in front of the main mining complex. Shawn consented to the interview.
Twenty-three hours into the strike, Byron Lee sat at his desk asleep. He had his head in his hands letting out gentle snoring sounds, and drool dribbled down the side of his cheek. Half of his guards were in the locker room gearing up to relieve the guards outside dealing with the miners. After the first two hours, his guards set up barricades to separate them from the mob. The miners had settled down, somewhat. Instead of pelting the security guards with a barrage of ice balls, they only shouted curse words. Now and then they lobbed a ball of ice over the barricades.
Byron manned the com-center in the office waiting to hear from headquarters on Earth. So far, there had been no word and he started to get sleepy. After being on duty for fourteen hours, he finally succumbed to sleep. The front door to his office banged open, Byron’s head popped up and he let out a snort. He looked up into the muzzle of an M-23 Blaster. His eyes widened and his bottom jaw sagged. Ten men, dressed in military fatigues armed with shoulder-fired weapons, entered the room.
“Make a sound and I’ll burn a hole through your forehead,” Shawn said.
“What do you want?” Byron asked, raising his hands.
“Your men, the ones that you have in reserve to relieve those, outside, where are they?”
“Down the hall in the locker room getting ready.”
Shawn motioned for the other men to move down the hall. “Take me to the armory.” The assault team entered the locker room. They caught some of the security guards with their pants down. Shawn’s men rounded up the security guards in the locker room without incident. They stowed them away in their jail. Other miners entered the security complex. They took the weapons and armored EVA suits from the security guards, put them on, and exited the security center. They went outside to relieve the security guards on duty. The guards dealing with the miners on the picket line saw the men in Consolidated Security EVA suits. They figured that their relief had arrived early.
The miners, masquerading as security guards, took up positions behind the barricades. Shawn's commandos met the returning security guards at gunpoint and escorted them to the brig to join their comrades. Three teams rounded up the management personnel inside the main complex. A group of supervisors fled deep into the mine and tried to put up a fight, but after a brief gun battle, they surrendered.
They detained the upper management personnel in the main office complex. The Executive in charge of mining operations on Europa woke from a sound sleep staring down the barrel of a gun.
“This is an outrage. You’ll do time for this,” he said. The surly miner prodded him with the gun barrel and escorted him to the brig.
“Don’t worry. No one’s going to get hurt. Once the council concedes our demands, your people will head back to Earth,” Shawn said. He locked the mining executive into the brig.  When the miners on the picket line received word that the entire facility was under their control, they threw down their signs and reentered the mining complex.
The last piece of business concerned the orbiting space stations. Assault teams stormed the stations orbiting Jupiter and Saturn. They attacked the complex detaining the workers and stormed aboard five vessels docked at the station. A PPF vessel arrived at the Jupiter station right before the attack occurred. The PPF Special Forces team opened up on Shawn’s men with their M-23 Blasters. The assault teams boarded their vessel and killed five federal marines before the captain ordered his men to surrender. Shawn received word from the mining sites that the Jovian system was under their control. Their brothers on the moons of Saturn called in confirming that they had control of that system as well. Shawn headed to the main communication center.
He waited for word from his teams assaulting the orbiting space stations. The word came, announcing the success of the mission. A loud cheer erupted inside the communications center.
A big grin spread across Shawn’s face. “Gentlemen! This is cause to celebrate! Jupiter and Saturn, along with their moons, are ours!” Shawn said standing to his feet. Men gathered around slapping him on the back. “Let’s head down to the galley and have the cook rustle us up some grub. We’ve got beer on ice! After that let’s get some sleep! It’s been a rough forty-eight hours! I will hold a briefing in the main assembly hall at zero eight hundred hours tomorrow morning. I will let everyone know where we go from here!” A day on Europa was roughly eighty-five days on Earth, but they operated on a standard twenty-four-hour clock. Shawn took a deep breath and yelled, “Can’t you smell it? I smell freedom in the air!” The men let out a loud cheer.
***
The miners occupying the assembly hall let out a whoop when Shawn and John entered the room. They rose to their feet clapping their hands filling the hall to capacity and beyond. Shawn stepped onto the stage and strolled over to the microphone. “Thank you. I called this briefing to let you people know what to expect, now that we have control of the facilities. How many of you served in the Federal Defense Forces?” Shawn asked and three-quarters of the crowd raised their hands.
“You will serve in our new military. We’ve accessed company personnel records. You will keep the same rank as you held in federal service. We need to organize into companies and start training. That will take place at site D and on the surface. We need to start building fighting positions. Those of you who have no past service in the federal forces can help with that. When the Council of Economic Unions gets the word of what we’ve done, they’ll send troops. We need to be ready.” Shawn paced back and forth in excitement and continued.
“What about our pay?” one of the miners asked.
“Most of you know that we have stores of gold, copper, and other precious metals hidden here on Europa. We are minting coins. The first order of business is to get rid of these biochips.” Shawn held his wrist in the air. “We’ll start that at the med center after this briefing. Tomorrow, those of you with past federal service will report to site D for induction. Others will form, work details to start building fighting positions on the surface. We will also use some of our lower levels here at site A for military training. Some of you will still be doing some mining on a limited scale.”
“How much time before the federal forces arrive?” someone yelled from the back of the room.
Shawn stopped pacing. “We should have at least six months before they can field a sizable force. That gives us some time to get ready.”
“What about our new government? When will we hold elections?” someone at the front of the room asked. Shawn stepped back and looked at Wilson. “John, you’re standing there in the background trying to look cool. Why don’t you answer that one?”
John laughed and stepped up to the microphone. “We will hold elections as soon as possible. We will elect a president, vice president, senators, and congressmen. We will write our Declaration of Independence, a bill of rights, and a constitution. They will be like the ancient documents from the forbidden zone. If the CEU recognizes us as a sovereign nation, we will petition them to allow our families to immigrate.”
“What if they refuse?” someone asked.
John shrugged. “Then they don’t get any helium-3, hydrogen, water ice, and liquid methane or deuterium crystals. When their ships run out of fuel, they’ll be more charitable.”
“What about the detainees?” a young woman standing to the right of the stage asked.
Shawn stepped back up to the microphone. “I’ll take this one, John. Once the Council of Economic Unions concedes to our demands, we will release them. They will be free to go back to Earth.”
“When are you going to announce our secession from the Council of Economic Unions?” a big burly miner in the middle of the crowd asked.
“At midnight tonight, Earth time I drop the bomb on the Council of Economic Unions and we make history. After that, the clock starts ticking. They’ll try to hammer us into submission, but if we can survive that, our future looks bright. It will take work. I envision domed cities filled with colonists building a better life. It will be better than they ever could have under the current federal system. If there are no further questions, I’ll head over to the med center and get this damned biochip removed. Why don’t you people come and join me.” Shawn left the stage. The crowd cheered, rose to their feet, and began to slap them both on the back when they left the stage and headed for the door.
***
“Earth to Shawn Gallagher. Let’s go, buddy. You look like you zoned out there for a while. Are we ready to roll here, or what?” John asked, bringing Shawn’s mind back to the present.
Shawn laughed and rubbed the sweat from his brow. “Yeah, I’m ready. Let’s do it.” He waited for the light on the camera to turn green indicating that they were recording. Shawn tried to keep the flutter out of his voice. “Good evening. My name is Shawn Gallagher. I am the second shift team leader at the mining colonies on Europa. This message is going out to the colonist on Mars, the colonies on Earth’s moon, and, to everyone back home on Earth.” Shawn took a drink from a water bottle sitting next to him on the table. “If you’ve been watching the news, you are aware of the ancient documents found in the forbidden zone. The city, formerly known as Washington DC. I have copies of those documents in my possession and I am going to read them now. In the course of human events-”
Shawn read the ancient text of the United State’s Declaration of Independence. Then he read the constitution of the United States of America. “We, the miners on the moons of Jupiter and Saturn have seized control of the mining facilities. We have also seized the colonies and the orbiting space stations orbiting both planets. All tankers hauling water ice, helium-3, hydrogen, and methane have been grounded. I now declare independence from the Council of Economic Unions and independence from the entire federal system. We demand that the Council of Economic Unions recognize our independence and demand that they allow our family members still living on Earth to immigrate. I will issue a formal declaration of independence, to the Council of Economic Unions. Our declaration is like the ancient documents I just read. When the council recognizes our independence, we will negotiate trade deals. We will resume shipments of water ice, hydrogen, methane, helium-3, and deuterium crystals.” Shawn paused to clear his throat and took another drink from his water bottle. “If the Council of Economic Union gets stupid and tries to use force, it will be, met in kind. The next scene you will see is of one of Consolidated Mining’s tankers orbiting Jupiter.”
The image on the viewscreen changed to a tanker ship orbiting the gas giant. A beam of light from a ground-based weapon shot up from the surface of Europa striking the tanker ship. A blinding flash of white light filled the screen and the tanker erupted into a massive fireball. Inside the communication center, John hit the record button. He filmed Shawn’s last few comments.
“If the Council of Economic Unions decides to use force, remember this. We have hundreds of tankers on the surface of Jupiter’s moons and, on the moons of Saturn. Think of those tankers as hundreds of hydrogen bombs rigged to explode. All we ask is that you recognize our independence and grant us our freedom. There is no need for violence. Thank you, and good night.”
***




Chapter 5

David Gallagher and Alonzo Garcia stepped off the bus. They stood in front of the shuttle port on the naval base in San Diego. A cold breeze hit them in the face coming in off the ocean. In the bay, a tugboat blew its foghorn. Two men in naval uniforms passed by glancing over at the crowd of young men gathered in front of the spaceport. David and Alonzo followed the crowd of inductees into the shuttle port and stepped into the lobby falling into line at a reception desk.
The sound of excited conversation echoed through the room. David gazed about taking in the white marble tile on the floor and the pictures of old sailing vessels adorning the walls. Several wooden desks were set throughout the room. Lines of people stood at each desk. They stepped into one of the lines. When David reached the front of the line, a cute young woman wearing a naval uniform looked up and smiled. “Wave your chip across my scanner.” Breathing in her sweet perfume, David passed his wrist across a little black box on her desk. A printer setting behind the young woman squealed and printed out his ticket and boarding pass. “There is a bank of turbo lifts to your left. Take one up to the fifth-floor lobby. Your flight leaves in forty-five minutes.” She handed him his paperwork.
“Thank you, Miss.” David returned her smile and stepped out of line. After Alonzo received his ticket and boarding pass, he stepped up next to David.
“What time do you fly out?” David asked. He had to shout over the noise in the crowded lobby.
“Eight forty-five. How about you?”
David Glanced at Alonzo’s paperwork. “We’re on the same flight.”
They crossed the lobby to the turbo lifts elbowing their way through the crowd. When they reached the lifts, David ran his hand across a scan pad next to the door. The door opened, and they stepped inside. “Fifth floor.” The turbo lift’s voice-activated sensors put the machine in motion. They felt their stomach drop and heard a slight whirring noise as the turbo lift shot up to the fifth floor. The doors opened and they stepped into a smaller, but no less crowded lobby. Looking across the room, David saw the terminal doors leading out to the shuttle pad. To the left of the terminal doors, set a bar and a lounge. “Let’s have a beer while we wait.” Loud neo-pop music emanated from the lounge.
Alonzo glanced down at his paperwork. “What flight are we on again?”
“Flight four zero seven. Why?”
“I don’t want to miss our flight when they call it over the PA.”
“We’ve got a forty-five-minute wait. This place should start to thin out a bit by then.” They wormed their way through the crowd to the bar.
“What can I get you boys?” a dark-haired waitress asked. She wore a skintight cocktail dress, cut low in the front that left little to the imagination. David inhaled her cheap perfume and checked out a field of tiny freckles displayed on the top of the woman’s breasts. He glanced down at the deep valley of cleavage for a second then his eyes darted back up to her face.
“A beer for me and my buddy. Make it two Blue Bombs.”
She gave him a seductive smile. “We don’t have it. All we have is the house blend on draft.”
“I guess that will have to do then,” David said staring into her almond-colored eyes. The waitress poured them each a beer and they sat at the bar. “I can’t believe it. We’re finally getting out of Diego.”
“I know. This town can kiss my ass goodbye.” Alonzo held up his glass. “A toast. To our new lives in the Federal Defense Forces. Who knows? If I like it, I could make a career out of it.”
David shook his head. “I’ll drink to that, but I doubt if I’ll do more than one hitch.” David raised his glass into the air.
Thirty-five minutes later, a computerized voice came over the room’s PA system. It announced that passengers could now board flights 407, 408, 409, and 410. David and Alonzo, both half-drunk, headed to the terminal gates. They stepped through the gates onto the shuttle pad. A cold ocean breeze hit them in the face once more while they headed toward the waiting shuttles.
“You can see the whole world from up here,” Alonzo said glancing about. From the vantage point on the fifth floor, not only could they see the entire base, but the entire city of San Diego. Off in the distance, they saw the dark blue water of the Pacific Ocean. A strong cold wind coming in off the water buffeted them.
“You better take a good look. We might not be back here for a long time.”
“Maybe never.” They stepped into the boarding line and handed a young man in an Air Force uniform their tickets and boarding passes.
“Welcome aboard, Mr. Garcia and Mr. Gallagher. I am Lieutenant Cunningham. I will be your flight attendant on this trip. Come aboard and find a seat where ever you like.”
“Thank you, sir,” Alonzo said, giving the young officer a drunken salute. They staggered up the boarding ramp and found seats on the left halfway up the aisle. David took a seat by the window and Alonzo took the seat next to the aisle.
“This is your pilot speaking. Welcome aboard. Please strap yourselves in. We will be taking off shortly. You are looking at a thirty-minute flight to Frisco and your new life in the Federal Defense Forces. Sit back and enjoy the ride. Your flight attendant will be handing out food and beverages. Please put on your seat belts now,” the voice of the shuttle pilot said coming over the PA system. The flight attendant closed the outer hatch. He helped people with their seatbelts, and then found a seat at the rear of the shuttle and strapped himself in. The pilot applied thrust; the shuttle rose off the pad and headed north. Once airborne, the flight attendant unfastened his seatbelt. He headed up the aisle passing out beverages.
“What will it be Gentlemen?” the flight attendant said when he stopped next to David and Alonzo’s seats.
“Give us each a beer,” David said. The flight attendant handed each a plastic bottle filled with beer. A loud cheer went up from the passengers when the shuttle passed over the city. The shuttle headed north to San Francisco.
***
They touched down on the landing pad on a naval base in San Francisco. The passengers boarded shuttle buses and headed to the induction center. The holographic image of a bus driver on the VID screen at the front of the bus kept up an ongoing commentary. He pointed out various buildings and landmarks along the route. The bus pulled up to the curb in front of a large brick building painted white. A banner strung across the front of the building in bold red letters said: Welcome Inductees. David and Alonzo followed the crowd to the Induction Center. Inside, several receptionists sat at tables. Across the lobby, a set of double doors set in the far wall behind the reception desks. Outside, more shuttle buses arrived bringing more inductees. David and Alonzo fell into line at the nearest table. When they reached the front of the line, a dark-haired lieutenant looked up and smiled. David couldn’t help but notice the cute little dimples in her cheeks, and her fresh scent. He thought she smelled as though she just stepped from the shower.
“Good morning. If you’ll run wrist over my scanner, I’ll print up your records.” David ran his hand over the stationary scanning device on the reception desk. A printer behind the lieutenant printed up David’s school records. It printed his medical records plus all his background information. “Proceed to stage one. That will be in the orientation room. Go through the doors behind me. The orientation room will be the first door on your left when you head down the hallway.” She handed David his records.
“Thank you,” David said and then stepped out of line waiting for Alonzo. They crossed the lobby, stepped through the set of green doors, and into a long hallway that seemed to run on forever. Green tile covered the floor and brown wooden doors were evenly spaced on both sides of the hallway. They stopped at the first door on their left, where a gold plaque over the door said: Orientation Room. A blonde-haired female Air Force lieutenant standing by the door smiled.
“If you gentlemen will step inside and find a seat, we’ll get started as soon as the room fills up.” They stepped into a rectangular-shaped room. David glanced about for a second. Several tables were set perpendicular to a raised platform. A green carpet covered the stage. A small podium was set in its center, and military officers sat in chairs on the stage facing the tables. Pencils and stacks of paperwork were set on the tables in front of each chair. David and Alonzo made their way to the front of the room, sat down, and talked quietly while the room filled up with people.
A young naval officer stepped up to the podium. “Welcome to orientation. I am Ensign Blackwell. You can expect a full day of testing mental, physical, and physiological. As you can see, we will be doing things the old-fashioned way, today. Our digital pad system is down. Setting before you are some forms for you to fill out. They ask various questions about your background and interest. The last form asks you to choose which branch of federal service you are most interested in. I would ask that you save that form until you have heard from the men standing behind me. The Federal Defense Forces allow its inductees some choice in their assignments. As always, the needs of the service come first. Now I’d like to introduce Lieutenant Goldenstein from the Army.”
A muscular man with sandy-colored hair wearing a CEU-Army uniform stepped up to the podium. “Gentlemen. I hope you’re enjoying yourself so far. If you choose the Army, you can look forward to a grand adventure. You will do your boot camp at Fort Campbell Kentucky. You will serve your first term of enlistment on the moon or Mars. If you’re lucky, you might land an assignment here on Earth serving as peacekeepers. There is always some brush fire war popping up that we have to deal with. There is an element in the colonies, on the moon and Mars that is a constant source of irritation. It is the Army’s responsibility to deal with these miss guided insurrectionists. If you choose the Army, if you apply yourself and work hard, the chances for advancement are good. I won’t take up any more of your time. Thank you.”
He stepped away from the podium and then Ensign Blackwell stepped back up to the microphone. “Now we’ll hear from Lieutenant Baker from Fleet Marines.” A stocky, muscular man with dark hair and bulging biceps stood before the group.
“Hoorah! If you choose to serve with the Fleet Marines, you will serve on our space-going vessels. You could serve as peacekeepers here on Earth or Mars. You might get a shot at an Earth assignment and spend some time at sea. Those assignments usually go to second-term enlistments. If the brass assigns you to the space-born Fleet Marines, you will do your boot camp on the moon. If they assign you to the planet side division, you will do boot camp in San Diego.”
“I don’t want to go back there,” Alonzo whispered.
“I hear you. I’m choosing Fleet Marines, Space Division.”
“Let’s wait until we hear what the guys from the other branches have to say.” An Air Force officer replaced the marine lieutenant. He explained that as airmen, they would serve with the space fleet as shuttle pilots or mechanics and that you might serve on Earth at the various airbases. He said that if you went to flight school, you would fly air support for the Army or Marines and that in the Air Force, you would do your boot camp either in Texas or on the moon.
Another naval officer stepped to the podium, looked out at the inductees, and smiled. “Gentlemen. If you join the Navy, you will serve with the fleet in space or on one of the surface vessels on Earth. If you receive orders for the space division, you will do boot camp on the moon. If your orders assign you to the straight leg Navy on Earth, you will do your boot camp in New Chicago, up by the Great Lakes. Either way, you are in for an adventure. You could also serve at one of the space stations orbiting Earth or Mars.” He paused and then said, “See the solar system, sail the world’s oceans, join the Navy.”
“I thought we were inductees? This guy acts like we have a choice,” David whispered.
“We can choose. It all depends on the numbers. The only thing we can’t choose is to say the hell with this shit and go home.” David let out a muffled giggle. He was feeling the effects of the alcohol they drank earlier, and a few heads turned giving him stern looks.
An officer from the Planetary Patrol Force stood behind the podium. He looked out at the inductees and smiled. “The PPF is a fast reaction force that spends most of its time chasing smugglers or pirates. We are the first ones the brass calls on when there is trouble anywhere in the solar system. If you join the PPF, you will do your boot camp on the moon and serve in space. Thank you,” the man said and then sat down.
Ensign Blackwell stepped back up to the podium. “Please fill out your last form choosing which branch of the service you would like to serve. Take your forms to the room across the hall for stage two of induction. That will be a physiological and political evaluation.”
“What are you choosing?” Alonzo asked.
“I told you. Fleet Marines, Space Division.” David filled out the last form. Finished with their paperwork, they stepped out the door. Another group of inductees filled the orientation room. They stepped through a doorway on the right side of the hallway. A plaque in the center of the door said: Stage Two, Psychological and political Evaluation. The room was filled with small desks and chairs like those used in school. More papers and pencils were set on the desk. Five small offices with glass windows were at the front of the room.
A young female naval officer standing at the front of the room smiled. “Inductees. Before you on each desk set a one hundred question test. There are no wrong or right answers. Answer the questions truthfully to the best of your ability. After you’re finished, remain seated. When you hear your name called, report to whichever evaluator calls your name. The evaluations will be in one of the offices behind me. Let’s start the test people. We have a lot of people to process today.”
David and Alonzo picked up their pencils and went to work on the test. The test consisted of true or false questions and some multiple-choice questions. There were also some abstract reasoning questions mixed in. David’s head pounded and he found it hard to concentrate. God, I drank too much beer.
After finishing the test, they sat back to wait, and after a few minutes, a fat man dressed in a black suit stepped out of one of the offices upfront.
“Is there a Mr. David Gallagher here?” he asked.
“I’m Gallagher.” David made his way to the front.
“Come in. Have a seat, young man.” David followed him through the brown door. He sat down in an office chair across the desk from the fat political officer and handed over his paperwork breathing in the smell of stale tobacco and cheap whiskey.
“How are things going this morning?”
“Everything’s fine. Hectic, but fine,” David said.
“I see here that you chose the Fleet Marines Space Division to serve in. Why is that?”
“I want to get off the planet and see the solar system.”
“Yes. It’s an adventure out there. What we are going to do is I am going to ask you a series of questions. I want to answer with the first thing that comes off the top of your head. Do you think you can handle that?”
“Piece of cake.”
“Okay. Here we go. The first question.” He asked David questions about his loyalty to the Council of Economic Unions, his belief system, his value system, and his plans for the future. When he finished with his questions, the political officer looked up and smiled. “Your name got red-flagged on the computer. It is because of your relationship with someone named Shawn Gallagher. Do you know this person?”
David sighed, feeling the heat rise in his face. “He’s my brother.”
“It seems that your brother is part of some insurrectionist activities. He’s right in the middle of this work stoppage on Europa. There are rumors that he is part of a terrorist group, known as the People’s Fist. If that is true, when the federal forces catch him, he faces execution. What are your feelings about your brother’s activities? Do you share his nationalistic and insurrectionist views?”
“No. My loyalties lie with the federal system. It’s what pulled us out of the chaos of World War Three. My brother is a troublemaker. He has been from the time he was little until now.”
“Then you don’t approve of his activities?”
“No. We don’t even get along.”
“What if you get assigned to a mission to apprehend your brother? Let’s say your superiors ordered you to use deadly force if he resisted. If not, you are to bring him in for trial and execution?”
David paused. “I would do my duty. I wouldn't like it, but I would do my duty.”
“Good. I realize that you shouldn’t have to pay for your brother’s sins. Even though the state should come first, some people let family ties get in the way of doing what is right. I’ll let you proceed with induction. I’m going to mark your paperwork so that the political adviser at your first assignment can keep an eye on you. If you ever need to talk the door to your political advisor’s office will always be open.” The political officer looked at the digital clock embedded in his wrist and said, “It’s almost noon. Go to the cafeteria and get some chow. Report to stage three at one AM for your physical and your strength and agility testing.”
“Thank you, sir.” David took back his paperwork, stepped out the door, and exited the room. When he stepped out into the main hallway, David found Alonzo waiting for him.
“How’d it go?” Alonzo asked.
“All right. They gave me some shit about my brother. That asshole is always getting his ass in a sling. It makes me mad when I get dragged into his bullshit.”
“Forget about it. Let’s go get some chow.”
They followed the crowd down to the cafeteria, stepped into line and moved their trays down a buffet-style counter, and breathed in the rich aroma of freshly cooked food. David’s stomach rumbled. They heaped mounds of mashed potatoes and gravy onto a hot roast beef sandwich. They had French fries, some fruit, and a glass of fruit punch to drink.
“The grub doesn’t look too bad,” Alonzo said after they sat down.
David gazed about the room. Half of the inductees were good-looking females. “No. I could survive on this.”
“What did you think about the written test? What did you put for question seventeen? It went something like this. If your ship was about to explode, but you only had room for one other person on your escape pod, who would you, choose? The answers were, A, your best friend, B, your captain, C, your political advisor D, whoever is closest to you, or E, none of the above.”
“I put E. None of the above. I’d get the hell out of there,” David said.
“I picked D. But it would be the nearest good-looking female.” Alonzo laughed, diving into his hot roast beef sandwich. “They wanted you to say, C, your political advisor.”
“Screw the Political Advisor.” Finished with lunch, they headed out into the hallway and entered a door on their right with the words: Stage Three written over the door. A long line of tables set in the center of the room and inductees stood facing a doorway on the other end of the room. Across the tables from the inductees stood a group of medical personnel. Next to each inductee set a large canvas bag. A good-looking young female inductee stood in front of David.
“Take off your clothes and put them in the bag, next to you on the table,” the head nurse standing at the head of the line said. David blushed and hesitated for a few seconds.
“Let’s go, inductee. We don’t have all day,” a young nurse standing next to David said. David stripped out of his clothes and put them in the bag as instructed. The young female inductee in front of David took off her clothes. David’s eyes dropped to her shapely bottom. He felt something stir in his lower regions.
“Do you have an eye problem inductee? Keep your eyes up and point them straight forward,” the female nurse standing next to David said. David’s face turned crimson.
The doctors and nurses gave each one of them a thorough physical exam which included several inoculations. They took DNA samples and had their eyes and ears examined. The nurses ran bio scanners over their bodies checking their internal organs. The doctors and nurses poked and prodded the inductees for over an hour. A nurse took their fingerprints and copies of their retinas with a scanner. She took samples of hair follicles. When the exam was over, a nurse near the doorway at the end of the room handed them each a set of gym trunks and a t-shirt.
“Step through this doorway and form up on the bulkhead to your right. Your strength and agility test will begin in ten minutes.”
David and Alonzo took their gym shorts and t-shirts and headed through the door. They put on their workout clothes and leaned against the bulkhead behind them. The girl standing next to David who had been in front of him in line smiled.
“I heard you get in trouble back there.”
“Yeah. So sue me. You’ve got a nice ass.” David laughed.
She let out a giggle. “I’m glad that parts over. It’s kind of embarrassing stripping like that in front of everybody. I’m surprised that they didn’t separate the sexes.”
“They’re trying to herd us through like cattle. They’re more concerned about quantity than modesty.” David gazed across the room and saw chin-up bars and weight lifting equipment. There was a rappelling tower and an obstacle course. On the far side of the obstacle course set several machines. There was a stair stepper and a treadmill, but there were a few that he didn’t recognize. Four physical fitness instructors stepped up to the inductees. Two were male and two were female.
“Inductees. Let’s step away from the wall and do some stretching exercises. Then we will pair up and do some exercises to see how physically fit you people are,” the head instructor said. He was a fifty-year-old man with bulging biceps and six-pack abs said. David paired up with the young woman standing next to him. They went through a rigorous ordeal and had to do as many sit-ups, pushups, deep knee bends, leg lifts, and squats as they could; it was a timed test. David’s head pounded; sweat cropped up, on his forehead and he smelled like beer. After that, they ran an obstacle course where they climbed over walls and ran through a row of rubber tires. David climbed up a wooden tower using ropes to slide back down when they were through. By the time he finished the obstacle course, was soaked in sweat and his body hurt but his hangover was gone.
The instructors allowed them a five-minute rest break. Then they started the strength test. They lifted weights with their legs and bench pressed as much weight as they could lift. The instructor had them use a machine where they stood on its platform and pulled two rings with their hands. The machine applied resistance. It measured the foot-pounds of pressure that they pulled with their arms. The machine caused their arms to ache. After they finished, they ran on the treadmill until near exhaustion. The instructors moved the inductees back to the bulkhead.
“That will be enough people. Hit the showers to my left. Put your street clothes back on and put the gym trunks and t-shirt in the laundry hamper by the door to the showers. After that, report to stage four of induction. That will be in the last room on the left-hand side of the hallway. It's on the far end opposite from where you first entered this morning!”
The inductees headed to the showers. The physical fitness instructors stood at the doorway watching. They made sure that no sexual conduct occurred in the shower. David and Alonzo couldn’t help but make fugitive glances at the female inductees while they lathered up their naked bodies.
“Madre Dios, look at them titties,” Alonzo whispered.
“Good Lord God almighty! I’ve died and gone to heaven.”
“Do you two inductees have an eye problem? Finish up and get dressed! We’ve got more inductees waiting for the shower!” the woman standing guard at the door yelled.
“Yes ma’am!” David and Alonzo both yelled. Finished in the shower, they put their street clothes back on and headed to the main hallway. They entered the last door on their left. A naval officer stood on a raised platform. Behind the platform hung the flags from the various Economic Unions. There was also the blue-green flag of the Council of Economic Unions.
“Step to the front of the room and make room for as many people as possible! Once I administer the oath, report to stage five, which is out processing! Go through the double doors at the opposite end of the hallway that you entered this morning! Out processing is in the south end lobby!” the naval officer said.
The room filled up. The naval officer on the platform issued an oath of allegiance to the Council of Economic Unions. After swearing their oaths, David and Alonzo, followed the crowd, back out into the hallway. They stepped through the double doors on the south end of the building and waited in line at an out-processing desk.
A red-headed female naval officer shot David a quick smile. She took his paperwork and put his papers on a portable scanner. The scanner downloaded them into the computer system. She printed up his orders and handed him the paperwork. “The Federal Defense Forces have assigned you to the Fleet Marines, Space Division. Your boot camp will be on the moon. You are on flight seven twenty-nine. Your flight leaves the shuttle port tonight at twenty hundred hours. That will take you to the spacedock where you will catch a troop transport to the lunar colonies. Show your orders to the clerk at the spacedock and they will direct you to the right ship. You have an advance in your first month’s pay of one hundred credits for meals. Good luck inductee.”
“Thank you,” David said. He stepped out of line and waited for Alonzo. When Alonzo received his orders, he stepped up next to David and glanced at David’s orders.
“We’re on the same flight. We’re both in Fleet Marines and headed to boot camp on the moon. I hope they put us in the same platoon,” Alonzo said.
“Let’s get out of here and catch a bus to the spaceport.” They caught the shuttle bus and at the spaceport, David used some of his credits to buy dinner. Alonzo bought the beer. The announcer called their flight. They staggered outside and up the shuttle’s boarding ramp. Alonzo found two empty seats in the back of the shuttle. The shuttle lifted off the landing pad, the pilot applied thrust and the Gee forces shoved them back into their seats. The shuttle reached orbit. Alonzo looked out his porthole at the Earth rotating below.
“Take a good look bro. It may be a long time before we see old Mother Earth again. I almost wish I was back in Diego.”
***




Chapter 6

Cyrus Bonelli stood by a window on the top floor of the CEU council building in New York City. The building was set on the same spot that had once housed the old United Nations building. Cyrus wished that he was back home in Italy. Gazing out at the sprawling city below, he watched aircars pass by in the night. A diplomatic shuttle descended to the roof of the building. God, I hate New York. One more year and my term as president of the council will be over. Some men coveted the position, but Cyrus loathed it. As council president, you were the most powerful man, on Earth. You were also the most powerful man in the entire solar system.
With great power comes great responsibility. Sure, the apartment occupying the entire floor below the council chambers is nice. The perks and the money are good, but the stress could send me to an early grave. As if I don’t have enough on my plate dealing with all these bureaucrats, and now this. If I catch this Shawn Gallagher, I’ll fire the laser bolt into the back of his head that takes his life. That’s why the president only serves one six-year term. The job is too much for one man.
Cyrus turned and gazed at the council floor below. This was where the council made the major decisions that affected the lives of everyone. His mind drifted to the past. In a terrorist attack on 09-11-2001, two jet planes crashed into the old twin towers, bringing them down. The attack killed a large number of people. That catalyst led to the Third World War. One of the last accomplishments of the old regime in Washington was to build a monument to the ones lost in the terrorist attacks. It was one of the only remaining monuments of that failed regime.
Cyrus stepped down from the raised viewing platform and crossed the spectator area of the council chamber. He ignored the hum of conversation, climbed the steps to the platform, and stood behind the podium. The representatives from the colonies fill the chamber. The presidents of the various economic unions and other dignitaries set among them. He looked at the digital timepiece embedded in his wrist. A sense of revulsion passed through him. At midnight, New York time, Cyrus banged the gavel.
“Gentlemen. Presidents and Governor Generals. Let’s bring the room to order.” A hush fell over the council floor. “Most of you know why I’ve called this emergency meeting of the council. If you haven’t seen the news, I’ll play the piece for you now. If I can draw your attention to the VID screen behind me.”
The image of Shawn Gallagher filled the VID screen hanging from the ceiling behind him. Cyrus turned up the sound. On the screen, Gallagher read the Declaration of Independence. He read the Constitution of the United States and the Bill of rights. Gallagher announced the independence of the mining colonies and announced the formation of a new republic. When the Video finished, Cyrus turned off the VID screen. Pandemonium filled the council chamber.
“I’ll have, order on the council floor!” Cyrus yelled banging his gavel. “The question before us is what to do about this son of a bitch. It is my recommendation that we squash this little man and his followers. We need to squash them like the cockroaches they are. I put before the council a military solution.”
“Mr. Chairman. The president of the European Union wishes to speak,” a gray-haired skinny man said. He stood to his feet.
Cyrus grimaced, feeling acid reflux in his throat. “The chair so recognizes the president of the European Union.”
“Mr. President, these miners have us over a barrel. They control the helium-3 and the hydrogen that powers our ships. They mine the deuterium crystals. What about our new fleet of deep space vessels? Will they be a part of this military force to rid the solar system of this rabble?”
“No. The deep-space fleet will proceed with its mission. They do hold us over a barrel by denying us hydrogen, water ice, deuterium crystals, and helium-3. That is why I propose this military campaign,” Cyrus said.
“This is folly. You saw what they did to that helium tanker. In light of the trouble on Mars, I’d think that a major military campaign would be the last thing that you’d want. I propose a limited Special Forces operation using Planetary Patrol vessels and men. Using the element of surprise, they could land on Europa and put an end to this.”
Cyrus felt the heat rising in his forehead. “Need I remind you that it’s not only Europa?”
“Mr. Chairman. The representative for Consolidated Mining wishes to speak,” a mining official jumping to his feet.
“The chair so recognizes.”
“Mr. Chairman. Why not give them what they want? We could give them limited autonomy. The fleet of tankers they abducted belongs to my company. We could demand payment for the tankers, charge them a tax for moving the loads through our space. We could pay them for the helium, the hydrogen, the water ice, and deuterium, but they will need goods from Earth. We could negotiate trade deals.” The room erupted into chaos.
Cyrus felt a ball of acid form in his stomach. His cheeks reddened in anger and his hands white-knuckled the podium. These spineless bastards are going to let this rabble have their way. The council went back and forth debating the issue well into the early hours of the morning. By the time they reached a decision, Cyrus Bonelli felt like resigning in frustration.
***
Captain Chambers sat in his chair on the command platform of the Port Royal. Next to him, in the first officer’s chair, sat his friend and new first officer, Craig Bannister. A cold chill shot down Chambers’ back. I wish they’d turn up the damn heat. He gazed down at the technicians manning the workstations on the bridge. The workstations consisted of computer panels and virtual keyboards. Cushioned chairs were set at each station for the operator.
His eyes roving the bridge, Chambers looked at the helm. He took in the weapons station, to the left of the helm. The chief weapons specialist directed fire communication with the weapons center. His eyes kept moving, taking in the engineering station, to the right of the helm. The engineering specialist communicated with the chief engineer in the engine room. One of the technicians, working on a computer, let out a curse. Chambers’ eyes drifted to the communications officer’s station. It set in front of the engineering specialist station, but slightly to his right. It filled space on the fore bulkhead next to the main viewscreen. I’m supposed to be in charge of all this? Somehow I don’t feel up to the task.
Chambers’ eyes moved to the left of the main viewscreen. A large bank of computer screens and other instruments occupied much of the bulkhead. He took in the science officer’s station. His eyes locked onto the main viewscreen occupying the entire foreword bulkhead. Space, the wonder of it all. A thrill shot through him.
Chambers drummed his fingers on the armrest of his chair. He waited for the traffic controller to allow them to leave the spacedock. They would soon join the fleet for space trials. Chambers and, Banister had been on board the Port Royal for seventy-two hours. It had been an eventful three days.
“Hurry up and wait,” Chambers said.
“That’s the navy way,” Banister said. “Patience, Captain.”
“Patience, hell. I want to kill something!” Chambers yelled in mock seriousness and they both laughed. He felt like a little kid on a grand adventure. His mind drifted back to his first morning on board the ship.
“Captain Chambers, this is your zero five hundred wakeup call. The kitchen staff will serve breakfast in the officers’ mess at zero six hundred hours. After breakfast, I’ll give you and Mr. Banister a tour of the ship, sir,” the voice of Ensign Palmer said. It came over the small speaker next to the captain’s bed. Chambers woke from a deep slumber, rolled out of bed placing his feet on the floor. He knuckled sleep from his eyes. Goose flesh beaded up on his arms and legs.
“All right. Thank you. I’m up.”
“Very well. Carry on sir,” Palmer said and ended the transmission.
“Lights on.” His cabin lights turned on. He rose to his feet, took his black robe along with a black pair of slippers from his seabag, and put them on. Dressed in his robe and slippers, he stumbled to the food and beverage station. “Coffee, Black.” A cup dropped into a slot, the coffee started brewing and a few seconds later, scalding hot coffee filled the cup. He took the cup, the warm cup feeling good to his cold hands, from the machine. Chambers stumbled over to the table in the center of his cabin, sat down, and took the first tentative sip of the hot liquid. “That’s what I’m talking about.” The hot coffee chased the cobwebs of sleep from his mind and after drinking two cups, he stepped into the shower.
“Water, hot. Vigorous massage.” The water in the shower turned on, Chambers lathered up his muscled body and then rinsed off. “Blow dry,” he said to the room’s computer. Hot jets of air hit his body drying him off. Stepping out of the shower, he headed back to the main cabin, took out a fresh uniform, and put it on. Dressed, he went to the room’s computer control panel. He set the computer system from voice-activated to, voice-activated audible response. From the list of personality choices, he chose, sensual, female. He entered the name, Mary Ann and entered his, own name under room occupant.
“Hello Mary Ann,” he said after setting the controls.
“Hello, Captain. How may I assist you?” a seductive female voice came over the room’s speakers in response.
“I’m fine Mary Ann. I'm checking out the system.” He went to the beverage station and retrieved another cup of coffee, polished his boots, and shined his brass belt buckle between occasional sips of coffee. Finished with his boots and buckle, he put on his boots and adjusted his uniform. He looked at the timepiece embedded in his wrist. It read 0558. The door chime rang. He stepped to the door. The door opened. Lieutenant Palmer and First Officer Bannister stood in the hallway.
“Are you ready for some breakfast sir?” Palmer asked.
“Boy Howdy. I’m about as hungry as an anorexic polar bear,” Chambers said.
“Right. If you’ll follow me, sir.” Palmer led them down the dim hallway.
“Did someone forget to pay the light bill? And why is it so cold in the hallway?” Chambers asked.
“The lights in the hallway are dim to simulate early morning. They’ll get brighter as the day goes by. The engineers turn the heat down in the corridors in the wee hours to conserve energy.”
“Interesting. How’d you sleep?” Chambers asked Bannister.
Banister shrugged. “Like a baby. How about you?”
“Like the dead. How’d you set your room’s computer?”
Banister grinned. “Female sensual with a French accent. I love a woman with a French accent.”
Chambers laughed. “I set mine to sensual, female American.”
“A deck not only consists of the bridge and officers’ mess. It also houses the PX, sickbay, and the officers’ pub. Our fitness center and recreational complex are also on A deck. It consists of a bowling alley, a movie theater, a concert hall, a sports arena, and a swimming pool. There is also a hot tub. There are several other pubs on this deck besides the officers’ pub. The bordello is at the end of the hallway,” Palmer said and led them down the main corridor toward the officers’ mess.
Chambers bottom jaw dropped. “The bordello? You mean there’s a whore house on board ship?”
“The brass prefers the term Comfort Station. This is a Deep Space Battle Cruiser. It will be away from Earth for years at a time. Military REGs frown on fraternization among the ship’s military personnel. They realize that people have needs. The comfort girls, and the people working in the PX or at the REC center or in the pubs, work for an outside contractor. They are there to serve the needs of the service. Fraternization with contracted personnel is okay.” Palmer stepped into the officers’ mess. Chambers and Bannister followed. A few low-ranking officers sat at the various tables. They gave Chambers and Bannister the once over. Palmer grabbed a metal tray moving down the serving line. Chambers and Bannister picked up their trays and followed. Food workers piled scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, and a stack of pancakes onto their trays. A man in his fifties with short gray hair stepped out of the kitchen. He approached the three officers and snapped off a salute.
“Captain Chambers. First Officer Bannister. Welcome aboard. I am Mess Sergeant Austen Jones. I hope you gentleman enjoy your meal.”
“If it tastes as good as it smells I’ll be happy,” Chambers said.
“If there is anything you need, don't be afraid to ask.” At the end of the serving line, Chambers poured himself a cup of coffee and they found a seat. On the table, set a pitcher of orange juice, Maple syrup, and salt and peppershakers. Chambers poured himself some orange juice and poured Maple Syrup over his hotcakes. Taking a bite from the stack of pancakes, he savored the first morsel in his mouth.
“This food is delicious. How can the mess hall maintain this level of proficiency, once we’ve been, at space for a year or more?” Chambers asked.
“The ship is self-sufficient. We grow and raise, own food down on the farm. I’ll show you after we eat. I’m sure the chief horticulturist will give you the grand tour,” Palmer said.
“Interesting. I’d enjoy seeing this farm,” Bannister said. Finished with breakfast, Palmer led them out of the officers’ mess. They headed down the hallway. Palmer showed them the PX, the sickbay, and the fitness center. He showed them the recreation facilities and the security center. Palmer gave them a tour of the science labs, the fire station, and the damage control center. The last place they saw on A-deck was the bordello. Chambers noticed a few young women in skimpy attire sitting at a bar drinking. He breathed in the smell of perfume. The madam in charge took them on a tour. She explained to the captain that all the girls had regular medical checkups. She said that they were free of any sexually transmitted diseases and said that they were there to support the troops.
After leaving the bordello, Palmer led Chambers and Bannister to the turbo lifts. They boarded a lift and headed down into the bowels of the ship. “We’re passing decks A-1, A-2, and A-3 which consists of officers sleeping berths. The officers’ cabins are slightly bigger than the Non-Com quarters. The Non-Com quarters are further below,” Palmer said. Palmer gave them a tour of the shuttle bay, the cargo bay, and the weapons center. Further, into the bowels of the ship, he showed them the Fleet Marine decks. The decks housed their onboard training facilities, office complex, and troop berthing area. The troop area was empty, except for a couple of officers in the officers’ complex. Palmer introduced Chambers and Bannister to the Fleet Marine commander.
Below the Fleet Marine area, was the crew berthing area for the Navy enlisted personnel. One deck below this lay the engine room. Palmer showed off the fusion reactor and the gravity generator. He showed them the huge compressors that provided the ship’s oxygen. Palmer introduced the captain and first officer to the chief engineer. The last stop of the tour was the farm.
Chambers stepped out of the turbo lift and stood in the center of the deck. He gazed about in awe breathing in the rich aroma of animal dung. On the aft end of the deck set several pens where cattle and sheep grazed. He saw an area housing chickens and turkeys. There was a vast field of vegetables and several water tanks. His eyes wandered to an office complex occupying the fore-end of the deck. An older white-headed man wearing a white lab coat approached them.
“Hello, Captain. I’m Chris Webster. Chief horticulturalists. Would you like a tour of the farm?”
“I’d love one.” The horticulturist showed them the lab area where they cloned the embryos. He showed them where they raised the animals until they were old enough to graze on their own. Then he showed them the meat house where they butchered the animals and processed the meat.
“What are these water tanks for?” Chambers asked.
“The four vertical tanks, which are open on the top, are our fish ponds. We raise a variety of fresh water and saltwater fish, plus lobsters and scrimp. Those large circular tanks standing horizontally are the ship’s water supply. The building next to those tanks is the water treatment facility. Every drop of water used onboard the ship gets recycled.”
“You mean that last cup of coffee I drank came from piss water?”
The white-haired horticulturist laughed. “No. The wastewater gets broken down to its purest form. The water in your coffee came from pure H2o. Even the solid waste generated on the ship is, used. We use it as fertilizer to grow our crops. The growth cycles are every three weeks. Every three weeks we slaughter the meat-bearing animals and bring in a vegetable crop. We use growth hormones. We grow our, own feed for the animals. It is very self-sufficient. We can supply the ship’s personnel with a well-balanced diet indefinably. That concludes the tour, Captain. Do you have any questions? If not, I’m sure you have other duties you’d like to attend to.”
“You might want to check the ship personnel records or compile a duty roster. We’re short on people, right now. I’m sure there are things you need to do to prepare for the admiral’s briefing,” Palmer said.
“Yes. Let’s head topside. Duty calls.” They headed for the turbo lifts.
Chambers and Bannister rode the turbo lift down to the shuttle bay at nineteen hundred and thirty hours ship time. They scheduled a shuttle flight to the CEU Saratoga for the admiral’s briefing.
“Are you ready?” Bannister asked.
Chambers laughed. “I’m about as nervous as a two-dollar whore in church, but I’m ready. Right now, the ship is so understaffed that I do not see how he expects us to do any space trials. I have duty rosters from the department heads and I have a list of all personnel on board. I have status reports from every department head.”
Banister gripped Chambers’ arm. “You’ll do fine. This is only a shakedown cruise. We’ll have a full boat when we launch the actual mission.” The doors to the turbo lift opened, they stepped into the launch bay and a young pilot stood up giving them a salute.
“Captain Chambers. First Officer Bannister, your shuttle waits.”
“Lead the way,” Chambers said. The shuttle pilot led them through an airlock, onto the shuttle bay and led them to the captain’s shuttle setting in the center of the launch bay.
“If you gentlemen will find yourselves a seat and strap in, we’ll take off shortly.” They sauntered up the boarding ramp onto the shuttle. The pilot headed forward through a small hatchway to the cockpit. Chambers and Bannister sat down in a row of seats facing the fore-end of the shuttle. Behind them set the captain’s lounge. The pilot’s voice came over the PA system calling the launch control center.
“Captain’s shuttle to launch control, request permission to launch.”
“Captain’s shuttle you are a go for launch out of tube three in ninety-second. You may proceed to launch gate three,” the launch control officer said. They felt the shuttle move into position. Buzzers ring throughout the launch bay.
“All personnel clear the launch bay.” The voice of the launch control officer came over the speaker once more. “Port Royal captain’ shuttle you are clear to launch.” Gee forces pushed them back into their seats as the shuttle shot down the launch tube and out to space.
Their shuttle landed on the launch bay of the CEU-Saratoga a few minutes later. Chambers and Bannister gazed out a porthole in awe at the size of the shuttle bay. When the launch control restored oxygen to the launch bay, they disembarked. A young naval ensign met them at the exit ramp.
“Gentleman. I am Ensign Hamilton. Admiral Ivanov requests that you meet him in the officers’ mess. He has a banquet prepared. If you would follow me.”
“Lead the way,” Chambers said. The ensign led them through an airlock to a turbo lift on A deck and then led them down to the officers’ mess. They stepped into the mess hall. For a few seconds, Chambers stood staring about. Tables covered with silk tablecloths and fine china filled the room. The officers of the new fleet sat at tables throughout the mess hall. They engaged in light conversation while drinking wine from expensive goblets. Stewards poured drinks and brought appetizers before the main course. They catered to the officers' every need. The smell of delicious food permeated the room causing Chambers’ stomach to rumble.
“Captain Chambers and First Officer Bannister. If you will follow me, I’ll show you to your table,” a black steward at the doorway said. They followed him through the crowded dining hall.
“This is some fancy, doings,” Chambers said.
“I know you’d rather be sitting somewhere eating a greasy burger with your sleeves rolled up. At least try to act civilized.” The stewards brought plates filled with boiled lobster. Others brought plates filled with roast beef and mashed potatoes. Still, others filled their goblets with wine. Bannister spread a napkin across his lap. Chambers tossed his napkin aside and dug in with abandonment.
Banister shook his head. “I can’t take you anywhere.”
After the meal, Admiral Boris Ivanov stood before the assembled officers.
“Gentleman. If you haven’t seen the news, I’ll play a clip for you that aired on the VID-net last night.” He turned on the VID screen on the bulkhead behind him. The image of Shawn Gallagher filled the screen. They watched him declare independence and announce the formation of the New Republic. A hush fell over the mess hall. When the VID clip finished playing, Admiral Ivanov turned off the VID screen.
“That man’s face looks familiar,” Chambers whispered to Bannister.
“How will this affect our mission?” one of the officers asked.
“It shouldn’t affect it at all. The Navy has other ships and troops to deal with the situation. Rumor has it that they are going to use the PPF forces. When our launch window arrives, the planets in our solar system will be in alignment. We will use Jupiter’s orbit to sling-shot us to the outer edges of the solar system. If these rabble-rousers give us any problem, we’ll destroy them. If they don’t, we’ll leave them for others to deal with.” Ivanov took a drink of wine from his goblet and continued. “You have all chosen to dedicate your lives and careers to the Federal Defense. Don’t expect to see home for quite some time. Sitting before you at the table is your orders. Once we leave the solar system, we will split the fleet. I will take half the fleet to system 23595. Admiral Larsen will lead the rest of the fleet to Alpha Centauri. Our mission is to contact any alien life forms that we encounter. We are to establish trade and secure new technologies as well as habitable worlds to colonize. There are other civilizations out there. I would like to make peaceful contact with them and form alliances.”
Ivanov turned the VID screen back on. He hit the still frame mode and started a slide show. “These images are from the archived rubble of the old regime. These slides show evidence that aliens from out of our solar system have visited Earth in its past.” On the screen, images of a flying disk appeared. Ivanov clicked to the next image. It showed a gray alien with an egg-shaped head, cat-like eyes, and gray rubbery skin.
“These are the grays. These may be some of the sentient beings we will find. Our scientists found some references to some species known as the Paladins. They are some type of Nordic humanoid race, but who knows? Gentlemen, we are about to make history.”
“How long will we be at space?” someone asked.
“Twenty-five years. We expect twelve years of travel time there and back, plus a year on station. Space trials will begin in three days.” A collective sigh came from the room. “I wish we had the technology as they showed in the old regimes entertainment shows. It would be convenient to pop across the galaxy using warp drive. It would be like Captain Kirk in the old television show known as Star Trek. So far, that technology eludes us. Our scientists are working on similar technologies to bend space and time.”
Admiral Ivanov opened the floor to questions. There were quite a few, but it was a more somber crowd that exited the mess hall after the mission briefing. Admiral Ivanov took his visiting officers on a tour of his war room after the briefing. The war room consisted of an upper deck above the main bridge. It had a clear hardened dome overhead instead of a metallic hull. With the magnification of the clear dome, he could see all the ships in the fleet. In the center of the war room, set a long table. The table’s surface consisted of a computer screen. The holographic images of each ship in the fleet appeared on the screen. Computer consoles and workstations occupied the bulkheads on the edges of the dome.
“I wanted you gentleman to see this,” Ivanov said. He motioned to the exterior of the clear super-hardened dome. Chambers and Bannister stared in awe at the massive vessels surrounding them.
***
The voice of the traffic controller brought Chambers’ mind back to the present. It reverberated throughout the bridge coming from the communications officer's station.
“Traffic Control to the Port Royal. You are clear to leave the spacedock. Watch for incoming traffic. Have a pleasant voyage,” the controller said.
Chambers flipped the com switch on the arm of his chair. He overrode the communications officer’s station. “Roger, Traffic Control. We’ll see you in three months.” Chambers looked at the technician at the communications officer’s station. “Contact engineering. Have them blow the docking bolts.” A bang reverberated through the ship’s hull when the explosive bolts blew. The Port Royal drifted from the docking bay. Chambers looked at the technician manning the helm. “Take us out easy. Let’s form up with the fleet.”
“Aye Captain,” the technician said and pulled the ship forward.
Chambers looked at Banister and grinned. “Are you ready to see what this bucket can do?”
“You better believe it.” A grin crossed Banister’s face as well. The Port Royal moved away from the spacedock and took its place with the fleet. The new fleet, along with its support vessels, took a turn around the globe and then broke orbit heading to deep space.
***




Chapter 7

Shawn Gallagher leaned back in his chair at his desk in the office complex on Europa. He heaved a sigh. His mind flashed back going over the last three weeks, and he marveled at all they had accomplished. They had formed a temporary government. With John Wilson’s help, they drafted a written Declaration of Independence and transmitted the document to the Council of Economic Unions. Wilson wrote a manifesto declaring their demands. Shawn transmitted it to the council as well and completed the final draft of their government’s new constitution.
Shawn served as the temporary president. He appointed John as his temporary Secretary of Defense. Another one of his closest friends, James Atkins, filled in as the Vice President. Jerry Holliday accepted a position as the head of security and intelligence. Jerry was another good friend of Shawn's with a former military background. Another former military man, Chuck Ballantine, became the Secretary of the treasury.
For the past three weeks, the former miners had been busy training. They familiarized themselves with the new weapons, preparing for the eventual federal assault. Others built defensive positions. Chuck Ballantine, who was in charge of the new mint built a press, where they minted gold and silver coins. Their preparations for the federal assault were going well, but Shawn felt vulnerable. The mercenary force that Ludwig Von Wolf promised had yet to show up. If the federal forces arrived first, they would be in a world of hurt.
“When can we expect Ludwig’s MERCs to arrive?” Shawn asked looking up at the men gathered for the morning briefing.
Holliday drummed his fingers on the armrest of his chair. “Any time now. I sent him an encrypted VID transmission. Supposedly they left their base in the asteroid belt two months ago.”
“What do your sources say about the federal response, now that we’ve made the declaration?” Shawn brushed a strand of hair from his face.
“Rumor is that they might be trying some clandestine operation using the PPF. I also hear rumors of a much larger troop buildup.”
“What about our aw-shit plan?” Shawn whipped a few beads of sweat from his brow.
Holliday laughed. “Everything is going according to the plan.”
“It’s good to have friends in accounting that can hide where the money or material is going,” Shawn said. “I still can’t believe we pulled this off right under Consolidated Security’s nose.”
Holliday nodded. “Yeah. It took a lot of time and hard work. If you have the paperwork filled out, right, they give it the rubber stamp and send it on its way.”
Shawn looked at Wilson. “John what about the troops? How goes the training?”
“They’re doing as good as we can expect for men that have been out of the service for a while. We’ll speed up the training when Ludwig’s people get here.”
“Will they be ready when the feds arrive? That’s the question.”
John paused and then lit a cigar. The rich aroma of tobacco smoke drifted across the room. “They will be. When it comes to that, everyone will fight.”
“What about the mint? Are the men happy about the new coinage and the new pay scales?”
Ballantine shrugged. “Pretty much. Right now, our warehouse is full. If this thing goes on too long and commodities get scarce, things might change.”
“If there’s nothing else, I’ll go down to site D and see how they’re coming on my new space cruiser,” Shawn said.
John laughed, fanning smoke from in front of his face. “It was nice of the PPF to have one at the spaceport when this went down.”
“Yeah, I know. As soon as the boys finish the modifications, I need to take a trip to the asteroid belt. I need to see if we can make that deal with Mr. Wolf about those ships. I wish his MERCs would show up first.”
“There is that other matter you asked me to look into,” Holliday said.
Shawn’s face took on a look of concern. “I’d almost forgotten about that. What did you find out?”
“He graduated high school in San Diego, applied for robotics school but got rejected. They drafted him into Federal Forces like we figured they would. They assigned him to Fleet Marines Space Division. He is doing his boot camp right now at the Lunar training depot on the dark side of Earth’s moon. He’s taken some flack because of all this.”
“I hope he doesn’t suffer too much because of what I’ve done.”
Holliday shrugged. “It’s not too bad. The political officers are keeping an eye on him. From what my sources say, he’s pretty much following the party line.”
Shawn leaned forward resting his elbows on the table. “I wish I could get him out of their clutches. If he was here I could undo the brainwashing that the system has stuffed in his ears for the last fourteen years. When he completes boot camp and advanced training, see if you can find out where his first duty station is. I’d like to send a team to pull a snatch and grab, then bring him back here.”
Holliday nodded. “I’ll see what I can do.”
“Good. Keep me posted. I guess that’s it. I want to see how they’re coming with my ship.” Shawn dismissed the men from the briefing and stood to his feet. A sense of sadness and regret sank into Shawn’s being when his thoughts drifted to his brother David. God how I wish he were here with me now.
Shawn stepped out of his office and headed down a corridor. He passed several more offices and exited the office complex. Heading down another hallway, he passed the company store, the miner’s lounge, and the REC-room. A large building with a hardened glass dome covering its roof set atop the mining complex. The top-level housed the support facilities, such as the medical center, the cafeteria. It housed other facilities that the miners needed to survive on Europa.
The second level housed the maintenance and engineering department. The engineering department held the machines, which provided the oxygen for the facility. It held huge gravity generators, which produced an Earth-like gravity for the mines. There was a network of tunnels that connected all the mining sites on Europa.
Shawn shivered from the cool temperatures in the corridor and hurried to the nearest turbo lift. He rode it down to level two and headed down a narrow corridor to maintenance. A young maintenance tech smiled when he stepped into the maintenance shed. “Hello, Mr. President. What can I do for you?”
Shawn laughed. He was having a hard time getting used to people calling him Mr. President. “I need a sled. I’d like to go over to site-D and see how the boys are coming along on my new space cruiser.”
“I got one right here. I charged the batteries and did a tune-up on this one. It’s yours if you want it.” Shawn looked down at the small vehicle. It reminded him of the old-fashioned scooters that kids used to ride. It consisted of a driver’s seat with a T bar control handle. Behind the driver’s seat was a flat dump bed, which the miners used to carry equipment back and forth in the mines.
“Thanks.” Shawn sat down in the driver’s seat and switched on the machine, using a thumb switch on the left T handle handgrip. The sled hummed to life and rose two inches off the ground on a cushion of air. He turned the handle hit the forward thrust button with his right thumb and cranked the throttle. The machine moved forward and Shawn turned around. He exited the maintenance shed through a large roll-up door and headed down the corridor. Passing several doorways in the metal bulkheads on his left and right, he headed down the corridor. He took a turbo lift down several levels into the bowels of Europa.
Shawn exited site A through a massive set of steel-reinforced doors. The metal bulkhead gave way to the icy walls of the tunnel system. He left site A behind traveling underneath the surface of Europa through the vast network of tunnels that connected the mining sites. Tiny flakes of ice flew up into the air while the sled hummed along. To Shawn, it felt as though he was driving through an ice storm. He leaned over the T bar peering into the tunnel ahead of him. The hum of the sled’s thrusters echoed off the icy walls of the tunnel provided, a background noise.
Forty-five minutes later, Shawn reduced speed. The electronic eye on the door registered his approach. The steel doors opened. Shawn pulled into the maintenance building and turned off the sled. He climbed off the vehicle and crossed the messy floor to a raised platform. Men gathered around a sleek-looking space cruiser. Shawn breathed in the smell of grease and oil. He watched one of the men put a fresh coat of ocean blue paint on the exterior of the craft.
“How goes it?” Shawn asked, stepping up to the group.
“Fine Mr. President. Our painter here is going to add the gold trim plus the presidential seal, once the base coat dries. Your new ship should be ready for space in a couple of days,” a young blond-headed maintenance tech said.
Shawn gazed about. “Would you mind if I take a look inside?”
“Not at all. I’ll give you the grand tour.” Shawn jumped up onto the platform and followed the maintenance tech up the boarding ramp. They went through an airlock and stepped into a lounge area. Another maintenance tech rolled out a long roll of ocean blue shag carpet. Shawn looked around the lounge. There were two leather couches, a bar, and a food and beverage center. There was a stereo system and a VID screen on the bulkhead next to the airlock.
“What about the hidden storage areas I asked for?”
“They’re right under our feet. These J bolts on the floor will be out of sight, once they install the carpet. You'll have to move the furniture and lift these little squares of carpeting to get to them. Pull up on the J bolts, give them a turn and remove sections of the deck covers to access the storage. We tore out part of the former crew area and created a small cargo bay. We also created a hidden storage area under the deck in the bay. We had some guys cut away a section of the hull on the aft end to create a door to unload equipment. They’re installing the hydraulics to raise and lower the ramp as we speak.”
Shawn smiled. “Excellent.”
“Would you like to see the bridge?”
“That was going to be my next request.” The maintenance tech led him forward and through a hatchway to the bridge. Two plush black leather seats were set facing forward. A bank of computer consoles was set in front of the chairs. Mounted in the forward bulkhead was a rectangular viewscreen.
The maintenance tech smiled. “One person can fly this baby with ease. The seat on the left is the captain’s station. He operates the helm. The one on the right is the co-pilot's station. It doubles as the communications officer's station. If you have to fly by yourself, let’s say your co-pilot is unavailable. Maybe he’s getting a few hours rack time; you can divert his systems to your station. We’ve installed small laser cannons and small plasma torpedoes to the bottom of the vessel. This baby packs a big punch. You access the weapons from both the pilot and co-pilot’s chair.”
“Cool. You people are doing a great job.”
“Would you like to see your quarters?”
Shawn nodded. “Lead the way.” Shawn followed the maintenance tech back the way they came. They headed across the lounge to another hatchway. They stepped into a narrow passageway. The maintenance tech opened a door on his left.
“This is your quarters.” Shawn looked into the room and saw a queen-sized bed that was set on a sea of plush blue carpet. There was a small wet bar, a small table, and a doorway that led to what he assumed was the bathroom.
“Nice.” Shawn stepped back out into the passageway. The maintenance tech opened a door on his right and Shawn stuck his head in the door.
“This is the crew berthing area.” Shawn saw four flip-down metal racks. There were two on each side of a narrow passageway, complete with mattresses and blankets. There were storage bins built into the bulkhead underneath each bunk. At the end of the passageway set a table, with four chairs set on the metal diamond plate covering the floor. A hatchway in the aft bullhead lead to what Shawn assumed was the crew’s bath and shower room. They stepped back into the hallway. Shawn followed the maintenance tech to the hatchway at the end of the central corridor. “This is your cargo bay.” Shawn looked across the small rectangular-shaped bay. He watched the men on the aft end raise the door. “We’re putting in the hydraulic system now. When we’re finished, you’ll have a ramp to load and unload cargo, plus another airlock back here.”
“Good. Let your people know that I’m pleased. They do good work.” Finished with the tour, Shawn stood with the men gathered around the small vessel. He shook their hands. “Thank you men for all your hard work.”
“When do you think the feds will attack?” one of the men asked.
“I hope they don’t. I hope they give in to our demands, but if they do, it will take at least six months for them to get a sizable force together. We’ve got a lot of work to do between now and then.”
“Where are you off to now sir?” someone asked.
“I thought I’d check on our new military forces and see how the training’s going. Then I thought I’d take a rover out on the surface and check on the men preparing for our defense.”
“Thanks for stopping by, Mr. President. You’re welcome here any time. We’re putting in a lot of overtime to get your ship ready. The men will do you proud,” the maintenance tech that had given Shawn the tour of the vessel said.
“I’m already proud.” Shawn climbed back on the sled, exited the maintenance shed, and sped down a wide corridor toward a large turbo lift. He rode the lift down to the next level, housing the new military complex. He hit the thrusters on the sled, exited the turbo lift, entered the new military complex, and headed through a -maze of corridors until he reached the office complex. Shawn met Wilson at his office, left the sled there and they climbed into a hovercraft. John climbed into the driver’s seat, flipped a lever on the dashboard and a clear glass dome flipped down covering the driver’s compartment. There was a faint whine inside the vehicle when John turned on the craft’s engine. John moved the T handle in the center of the console forward and the vehicle moved forward riding on a cushion of air.
“Where to first Mr. President?”
“Knock off the Mr. President stuff. I’ve about had enough of that.”
John laughed. “That’s something you’re going to have to get used to. So where to?”
“You’re driving.”
John moved the joystick forward. The hovercraft increased speed and they headed down the main corridor. “Let’s head to the rifle range.” They approached an intersection where two tunnels met. John took a left turn and pulled into a large cavern. The interior lighting lit up the underground shooting range. John pulled up next to the range tower. He stopped in front of a large wooden structure setting next to the firing line. Men lay in the prone position at their shooting stations. They fired at targets three hundred yards downrange. Shawn climbed out of the hovercraft. The voice of the range master came from exterior speakers on the tower.
“Cease fire! Let’s take a break!” The soldiers of the New Republic gathered around their new president. The men saluted and stood at attention.
“As you were,” Shawn said and the men gathered around him. “Are you guys ready to kick some federal ass?” A cheer rose from the group.
“You bet your ass we are,” one of the soldiers said.
Shawn smiled. “Good. I hope it doesn’t come to that. I hope the council will listen to reason.”
“Fat chance of that,” someone said.
Wilson grinned. “What other government can the president walk among his people freely? The presidents of the economic unions don't go anywhere without their entourage. They couldn’t even do that in the old United States.”
“I hope it stays this way.”
The range master climbed down the wooden ladder from his tower. The grizzled old sergeant smiled, extended his hand and they shook. “What can we do for you, Mr. President?”
“I came to see you people shoot.”
“We’ve spent the last three days familiarizing ourselves with the new weapons and snapping in. Now we’re shooting to qualify. If you’ll take a seat in the bleachers behind the shooting stations, we’ll continue.”
“Good. Carry on sergeant,” Shawn said.
“You heard the man! Take your positions!” a young corporal assisting the range master yelled. The men scrambled to their shooting stations. Gallagher and Wilson took seats in the bleachers. The troops opened up with their M-23 blasters. They fired solid projectiles and then switched to laser blast. After using up several energy packs, they switched to the explosive rounds. The sound of gunfire echoed through the underground cavern.
“What do you think?” John asked after watching the first group shoot.
Shawn paused for a second. “They’re doing all right. They could use more shooting time.”
“Have you seen enough?”
Shawn nodded. “Yeah. Let’s roll.” They climbed back into the hovercraft. John headed across the icy cavern leaving the shooting range behind. They stopped to watch some men run through an obstacle course. The troops jumped over walls and ran across balance beams. They climbed wooden towers, and at the top, they repelled to the ground.
“They’ll shape up,” John said.
“Yeah, but we need to be outside on the surface training with their weapons in EVA suits.”
“That’s in the works. Have you seen enough?”
“Yeah. Take me back to my sled.”
John drove across the cavern heading back to the office complex and passed a squad bay. Shawn glanced out the passenger window watching a platoon practice close order drill. His mind flashed back to his days in the Federal Defense Forces.
“Do you think they’ll be ready?” Shawn asked watching the troops marching in step.
“God I hope so.”
***
Linda Van Horn sat at her station listening to music on a set of headphones. She drummed her fingers on her console and logged onto a computer game, trying to stave off the boredom. Normally, a shift in traffic control was stressful. There were always ships entering and leaving the system. She zoomed in with the station's exterior cameras. She saw all the tanker ships parked on the surface of the various moons orbiting Jupiter. Before they took over the station, a shift in the main control center flew by. You kept busy talking to inbound or outbound vessels and tried to verify each ship's registry.
Her orders were simple: to watch for and identify inbound traffic. Since the takeover, not a single ship had approached from the Asteroid belt. Jan Cunningham worked at the next station. She crossed the control center from the beverage station, handed Linda a cup of coffee, and offered her a doughnut from a tray.
“Thank you,” Linda said taking a doughnut and a cup of coffee. Jan brushed a strand of strawberry blonde hair out of her face and sat down at her workstation.
“Another boring shift. Things were never like this before,” Jan said. She tossed back her dark hair and took a drink from her coffee cup.
“We'd better enjoy it while it lasts. When the federal troops arrive things are going to get exciting.”
“That scares me. What are we supposed to do if they retake the station?”
“Didn’t you see the directive? If they get by the troops garrisoned here, we’re to seal off the control center. We're to flee in the escape pods.” Linda blew across the rim of her coffee cup cooling of the hot liquid and brushed doughnut crumbs off her lap.
“I hope it doesn’t come to that. I hope they can reach some kind of agreement.”
A beeping sound coming from her console caused Linda to look down at her screen. “Holy shit!” Linda said. She straightened up in her seat. Her hands moved across the virtual keyboard activating her communications system.
“What?” Jan asked, turning to her screen.
“I’ve got over two hundred frigates and space cruisers inbound from the asteroid belt on my scope. I hope they’re friendly and not PPF!”
***
After viewing the troops, John drove back to where they left the sled. “Where are you off to now?” he asked.
“I thought I’d head topside and go out on the surface. I want to check out a rover from the motor pool and see how the construction crews are doing. Those fighting positions need to be right when the federal boys show up.” Shawn climbed out of the vehicle.
“Climb back in. I’ll take you there and go with you.”
Shawn climbed back into the hovercraft. When they reached the office complex at site A, they donned EVA suits and headed down the corridor to the main exit. Inside the airlock, they put on their helmets and checked their oxygen tanks. Finished with the equipment checks, Shawn opened the outer door. They stepped out onto the surface of Europa. Their gravity boots kept them from floating away in the low gravity. They crossed the icy street to the motor pool. Inside the EVA suit, Shawn shivered from the cold. He adjusted the suit’s environmental controls using a tiny knob on the base of his helmet. They entered the motor pool through the main airlock. John secured an atmospherically contained land rover and headed out onto the surface. Shawn stored their EVA suits in a storage compartment behind the cockpit of the vehicle. On the first day of the strike, the pilots parked the tanker ships on the surface. Shawn had them moved to create obstacles for an invading federal force. He wanted to channel the opposing troops down a small series of canyons, near the mining facility.
Near the top of these canyons, construction crews built bunkers and fighting positions. On the floor of the canyon, a work detail dug spider holes and tank traps. What Shawn hoped to do was to catch the federal troops on the canyon floor in an ambush. He wanted a good field of fire from both sides to catch the federal forces in a crossfire.
“Pull over,” Shawn said.
John brought the Land Rover to a stop. They suited up in their EVA suits and did an equipment check. Finished with the equipment check, Shawn exited the vehicle and John stepped out of the airlock behind him. Using the jet packs built into their EVA suits, they shot up into the air and set down on the top of the ridge. Shawn paused for a few seconds looking across the icy planes of Europa. The surface of the moon looked like a rolling sea of ice. The canyons were created using heavy equipment and they used the tanker ships setting them up as obstacles between the series of canyons. The canyons looked like scars upon the ice. The intent was to close off all other approaches to the mining colony. Entering the fighting position through a tunnel leading down into the ridgeline, they descended toward the edge of the canyon and stepped into a ten by ten rectangular room. It had an opening in the ice where a man could shoot down at the floor of the canyon below. Two men working in the fighting positions snapped to attention.
“Mr. President, sir. Nobody told us you were coming,” one of the men said. He seemed nervous.
“I thought I’d stop by to see how things are progressing,” Shawn said.
“As you can see sir,” the man said motioning to the room. “We have finished construction of this position. We’re mounting the main guns and storing equipment. We’ll move to the next position shortly. There’s another crew working on the other side of the canyon.”
Shawn took in his surroundings. Construction crews mounted a large laser-powered weapon to the opening overlooking the canyon. Stacks of M-23 blasters along with ammo and energy packs were set in the corner. There were also boxes of grenades and a stack of rocket launchers. “Good. You men are doing good work.”
“Thank you, sir.”
Shawn’s com-link beeped. “Gallagher here,” he said into the voice-activated mike.
The voice of Shawn’s secretary came through the speakers on Shawn’s EVA suit. “Mr. President. I got a com from spacedock. Linda says we’ve got company coming. You’d best get back here in a hurry.”
***



Chapter 8


David Gallagher and Alonzo Garcia looked out of a porthole as their shuttle approached the spacedock orbiting the planet. They stared out at the massive vessels docked at the space station. Alonzo’s eyes widened. An entire fleet of larger vessels was in a stationary orbit off by themselves. A spider web of mooring lines and docking tubes connected the vessels to the space station.
“Look at those ships over there. They’re gigantic!” Alonzo said.
“Those are the ships of that new fleet they were talking about on the news. They’re leaving the solar system and heading to deep space.”
Alonzo nodded. “I’d love to get assigned to one of those babies.”
David shook his head. “Not me. I don’t mind being gone from Earth for a year or two, but those ships might not come back for quite a while.” Their shuttle approached a huge set of steel doors. They saw a red flashing light when the shuttle bay doors slid open. Their shuttle flew through the launch bay doors and onto the landing bay. The outer doors closed behind them. They felt a slight jolt when the shuttle touched down on the bay.
The voice of the shuttle’s pilot came over the shuttle’s PA system. “They have restored oxygen and gravity to the landing bay. You may disembark.” David and Alonzo stood to their feet, stepped out into the aisle way, and followed the crowd to the exit ramp. When they stepped onto the bay, David paused, shivering from the cold. He glanced around. Several other shuttles were docked nearby. Young men and women made their way across the bay to an airlock. A few older men in military uniforms were, mixed in with them that arrived on the shuttles. The noise of conversation drifted across the deck. David looked up. A launch control center, enclosed in hardened glass, towered above them.
“Let’s move it! Follow the crowd to the airlock! Show the receptionist in the lobby your orders and she’ll direct you to your connecting flight! We need to clear this launch bay so we can bring in some more shuttles!” a dark-haired naval ensign standing next to the exit ramp yelled.
“Right. Yes sir,” David said. He followed the crowd toward the airlock with Alonzo walking along beside him. They crowded into the airlock with several other inductees. There was a hiss of air, the inner doors opened and they stepped out into a massive lobby. Green carpeting covered the deck and to their right. There were large glass windows that looked out to space. Spaceships of every size and description were docked at the space station.
In front of them set four reception desks. Lines of inductees and military men in uniform stood in front of the desk. Conversation buzzed through the room. On the bulkhead behind the reception desks, mounted near the ceiling hung a large VID screen. It announced arrivals and departures of various ships. They fell into the back of the nearest line.
“Hurry up and wait,” Alonzo said.
“I guess that’s something we’re going to have to get used to.” After a half-hour of waiting, David reached a reception desk.
“Scan your wrist across my pad,” the blonde-haired female ensign at the reception desk said. David breathed in the sweet smell of her perfume. Thinking that she looked pretty in her uniform, he complied with her request. “You’re shipping out on the CEU-Pathfinder. Take corridor C to dock tube twenty-five. The Pathfinder will leave at twenty-three hundred hours. You have two hours to kill. Boarding will start in one hour.” She shot David a smile and handed David his boarding pass. 
“Thank you, ma’am.” He stepped out of line. Alonzo stepped up to the desk scanning his wrist on the scan pad and the ensign gave Alonzo his boarding pass.
“We’re on the same transport. How do you want to kill the next two hours?” Alonzo asked.
David Shrugged. “Lead me to the nearest pub.”
They explored the spaceport for twenty minutes and found the local watering hole. Inductees dressed in civilian clothes and military men waiting for transport filled the barroom. Loud music from the bar’s computerized jukebox filled the air. They sat down at the bar next to a couple of other inductees. The smell of alcohol and tobacco smoke filled the room.
“What are you blokes drinking? I’ll buy,” a blond-headed inductee sitting next to David said, extending his hand. “I’m Louis Martian. This bloke with the big nose is my buddy Paul Rosenbaum.”
“Beer. Make it a Blue Bomb. I’m David Gallagher. This is my buddy Alonzo Garcia.” They shook hands.
“Ignore this asshole. My nose is not that big. Well not quite as big as a house anyway. What ship are you guys going out on?”
“The Pathfinder. It leaves in a couple of hours,” Alonzo said.
“Us too. Maybe we’ll be in the same platoon. I hear Fleet Marine boot camp is brutal Mate,” Louis said. He motioned to the bartender and ordered four Blue Bombs.
“From what I hear, it’s way out on the dark side by the penal colonies,” Paul said.
“I ain’t a scared,” Alonzo said, puffing out his chest.
The bartender brought their drinks and David raised his glass. “A toast to whatever wild adventures awaits us at the lunar recruiting depot. To a glorious career in the Federal Defense Forces, however short or long it may be.”
“What did you put on your forms when they asked about whether you would consider going career?” Louis asked, belting back half of his beer.
“I marked the no box. I want to do my hitch and then try to get into some kind of trade school. Maybe after doing a hitch in the federal forces, my low GI rating won’t matter as much,” David said.
“I marked the no box. I can’t see spending the rest of my life out here in the solar system. Once my hitch is up, it’s back to bloody old England for me. My parents sent me to the North America Union to live with my uncle in Michigan. They thought I’d get a better education in the NAU. I went to high school in Coldwater Michigan with Paul here, but I miss home.”
“I marked the yes box. It could be an exciting career,” Paul said and looked at Alonzo. “What about you?”
“I marked the yes box. I figure to do one hitch and see how I like it. After that, I’ll decide whether to go career.” They sat in the pub drinking and getting acquainted. An announcement came over the room’s PA system. It said that boarding would begin on the CEU-Pathfinder. David bought the last round. He and Alonzo, along with their new friends, stumbled down the maze of corridors in a drunken stupor. They entered the docking bay where the CEU-Pathfinder set at space. They joined a long line of inductees at the docking tube. The tube opened, David led the way through and entered the airlock. A naval ensign pointed the way to the passenger bay. They found seats in the back near the lounge area. The ensign that met them when they boarded the ship stepped up in front of the passenger compartment.
“If I could have your attention. I am Ensign Taylor. I’ll be your flight attendant for the trip. We will leave the spacedock shortly and head for the moon. It should take us about forty-eight hours to get there. You’ll find a set of controls on the armrest of your chairs. The backrest lowers making a more comfortable bed. If you’re hungry, the galley will be open until midnight. The lounge will be open for the duration of the flight. If you’d like to play cards or do some drinking, that’s the place. It will be your last chance for booze if you want to drink. There is no drinking of alcohol at boot camp. The lights will dim at twenty-three hundred hours for those who would like to get some sleep. We will show an in-flight movie once we’re underway. Turn on the VID screen on the seat in front of you. The major entertainment channels are available through our satellite link. ETA for departure is ten minutes. You can watch the show on the VID screen or look out of the, nearest porthole. If you need anything please feel free to contact me. I hope you enjoy th1e flight.”
“I say we go get some brews and then come back to our seats. I’d kind of like to turn the VID screen to the exterior view and watch us leave spacedock,” David said.
“I second that Mate. Especially the part about the brews,” Louis said. Once they retrieved their beer, David sat at his seat flipping through the channels on the VID screen. He used the touchpads on the screen and stopped on the news channel when he saw a familiar face. The face of his brother, Shawn, filled the screen. The video announcing the independence of the mining colonies on Europa and the creation of the New Republic replayed. David’s fists balled up on his thighs. His nails dug into the palms of his hands, his face reddened and he let out a sigh. “What has that crazy son of a bitch gone and done now?”
“What?” Louis Martin said.
“That’s his brother. Forget about it,” Alonzo said. “It’s about departure time.” Alonzo reached over and touched the touchpad on the screen. The view changed showing the exterior of the ship. They heard a slight pop when the explosive bolts securing the mooring lines to the ship fired. The bolts blew, throwing the cables back away from the ship. The vessel drifted in space for a few seconds before the helmsman applied forward thrust.
David changed the VID screen to the movie channel. They watched a movie about the early colonization of Mars. He settled back to enjoy the movie trying to forget about the news and tried to ignore his pounding headache. The pilot of the CEC-Pathfinder flew the ship through one rotation of the planet and headed to the moon.
***
The flight to the moon was uneventful. After the in-flight movie, David, along with the rest of the inductees on board, drifted off to sleep. It had been a long hard day for them all. All though there is no day or night, in space, the ship operated on a twenty-four clock as if on Earth. They woke up at zero six hundred hours ship time and headed to the galley for breakfast. They spent the better part of the next two days playing cards in the lounge and drinking beer. The CEU-Pathfinder entered the moon’s orbit. All four of the young inductees still felt the effects of too much alcohol.
Ensign Taylor stood before the inductees once more. Most of the recruits crowded around the portholes. They were checking out the view, taking in the orbiting space station. Ships were at space awaiting departure. Others entered orbit waiting to dock and still other ships broke orbit heading to Mars or Earth. Shuttles flew back and forth from the surface ferrying troops.
“Gentlemen. I hope you enjoyed your flight. We will dock shortly at the lunar station. Gather your things and form up at the exit hatch,” Ensign Taylor said.
David and Alonzo picked up their traveling bags and stepped out into the aisle way. Louis and Paul stepped out behind them. They followed the crowd to the exit hatch, feeling a slight jolt when the ship docked. David looked out the nearest porthole. Workers wearing EVA suits equipped with jetpacks attached the mooring lines. A long tube extended, from the space station. One of the station’s workers moved to the end of the tube using the jetpack in his suit. He secured the docking tube to the Pathfinder’s exit hatch. The docking tube inflated. It stabilized when the space station’s oxygen tanks pumped it full of air.
Another ensign standing at the exit hatch opened the airlock. The inductees disembarked.
“This is cool,” Alonzo said, stepping through the outer airlock and into the docking tube. He took a little hop and floated up to the top of the tube enjoying the effects of weightlessness.
“Let me give it a try,” David said, taking a little hop, and floated to the top of the tube. The sensation made his stomach feel queasy.
“Gentlemen. Let’s move it. You’re backing up the line. We’ve got a lot of troops to disembark,” An officer behind them said. They floated back down to the bottom of the tube and headed toward the space station. The docking tube, made from a super-hardened rubber, wiggled back and forth. David put his hands on the side of the tube to maintain his balance. He looked through the clear rubber fabric taking in all the ships.
At the end of the tube, David stepped through another airlock and entered the space station. A red monitor mounted on the wall next to the ceiling said: Main Lobby. In front of the digital read-out, a red flashing arrow pointed the way. David turned left and they headed down the hallway following the crowd to the lobby. The narrow hallway intersected with a larger corridor. They turned right joining the crowd.
Military men and women moved against the stream. They were heading to the various ships docked at the space station. In the lobby, they stepped into line at the reception desk. Behind the reception desk, recessed into the bulkhead, set a bank of turbo lifts. When David reached the head of the line a naval officer sat at the desk. A young red-headed woman looked up and smiled. David glanced at a field of tiny freckles across the bridge of her nose. “Scan your wrist over my pad.” David complied with her request. “Mr. Gallagher you’re on shuttle flight three oh two. It leaves at twenty-three hundred hours. Take the turbo lift behind me. The shuttle bay is one deck below us.” She printed David’s boarding pass and handed it to him.
“Thank you, ma’am.” David stepped out of line. He stood to the side waiting for his friends to receive their boarding passes.
“I hope we get lucky Mate. I hope they assign us to the same platoon”
Paul grinned. “That’s all I need, to have you picking on me about my big nose for the next thirteen weeks.”
David laughed. “We'll be too busy to worry about that big honker of yours.”
“Not you too?” Paul enjoyed the good-natured teasing. They stepped into the turbo lift, along with six other inductees.
“Shuttle bay,” one of the inductees said to the turbo lift’s computer. The lift descended one deck below. The doors opened and they stepped into another smaller lobby. Green carpet covered the floor and a lone reception desk occupied the center of the room. A large set of metal doors set behind the reception desk recessed into the metal bulkhead. Above the doors, a red digital readout displayed the words: shuttle bay airlock. Padded benches lined the bulkhead in front of the desk. David headed over to a food and beverage station setting in a corner. He bought four beers and walked back to where his friends awaited. They popped the tops on their beers and sat down in the lobby to wait.
David drifted off to sleep in his chair. The voice of the receptionist announcing the boarding of flight 302 caused David to jerk his head up.
“Come on Amigo. That’s our flight,” Alonzo said. They stood to their feet and crossed the lobby to the airlock doors. The doors opened, they entered the airlock, the inner door opened and they stepped onto the shuttle bay. Several shuttles were set on the launch bay awaiting passengers. David glanced up at the launch control center towering above them. It consisted of a supper-hardened glass bulkhead. The traffic controllers worked behind it. It set one floor above them on the same level as the lobby.
“Boarding pass?” a young female ensign standing by the door said. David handed her his boarding pass. “You’re on flight three zero two. Follow the catwalk to the fourth row of shuttles. Yours will be the one on the far end by the bulkhead.”
“Thank you, ma’am.” They headed down the launch bay to their shuttle. The hatchway stood open with the boarding ramp extended. They went on board following several inductees up the ramp. David found four seats together near the middle of the passenger bay.
“More hurry up and wait,” Alonzo said.
“I know. It will be past bloody midnight before we even take off, I bet,” Louis said.
“Patience my friend. This Limy hates to wait for anything,” Paul said. The passenger area filled up. A member of the flight crew retracted the boarding ramp and closed the exit hatch.
“Please fasten your seat belts. It’s a short hop to the surface. The take-off is quite exhilarating,” the voice of the shuttle pilot said coming over the craft’s PA system. They fastened their seat belts. The shuttle moved across the launch bay lining up with its assigned launch tube and then came to a stop. David heard the voice of the traffic controller saying that flight 302 was free to launch.
“Here we go. Another E-ticket thrill ride,” Alonzo said. The Gee forces slammed them back into their seats. The shuttle shot down the tube spitting them out to space. Louis and Paul crowded around the portholes. They looked at the vessels docked at the spacedock. David and Alonzo looked over their shoulders. The shuttle descended toward the surface of the moon. They saw domed structures scattered about. There were towering boxy buildings rising above the ground. David noticed several tracked vehicles traversing the streets of the main lunar colony. The shuttle headed toward a large metal tower with a hardened glass dome at its top.
A set of steel doors opened underneath the glass dome. The shuttle lined up on the red flashing lights on the edge of the launch bay doors and flew inside the shuttle port. The launch bay doors closed. David felt a slight jolt when the shuttle set down on the metal deck. The launch control officer restored oxygen to the bay. One of the members of the flight crew opened the exit hatch and extended the boarding ramp. They picked up their gear, followed the crowd of inductees down the aisle, and exited the shuttle.
“Head through that airlock to the lobby and then take the turbo lift down to the bus depot. Your buses should be waiting as we speak,” an Air Force flight attendant standing by the exit hatch said. They headed toward the airlock following the crowd to the lobby while the first group of inductees entered the turbo lifts. Squeezing into a crowded turbo lift, they felt their stomachs drop. The lift seemed to descend forever.
When the turbo lift stopped, they stepped out into another lobby and stepped through a set of metal doors and into the bus depot. Several buses were lined up at a curb. They were long snake-like vehicles with three passenger sections that were set on steel wheels inside a metal track. The track helped the vehicle maintain traction on the lunar surface. A rubber buffer separated the passenger cars. An enclosed boxy tractor set hooked to the passenger cars to pull the bus across the lunar landscape.
They headed to the nearest bus, stepped through a small airlock, and entered the last car on the bus. David found seats at the rear of the car and they settled in for the ride. When the bus filled up with inductees, the inner airlock door of the garage opened. The bus pulled into the massive airlock. It jerked to a stop for a few seconds. The inner doors closed, a hissing sound filled the airlock and the outer doors opened. The bus pulled out onto the main thoroughfare running through the lunar colony. David felt his stomach lurch and for a moment, he thought he was going to get sick. He looked out his side window. People wearing EVA suits shuffled along a pathway near the street. Others entered and exited the various buildings. “It seems like a busy place,” David said.
Paul nodded. “I’ve heard they have some wild underground pubs here.”
“My parents brought me here for a vacation when I was a wee bugger, but I don’t remember much about the trip,” Louis said.
“I could care less. I want to get some sleep. Wake me when we get three,” Alonzo said. They left the lunar colony behind heading across the cratered surface of the moon. David glanced at several buildings off to the left that appeared to be some type of mining operation. Military men in gray digitized urban camouflaged fatigues moved down the aisle. They stopped now and then to talk to the inductees. The NCOs on board seemed warm and friendly with the recruits.
“Where are you guys from?” a young sergeant asked when he stopped by David’s chair. David breathed in the smell of stale beer and tobacco smoke. You almost couldn't smell it because of the scent of mints that the sergeant was chewing.
“Me and my buddy, Alonzo, are from San Diego.” The Sergeant extended his hand and they shook.
“It’s a lovely city. I served on a surface vessel based out of Dago once. How about you two?” the sergeant said. He nodded at Louis and Paul.
“I’m from bloody old England, but my folks sent me to school in Michigan.”
“I was, stationed outside of London for two years. I never could get used to the rain. How about you?”
“I’m from a little spot in the road called Coldwater Michigan,” Paul said.
The bus crossed over to the dark side of the moon and outside everything went dark. Alonzo noticed some lights in the distance to their left. He saw several buildings setting enclosed in what appeared to be a walled compound. A fork in the trail led that direction. “What’s that over there? Is that the base?”
The sergeant let out a low chuckle and then grinned. “No, that’s not the base. That’s not a place you want to be. That, my friend, is one of the penal colonies here on the dark side of the moon. We’ve still got ten miles to go before we reach the base.” The Fleet Marine sergeant moved along talking to the other inductees. A few more passed by and stopped to chat.
“Them blokes don’t seem too bad,” Louis said.
Thirty minutes later, the bus pulled up to the main gate at the recruiting depot. A guard inside an atmospherically contained guard shack pushed a button on his console. The electronic gate slid open. The bus pulled onto the grounds of the Marine base. They traveled down the main road heading to a massive steel structure lit up with bright lights.
“Good Lord! That building looks big enough to house an entire city!” Louis said.
“It does. The entire base is in there. It’s atmospherically contained. It has a gravity generator that provides an Earth-like gravity,” the sergeant said. The bus pulled up to a massive set of steel airlock doors. The outer hull of the building was made from black diamond-plated steel. The doors opened, the bus pulled into the airlock and the outer doors closed behind it. The airlock filled with oxygen, the inner doors opened and the bus pulled into the enclosed base. David glanced out his window while the bus traveled down a paved street lined with palm trees. Grass grew alongside the road, within the massive enclosed structure. The place reminded David of one of the city parks in San Diego.
Three-tiered barracks lined one side of the road. An office complex lined the other. Several Quonset huts set off in the distance. The bus stopped at the curb in front of a barracks on their right. The words: Main Receiving Barracks were written on a sign above the roof. The good-natured NCOs riding the bus with the inductees turned into instant assholes. The bus stopped. The good-natured sergeant who had stopped by their chairs to talk headed to the front of the bus.
“On your feet you slimy little worms! Get off my bus! I don’t care which God you pray to! It could be Mohammad, Allah, Baal, or the state! I could give a rat’s ass if you pray or not! You can give your hearts to Jesus if you want to, but for the next thirteen weeks your ass belongs to me!”
***




Chapter 9

Captain Dillon Kincaid sat in the Allen Sheppard lounge, drinking a beer. A cloud of tobacco smoke hung in the air. The noise inside the pub felt deafening. The jukebox blared out the lyrics to a loud neo-pop tune. Kincaid winced in pain from the headache pounding through his skull. He motioned to one of the server droids to refill his beer. The sexy-looking female android, wearing a skintight mini skirt, sashayed across the barroom.
“How may I serve you?” she asked in a sensual computerized voice.
“Get me another beer. Make it a Red Bomb.” The android bent down to retrieve his empty giving Kincaid a glimpse into a deep valley of cleavage. If you don’t look too close, they almost look human. The android turned around to go after his beer. Kincaid gave her a playful slap on the ass, the android giggled, swinging her hips, and headed back to the bar. She came back a few minutes later with his beer and purposely brushed up against Kincaid when she stepped up to the table. She set down his drink. Kincaid felt a shiver run down his spine.
“Please scan your wrist across my scan pad,” the android said. She leaned over and held out a small palm-sized pad. The front of her low-cut dress fell forward and Kincaid gazed down the front of her dress. He scanned his wrist across the pad deducting the funds for the beer from his bank account.
“Thank you, sir. Please enjoy.” The android glided across the bar. Kincaid took a drink from his beer, the com-link on his uniform beeped and he touched the lapel of his uniform.
“Kincaid here.”
“Dillon. This is Commander Logan. I'm sorry, but I had to cancel your three-day pass. We have a situation brewing. Be in my office for a pre-mission briefing in a half-hour.”
Dillon let out a sigh. “Great. I was starting to have some fun. I’ll be there.” Kincaid brushed his hand through his short dark hair and ended the transmission. Tossing back the rest of his beer, he headed for the exit.
Kincaid strolled into the office complex housing the Planetary Patrol Force headquarters. The PPF office was on the top floor of the orbiting spacedock that was set above the main lobby and traffic control tower. It housed offices for each branch of the service. He made his way to the commander’s briefing room breathing in the smell of tobacco smoke when he sauntered through the door. Kincaid glanced around the room, taking in the room’s occupants. The captains of five PPF vessels sat around the conference table. They had grave looks on their faces.
“Dillon. I’m sorry about having to cancel your leave. This can’t wait,” Logan said. He clenched his teeth around a cheap cigar, and they shook hands.
“No problem sir.” Kincaid took a seat at the table.
The Commander stood to his feet. “I’m sure you are all aware of the situation on Europa. It is our job to bring this problem to a satisfactory conclusion.” A murmur went through the room when Commander Logan turned on a viewscreen. The screen showed a still photograph of the mining complex on Europa. “This is the last photo taken by the cameras on Jupiter’s spacedock before the takeover. We have an intelligence source on Europa, but since the takeover, he hasn’t been able to contact us. I suspect they may have some light weapons. They have no ships, except for the tankers sitting idle on their moons. There was one PPF vessel docked at Jupiter’s spacedock when they took over. The crew is either dead or held captive.”
“What’s the plan?” Kincaid asked.
“When you leave this room, you men will go back to your ships and leave spacedock. You will rendezvous with five other PPF vessels currently at Mars. This will give us one hundred men on the ground. Your mission is to come in low and fast, bypassing the orbiting space station and land on Europa. You will seize the office complex of the mining facility. You will arrest the ringleaders of this rebellion. Your orders are to hold your positions until the main body of the Federal Defense Forces shows up. I suspect there will be a sizable occupation force on the moons of Jupiter and Saturn for years to come. This batch of rabble-rousers shook the tree to the top.” Commander Logan paced back and forth in front of the assembled officers.
“Why are they using us? With all the trouble on Mars, wouldn’t our services be of more use there?” Kincaid asked.
“That’s a nut we’ll leave for others to crack. We may see combat on Mars shortly, but for the moment, the battle is for Europa.” Forty-five minutes later five sleek-looking PPF cruisers left the spacedock, broke orbit with Earth’s moon, and set a course for Mars.
***
Cyrus Bonelli sat at the head of the table in his council room. He looked at the assembled officers sitting around the table. Servants brought food and drink. Bonelli didn’t have much of an appetite. He grimaced from the taste of acid reflux in his throat. Ever since this business on Europa started, his ulcer had been acting up. God when I catch that Shawn Gallagher, I’ll enjoy firing the laser bolt that takes him out.
“The bureaucrats upstairs have decided to approach this problem low key. They are assembling a team of PPF commandos to move on Europa. They’re only sending ten damned ships. This mission will fail. When it does, I want you gentlemen to be ready. I want you to assemble a major force and head to Europa. You will smash this rebellion with an iron fist.”
“I don’t know sir. The PPF is a capable force. It may very well succeed,” one of the officers said.
“Utter nonsense. The PPF is an elite fighting force, but they don’t have the heavy firepower that is necessary. Their leaders are controlled by the bureaucrats above us. They have only allowed them to send ten ships”
“Sir what about Mars? We don’t want to cut ourselves short if something happens there,” someone else said.
Bonelli sighed. “That is a good question. Mars is another can of worms. If we allow this to go on, on Europa, the situation on Mars will deteriorate. Consolidated Mining sends employees to Mars and half of them disappear. They have their biochips removed and we can’t keep track of them. These people that have dropped off the radar make up the bulk of the Martian resistance. The rest are unruly miners. You will have your hands full there. I leave it up to you to work out the details. We’ll need to leave enough ships behind to contain any problems on Mars. At the same time, we need to assemble a big enough force to take care of this rabble on Europa.”
“Why not bypass Europa and attack the moons of Saturn?” one of the generals asked.
“Because their leadership is on Europa. Cut off the head and the snake dies. Gentlemen, this battle will be for Europa. If we don’t stop them there, Mars will try to declare independence next. I would like to see a blockade of Jupiter. While you do that, build your forces until you assemble a large enough force to squish them like the worms they are. I will leave the planning and execution of this mission to you. The fate of the CEU rests upon your shoulders.” Cyrus clinched his fist and banged it on the table. “The general, who brings me the head of Shawn Gallagher on a platter, will receive another star. Scratch that. I want him alive. His death will be at my hand. Gentlemen, you have your orders. I won’t keep you.” Bonelli ended the meeting. The sound of sliding chairs and the footfalls of military men leaving the room filled Bonelli’s ears. He stood up and crossed the room to the window. With troubled thoughts, he pulled back the curtain gazing down upon the lights of New York City.
***
Light exploded into the captain’s cabin on the CEU-Port Royal. Craig Bannister strutted into the room, breathing in the smell of cheap perfume. He looked down at the sleeping form of Captain Chambers. He lay between two good-looking naked women, one a sexy blonde and the other a cute brunette. Chambers sat up in bed knuckling sleep from his eyes. The two naked women moaned in their sleep and pull the thin cover over their heads.
“Rise and shine, Lover Boy. This is our big day,” Banister said.
Sliding from between the two women, Chambers sat on the edge of the bed. “Good Lord Craig. You’ve got to quit barging in like this. How’d you get in here anyway?”
“There are ways to bypass cabin door bio locks.”
“I have my room’s computer set for a five AM wake-up call. What time is it now?”
“Zero four-thirty. I’ve got fresh coffee in your conference room. You want to be ready for the six AM conference call, then the Admiral’s call at zero six-thirty. We’ve got a busy day ahead of us. Let’s get to it.”
Chambers put his feet on the floor. “Aye Captain Bligh. I thought I was in charge?”
Bannister ignored the captain’s comment and glanced over at the girls. “Get up ladies. Let’s get dressed and head back to the comfort station. You can go back to sleep when you get there. Our golden boy has work to do.”
“All right love. Are you sure you don’t want to give it a go?” the brunette said.
Bannister grinned enjoying her British accent. “Some other time dear.”
The women dressed, while Bannister and Chambers watched the show. When the women left, Bannister waited while Chambers put on his uniform. They stepped through the doorway leading to the captain’s conference room. Bannister went to the food and beverage station and brought them both back a cup of coffee and a sweet roll.
“I thought this day would never get here,” Chambers said. He took a tentative sip of his coffee.
“I know we're going have to hustle if we want to make the eighteen-hundred launch window. That’s why I woke you early.”
“God this coffee’s strong.” Chambers made an ugly face.
“Columbia’s best. It does chase the cobwebs from your brain.”
After leaving the spacedock for space trials, the Port Royal joined the fleet. They spent three months in space cruising halfway to Mars and back. While undergoing space trials they had a skeleton crew. They tested the ship's lasers, blasting a few asteroids to hell, and gone, with the plasma torpedoes. The Air Force personnel launched space fighters. They flew a few training missions. The cruise was uneventful. It gave the officers and the skeleton crew on board a chance to get used to the ship and their workstations.
After arriving back at spacedock, they spent the next two months obtaining supplies. They had the maintenance crews fix the few glitches in the systems that they found. As the new crew members arrived, the existing crew trained the new personnel. The ship now held a full crew, except for some marines, which they would pick up at the lunar spacedock. Chambers gave the crew two weeks' leave to settle their affairs before the mission’s launch date. Today was the day. The new fleet of deep space vessels would travel across the solar system, and head into the unknown.
Chambers looked at the digital readout above the door of his conference room. The numbers read 06:00. He moved to the communications center to the right of the conference table, activated the VID screen, and logged on for the morning conference call. The department heads log onto the system, and their faces appeared on the VID screen.
Chambers smiled. “Gentlemen. The day we thought would never come, is here. We’ve got a lot to do today before we launch so let’s get a status report. Let’s start with the bridge.”
Bannister’s face appeared on the VID screen when he logged onto an adjoining console next to the Captain’s. “The third watch officers are on duty now. The first watch is in the ready room. The second watch crew has orders to be onboard ship by thirteen hundred hours. The bridge will be ready to meet the launch window.” 
“Good. I want all personnel on board ship by fifteen hundred hours. Let’s hear from the engine room.”
The image of the chief engineer appeared on the screen. His voice came over the speakers of the Captain’s VID system. “Aye Captain. The engine room is ready. The fusion reactors are up to full power. I have a full crew down there checking out the systems. The rest of the engineering personnel will be on board by fifteen hundred hours. We’re ready to go, sir.”
Chambers nodded at the screen. “Good. Let’s hear from maintenance.”
“We have a crew doing some last-minute checks. Half our personnel is on board now. We’ll be ready sir,” the Chief Maintenance Officer said.
“Excellent let’s hear from security.”
“Security is ready sir. We have a crew on duty now and the rest will be on board by fifteen hundred, sir.”
“Good. Fleet Marines?”
“Sir. My officers and NCOs are on board. We’re ready to go now. We need to pick up some jarheads on the moon.”
“Excellent Commander. Let’s hear from the boys down on the farm.”
“We’re ready to go, sir. We’ve harvested our crops and slaughtered our latest batch of meat-bearing animals. The refrigerators in all the galleys are full. Everyone is on board and ready to leave,” the chief horticulturist said.
“Excellent. Let’s hear from the mess hall people.”
“The galleys are ready to feed people now sir. We have a few people who still are not on board but they’ll be here by fifteen hundred,” the chief cook said.
“Good work. Let’s hear from sickbay.”
“My doctors are on board now. We have a few other medical people who still need to show up. They’ll be here by fifteen hundred,” the chief medical officer said.
“Good. I want all crewmembers to put in at least two hours a day in the gym. We’re all in danger of muscle atrophy out here. I want you to coordinate with our entertainment chief. Schedule your people so they can have time in the gym. Doc if you see any patients who show signs of muscle atrophy, I want you to notify me at once. Let’s hear from our chief of entertainment.”
“All the entertainment facilities are up and running. That includes the theaters, the bowling alley, and the gym. The pubs are open and the girls at the comfort station are on board. They’ve had their doctor’s exams and are ready to receive customers,” the entertainment czar said.
After hearing from all the department heads, Chambers ended the conference call.
“Thank you, people. I want duty rosters for the next week on my desk covering the first week at space before we launch. It’s going to be a busy day. Let’s get to it.” Chamber logged off the system. After the conference call, Bannister went to the bridge. Chambers uploaded reports from the department heads and transmitted the reports to Admiral Ivanov’s VID system on the Saratoga. He logged onto the system once more. This time he logged in for the admiral’s conference call. The faces of the various captains in the fleet appeared on the screen. Captain Chambers listened attentively. Admiral Ivanov asked for the report from the Port Royal.
“Sir. The Port Royal will be ready to man the portholes at eighteen hundred hours. All essential personnel is on board now. The rest of the crew will be on board and ready for departure by fifteen hundred hours.”
“Good work, Captain. I know this mission is going to be long and hard on us all, but it will also be very exciting. I am looking forward to leaving the solar system and seeing what’s out there,” Ivanov said.
After logging off the system, Chambers stood up. He crossed the conference room and entered the bridge. Taking his seat in the captain’s chair, he gazed down upon the officers manning their workstations. A few consoles beeped and he felt a slight vibration coming from the deck. “They look sharp,” Chambers said.
Banister nodded. “That they do. They’re all anxious to be underway.”
“Me too. Let’s head down to the galley and get some breakfast. I’ll buy.”
“Now that’s an offer I can’t refuse. Even if the food is free.” Bannister glanced at the helmsman. “Mr. Walker, you have the bridge.” Chambers and Bannister stepped from the bridge to the main corridor. They snapped off salutes to a few people as they passed by.
“I can’t wait to get underway either,” Bannister said.
Chambers breathed in the smell of freshly cooked food. “I know. All though I don’t relish being away from home for the next twenty-five years.”
“You’re going to miss your harem. You won’t have as many women falling over you out here, but this is our chance to make history.”
“What about you? I know there’s no steady woman in your life. You date once in a while, but isn’t there anyone you’re going to miss?”
“No. I was in love once, but my mistress called. My first love has always been space. It’s out there where all the action is and where you make history. It’s where you either make or break your career. This is a chance of a lifetime.” Bannister stepped into the serving line. The food service workers filled their trays. They loaded them up with scrambled eggs bacon, hash browns, and toast. Steam rose from their plates. They poured themselves each a cup of coffee at the end of the line and found a table.
They were quiet while they ate, but it was a comfortable silence, born from long years of friendship.
“That was some good food, for ship fare,” Chambers said after they finished eating.
“It sure beats the hell out of that shit they used to feed us in the PPF.”
Chambers grimaced. “Do you remember those canned lima beans?”
“God. Don’t remind me. I don’t think I’ll ever eat another lima bean in this life.”
Finished with breakfast, Bannister returned to the bridge. Chambers took a tour of the ship. He visited each department and checked their readiness to make sure that they were ready for departure at eighteen hundred. When he passed the exit hatch, he saw Ensign Palmer standing by the open inner airlock door. A small line of crewmembers stood in line and Palmer logged them onto the ship using his handheld scan pad. Once they ran their wrist across the scan pad, the scan pad downloaded their name to the ship’s computers.
“How goes it, Mr. Palmer?”
Palmer snapped off a salute and Chambers returned the gesture. “It’s going okay sir. They’re starting to, trickle in. If we get any no-shows, after fifteen hundred hours, we’ll locate them using their biochips. We'll send the shore patrol after them.”
Chambers nodded. “I hope that won’t be necessary.”
“I don’t think it will. Most of the crew will start to show up around fourteen hundred to fourteen thirty. They’ll want to get as much out of their liberty as possible.”
“I hope you’re right. I’d hate to have to bring anyone on board in handcuffs.”
Palmer smiled. “I don’t think that will happen, sir. The majority of the men feel it an honor to go on this mission. They feel it an honor to serve under you as well, sir.”
“Thank you. I am honored to have such a fine crew. I’m especially glad that you are going with us, Mr. Palmer. Your help has been invaluable. You’re a fine young officer.”
Palmer smiled. “Thank you, sir.”
The captain continued his tour of the ship. The crew showed up by ones and twos until thirteen hundred hours. Then the floodgates opened and they came in waves. A line led from the docking tubes out to the corridors of the spacedock. By fifteen hundred hours, everyone was on board. Captain Chambers held another conference call at fourteen thirty. The ship was ready for departure, except for some last-minute supply issues. The officer in charge of the cargo bay reported that they were loading the last of their needed supplies and they would be ready by eighteen hundred hours.
The crewmembers not on duty settled into their cabins getting ready for departure. By seventeen forty-five, in the time-honored tradition, the crew manned the portholes. They stood at parade rest. Chambers took his place on the bridge and Bannister sat beside him. Chambers waited for word from the traffic control officer and thought about the fleet.
They had twenty deep space battlecruisers, of which the Port Royal was one of. There were ten main battleships and four auxiliary ships. They had fifty light cruisers, fifty destroyers, and fifty frigates. The deep-space battlecruisers worked in concert with the main battlecruisers. The light cruisers, the destroyers, and the frigates protected the battlecruisers. The auxiliaries served as supply vessels as well as construction platforms providing the fleet with supplies and equipment.
Chambers turned on the viewscreen and changed the view to show the port side of the vessel. The voice of the traffic controller came over the communications officer’s, speakers.
“Port Royal, you are free to leave spacedock.” They heard a slight pop when the explosive bolts freed the ship from the mooring lines.
Chambers felt a thrill shoot through him. “Mr. Walker, take us out. Let’s join the fleet.”
“Aye Captain.” The ship moved forward through the metal hanger heading for the exit. Dignitaries sat in bleachers watching their departure. They sat behind super-hardened glass bullheads. A bottle of champagne, secured by the bottle’s neck with a metal tether, swung down making contact with the ship. The bottle smashed into the hull, christening the vessel. It broke into minute pieces, of glass and floated off into space. The Port Royal exited spacedock and took its position in the fleet. The new fleet of deep space vessels took two revolutions around the planet and broke orbit. Leaving Earth behind, it headed for the unknown.
***




Chapter 10

Shawn Gallagher sat in his communications center attempting to make contact with Linda at Spacedock. After receiving the call from his secretary, Shawn jumped back into his land rover. Foregoing the inspections of the new fighting positions, he headed back to the office. Shawn looked down at a screen. It showed the radar signatures of over three hundred ships approaching Jupiter. He instructed Wilson to put the troops on alert. Men manned the fighting positions on the surface. Some of which were still under construction. They manned the laser cannons to protect the moon from an attack from space along with main battle tanks and troop carriers.
No one worked the mines and everyone prepared to fight. Under the laws of the New Republic, if you were not in the military, you were part of the ready reserve. You trained with the military on your scheduled days off. Everyone on site had orders to stand ready to fight in the event of a federal invasion. Shawn drummed his fingers on the control panel before him. He wiped the sweat from his brow and depressed the com button calling spacedock.
“Linda. Come in,” he said into the microphone setting at the control center.
“We’re kind of busy up here right now, Mr. President.”
Shawn caught his breath. “Have you identified those vessels?”
“Sir. We’ve hailed them and are waiting for a response. They don’t look like Federal Defense Force vessels, all though they could be PPF. They’re still out there a bit.”
Shawn drummed his fingers on the console and tried to control his breathing. “Contact me as soon as you identify those ships. We’re kind of on pins and needles down here.”
“Tell me about it. If those are PPF boys, they’ll try to take us out first. We’ll keep you updated, Mr. President.”
Linda leaned back in her chair looking down at her computer screen. “Hurry up and wait.” She stood to her feet and crossed the room to the beverage station. “You want some coffee Jan?” She looked over her shoulder at the girl manning the workstation next to hers.
Jan Cunningham smiled. “No. If I drink any more coffee, I’ll pee my pants. I wish that whoever is out there would contact us soon.”
“They’re still out there, but I’ll give them another try.” Linda sat down at her workstation with her coffee. She took a tentative sip, enjoyed the caffeine rush, and depressed the button on her control panel. “Inbound vessels approaching Jupiter. You are approaching a no-fly zone. Please stand down and identify yourselves. If you are not aware, the political climate has changed. You are now in the New Republic’s space. Please respond.” Linda released the button on her console hearing nothing but a garbled response.
Linda strained to hear. “Repeat that last transmission please.” she adjusted the volume on her headset.
“This is Gustav Kesler. I work for Ludwig Von Wolf. You people should be expecting me. I need to meet with your leaders to discuss the deployment of troops.”
Linda leaned back in her seat and depressed the com button on her console. “Roger that. We were afraid you might be PPF. Things are a little tense around here. Please provide your flag ship’s registry number then bring your ships into orbit. I’ll contact the president and make the needed arrangements.”
***
Shawn heaved a sigh of relief. Linda informed him that the fleet approaching Jupiter was friendly. Leaning back in his chair, he paused for a few seconds. He let the tension flow out of his body, and leaned forward, pressing the com button on his console. “Linda. Have Mr. Kesler meet me here in front of the office complex.”
“Wait, one minute Mr. President.” Shawn waited while the traffic controller contacted the approaching fleet once more. “Mr. President. Mr. Kesler says that he will land his shuttle in front of site A office complex. ETA thirty minutes.”
“Excellent. Have him bring his key personnel. We’ll hold a briefing in my office. Thanks for the good work, Linda.” Shawn ended the transmission. He changed frequencies and called his secretary of defense. “John. Call off the alert,” Shawn said when Wilson answered the com.
“What’s up boss?”
“Those ships out there are the MERCs employed by Mr. Von Wolf,” Shawn said.
“I thought they might be.”
“We’ll hold a briefing in my council chambers in fifty minutes. I want all staff members to attend.”
“Roger that. I’ll make the contacts and we’ll see you in forty-five.”
Gallagher and Wilson met Kesler’s shuttle on the shuttle pad in front of the office complex. They watched as the lights of the shuttle descend from orbit to land on the shuttle pad. Tiny pieces of ice flew into the air, the boarding ramp extended and the exit hatch opened. Shawn watched two men, dressed in shiny black EVA suits lumber down the exit ramp onto the shuttle pad. He stepped forward to greet them.
“Gentlemen. Welcome to Europa.” His voice reverberated through the speakers on his EVA suit. “If you’ll come with me, we’ll head inside. I’m sure you people need rest after a long flight. If you want, we’ll get your people fed and housed and discuss deployment options later.”
“My people are fine. I’d prefer to do business first,” the taller of the two men said. He spoke perfect English with only a trace of a German accent.
Shawn nodded. “If you’ll follow me, we’ll head indoors and hold a briefing in my conference room.” The two new arrivals followed Gallagher and Wilson across the shuttle pad and to an airlock. There was a hiss of air when they stepped into the airlock and oxygen filled the chamber. Once the light at the top of the inner door turned green, Shawn took off his helmet.
“This way gentlemen,” Shawn said when the inner doors opened. He led them down the main corridor through the office complex to his council chambers. Once his cabinet members arrived, Shawn looked across the table at his guest. The man in charge was a tall muscular German. He had jet black hair, dark eyes, and a handsome, yet rugged-looking face. Shawn noticed a fading scar running down the center of his forehead to his eyebrows. Next to him sat a barrel cheated blond-haired man with bushy eyebrows. He was in his early thirties with ocean blue eyes. His facial features were sharp and well-defined. There was a star-shaped scar on the cleft of his chin. These guys look like brawlers. “Gentlemen if you will introduce yourselves, we’ll get started.”
The big German shrugged. “I am Admiral Gustav, Kesler. This is my friend, Captain Robert Danziger.”
Shawn stuck out his hand, catching a faint trace of Vodka, and they shook. “Pleased to meet you.”
“We work for Ludwig Von Wolf. He instructed us to put our forces at your disposal,” Gustav said.
“Before we get down to business let me introduce my staff.” Shawn introduced the other men sitting around the table. “How many ships do you have?” Shawn asked after the introductions.
Gustav shrugged. “Three hundred fifty.”
“Our intelligence sources are hearing rumors. Some say that a small force of PPF ships has already left Mars heading our way. Others say that the feds are assembling a large force of Federal Defense Force vessels.”
Gustav nodded. “We’ve heard the same rumors. We have to be ready in either case.”
“We’ve all seen the news broadcast about this new fleet of deep space vessels,” Holliday said.
“I saw that broadcast, but I doubt if that fleet will give us much trouble,” Gustav said.
“What are your thoughts on the deployment of your vessels?” Shawn asked.
“The bulk of our forces will stay here. We’ll orbit the planet and various moons. I plan to send fifty ships to Saturn. We’ll keep one hundred ships in reserve at the edge of the asteroid belt.”
“Then you feel that the feds will attack us here on Europa? They could bypass us and attack the colonies orbiting Saturn,” Holliday said.
“The battle will be here, on Europa. This is the seat of your new government. The federals will desire to crush you like a bug and get the helium and hydrogen moving again.”
“Ludwig said that he would send teams of trainers to help us train our new military,” Shawn said.
“That is correct. We have people to help you train your new armed forces and also teams to help you shore up your defenses. Mr. Von Wolf requests that you join him at his base in the asteroid belt at your earliest conveyance. He’s obtained some ships that he would like you to inspect. If you get these ships, once they are space-worthy, they will support my fleet. Mr. Wolf rarely entertains guests. You should consider it an honor.”
“My ship will be ready for space in a couple of days. It is my honor to be the guest of Mr. Von Wolf.”
Gustav nodded. “It is good. Once you are in space, I will send the coordinates to his base in the belt. Few know of its location. He moves his headquarters about frequently.”
After the meeting, Shawn took Kesler and Danziger on a tour of the facilities. He showed them the military complex and the training facilities. When they finished reviewing the troops, Shawn took them out on the surface and showed him what they had done so far to prepare for the moon’s defense.
“What you have done is good, but it is not enough. You’re building fighting positions out away from the colony guarding the approaches. You have neglected the defenses up close to the colony itself. What if they fly in and land shuttles on your front door?” Gustav asked.
“We never thought of that,” Shawn said.
“Not to worry. That is why we are here. Your fighting men are in fair shape, but my people will hone them into killing machines.”
***
Over the next three days, Gustav’s elite commandos arrived on Europa. They landed on the other moons of Jupiter as well. Some of them began training the troops. Other teams of engineers arrived to build better defensive positions. Shawn assigned his vice president the task of securing housing for their guest. The training schedule increased its tempo and its intensity. Gustav’s fleet moved into defensive positions orbiting the various moons of Jupiter. Others orbited the planet itself. Fifty ships broke orbit heading for Saturn. They did their best to ready themselves for the coming federal assault.
The chief maintenance officer showed Shawn his new presidential space cruiser. Shawn took the ship to space. He took a few revolutions around Europa before taking a cruise around Jupiter itself. That evening, Shawn prepared to leave for the asteroid belt and his visit with Ludwig. He lumbered up the boarding ramp, along with John. A young captain who was part of the flight crew assigned to the new ship started to head for the cockpit.
“Excuse me. Captain, O’Brian. If you don’t mind, I’d like to take her off the surface. She’s a fine ship. I’m still trying to get used to her,” Shawn said. He breathed in the smell of mints, on the young blond-headed captain’s breath.
“Sure thing Mr. President. She’s your ship. I’ll have my men settle into their cabins while you do the pre-flight checks. After that, we’ll be in our ready room if you need us.”
Shawn sat down in the captain’s chair and John sat down next to him in the co-pilot’s spot.
John grinned. “You have to start acting presidential. A president doesn’t fly his, own ship.”
“We’re going to miss the election. Who knows? I might not be president when we get back,” Shawn said. He flipped some switches as he powered up the ship.
“Fat chance of that.” They started their pre-flight checks. Shawn applied thrust and brought the new presidential space cruiser off the surface of Europa. John contacted spacedock on the com-link informing them of their emanate departure. Linda gave them clearance to leave the system. Shawn took the ship for one revolution around Europa and took a swing around the gas giant known as Jupiter. He broke orbit past the moons of Jupiter and headed to the asteroid belt. They stayed in the cockpit for over an hour before Shawn leaned back in the seat and stretched.
“They tell me that there is some Crown Royal chilling in the beverage dispenser in the lounge. What do you say to going down there and tilting back a few shots?” Shawn asked.
“That Canadian whiskey would go down real smooth.”
Shawn leaned forward, flipped a toggle on his console, and activated the ship’s PA system. “Captain O’Brian, we’ve had our fun, for now. Would you report to the cockpit?”
“We’ll be right there,” O'Brien said. His voice reverberated through the speaker on Shawn’s console. Two minutes later, Captain O’Brian and his co-pilot stepped into the cockpit. “What do you think, Mr. President?”
“She handles like a dream.” Shawn stood up from the captain’s chair.
“Let me know whenever you want to have some more fun. There is nothing in the REGs about not allowing the president to fly his, own ship.”
“I will. Let us know if you guys need a break.”
“We’ve got a full flight crew. There are four more of us settling in to our cabins. We’ll handle her round the clock, but if you two want to put in some more flight time, let us know.” Johnson said.
“We’ll do that,” John said.
Johnson paused, looking up at Shawn. “Mr. President. It’s an honor to be on your flight crew. I hope you enjoy the flight.”
“I’m enjoying the hell out of it already. It’s having good people like you two onboard that makes things worthwhile.” Shawn stepped out of the cockpit. John followed him down the corridor to the presidential lounge.
They stepped through a side door into the lounge. John took a seat in one of the plush lounge chairs. Shawn went to the beverage dispenser to pour them each a shot of Canadian whiskey. John gazed about taking in their luxurious surroundings. He breathed in the fresh new smell of the vessel.
“This sure is going to take some getting used to,” John said when Shawn handed him his shot of whiskey. John took a sniff of the potent brew and took a sip.
“Tell me about it.” Shawn plopped down in a seat next to his friend. “When people call me Mr. President and treat me with such respect, I don’t know how to act. It feels like they think I’m someone that I am not.”
“They’re not showing respect to you so much, although I do see some hero worship in some people’s eyes. They’re showing respect for the office. You’ve managed to give these people hope.”
Shawn shrugged and downed his shot of whiskey, enjoying the buzz. “I may have after it’s all said and done, got a bunch of people killed including ourselves.”
“True. That could happen, but freedom is worth taking that chance. They're all volunteers. Everyone involved is doing so of their own free will. They needed a strong leader to point the way, thus the hero worship.”
Shawn nodded. “What about Ludwig? Do you think he’ll have the ships?”
John shrugged. “He seems like a man of his word. The ships will be there.”
“Yeah but what kind of ships? And what kind of shape will they be in?”
“I expect they’ll be rough. They’ll need some work, but we’ll fix them.”
“I hope they’re not too bad. They had better be worth what we’re paying. Our stock of gold from Mars is getting thin.”
“Yeah. We’d be in a world of shit if the PPF or God forbid pirates, boarded us. Especially if they discovered what’s in those hidden compartments. The ones under the deck in the cargo bay.”
They spent the next four hours talking. The more alcohol they consumed, the more outlandish and wild the conversation became. They solved all the problems in the solar system. Or so their alcohol-drenched minds thought. They talked, laughed and they enjoyed each other’s company as only good friends can.
***
Three weeks into their journey Shawn lay asleep in his cabin. He felt a violent jolt, which woke him from a deep slumber. He flipped the toggle switch on the console next to his bed and called the cockpit. “Mr. O’Brian. What’s going on?”
The voice of Captain O’Brian reverberated over the speaker next to Shawn’s bed. “We’ve got some company, Mr. President.”
“It’s not PPF, is it?”
“No sir. It's a couple of pirates. We’re showing them the error of their ways right now.”
“Good. I’ll be right there.” Shawn stepped out of his cabin. John joined him in the hall and they headed down the narrow corridor to the cockpit. “How goes it, Mr. O’Brian.”
They stood in the doorway of the cockpit watching. On the viewscreen, they saw two of the most dilapidated ships that Shawn had ever seen. “These boys want to play rough. We’re about to give them a lesson in manors,” O'Brien said.
“Unidentified cruiser. Power down and prepare for boarding, or will destroy you. We need to inspect your cargo,” the voice coming from the speakers on the co-pilot's console said. 
“Inspect this,” Johnson said and fired a laser blast at the vessel which had sent the transmission. The two pirate vessels fired back. The presidential cruiser shook. Shawn had to grab the nearest bulkhead to remain on his feet.
“Mr. President, please find a chair and strap yourself in. Things are about to get rough,” O'Brien said.
“Firing torpedoes,” Johnson said. Shawn watched what looked like fiery darts shoot out from the underbelly of their ship. The pirate vessels turned to flee. “Try and outrun that, suckers.” They watched the image on the viewscreen of one of the torpedoes honing in on the trailing pirate vessel. The heat-seeking missile locked onto the engine’s heat signature. It ran up its exhaust port and they saw a blinding explosion on the viewscreen. A debris field filled space in the front of their vessel. The remaining pirate ship escaped, heading into the asteroid belt. It made a sharp turn around a large asteroid on the outer edge of the belt throwing off the pursuing torpedo. They saw another flash when the torpedo hit the asteroid blowing it to bits and pieces.
Shawn laid a friendly hand on Johnson’s shoulder. “Good shooting, Lieutenant.”
***
The rest of their voyage to Ludwig’s base in the asteroid belt was uneventful. They were approaching the coordinates that Kesler had transmitted to them. Three small space cruisers appeared, from nowhere. Captain O'Brien was at the helm. Gallagher, and Wilson, stood behind the command chairs watching the ships on the viewscreen. They looked sinister, with their black exterior and sleek lines built to resemble a bird of prey.
“Inbound space cruiser. Identify yourself,” a deep voice with a sharp German accent, said. It came over the speakers on Lieutenant Johnson’s console.
“This is the New Republic’s presidential cruiser. The NR-Free Bird. You should be expecting us,” Johnson said into the microphone on his console.
“Wait one moment, Free Bird.” After a pause, the voice came back over the speaker saying, “Free Bird. Please follow us. Reduce speed. It gets tricky amongst these asteroid clusters.”
The three ships turned heading into a large cluster of asteroids. Captain O’Brian reduced speed following their escorts.
“I remember when we were in the PPF; we used to come in here chasing pirates and smugglers. I hated it. The asteroid belt is vast and mainly clear, but when you get into these large clusters, it can be dicey,” John said.
“I know. It makes for some tight flying,” Shawn said.
“I hear that colonies are living out here. I've heard some live in hollowed-out asteroids. Others live on space stations orbiting some of the larger asteroids,” O'Brien said.
“These hard rock miners are a strange breed. How could anyone stand to live out here?” Johnson asked. Their escorts led them through several more asteroid clusters and traveled deeper into the heart of the asteroid belt. They approached a massive asteroid. Shawn saw a flashing red light. It bordered a rectangular-shaped section of the asteroid’s side near its bottom. A large set of steel doors, painted to look like the rocky exterior of the asteroid, slid open. Their escort ships flew inside.
“Into the heart of the beast,” Shawn said. O'Brien followed their escorts through the opening and into the bowels of Ludwig’s lair. The steel doors slid closed behind them. Shawn glanced at the viewscreen. Green landing lights on a landing pad far below them flashed. O'Brien increased the down angle and reduced speed. Following their escorts, they touched down on the landing pad two minutes later and parked their ship behind their escorts.
“Gentlemen. You’ll need to suit up in EVA gear until we pass through the airlock and enter the main complex,” their escort said. He led them to the exit hatch along with O’Brian and his crew. They put on their EVA suits, entered the airlock, the outer door opened and they stepped down the exit ramp. A group of men, wearing black EVA suits, stood near the three vessels, which had escorted them to Ludwig’s base.
Shawn recognized the voice of the man who had made the radio transmission to his ship.
“If you Gentlemen will follow us, we’ll get more comfortable.” They followed the big German across the landing pad, into an airlock and heard a hiss of air. Oxygen filled the chamber, the big German took off his helmet and Shawn took off his. He looked at the man’s scared-up face, his bald head, and his massive frame.
The big German smiled. “Welcome to Mr. Wolf’s paradise. I’m sure you and your men will enjoy your stay.”
“Thank you. I’m sure we will. I’m Shawn Gallagher. This is my secretary of defense, John Wilson.”
“I am Kurt Bruner. I will take you and Mr. Johnson to Mr. Wolf. I will also show your men their accommodations. They will have a lot of fun here. We have women, cards, alcohol. As you Americans say, we party hard when we’re not working.”
They followed Bruner out of the airlock stowed their EVA suits in a utility locker. He led them down a narrow corridor to a turbo lift. The turbo lift took them up, three levels, and the doors opened. They heard loud music coming from down the hall.
“If you men will come with me, we’ll get you settled into your cabins and we can start the party, yah?” one of the other German employees of Von Wolf said. They stepped out of the turbo lift and Shawn’s flight crew followed.
Gallagher and Wilson stayed in the turbo lift with Kurt Bruner. The turbo lift rose to the top level, they stepped out of the lift and Bruner led them down a long catwalk. Shawn looked down into the depths of the hollowed-out asteroid. He glanced down at people working on lower levels. Bruner stopped at a doorway on his right, rang the door chime and the door slid open.
“Mr. Von Wolf. Your guests have arrived,” he said.
“Good. Come in gentlemen,” Ludwig said. Stepping into Ludwig’s suite, Shawn stopped. He gazed about at the luxury. He took in the expensive paintings and sculptures as well as other priceless works of art. “Welcome to my little bit of paradise in the asteroid belt. Come. I have some scotch chilled.”
“Thank you. We’re glad to be here,” Shawn said while Ludwig led them through his luxurious living room to his study. His eyes widened taking in the antique books on the bookshelves. Ludwig motioned them to a seat. They sat on comfortable leather-bound chairs on the other side of a wooden coffee table from Von Wolf who sat down in an expensive leather recliner. Ludwig picked up a silver bell setting on an oak end table next to his chair, gave the bell a shake, causing it to tinkle. A scantily clad Chinese woman in her early twenties entered the room. She carried a tray with shot glasses and a bottle of whiskey. Shawn recognized the woman as the one who had been with Ludwig on his ship when he came to Europa. Shawn breathed in the smell of her expensive perfume. Ludwig took the tray and filled the shot glasses.
“Thank you, Yoko. That will be all. Leave the bottle and tray.” After they had tossed back a shot of whiskey, Ludwig looked up. “I trust you’ve brought the gold?”
“Did you secure the ships?” Shawn asked.
“I have the ships. They’re rough, but my people can repair them. Of course, I’ll supply men to help with the repairs plus transportation as agreed.”
“We brought the gold. It’s in the cargo bay of my ship. I’ll have my men unloaded it,” Shawn said.
“That can wait. You and your men need some rest after being in space for so long. What do you say we go see your new ships at zero eight hundred hours? That will give you and your men time to rest. While we’re having a look at the ships, your men can unload the gold. I have spare rooms here in my suite. You and Mr. Wilson can stay here. If you want, you can join my men in the pub for a while. I can also send up some women from the club.”
“That won’t be necessary. We’ll enjoy some more of this fine Scotch whiskey and hit the rack. What do you say, John?”
“That sounds like a plan. I’m bushed. But I wouldn’t mind for you to send one of, those Chinese girls. I like that little China girl of yours. Your servant, Yoko.”
Ludwig smiled. “Yoko is not a servant. She’s more, but I have the girl for you. Her name is Mei Ling.” Ludwig looked at Shawn. “And for you?”
“I’d like to get good and drunk on this fine Scotch whiskey and go to bed alone.”
Ludwig laughed. “A man after my own heart. It is good to see one who enjoys the simple pleasures in life.”
***
Twenty-four hours later, Ludwig’s servants cooked breakfast. They sat down to a feast that Shawn hadn’t tasted the likes of in a long while. They stuffed themselves on fried potatoes, scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, and pancakes. Shawn thought the food taste delectable. “How do you manage to get fresh eggs, all the way out here in the belt?” Shawn asked.
Ludwig smiled “I have my sources.”
After breakfast, Ludwig took Gallagher and Wilson onto his yacht. When they were at space, Shawn’s presidential flight crew unloaded the gold. Ludwig took them even deeper into the asteroid belt. They flew through a maze of asteroid clusters. Ludwig flew toward several larger asteroids that floated in space by themselves. He turned coming around behind one of the larger asteroids and powered down. Hidden behind the asteroids, lay a small fleet of derelict ships.
“They’re rough, but we can fix them,” Ludwig said. He set the forward viewscreen to full magnification. “They’re mostly frigates and small cruisers. There are a few small battlecruisers mixed in with the bunch as well.”
“I’ll say they’re rough. Are you sure we can fix them?” Shawn asked. Debris from the ships floated in space.
“Yes. Most of them can still fly. We’ll tow those that can’t fly. They are older cast-off Federal Defense Forces vessels with a few PPF ships mixed in. What do you think?”
“We’ll take them. My people should have already unloaded the gold. Our funds are starting to get low. It’s harder to smuggle the gold out of Mars now,” Shawn said.
“Forget about it. I’m a businessman, but this is not about the money. I’m investing in you and your new government. If you succeed, I stand to make a lot more money than I do now. I can go legit and not have to worry about keeping one step ahead of the PPF. If there is anything else you need, don’t hesitate to ask.”
“We could use some people to take these ships back to Europa for us and some mechanics to help us get them in shape. We need some trainers to train our new Space Corps,” Shawn said.
“Like I said when you first arrived; that’s part of the deal.”
“We’re done here. Let’s head home. I’m kind of anxious to see who won the election,” John said. Ludwig turned his yacht around and headed back to his base. They said their goodbyes at the airlock inside the bowels of Ludwig’s base. Ludwig handed Shawn a bottle of his best Scotch Whiskey.
“This is for you to celebrate winning the election when you get back home.”
“I don’t know if I’ve won yet,” Shawn said.
Ludwig smiled. “I told you. I have my sources.”
Gallagher and Wilson stepped off the exit ramp of the presidential space cruiser. They had been in space for more than four months. Four men stood on the landing pad to greet them, wearing black EVA suits.
“Welcome home Mr. President,” one of the men said.
“Who are you, people?” Shawn asked.
“We’re part of the new secret service. We found a federal infiltrator, while you were away. He’s been amongst us from the beginning. He’s in jail now sir. We're here to escort you to your office,” the man said.
“I guess this means I won the election?” Shawn asked.
“The vote was unanimous. Congratulations sir.” The detail led them into the main office complex. Shawn’s com-link beeped. The voice of Linda Van Horn in spacedock reverberated through the speakers in his suit.
“Welcome home Mr. President. I hate to interrupt, but we have a situation unfolding up here. We have ten ships inbound showing up on our scopes. I’ve identified them as PPF vessels.”
“This is it then. They’ll be in for a rude awaking. Alert the troops,” Shawn said, ending the transmission.
The secret service agent in charge grabbed Shawn’s elbow. “We’d best hurry sir.”
***




Chapter 11

David Gallagher, Alonzo Garcia, and the rest of the inductees poured out the doors of the bus.
“On the deck you slimy little worms! See the little yellow footprints on the sidewalk? Let’s see if you are smart enough to form up, on those footprints, and stand at attention!” the sergeant riding the bus yelled. Sweat beaded up on his forehead and spittle flew from his mouth. The inductees hustled onto the sidewalk forming up into ranks. “Move! Move! Move! We don’t have all day people!” the sergeant continued. He paced back and forth in front of their ranks stopping in front of Gallagher and Garcia. Martin and Rosenbaum stood to his left. The sergeant’s nostrils flared. “You boys smell like the inside of a spittoon! Have you little worms been drinking?”
“Yeah, yes we had a few beers,” David stammered.
“That will be the last alcohol that will pass through your slimy little lips for the next thirteen weeks!” The sergeant stepped back surveying the entire group. “You pukes have to be the most disgusting batch of humanity I have ever seen! I am Sergeant Ray Blackburn! I am the senior drill instructor! From now on, you will address me as sir! The first thing and the last thing that comes out of your pie holes will be sir!” he yelled.
“Sir! Yes sir!” the inductees yelled back.
“Form up in columns of two! Left face! That means to turn to your left, in your civilian puke's language! Move! On the bounce! Left! Right! Left!” The sergeant led them down the sidewalk to a rectangular-shaped building. They headed into a room on the bottom floor. David’s heart pounded inside his chest. The drill instructor’s assistants ran beside the troops yelling their lungs out.
“Have a seat you slimy little worms!” Blackburn yelled. He made his way to the front of the room while the inductees sat at tables facing forward. The shuffling sound of chairs sliding across the floor filled the room. In front of each inductee set a black marker and a small digital notepad.
“Pick up the black marker in front of you and write six zero five on the back of your hand! You are now in Platoon six zero five! The digital pad setting in front of you is your journal! Write down all the happy little things that you want to remember about your experiences at boot camp!” Blackburn paused to catch his breath. “Sergeant Duncan and Corporal Morales will be passing their campaign hats around! If you have any guns, knives, chewing gum, tobacco, or any other form of contraband, put it in the campaign hats! After you pass the hats forward, you should have nothing in your pockets! There will be no smoking or drinking while at boot camp! There will be no sexual fraternization whatsoever!” The sergeant took another breath. “Let's talk about article ninety-one of the uniform code of military justice! It says that you will not disobey a lawful order! Article eighty-six prohibits you from being absent without leave! Article ninety-six prohibits disrespect to a senior officer! Learn these articles! Learn them well! Laser them to your brains!”
They passed the campaign hats forward. The inductees received a list of gear they would receive from the quartermaster. The list consisted of sixty-six separate items. The drill instructors marched them into an adjoining room and they stood in a line next to a long line of tables. Moving up the line, they received their gear. The first item they received was a seabag to put everything in. They received six sets of uniforms, six pairs of boxer shorts, six pairs of socks, and two pairs of boots.
With their gear stuffed into the seabags, they marched into an adjoining room. A long line of barber chairs set near the bulkhead at the front of the room. The barbers stood behind their chairs with smiles on their faces.
“How would you like your hair cut?” a fat Italian barber asked David when he sat down in his chair.
David grinned. “Block it in the back, and take a little off the sides.”
“Would you like to leave the sideburns?”
“Why not? Let’s leave them.” With five swipes of his electric scissors, the barber relieved David of all the hair on his head. He took off his sideburns with one swipe each. David reached up and felt his bald dome when the barber finished.
“Move it boot! You’re not the only little lamb that I have to sheer today!” Corporal Morales yelled. After the haircuts, the inductees marched back to the receiving barracks. They toted their seabags over their shoulder. Sergeant Duncan marched them up to the top level of the three-tiered barracks. David breathed in the smell of pine-scented cleaner. Sergeant Blackburn instructed them to find a bunk and to empty the contents of their seabags. The drill instructors ordered them to put their gear into the footlockers at the end of their beds. Finished with their gear, they stripped down and marched to the showers for a head call. Sergeant Duncan ordered them to shower by the numbers. They washed and rinsed in an efficient manner cleaning one body part at a time. Goose flesh formed up, on David’s flesh and he shivered from the cold. After the head call, they marched back to their bunks. Sergeant Duncan ordered them to put on a pair of skivvies and retire for the evening. The time was zero two hundred thirty hours Earth Standard. God what have I gotten myself into, David wondered when he laid down in his bunk.
***
The sound of metal trashcan lids banging together brought David from a deep slumber. He bolted upright in his bunk wondering where he was and why someone was making such a God-awful racket.
“Drop your cocks and grab your socks my little worms! Out of those racks! Move! Move! Move!” Sergeant Blackburn yelled. The inductees scrambled out of their bunks. A few were moving too slow for their instructor’s taste. They had their bunks, mattress, and bedding tossed onto the deck. “Form up at attention in front of your bunks! I haven’t got all day ladies!” Blackburn yelled. The inductees scrambled to obey his order. Sergeant Blackburn and his two assistants strutted back and forth inspecting the troops. They carried short rubber Billy clubs. When they caught someone slouching, they swung the Billy club. They struck the offender’s calf knocking them to the deck. “Since you’re down there, give me twenty! Sound off like you’ve got a pair! One, two three four! I love the Marine Core!” Blackburn yelled while those who received the strike to their calves did pushups. Blackburn stopped in front of David. “Are you eyeballing me boy?”
David’s heart hammered inside his chest. “Sir! No sir!”
“Are you calling me a liar?”
“Sir! No sir!” David yelled.
“You are calling me a liar! You were trying to eye fuck me, boy!” Blackburn punched David in the stomach, dropping him to his knees. “While you’re down there, give me twenty!” David assumed the position and started doing pushups. His arms trembled and he tried to catch his breath. Finished with the discipline, they marched the inductees to the head to shit, shower, and shave. After the head call, the inductees dressed. They made their racks and cleaned the squad bay. The drill instructors marched them down to the mess hall for morning chow at zero six hundred hours.
***
They spent the first week of their training in the receiving barracks learning close-order drills and doing a massive amount of PT. They attended classes where they learned military history, military protocols, the chain of command, and the order of battle. The instructors trained them in the operation and maintenance of the M-23 Blaster. They issued them M-23s and had them the rifles everywhere they went. At night, they went to more classes covering military terms and procedures. By the end of the week, they were fully indoctrinated and ready to start training in earnest.
In their Military history class, the instructor paced back and forth in front of the group. “Have any of you heard the name, John Rizzo? I know you’ve seen his name on the wall of fame,” the instructor asked but no one answered.
“John Rizzo was the commandant of the Marine Core under the old United States of America. During the chaos after the Third World War, Rizzo held the Marine Corps together. He defeated the bands of rebels and bandits, which terrorized the nation. Rizzo’s marines invaded Canada and Mexico, defeating the bandits and rebel scum there. They formed the North American Union. Rizzo also helped form the European Union and helped form the system of government we know today. When you are in your bunks getting ready to retire for the evening, when your drill instructor tells you to say good night John Rizzo, wherever you are, remember this. It was good marines like Rizzo who bled and died so that we could be here today.”
David leaned over and whispered to Alonzo. “Finally, they tell us who John Rizzo was. We’ve been saying good night to the bastard at lights out ever since we arrive.”
The following morning, the drill instructors ordered platoon 605 to pack their gear. With Sea bags over their shoulders, they left the receiving barracks and crossed the parade ground to the main barracks. It was where they would spend the rest of their time at boot camp. They marched to the top tier of a three-tiered barracks. Over the next three weeks, their training intensified. Rolling from their bunks at zero five-thirty, they made ahead, call, and then headed to the parade ground for morning PT. At zero seven hundred, the drill instructors marched them to the chow hall for breakfast. They had twenty minutes to eat, and then they ran the obstacle course.
They took classes in first aid, hand-to-hand combat and learned the proper use of a bayonet as a defensive and offensive weapon. One of the inductees asked why they needed to train with such an archaic weapon.
“When all your standard 223 rounds are gone and your energy packs are dead. When you’ve fired off all your explosive rounds and all else fails you can use the M-23 Blaster with a bayonet attached as an offensive or defensive weapon. If the bayonet breaks, you can use your blaster as a club. A marine doesn’t stop fighting until he is dead,” Senior Drill Instructor Blackburn yelled.
They attended a class on water safety. The drill instructors ordered them to jump into a swimming pool wearing a pack with full combat gear. It was a timed test to see how long they could survive floating in the water. David thought for a moment that he was going to drown. He felt weak, but he managed to make it through the exercise. The drill instructors also taught them life-saving techniques.
“I know you little worms are wondering why we’re teaching water safety here on the moon. Most of you will ship out to Mars or become part of the Space Division of the Fleet Marines, think about this! At the end of your first hitch, or on your second, should you re-up, they could assign you to the straight leg Navy on Earth! There are two mighty big oceans back home. Should you fall overboard, or get your ship shot out from under you, you’ll need to know how to survive!” Corporal Morales yelled.
David clung to the side of the pool to catch his breath.
When they weren’t taking classes, they ran with Sergeant Blackburn. He led them on ten-mile runs. He would leave the main complex and head into the bush. They stayed under the massive dome, which housed the entire base. The area they ran through was as rocky and rugged as any place on Earth. The environmental division of the Federal Defense Forces had brought in topsoil. They planted trees and shrubs. There was even a stream meandering through the base. David saw pan-sized fish swimming in the stream. 
They also did massive amounts of PT. When one of the inductees screwed up; the DIs beat him with their rubber Billy clubs. He forced the entire platoon to do PT. Close to the end of the first phase of their training one inductee was always causing problems. He was getting the entire platoon into trouble. One evening the platoon had to march in circles for hours carrying buckets of sand in each hand. That night the platoon held a blanket party. One person held the offender down with his blanket over his head. The rest of the platoon filed by his bunk swinging socks filled with bars of soap. They battered his chest and upper body.
David’s nostrils flared and his breathing accelerated. His heart pounded inside his chest. “Shape up, you SOB,” David whispered and took his turn bashing the inductee. His screams filled the barracks. No drill instructors appeared from the DI shack to save the day. The next morning at reveille, the inductee seemed like a new man.
Gallagher, Garcia, Martin, and Rosenbaum formed a tight group within the platoon. The sergeant appointed David as squad leader. Alonzo, Paul, and Louis were the most trusted members of his squad. The fourth week of their training was spent in the field. They marched out into the bush, participated in live-fire exercises, and had to crawl under barbed wire obstacles. The instructors fired machine guns and laser carbines over their heads. Simulated explosions showered them with dirt and debris.
David kept his head down. Biting back the fear, he tried to keep his hands from shaking. A sense of exhilaration shot through him when the bullets screamed overhead. They crossed a slimy mud bog while under fire and formed a defensive perimeter on the bank on the far side of the creek. After the live-fire exercise, they bivouacked in the brush and played war games. The drill instructors designated Platoon 605 as the red army while platoon 606 was the blue army. David led patrols, looking for the enemy’s base.
On the final day of the exercise, the red army assaulted the blue army’s base and won the exercise. They marched back to the barracks, a tired, dirty gritty bunch having completed the first phase of their training. Once again, they packed their seabags. This time, their move was a short one. Platoon 605 marched down the stairs to the second tier of the barracks and took possession of the bunks.
***
Platoon 605 spent the first week of their second phase of training working in the mess hall. They crawled out of their rack at 03:30 hours to help feed the hungry marines. The sergeant in charge of the mess hall kept them busy until 20:00 hours. Then they would attend their evening classes. Finished with their week of mess hall duty, platoon 605 trained in chemical and biological warfare. They received training in the use of the Mark I EVA suit. Sergeant Duncan marched the inductees to a metal shack. He had the NCOs on the outside of the room close the hatches sealing them inside. Sergeant Duncan gave the inductees a demonstration of the suit's capabilities.
“The Mark I EVA suit is your basic light-duty EVA suit. Unlike Mark II, you can put it on over your clothes. They designed it for short-term EVA missions. Missions like traveling from an atmospherically contained vehicle to an atmospherically contained building. The Mark II is for missions of longer durations. You must be nude inside the Mark II suits. The Mark II has urine and shit bags, which secure to the inside of your legs. It also has a camel pack for water and a nitro pack for nourishment. You access them through tubes inside your helmet. You can survive in a Mark II suit indefinitely. But you have to change out your air tanks when they are empty. You have to re-supply your nourishment packs and re-supply your water bladders. You have to change out your waste bags when they get full,” Sergeant Duncan said. “Pair up with another inductee. When you put on your suit, have your buddy check your seals and air tanks. Then check his.” A murmur went through the group of inductees.
Once all the inductees suited up in the Mark I EVA suits they did with their equipment checks. The attendants drained the atmosphere inside the sealed room. They turned off the artificial gravity. The inductees interacted in the weightless environment. They learned how to move about in the EVA suits. After their EVA suit training, the inductees of platoon 605 marched to the rifle range and spent a week dry firing the M-23 Blaster.
“Remember breath control and remember your sight picture. Give the trigger a gentle squeeze as you exhale,” Sergeant Blackburn said. He instructed the inductees on the grass by the firing range.
The following week, the inductees of platoon 605 practiced their shooting skills. They fired from the standing, kneeling, and prone position, firing from three hundred yards, using, 223 rounds, explosive rounds, and short laser blast. By Friday, everyone in platoon 605 was shooting well and everyone qualified. By the end of eight weeks, the inductees of platoon 605 had begun to work as a unit. Those who had been on the fat side when they entered boot camp had thinned down and muscled up. Those who were too skinny, hand put on weight and added muscle; the beatings with the Billy clubs had ceased. Now and then, the Inductees would hear a rare word of praise from their instructors.
Once again they packed their seabags and moved down to the bottom tier of the barracks for the third phase of their training. They spent the final four weeks of boot camp in close order drill, getting ready for graduation, and endured several inspections. The officers went over their uniforms and paid meticulous detail to the proper wearing of the uniform. They also graded them in the military bearing and decorum.
“You’re almost there my little worms!” Sergeant Blackburn yelled one evening. “We’ve got to polish off the rough edges and turn you into marines!” The night before graduation, the inductees stood at attention in their barracks. Sergeant Blackburn and the base commander gave them their last inspection. The base commander gave them a passing grade and left the squad bay while Sergeant Blackburn looked at his platoon with pride.
“Congratulations! You are no longer maggots or worms! You are no longer inductees! Today you are Marines! Tomorrow, during the ceremony after you march in review, you will all receive the rank of PFC. After the ceremony, you will receive a three-day pass! You will report back here at zero six hundred hours there days from now. We will provide transportation to Advanced Infantry Training! Remember those Mark II EVA suits that Sergeant Duncan spoke of during your EVA training? You will spend the next two months using them! After that, you’ll get your orders and travel to your first duty stations! Get some rest marines! Tomorrow’s a big day!” Sergeant Blackburn yelled and left the squad bay. A loud cheer broke out amongst the ranks.
“We made it, man!” Alonzo said and grabbed David up in a bear hug.
David’s chest puffed out and a grin crossed his face. “I had my doubts at first. I didn’t think I had what it takes.”
“You’ve got to be kidding mate. You were my rock. It seemed like you did everything right. When I felt like giving up, I looked at you. I figured if you could hang in there, then so could I.”
“This had to be the hardest thing I’ve ever been through in my life. After this, AIT has to be a cakewalk,” Paul said. Little did he know that he would later, remember those words and laugh at his naivety.
***
After Graduation, David, Alonzo, Louis, and Paul headed to town to enjoy their three-day pass. It was the first time that any of them had the chance to see the lunar colonies. They got a brief glimpse when they passed through on the bus heading to boot camp. The first thing they did when they entered the plaza, a large indoor mall under a massive dome, was head to the local pub. David looked down the front of the server droid’s dress when she delivered their drinks. He noticed the fabric of her sheer white top, which barely contained her ample bosom.
“It’s hard to believe they’re not human,” David said and picked up his drink.
“Human or not Mate, those titties look real,” Louis said. He gave the blonde-headed female server droid’s left breast a squeeze. The droid let out a squeal. Paul gave her a playful slap on the ass when the droid turned and headed back to the bar. The smell of tobacco smoke and stale alcohol drifted across the room.
“Her butt felt real,” Paul said. The back of her skirt barely covered the cheeks of her ass.
“Her tit did too,” Louis said and laughed.
“You couldn’t get away with that with a real girl,” David said.
“You might get yourself a real good shiner, Mate,” Louis said.
“You clowns are such pigs. If you were a Latin lover like me, the women would fall all over you. You wouldn’t have to get grabby. They’d be grabbing you,” Alonzo said. After getting good and drunk, they found a local tattoo parlor, had the Fleet Marine emblem tattooed on their left biceps, and then found one of the local brothels. After their three-day pass ran out, they climbed back on the bus, still half-drunk, and headed back to the base. Once they boarded the bus, they stowed their Mark I EVA suits and leaned back to enjoy the ride. When the bus arrived on base, they climbed, out and stood on the same sidewalk, with the yellow feet painted on its surface.
Bleary-eyed and hungover, they gathered with the other marines and waited for the bus that would take them to their AIT training.
“Isn’t this like the military, hurry the fuck up and wait,” David said.
The marines of platoon 605 boarded buses which took them through the base to an exit. It was on the opposite side from where they entered upon arriving for boot camp. They traveled for over an hour, still inside the massive domed structure. The buildings lining the road gave way to trees and shrubs. The trees and shrubs gave way to the rugged cratered landscape of the moon. The bus stopped at an airlock when they reached the south bulkhead and pulled inside. The outer airlock doors opened. The bus pulled out onto the barren lunar landscape. An NCO ambling up at the center aisle stopped next to David’s chair.
“You gentlemen might as well relax and enjoy the ride. It will be a few hours before we arrive at the training site. It’s off in the middle of nowhere. Platoon six zero five will debark at Camp Lunar Bravo. Platoon six zero six will go on to Camp Lunar Charlie. When you disembark, you will need to suit up in your Mark I EVA suits. You will receive your Mark II EVA suit when you arrive at the camp,” the NCO said.
“Thank you, Sergeant. Is it as rough as everyone says?” David asked.
The young NCO smiled. “No. It’s worse. Living in an EVA suit and being in a weightless environment for a long duration is no picnic. It’s even worse when you’re expected to fight in one.”
“Well that bloke made my day,” Louis said after the NCO moved on.
Alonzo shrugged. “We survived boot camp Bro. We can survive this.”
David leaned back in his chair to catch some sleep. Alonzo gazed out the window watching the lunar landscape roll by. Louis produced a deck of cards and talked Paul into a game to pass the time. The buses bounced over the lunar landscape heading to a remote military installation on the dark side of the moon.
They pulled up to the desolate base at the bottom of a massive crater. It consisted of several prefabricated buildings, which were set facing a common parade ground. There were several atmospherically contained vehicles parked on the parade ground. Stacks of building material were set near the buildings. The NCOs on the bus instructed the marines to suit up in their Mark I EVA suits. Once suited up in their EVA suits, they headed through the airlock and stepped out onto the harsh lunar landscape.
Outside a sergeant wearing, his, own EVA suit brought the marines to attention. He marched them into one of the larger buildings. They assembled in a reception hall inside the atmospherically contained building and took off their EVA suits. A dark-headed stocky NCO wearing a spotless Marine Corps uniform stepped to the front of the room.
“Gentlemen. I am Sergeant Brown. Your senior AIT training instructor. You will soon receive your Mark II EVA suits. After chow, we will hold class on the suit’s operation. You will spend the next month securing this base building fighting positions and going on recon patrols. You will work twelve hours shifts. Six hours of that time will be spent building fighting positions and six hours on patrol. After you’ve built the fighting positions and secured the base, we will be on a twenty-four-hour alert. You will spend six hours in your fighting positions and six hours on patrol. There will be rotating shifts. Platoon six zero six will be completing the same task as you. They will also prepare to assault this base. That assault should take place some time near the end of the month. After the assault, you will pack your gear and ship out taking over their positions. You will then become the aggressors.”
After orientation, the marines of platoon 605 marched off for their evening, chow. They received training in the operation and hygiene for living in the Mark II EVA suits. After class, they marched to the barracks at twenty-two hundred hours for eight hours of sleep. The following morning at zero six hundred hours, they assembled in the parade ground wearing their new Mark II EVA suits. Some went to work securing the perimeter and others built fighting positions.
Other groups of marines went out on patrol armed with M-23 Blasters, which were set to low power laser fire. They were looking for marines from platoon 606. Platoon 606 was the blue army. If they made contact they would engage them with nonlethal laser fire. If the marine scored a hit in a vital area, the suit would let out a beeping sound designating a kill. For the first two weeks, David, Alonzo, Louis, and Paul built fighting positions. When they filled their shit bags or urine bags, they disconnected them. They set the bags aside for the sanitation squad to dispose of. At the end of their shift, they headed inside for a shower, a hot meal, and some needed sleep. They also went on a few patrols. On one patrol; they walked into an ambush set by a recon patrol from the blue army.
After two weeks, they finished constructing the fighting positions and securing the perimeter. From then on, they spent six hours a day manning the fighting positions. They spent another six hours on patrol working on rotating shifts with very little sleep. Three days before the end of the month, David and Alonzo lay asleep in their racks along with Louis and Paul. The alert sounded. They jumped out of their bunks, suited up in their EVA suits, and ran to their fighting positions.
The blue army attacked the base firing their M-23 Blasters. They cut through the wire pouring into the compound. The troops manning the fighting positions fired off simulated claymore mines. They returned fire from the firing ports in their fighting positions. Green laser flashes and mock explosions lit up the night. The assault lasted for three days and ended when the blue army seized the entire base.
The marines of platoon 605 assembled with their gear the morning after the assault. They shipped out heading for the base to the north. The marines of platoon 605 became the blue army and the marines of platoon 606 took on the title of the red army. When platoon 605 arrived at their new base, their first order of business was to access the base’s defenses. After that, they would start offensive operations. They became the aggressor force and began reconnaissance missions on their former base of operations. For the next three weeks, they played cat and mouse with the patrols from the blue army.
David led his squad on several recon patrols. On the twenty-eighth day of the month, they loaded up into tracked vehicles. The assault went about the same as when they occupied the blue army’s positions. The blue army pinned them down for an hour before they broke through the wire. They received heavy laser fire from the defensive positions. When dawn broke on the second day of the siege, they secured the last building ending the assault. Two months after boarding the buses for their AIT training, they climbed onto the buses once more, headed back to the recruiting depot, and assembled in the room near the receiving barrack. It was the same room they had assembled when they first arrived at boot camp.
Senior drill instructor Ray Blackburn stepped to the front of the room. He sat at a wooden table behind a microphone. To his left set a stack of envelopes with names written on each one. Excitement filled the air and conversation buzzed through the room.
“First let me say, congratulations, marines upon the completion of your training. Before me, I have your orders. When I call your name, come to the front. After you receive your orders, report to the bus stop outside. The buses will take you back to the lunar colony. Inside your packet will be a two-day pass, which you can spend here at the lunar colonies. Then you will report to the shuttle port. You will catch a ride to spacedock where you will make connections to your first duty station.”
Sergeant Blackburn called the names and announced the duty stations. Some of the marines received assignments to one of the bases on Earth’s moon to serve as peacekeepers. Most received orders assigning them to Mars.
“PFC David Gallagher,” Sergeant Blackburn said. “Two days from now you report to the CEU-Pathfinder. She’s a troop transport which will take you to Mars where you will serve as a peacekeeper at the Martian colonies.” David stood to his feet and went to the front of the room to get his orders. “Alonzo Garcia. You will serve in the Fleet Marine’s new Deep Space Division. You will serve on the Port Royal. She’s in spacedock now. She’ll still be there in two days after your two-day pass expires.” After receiving their orders, David and Alonzo stepped out front and stood near the bus stop. Louis and Paul stepped up next to them after they received their orders.
“Where are you headed?” David asked Louis.
“I’m assigned to the Deep Space Division on the Port Royal with Alonzo. It doesn’t sound right mate. These blokes with the gold oak leaves don’t know their ass from a teakettle. I only planned on doing one hitch. Exploring deep space might take a bit longer,” Louis said.
Alonzo shrugged. “I guess you can straighten that out when you report for duty.”
“Where are you headed?” David asked Paul.
“I’m shipping out on the Pathfinder with you. We’re going to Mars,” Paul said.
“You guys can have Mars. Who wants to spend your time trying to corral a bunch of rowdy miners, when you can explore the galaxy? We’re going to make history, bro,” Alonzo said, putting his arm around Louis Martin’s shoulder trying to cheer him up.
“They are having a problem with rebels on the red planet,” Paul said.
“History and the red planet can wait. Let’s get on board this bus and head to the colonies. I need a beer,” David said. Two days later four friends gathered in the lobby at spacedock. They were half-drunk and hungover.
“This is it, mates. Who knows when the four of us will be together again,” Louis said.
“I’m sure we can locate each other on the Military VID-net. I’ll search for you guys and send you a message,” David said.
“Take care bro. It’s not gonna feel right without you guarding my back,” Alonzo said, grabbing David up in a bear hug.
“Old Louis here will back you up if you get in a tight spot,” David said, trying to swallow the lump in his throat.
“I’ll see you back in Cold Water when we’re out if I don’t see you before,” Paul said to Louis and hugged him.
“I doubt it, mate. As soon as I part company with the Federal Defense Forces, I’m heading back to jolly old England.” Finished with their goodbyes they parted company. Two-headed for Mars, and two-headed for the stars.
***




Chapter 12

Dillon Kincaid’s hands gripped the armrest of the captain’s chair on the CEU-Thunder Claw. Sweat beaded up, on his forehead. The muscles in the back of his neck felt as taut as a guitar’s E string. He gazed out the viewscreen at the ships orbiting Jupiter and her moons. The woman manning the com station on Jupiter’s spacedock had been hailing them. Kincaid had not allowed his communications officer to respond. He drummed his fingers on the armrest of his chair and then wiped the sweat from his brow.
“It would have been nice if the intelligence people had let us know about these ships. Who are these people anyway? They can’t be miners,” First Officer Adam Beasley said. He adjusted the view on the forward viewscreen bringing it to full magnification. “This is looking more and more like a suicide mission.”
Kincaid let out a snort. “Hell yeah it’s a suicide mission, but we’ve got it to do. I guess the brass thought these miners would be sitting on their fat asses waiting for us. They hired some MERCs. Miss Jessup Contact the Raven, the Condor, the Eagle’s Claw, the Sparrow Hawk, and the Fire-Bird. Tell them to act as a blocking force. I’m going to lead the rest of us to the objective.”
The Thunder Claw, along with four other PPF vessels, increased its downward angle sweeping toward the surface of Europa bypassing Callisto and Ganymede. The ships orbiting these moons broke orbit to engage and the ships Kincaid had assigned as the blocking force turned to face the threat. The MERCs employed by Ludwig Von Wolf hammered the PPF vessels with laser fire. Blue-green flashes of light lit up the night.
***
Inside the com center on Jupiter’s spacedock, Linda Van Horn watched their viewscreen. It reminded her of the fireworks displays back home, only this was much more deadly. She contacted the military headquarters on Europa. The PPF fleet split. Half of them headed toward the moon’s surface. Two of the ships, acting as a blocking force, took direct hits. The torpedoes penetrated their shields and burned through their hulls. Their fusion reactors overheated and exploded. A blinding flash of white light filled Linda’s viewscreen. A debris field filled the space surrounding the spacedock. The three vessels of the blocking force that remained turned to flee.
***
Gustav Kesler sat on the bridge of his flagship watching the scene unfold. “Should we let them go?” the vessel’s captain asked.
Gustav shook his head. “Negative. Annihilate them.” He pulled a cigar from the front pocket of his uniform blouse and fired it up. The smell of tobacco smoke filled the bridge. Twenty ships from Kesler’s fleet pursued the fleeing PPF vessels. They fired a volley of proton torpedoes. Three distinct explosions filled the viewscreen. A debris field filled the space in front of their vessels.
“Turn around and take us to Europa. Let’s see if we can catch those other ships before they land,” Gustav said to his helmsmen.
***
God, it’s almost like we’re flying through a gauntlet. Kincaid’s space cruiser descended toward the surface of Europa. Laser fire from the surface ached up toward his ship. Ships from the MERC’s fleet made short work of his blocking force. Now they nipped at the heels of his small assault forces. Two of the ships in the assault force took direct hits from proton torpedoes. They exploded killing everyone on board. Two more took hits from the moon’s laser cannons and crashed into the surface.
“Take us down on the deck!” Dillon yelled to his helmsmen as they swept over the surface heading toward the main mining complex. The Thunder Claw flew through a narrow canyon. She tried to avoid the ground fire from the laser cannons. Men in fighting positions dug into the canyon walls fired at them with M-23 Blasters and machine guns.
“Captain! Our shields are down and I’m losing control of our forward thrusters! We coming in too hot!” the helmsmen yelled.
“Set us down in front of their main compound! Even if you have to do so in a controlled crash!”
“Aye Captain.” The helmsmen set the Thunder Claw down in front of what had once been Consolidated Mining’s main office complex. Kincaid felt a sharp jolt when the ship touched down and slid to a stop. It broke off one of its landing struts. Commandos threw on their EVA suits and grabbed their rifles. They rushed through the airlock, ran down the exit ramp, and formed a defensive perimeter around the ship. Kincaid and the officers on the bridge ran to the exit hatch, put on their EVA suits, and ran down the exit ramps to join the battle.
Men rose from a trench in front of the mining complex opening up with their Blasters. They lit up the night sky over Europa with laser fire. Outnumbered, Kincaid and his team put up a hard fight. Their armored EVA suits, after repeated hits, failed. Kincaid’s breath caught in his throat. A hole burnt through his upper chest, the impact caused him to spin around and land on his back. His chest felt as if it were on fire. Through the face shield of his EVA suit, he saw the blurry image of a man standing over him with a gun. Awe shit, Kincaid thought and slipped into unconsciousness.
***
Cyrus Bonelli stood, transfixed. He gazed out the window of his council chambers at the lights of New York City. Hover cars moved through the air in front of the window. Acid reflux burned the inside of his throat. Moments before, Cyrus had received word of the destruction of the PPF vessels. They had attempted to land on Europa. One of the vessels in the blocking force managed to fire off a VID Com seconds before Kesler’s ships blew it to bits. I should have known they would hire mercenaries, but where did they get the funds? Cyrus wondered. Damn, Damn, Damn. Cyrus called an emergency meeting of the Joint Chiefs. They gathered in his council chambers. “Gentlemen,” Cyrus said stepping before them. “The folly caused by the bureaucrats sitting on the Council of Economic Unions has come to pass. It is now time for the military to intervene. Operation Bold Strike will begin at zero six hundred hours.”
“Begging your pardon, sir, but it wasn’t the Planetary Patrol Force’s fault. They only allowed us to use ten ships. The intelligence was bad,” the general from the Planetary Patrol Force protested.
Cyrus raised his hands. “I understand. I’m not blaming you people. It's them bastards on the council floor that are to blame. As I was saying. Bold strike commences at zero six hundred hours. Once your ships are on station, you will set up a blockade. You will demand the surrender of this rabble that calls themselves the New Republic. If they refuse to surrender, we will launch a full-scale assault on the moons of Jupiter. Europa will be our primary target. I want their leadership taken alive. I want them brought back here in chains to stand trial for treason. I want those tanker ships moving. Our supplies of helium-3 and hydrogen are running low. The bureaucrats on the council floor have their panties in a bunch. Who knows what they’ll come up with next? Gentlemen, you have your orders. Make it so.” A murmur went through the crowd of assembled officers. Cyrus watched the generals of the main branches of the Federal Defense Forces file out of the room.
The fleet admirals received encrypted transmissions putting them on alert. The ships were made ready for space. One-third of the main battle fleet left the spacedock orbiting Earth and headed for the moon. They would link up with several more ships orbiting the lunar spacedock and head toward Mars. The main bulk of the fleet broke orbit with Mars and headed toward the asteroid belt. They would be the first ones on the scene and it was their duty to set up the blockade of Jupiter.
“Mr. President. You have an incoming VID flash transmission on your VID screen. It’s marked urgent,” Cyrus’s aide said when he entered the room.
“Who is it?”
“He says his name is Shawn Gallagher, president of the New Republic.” Cyrus stormed out of his council chambers and into his private office. “Computer, play incoming video flash message marked urgent.” The image of Shawn Gallagher appeared on the screen. Cyrus sat down behind the computer screen glaring at his adversary. “I’m not used to having casual conversations with traitors and insurrectionists. State your business!”
Shawn leaned back in his chair. “Mr. President. I want you to know that you got a lot of good men killed for nothing. All you had to do was to concede to our demands and the takers would be flying once more. You’d have all the helium and hydrogen you need. Now over one hundred men are dead.”
The veins in Cyrus’s neck pulsed and his face flushed. “We will never give in to blackmail and deceit from vermin such as you. Those men went to their deaths because of a bunch of bureaucrats. Bureaucrats who chose to play patty cake with a bunch of terrorists. Their blood is not on my hands, but I can guarantee you that there are more men and ships where those came from. We’re coming and we will exterminate you like the vermin you are! When I have you back on Earth, in chains, I will make it my duty to fire the laser bolt that takes your life.”
Shawn shrugged. “You know, you should try not to take things so personally. If you care, one of the PPF personnel survived. A Captain Dillon Kincaid. Our medical people are seeing to his wounds. Once he recovers, we’ll place him with the rest of the detainees. When you concede to our demands, we will work out some kind of prisoner exchange. Hell, we might even negotiate some trade deals. Who knows? We could even become friends.”
“Fuck you! Computer, end transmission!”
***
Captain Chambers lay in bed sound asleep between two naked androids. Light exploded through the tiny crib when First Officer Bannister entered the room. Chambers groaned. Crawling from between the two naked female androids, he turned set his feet on the floor, leaned forward, and placed his head in his hands.
A smirk crossed Banister’s face. “Of all the dives in the colony, you have to pick, Dolly’s Droids? God, Jack. You’d put your pecker in a knothole if you had the chance.”
Chambers smiled. “Don’t knock it if you haven’t tried one. You don’t have to cuddle with an android when you’re done. You turn them off. They’re fully functional in every way. Their skin texture is so smooth you can’t tell that they’re not real women.” The redheaded, big-breasted android, now in sleep mode on the bed began to stir. The blonde remained asleep with her large breasts pointing to the sky. Banister noticed a tiny field of freckles covering the redhead’s nose.
“You do have a thing for blondes and redheads.”
“You’ve got to quit barging in on me like this Craig. Haven’t you ever heard of knocking?”
Banister sighed. “I did knock. I about beat the damned door down. Let’s go, my friend. We’ve got marines to pick up. The fleet leaves at fifteen hundred hours. The Port Royal needs her captain.”
“God, my head hurts. What time is it?”
Banister laughed. “Zero seven hundred Earth Standard time. I know the thing for that hangover. Breakfast at the officers’ mess and about a gallon of good old Navy Coffee.”
“Yeah. It might rot out your insides, but it will kill your hangover.” Chambers stood to his feet and Bannister waited while he dressed. They stepped out into the dim hallway, covered with maroon carpeting, and headed down the corridor toward the exit. Squinting, because of the dim light, Chambers noticed four marines in the hallway. They sprung to attention and snapped off salutes. Captain Chambers, along with First Officer Bannister returned the curtsy.
“As you were, gentlemen,” Chambers said, wondering if these were some of his marines. After speaking with the Marines, Chambers, and Bannister left Dolly’s Droids heading across the mall to the exit. They put on their EVA suits, caught a bus to the shuttle port, boarded their shuttle, and settled in for the ride. The shuttle lifted off the surface. Captain Chambers looked out the porthole next to his seat and watched the cratered surface of the moon recede below them.
They had left Earth three days ago, and when they arrived at the lunar spacedock, the place looked crowded. Federal Defense Force vessels filled every docking port at the spacedock. The new fleet of Deep Space vessels had to take a higher orbit away from the clutter. There had been no place for them to dock. Chambers gave the ship’s crew a two-day pass to visit the colony before they continued to Mars. Now, the spacedock looked deserted and their fleet was the only ships in orbit.
“Where is everybody?” Chambers asked, looking out his porthole.
“It has something to do with the situation on Europa. I expect we’ll hear about it once we're back on board ship.”
Chambers nodded. “I hope we don’t get caught up in that mess.”
“The powers that be want to keep us out of it.”
The shuttle gained altitude and entered space. It headed toward the massive fleet gathered above the spacedock. Chambers saw the green flashing lights and the massive steel launch bay doors opened. Their shuttle flew through the launch bay doors and sat down on the launch bay of the Port Royal.
“Home at last,” Bannister said.
“Yeah, let’s go get that breakfast you were talking about. I need some caffeine.”
“What’s the matter? You’re not feeling chipper this morning?”
Chambers shook his head. “Fuck you, Craig. I feel like a warm bag of shit.”
Banister laughed. “You have such a way with words.” They stood to head for the shuttle’s exit hatch.
Finished with breakfast, Cambers entered his conference room. He answered a flash transmission on the VID screen. The face of Admiral Boris Ivanov filled the screen.
“Good morning, sir,” Captain Chambers said nodding at the image on the screen.
“Good morning Captain. I wanted to inform you about the events which transpired on Europa a short while ago.”
Chambers leaned back in his chair. “I’ve been busy with other things for the last couple of days and haven’t kept up with the news. I noticed that most of the main battle fleet has left. What’s up?”
The admiral’s expression turned grave. “The PPF launched an assault on the New Republic’s main complex. The council wanted to keep things low-key, so they only sent in ten ships. It was a bad mistake. The New Republic forces obliterated our PPF comrades. It seems that the miners on Europa have some mercenary forces working with them. President Bonelli ordered an immediate blockade of Jupiter. It is in preparation for a major offensive.”
Chambers’ eyes widened. “How will that affect our mission?”
“I hope we don’t get drawn into this conflict. If these rebels on Europa don’t allow us to pass through their space, then we may have to blast our way through. We need to use Jupiter’s gravity to assist us on our journey to the outer reaches of the solar system.”
“Maybe they’ll listen to reason. If we explain that we’re not part of the assault force that all we want to do is head for deep space, maybe they’ll let us pass.”
“I hope so. If not, we’ll shoot our way through. Will the Port Royal be ready for a fifteen-hundred departure?”
Chambers nodded. “Yes sir. We have some marines to pick up, but I’m sure everyone will be on board in time.”
“Good. I’m sure you have pressing duties to attend to. Carry on.” Admiral Ivanov’s image on the screen disappeared and the screen went dark. The shuttle pilots in the fleet spent the next eight hours shuttling marines to their ships. When the marines arrived, they marched to the turbo lifts, rode down to their berthing areas, stowed their gear, and met in the assembly hall for an orientation briefing once the ships were underway.
Captain Chambers sat in the captain’s chair on the bridge of the Port Royal. The time was fifteen hundred hours Earth Standard time. First officer Bannister sat beside him. The communications officer received word that they were clear to leave orbit. Chambers looked at his helmsmen. “Mr. Walker. Take us out of orbit. Let’s take up our position in the fleet. Set a course for Mars.”
“Aye Captain.” The Port Royal broke orbit. It took up its position with the fleet and the new fleet of deep space vessels left Earth’s moon behind on route to Mars.
Cambers looked at his communications officer. “Miss. Barrow. Contact Fleet Marine headquarters. Patch Commander Dawson through to my panel.”
“Yes sir,” the young blonde-headed communications officer said.
“Captain. What can I do for you, sir?” Commander Dawson asked.
“I wanted to see how things are going. Are your marines settled in?”
“They’re fine, sir. We’re right in the middle of an orientation briefing. Would you like to come down and address the troops?”
“I’d love to. I’ll be right there.” Chambers stood to his feet and looked at his first officer. “Mr. Bannister, you have the bridge.” Chambers stepped through the set of double doors leading to the main hallway. He headed down to the turbo lifts and rode a lift down into the bowels of the ship to the deck housing the Fleet Marines. He stepped out of the turbo lift, passed through the office complex, and entered their main assembly hall. Men sat at tables and chairs facing a stage. A Marine Corps officer stood on the stage addressing the troops.
When Commander Dawson saw, Captain Chambers enter the room he smiled. “Gentlemen. Let me introduce our captain. Mr. Jack Chambers.” Chambers stepped up onto the stage. He shook Commander Dawson’s hand after returning his salute. The men stood at attention when Chambers stepped up to the podium.
Chambers smiled. “Gentlemen, as you were.” The men sat down. “On behalf of all the naval officers and enlisted personnel, I’d like to welcome you aboard the Port Royal. You, gentlemen, are fortunate to be on this vessel. You are making history. You are among the first who will venture out of our solar system. I trust that you will adapt to life on board the ship. I’m sure that Commander Dawson will keep you busy. We have some training events scheduled soon. We will be in space for the next three months before arriving at Mars. If you have any questions, don’t hesitate to ask. All though I respect the chain of command, my door is open to anyone.”
A young dark-headed marine raised his hand and stood at the back of the room. “Sir, I have a question.”
“That’s what I’m here for. State your name, and ask your question.”
“Sir, my name is Louis Martin. From what they’re telling us, this could be a long mission. I planned to do only one hitch. I’d like to get back home to England as soon as I can.”
Chambers stepped up to the edge of the stage. “They told me that everyone assigned to this ship had marked yes on that box in their induction form. The box saying that they might consider a career with the Federal Defense Forces.”
The young marine shook his head. “Not me sir. I marked no in that box.”
“They were using old-fashioned pen and paper forms in San Diego. Their digital-pad system was down. Private Martin must have smudged his form. It’s possible, that the clerks in Diego made a mistake,” Commander Dawson interjected.
“Regardless, the needs of the service come first. You’ve been in the Marine Corps for five months. You still have three years and seven months on your first tour. We can’t turn this fleet around and head back to Earth because of one man. When your hitch runs out, we’ll be out of the solar system. You're with us for the duration. Make the best of it.”
“Yes sir. Thank you, sir.” Louis Martin sat down.
“If there are no further questions, I have other duties to attend to. I expect that during our mission I’ll get a chance to speak to each one of you. Again, I’d like to welcome you all aboard.” Chambers stepped away from the podium and the marines stood and applauded.
Back in his office, Chambers sat down at his oak conference table. He logged onto the ship’s personnel records. He looked up Marine Corps PFC, Louis Martin’s records, and read everything that was there. The file held the young man’s records and the personal opinions of his teachers. It held reports from the political officers from grade school until the present. He flipped on his VID screen and sent a flash transmission to Commander Dawson. A few seconds later the image of Commander Dawson appeared on the screen.
“Hello, Captain. What can I do for you?”
Chambers swiveled back and forth in his chair. “I was going over this PFC Martin’s records. He’s shown no discipline problems in the past. His teachers, and his drill instructors, say that he has excellent leadership potential.”
“Of course, he only arrived aboard ship this afternoon, but I know the DIs down on the lunar recruitment depot. They don’t sugarcoat things. If they say he’s a squared-away marine, then that’s what he is.”
“It sounds like he’d be an excellent candidate for the new officers’ training academy. The admiral’s orders are to hold officers training classes. He wants people with leadership potential to advance through the ranks.”
“Yes sir. We’re trying to fill out the classes now for the marines. I could talk to Private Martin about it.”
“Better yet, send him up to my office. I’d like to broach the subject with the young man.”
“Will do sir. I’ll send him right up.”
Chambers ended the VID transmission. He continued to scan the files of the new marines aboard his ship. Ten minutes later, he heard a knock at his door. “Enter.”
Louis Martin stepped inside, stood at attention, and snapped off a salute. Chambers returned the gesture. “Private Louis Martin reporting as ordered, sir.”
“Have a seat. I was going to have some coffee. Would you like a cup?”
“I wouldn’t mind a spot of tea, but if coffee’s all you have, I’ll take a cup.”
Chambers laughed. “That’s right. You’re English. I’m sure the beverage dispenser can come up with a good cup of tea.” Martin waited until Chambers returned and handed him a cup of tea, then he sat down. Chambers leaned forward in his chair resting his arms on his desk. “Private Martian, I’d like to talk to you a little more about the question you asked me in your orientation briefing. As I said before, the needs of the service come first. We’re on a mission that could keep us away from home for twenty-five years or more. We can’t have marines trying to quit on us, or resorting to mutiny, because their hitch has run out.”
Louis nodded. “I will do my duty, sir. However long the mission lasts.”
“I could try to arrange a transfer to another unit and leave you on Mars to serve as a peacekeeper, but I have another idea. Might I make a suggestion? I was looking through your records. You have high marks on your test. Your teachers and superior officers have inserted positive comments into your file. They say things such as, ‘This marine shows excellent leadership qualities. The admiral has ordered us to start Officers Training Classes. I suggest you sign up. You’re with us for the duration. Why not make the best of it? This way, when we arrive back home, twenty-five years from now, you’ll be at a higher rank with a fatter wallet.”
Martin’s eyes widened. “An officer? I never thought of myself as an officer, but I will give it some thought sir.” Louis tossed back the rest of his tea and Captain Chambers stood up extending his hand.
“Give it some serious thought. You could have a bright future in the Federal Defense Forces. You’re dismissed.”
“I will sir. Thank you, sir.” Martin snapped off another salute, turned on his heels, and left the room.
***
The Port Royal and the rest of the fleet crossed the vast gulf of space separating Earth from Mars. The fleet held two training missions. One of which consisted of an occupation of a large asteroid. Another consisted of landing troops on board a derelict vessel. After searching the vessel, the ships opened up on the derelict with their weapons. They fired their lasers and launched volley after volley of proton torpedoes. The ship exploded into a floating cloud of debris.
Life onboard the ship became routine. When they launched the officers’ training classes, twenty-five people signed up. They assigned the officer cadets the temporary rank of third lieutenants. After spending eight hours in class, the recruits had to work at various parts of the ship for four hours a day serving as the officer of the day. They also stood fire watch when their turn came around. Their days were long and hard with very little sleep.
When the Port Royal approached the red planet, Bannister sat on the bridge. He couldn’t help but marvel at how peaceful the planet looked. The spectacular view from space masked the deep turmoil on the surface.
“So beautiful, yet so volatile,” Bannister said to himself. The red planet is a powder keg ready to explode. When she does, she’ll run red with blood. He flipped the toggle of the com-unit on his console and called the captain to the bridge.
***




Chapter 13

Shawn Gallagher watched the battle unfolding in real-time on his VID screen. He sat in his office at the computer console. Linda identified the incoming PPF vessels and transmitted the information to Europa. Shawn’s new security team hustled him into his office. He protested saying that he wanted to get an M-23 Blaster and join the fight but the security detail would not let him out of his office.
“You’re too valuable to lose, sir. I can’t let you out the door,” his head of security said. He had five burley agents standing behind him to back his play. Shawn heaved a sigh and relented. He had to be content to watch the battle unfold on the VID screen. The PPF vessels split. Five turned to engage Guatav’s fleet while the other five swept down toward the surface. The blocking force fled, the superior numbers of Kesler’s fleet, but Kesler’s ships pursued. Flashes of light filled the screen when Kesler’s ships destroyed the fleeing vessels.
Shawn hit a button on the computer’s virtual keyboard accessing the cameras on the surface. Laser fire lit up the night. He sat helplessly as the vessels swept over the surface at treetop level if there had been trees on Europa. One by one, Kesler’s fleet destroyed the enemy vessels. The last ship landed in front of the building housing his office. Shawn slammed his fist down on his desk in frustration. Commandos poured out of the vessel. They formed a defensive perimeter and Shawn watched the firefight take place outside. The images appeared on his VID screen. Laser bolts and solid projectiles flashed on his screen. The troops in their fighting positions opened up on the commandos from the PPF vessel. When he saw the last man fall, Shawn jumped to his feet. “The battle’s over. I want to go outside.”
“Let me make sure it’s safe, sir,” his chief of security said.
“I said I want to go outside! I don’t give a God damn if it’s safe! I’m the president of this frozen piece of ice, am I not?” Shawn yelled and headed for the door.
“Yes sir. Give us five minutes to get a security detail together.” His security chief activated his com-unit.
“I can suit up while you’re doing that.” Fifteen minutes later, adorned in an EVA suit, Shawn stepped out onto the surface of Europa. He carried an M-23 Blaster. The security team surrounded their president. He surveyed the battlefield taking in the bodies and the frozen blood on the ice.
“Did we lose anybody?” Shawn asked his head of security.
“The word I’m getting is that we have one KIA and two injured.”
Shawn cursed under his breath going from body to body looking at the dead. “What a waste.” He rolled a body over onto its back, knelt, and looked into the face of the man’s EVA suit. Fog filled the inside of the faceplate from the man’s shallow breath. “Call the medics. This man’s not dead.”
***
Shawn sat at his desk in his conference room looking at his cabinet members. He poured them each a glass of Jack Daniels Tennessee whiskey and glanced from face to face. His eyes finally rested upon the face of his chief intelligence officer. “Jerry. What do you think the feds will do now? What do your intelligence operatives tell you?”
“What Mr. Bonelli said. They intend to squash us like cockroaches under their feet. The main battle fleet left Earth's spacedock and is heading our way.”
Shawn took a drink from his tumbler and enjoyed the raw taste of the whiskey. “How much time do we have?”
Holliday shrugged. “Six months, give or take a few weeks.”
Shawn nodded. “What about this other fleet we’ve been hearing about on the news?”
“The deep space fleet? I don’t think they’ll give us any trouble. Their mission is to head out for the unknown, not to fuck with us, but who knows? They could merge with the main battle fleet and we could have to deal with them as well.”
“What do you think their strategy might be?”
Holiday paused, lighting a cigar. “They’ll try a blockade at first. Once they see that isn’t working they’ll land troops. The feds will figure that once they take us out, the other mining colonies will surrender. They’ll eventually land troops on the moons of Saturn as well. If this thing goes south, we can expect a federal presence out here for years to come.”
Shawn leaned back in his chair and his eyes turned to his friend and secretary of defense, John Wilson. “John, do you think our troops will be ready by the time the feds show up?”
Wilson took a drink from his tumbler filled with whiskey. “With the help of Kesler and his MERCs, we should be. They will still outnumber and outgun us. We’ve only got so many people. I hope Mr. Wolf shows up with those ships before the feds get here. Things will be tight with only Kesler’s fleet. The extra ships will help.”
Shawn turned his attention back to Holliday. “What about our awe-shit plan?”
Holliday laughed. “Things are moving along. The vessels are under construction. We’ll be ready.”
A troubled look crossed Shawn’s face. “What about that other matter?”
“He’s completed his basic training on the moon and the brass assigned him to peace-keeping duties on Mars. He’s currently in transit on the CEU-Pathfinder. It is due to arrive on station at Mars in three months.”
“Keep me posted on that. I’d like to make a move on that situation as soon as possible,” Shawn said, rising to his feet. He downed the rest of his whiskey. “Gentlemen, we have much to do before the feds show up. I’m going to have a little chat with our PPF officer in the detention center. That will be all gentlemen.” Shawn crossed the room to the door and stepped out into the main corridor. His security detail moved taking up positions around him.
Shawn entered the detention center flanked by his security detail and moved down an aisle way to the cell holding Dillon Kincaid. His nostrils flared.
“Sergeant, could you have your guards hose this place down? It’s starting to smell,” Shawn said to the guard in charge of the detention center.
“Yes sir, Mr. President.” The guard unlocked Kincaid’s cell door. President Gallagher and his security detail entered the cell. The guard closed the cell door behind them. Kincaid, still suffering from his wounds, lay back on his bunk, but he struggled to set up.
Shawn held up his hands. “No don’t. You might aggravate your wounds. Sit back and relax. I’d like to talk for a bit if you don’t mind.” Shawn pulled up a chair and sat facing Kincaid. His security detail stood with somber looks on their faces. They were close enough to come to the president’s defense if necessary.
Kincaid propped himself up on his pillows and a grin crossed his face. “Sure, let’s talk. I was hoping I’d get a chance to meet the man that was giving the CEU such fits. You don’t look crazy.”
Shawn laughed. “I can assure you that I am not. I love my freedom. That’s something that is in short supply in your federal system.”
“It’s not so bad in the military. What do you want?”
“You won’t be in the military forever.”
“Yeah. So?”
“I want to ask you a few questions.”
“You know that under the Code of Military Justice, I don’t have to tell you anything but my name rank, and serial number.” Someone in the next cell coughed.
Shawn nodded. “I know. You probably don’t have any information that we don’t already know. My intelligence people are good at what they do. I’m curious about a couple of things. I’ll ask the questions. If you don’t want to answer, then don’t.”
“Okay. Shoot.”
“Why did the PPF send you in here with only ten ships?”
“It beats the hell out of me. They wanted to send more but the council overruled them. They must have thought that we could catch you, boys, by surprise and make a clean sweep. They wanted things handled quietly so they could get you boys back to work. They want helium and hydrogen flowing like normal. They didn’t figure on you people linking up with those MERCs you have working with you. Those ships caught us by surprise.” Kincaid put his arms over his head and stretched.
Shawn smiled. “Yeah, I used to be in the PPF myself. Their intelligence is lacking.”
Kincaid nodded. “The PPF and intelligence are an oxymoron.”
“So true. Why, when you saw how many light battlecruisers you had facing you, didn’t you abort your mission? You didn’t stand a chance of completing your objective. You could have turned tail and headed back to Mars,” Shawn asked.
“I had my orders, and my honor to think of. I had no other choice.”
“You know, we could use some good pilots. You’d find serving in our new military to your liking. You’d have a lot more freedom, a hell of a lot better chances for advancement, and you could get rid of that damned biochip. We don’t use them here.”
Kincaid’s bottom jaw dropped and his eyes widened. “You don’t? How do you keep track of your people? How do you pay them?”
“We keep track of them the old-fashioned way. We pay them with real money. What do you say? Do you want to sign up? I could get you out of this cell and into a fighting unit within the hour. All you would have to do is take the loyalty oath.”
Kincaid paused, thinking, and shook his head. “No, I threw my lot in with the Federal Defense Forces a long time ago. They’ve been good to me. I’ll stick with them till the end.”
Shawn sighed. “I didn’t think you’d go for it. But I had to try. Before I leave, is there anything I can get for you? Are they feeding you all right? Is there anything you need? Are the medical people attending to your wounds as they should?”
Kincaid smiled. “Everything’s fine. The food’s pretty good. It’s much better than PPF ration packs.”
“Tell me about it,” Shawn said, standing to his feet. He put his hands in his coat pockets.
Kincaid looked up. “There is one thing if you don’t mind.”
“What’s that?” Shawn asked.
“Things get pretty boring in here. Could you bring a checkerboard? They play chess here. I was never that good at chess, but I’m the checker King. During the day when your guards allow the detainees to mingle in the common room, maybe I could get a game going. Some reading material would be good.”
“Sure. I’m sure I can arrange that. I might even stop by and play a game or two if you don’t mind. I’m still getting used to this presidential stuff. I like chess, but a good game of checkers is always fun. It would be a welcome distraction,” Shawn said and stepped out the door.
Shawn sat in his conference room near a large glass window and looked out at the starlit night sky over the icy surface of Europa. He poured himself a tumbler half full of Jack Daniels whiskey and filled the rest of the tumbler with Cock a Cola. Leaning back, he took a long pull from the tumbler and stared out the window. God, I hope we’re ready. I don’t want the blood of these people on my hands.
The door chimed and the head of Shawn’s security detail stepped into the room. “Mr. President. Mr. Holliday is here to see you,” His security chief said.
Shawn smiled. “Send him in.” He crossed the room and poured another tumbler of Jack and Coke for his head of intelligence. Holliday stepped into the room. “What can I do for you, Mr. Holliday?”
“Oh, I thought I’d stop by and see how your talk went with our PPF officer.”
“I’m glad you came by. Have a drink.” Shawn handed Holliday his drink.
“Ah. You are a man after my own heart.” Holiday took the drink.
“Have a seat.” Shawn motioned to a table. Holliday sat down at the table and they swiveled their chairs facing the window. “Europa looks so peaceful at night.”
Holiday nodded and produced a cigar. “Yeah, but that ice out there is going to turn bloody before too long.”
“I hear you. I’ve been sitting here thinking about that wondering if we’re doing the right thing. As you said earlier, the feds could squish us like so many bugs before this is over. We could all die here. If they come in here like gangbusters, the blood of these miners will be on my hands.”
Holiday lit the cigar. “Yeah, but what’s the alternative? To stay under their thumb? Freedom isn’t free. We’re all here under our own free will. Every damn one of those miners is behind you one hundred percent.”
Shawn nodded. “Do you think we’ll be ready?”
Holliday shrugged. “If Mr. Wolf shows up with those ships and we get them spaceworthy before the feds show up, we’ll have a fighting chance. How’d the talk go with our PPF prisoner?”
“As good as we can expect. Those old boys are hard nuts to crack and they are loyal to the federal system. I don’t think he has any information that we don’t already know. What do you think?”
“I agree. My intel boys had a couple of chats with him. They didn’t learn much.”
“I tried to talk him into switching allegiances. I told him that we could use some good pilots.”
Holiday laughed. “I bet that went over like a fart in church.”
“He respectfully declined. He’s career PPF.”
“What are you going to do with him?”
“There’s not much we can do, but hold him until this is over. He asked for a checkerboard. I might stop in and play a few games with him. Maybe he’ll let something slip. Maybe he does know something, but he doesn’t realize it. Who knows what little tidbit of information he might have that we could use.”
Holliday shrugged. “Who knows?”
“I kind of like the guy. He reminds me of someone on the old crew that I used to serve with when I was in the PPF.”
“Well Mr. President, I'm going to head to my quarters and hit the rack. I have a feeling that things are going to get busy around here,” Holliday said rising to his feet.
“I do too.” Shawn stood up. He stuck out his hand and they shook. “It’s having friends like you that make things bearable around here.”
After Holliday left the conference room, Shawn sat back down at the table. His thoughts drifted to his brother David. He took a pull from his tumbler of Jack and Coke starring out at the surface of Europa.
***
They kept busy on the surface of Europa during the weeks that followed. The military forces of the New Republic spent twelve hours every day, training. The miners used bulldozers to create icy earthworks surrounding the facility and built narrow canyons and trenches out on the surface. The plan was to ambush the federal forces while on the approach to the main mining complex. They hollowed out fighting positions near the rim of the canyons and booby-trapped their floors with explosives.
Shawn kept busy reviewing reports from his commanders and kept track of their preparations for the coming federal invasion. He received reports from the Governors on the moons of Saturn about their defensive preparations. An attack there seemed unlikely.
One afternoon, Shawn, along with the head of his security detail, was out on the surface. He drove a half-track to the rim of one of the canyons and switched the forward view to full magnification. Shawn watched the ongoing work below him when the com-unit on the vehicle beeped. Shawn flipped a toggle switch activating the com-unit. The image of his secretary appeared on the viewscreen.
“Mr. President. I received a VID transmission from Linda in spacedock. She says that a large force of light cruiser appeared on her screen coming out of the asteroid belt. She says they are heading our way.”
Shawn’s features turned grave. “Has she made contact with them yet?”
“No. She’s hailed them but has not received a response. Linda says these ships look like nothing she’s ever seen before.”
“Let’s hope they’re Mr. Wolf and our new ships, not the PPF boys coming back for round two. Tell Linda I’ll contact her as soon as I am back in the command center. Have John put the troops on, alert.” Shawn heaved a sigh. He shut off the com-unit, ending the transmission, and looked at his security chief riding in the passenger seat. “What do you think?”
“We need to get you back to the command center as soon as possible.”
“Let's go.” Shawn whirled the half-track around, descended from the canyon’s rim, and headed back to mining site A.
***




Chapter 14

Alonzo Garcia stumbled up the docking tube to board the Port Royal and rubbed his throbbing forehead. He felt hungover from the partying they did burning up their two-day pass before shipping out. His mind drifted back to an incident on the first night after their AIT training. David insisted on going to the red light district in one of the more seedy sections of the colony. They stopped in at an establishment known as Dolly’s Droids.
After sampling the pleasures of life-like female androids, they sat down at a table to have a beer. Two naval officers entered the bar. One of them was a friendly-looking middle-aged man with sandy blond hair. He wore captain’s bars. They stopped by their table. His fellow officer, an older man with a more serious bearing, wore the rank insignia of a first officer. Conversation buzzed through the bar room.
“Can I buy you, gentlemen, a drink?” the captain asked.
David smiled. “I make it a habit to never turn down free beer.”
The captain motioned to one of the server droids and ordered a pitcher of beer. “Did you gentlemen just get out of basic?”
“Yes sir. We finished up our Advanced Infantry Training and we’re enjoying some of this fine android flesh before we have to ship out,” David said.
The captain laughed. “You can hardly tell them from real women. What ship are you gentlemen shipping out on?”
Louis Martin motioned to Alonzo. “My mate here and I are, assigned to the Port Royal when we burn up this two-day pass.” The captain nodded and looked at David.
“Paul and I are going to Mars as peacekeepers. We’re shipping out on the CEU-Pathfinder.” The balding first officer looked at the timepiece embedded in his wrist. He seemed anxious to be on his way, but the captain ignored him.
“Be careful when you get on the ground on Mars. Those miners are a rough lot. They’re also having trouble with insurgents.”
“We will sir. Thank you for your concern,” Paul said.
“I won’t keep you, gentlemen. Good luck,” the captain said.
“You too sir. Thank you for the beer,” David said. Later that evening Alonzo found out that the young captain they had talked to was the captain of the Port Royal.
Alonzo wiped the sweat from his brow. “That’s fucking great. My captain probably thinks I’m a lush and a pervert who likes banging androids,” Alonzo said to himself.
“Had a little bit too much to drink, did we?” the young ensign said fanning the air in front of his face when Alonzo arrived at the ship.
Alonzo smiled. “You could say that.”
“Please scan your wrist across my scan pad.” Alonzo looked up at the young naval officer standing in front of the boarding hatch of the Port Royal. He ran his wrist across the scanner. The scanner read the information from Alonzo’s biochip embedded in his wrist. “Welcome aboard, Mr. Garcia. I am Ensign Palmer. Fleet Marines HQ is on E deck. The Fleet Marine berthing areas are of levels E-3 through E-5. Find a bunk, store your gear, and report to your HQ. You’ll find a set of turbo lifts halfway down this corridor.”
“Thank you, sir,” Alonzo said, firing off a snappy salute, and stepped aboard the Port Royal.
“This ship is bloody huge,” Louis said, heading down the corridor next to Alonzo. The smell of industrial cleaner filled the air.
“Tell me about it, bro. I could get lost on this tub real quick.” They followed the crowd of marines toward the turbo lifts and waited in the corridor while the marines ahead of them filled the lifts. When the next lift arrived, they made their way to the back of the lift. Marines poured in filling the lift like sardines in a can. The turbo lift descended into the bowels of the ship and a few seconds later, the doors opened. The marines inside the turbo lift filed out. A corporal standing by the door motioned down a long corridor.
“Report in at HQ and then find a bunk. Stow your gear. You have a briefing at thirteen hundred and thirty in the conference hall,” the NCO said to Alonzo and Louis. They followed the other marines to the reception center and waited in line, reporting for duty. When Alonzo reached the head of the line an NCO asked him to run his wrist across his scan pad.
“Find a bunk, and stow your gear. Report to the conference room for a mission briefing,” the NCO said. After reporting for duty, they rode the turbo lift down to the Fleet Marine crew berthing deck. The doors slid open and they stepped into a maze of corridors. Three-tiered bunks lined the narrow hallways. At the end of each bunk, setting recessed into the bulkhead were three sets of lockers. Attached to the bottom of each bunk were three small pull-out drawers to store clothing. They stowed their gear and headed back to the turbo lift to report for the mission briefing.
Garcia and Martin stepped into the conference room at Fleet Marines HQ. They found a seat near the back of the room and waited while the room filled with marines. The murmur of conversation filled the air. Several Marine Corps officers sat on a raised podium at the front of the room. A stocky dark-headed marine commander stepped up to a microphone.
“Gentleman, I am Commander Dawson. Welcome aboard the Port Royal. There are some things I’d like to go over, so your transition to life in space will go smooth. First, on your birthing decks, you will find a VID screen near the junction of each corridor. If you get lost, ask the computer for directions. On each berthing deck, there is a mess hall and an enlisted men’s lounge. Your head and shower facilities are on the main corridor. There’s also an enlisted men’s pub on each berthing deck. When you are not on duty, you may use the ship’s REC facilities on A deck. There is a movie theater, a bowling alley, a PX, and a comfort station, but you will have very little spare time. You will be on duty for eight hours each day, plus you will spend two hours of your own time in the gym. Muscle atrophy is always a problem while in space. We will hold several training events while underway. It's all to prepare us for leaving the solar system,” Commander Dawson said. He paused, took a drink from a glass of water, and continued.
“Regarding our mission, we are going, like the old TV show from the old system said, boldly where no man has gone before. We will seek out alien cultures to establish trade. We will gain new technology, form alliances, and look for worlds to colonize. On your induction forms, you marked yes on the box about showing an interest in going career.”
Martin grabbed Garcia’s arm and whispered, “I marked no on that box.”
“Hush,” Garcia said pulling away.
“This will be a long mission. Don’t expect to see Earth for the next twenty-five years.” Louis’s jaw dropped. “On the good side, you will make a lot of money. You'll get the going rate of pay for your rank, plus hazardous duty pay. The payroll clerks will deposit it in your bank accounts every month. There’s not much to spend your money on out here at space, considering your room and board is free.”
“What about the time dilation? He’s not saying anything about that. We may spend twenty-five years out here but a Century or more might pass on Earth,” Martin said.
“Shi. The scientists have figured out a way around that problem, but we don’t have that much to go home to anyway,” Garcia said.
Commander Dawson’s com-link on the lapel of his uniform beeped and he spoke into it using a low tone. Finished with his conversation, he looked back at the assembled marines. “I have some good news, gentlemen. The ship’s captain, Mr. Jack Chambers would like to say a few words. He’s on his way from the bridge right now,” Commander Dawson said. Another murmur went through the assembled marines. Captain Chambers strolled into the conference room five minutes later. Garcia couldn’t help but notice his impeccable-looking uniform with the shiny captain’s bars on his collar. Commander Dawson introduced the captain. The captain welcomed them aboard the ship and discussed some upcoming training events. When his talk turned toward the mission and he spoke about the length of time that they would be in space. When the captain opened the floor for questions, Martin’s hand shot up, so Captain Chambers called on him.
Martin stood to his feet. “Sir, when I filled out my induction forms, I marked no in the box where they ask about going career. I plan to only do a four-year hitch.”
Commander Dawson stepped up to Captain Chambers. “The batch of inductees from San-Francisco had to use pencils and paper forms. The digital-pad system was down. Some of the induction forms got smudged.”
Captain Chambers answered Martin’s questions. He said that he sympathized with him, but they couldn’t turn the ship around when his enlistment time ran out. He said that the needs of the service come first and that he should make the best of it. Later, after the briefing, Garcia and Martin lay back lounging on their bunk. They didn’t go on duty until zero six hundred hours ship time. A young dark-haired lieutenant stepped up.
He looked down at his digital pad. “Which one of you is Louis Martin?”
Martin looked down from his bunk and said, “That would be me, sir.”
The lieutenant motioned over his shoulder with his thumb. “You’re wanted on A deck. The captain wants to see you.”
“I told you that you should have kept your mouth shut,” Garcia said.
***
After saying their goodbyes, David and Paul headed across the spacedock to the docking tube connected to the CEU-Pathfinder. David stepped into the rear of a line of marines entering the docking tube. While traveling through the clear docking tube, David stared out at the vastness of space. The moon orbiting below seemed small in comparison. David's eyes moved to the ships docked at the space station. Others orbited the moon and a massive fleet set in orbit off by themselves.
“I bet that’s the new deeps space fleet everyone’s talking about. Which one of those ships is the Port Royal?” David said.
Paul shrugged. “Who knows?”
“I doubt if we’ll ever see Louis or Alonzo again. Those guys on those ships are going to be in space for a long time.” They reached the head of the line at the entrance hatch of the CEU-Pathfinder.
The naval ensign standing at the head of the line flared his nostrils breathing in the smell of alcohol. “Run your hand across my scanner.”
David did as instructed. The bio scanner read the information on his biochip logging him onto the ship. “Go down the main corridor to the turbo lifts. Take it down to the third level. Transit Marine HQ is on level three. Check-in for duty there. Crew berthing decks start on level four, but if you can’t find a bunk on level four keep going down until you do. Once you stow your gear report to the conference room on level three.”
“Yes sir,” David said. He fired off a salute and they headed down the corridor, riding the lift down to level three to report for duty. The officer on duty in the receiving area processed their orders. David and Paul found empty bunks across from each other on the second tier in a crowded section of level six. The three-tiered bunks were like those on the Port Royal. Only the passageway between the bunks was narrower.
They attended a similar briefing, as did Louis and Alonzo on the Port Royal. The commander in command of the transit marines explained the protocols of ship life and explained that they would be doing some training to prepare them for their duties on Mars. He said that they would put in an eight-hour day, training and cleaning the deck. They would clean the bulkheads and maintain the crew berthing decks and also spend two hours a day in the gym. Their day would start at zero six hundred hours. After evening chow at eighteen hundred hours, their time would be their own.
After attending the orientation briefing, David and Paul lay back on their bunks. They enjoyed some idle time before going on duty the next day. An announcement came over the ship’s PA system. It was the captain saying that the ship was now leaving spacedock en route to the red planet. A young naval ensign with sandy blond hair stopped in the corridor. “Which one of you jarheads is David Gallagher?”
David rose on his elbows looking up at the ensign. “I’m Gallagher.”
“Mr. Gallagher. I have orders to escort you to the Political Advisors office on A deck. Let’s go jarhead. On the bounce.”
“That’s frigging great.” David swung from his bunk and jumped down to the deck.
***
When Louis entered Chambers’ office, he expected the captain to dress him down. The captain said that he wanted to talk to him further about his question during the briefing. Louis prepared himself to answer for his actions. Captain Chambers asked him to consider signing up for the officers’ training course. Louis’s eyes widened and his bottom jaw dropped.
Later, back at the berthing deck, Louis climbed into his bunk. Alonzo looked over at him giving him a curious glance. “How did your little meeting with the captain go?”
Louis grinned, stretching out on his bunk. “He asked me to consider going career. He said that they are starting a new officers training class. He asked me to consider signing up. What do you think?” A marine in a bunk across from them passed gas.
“Did you shit yourself?” Alonzo said and everyone laughed. “I say go for it, bro. I marked yes in the box asking about a career in the Federal Defense Forces. The pay’s better, the living quarters are better and the duty is better when you’re an officer. When they come around asking, I’m gonna sign up,” Alonzo said after the laughter died down.
Louis let out a sigh. “Well, mate. If you plan to sign up for the classes, then I guess I will too. I might as well make a bloody good show out of this deal since they won’t turn the fleet around when my enlistment runs out.” They talked for a few hours wondering what the new officers' training course would be like. At eighteen hundred hours ship time, they headed down to the mess hall for their evening, chow. After supper, they went to the enlisted men’s club, tossed back a few beers, and went back to their bunks for the night. They wanted to make sure they had plenty of rest for their first official tour of duty on board the Port Royal.
Alonzo and Louis woke to reveille at six hundred hours the next morning, climbed from their bunks, and headed to the chow hall. After breakfast, they reported for duty at Fleet Marine HQ and spent the first hour of their day doing PT. After their morning PT, they descended to a lower deck and participated in a training exercise.
The training scenario lasted several hours. It involved making a simulated shuttle landing on an enemy vessel. Holographic projectors created a damaged enemy vessel complete with aggressive aliens. After the training exercise, they went to the mess hall for chow. After chow, they went to a classroom to receive a critique of the training event. The lieutenant in charge of the briefing berated them on their performance. He said that they would get better in the future. After the briefing, they received orders assigning them to duties throughout the ship. Alonzo and Louis received orders instructing them to mop up their crew berthing deck. After their first tour of duty on board the Port Royal was over, they headed to the gym, worked out for two hours, and headed to the mess hall for their evening meal. Finished with chow, they headed to the enlisted men’s lounge to play cards. The top sergeant stepped in, puffing on a cheap cigar, and carried a small handheld computer. A cloud of tobacco smoke hung in the air.
“Listen up Ladies. The brass wants to start a new officers’ training class. They have me taking names. Are any of you sons of bitches tired of working for a living? Do any of you want to become officers?”
Louis threw his cards on the table looking at the marine sitting across from him. “I fold mate,” Louis said and looked up at the sergeant. “What the bloody hell? Sign me up, Top.”
“Me too Top. I’d make a good officer,” Alonzo said. The top sergeant shook his head and laughed.
“Garcia, I don’t think you could follow your own, orders without screwing up. But you’re a hard charger and I like that. Before you know it, I’ll be saluting you.” The sergeant entered their names into his handheld computer. “Report to the training center at zero nine hundred hours. You’ll do two hours in the gym after morning chow before you report for classes. Even officers and officer cadets have to put in their gym time. This bucket’s captain doesn’t want any muscle atrophy on his watch.”
Alonzo and Louis’ lives aboard the ship fell into a routine. They rose at zero six hundred hours, ate breakfast, and spent two hours in the gym. After that, they attended officers training classes for the next eight hours. After evening chow, they served as officers with the temporary rank of, third-lieutenant. The rank of, third-lieutenant was mainly to find a place for them in the chain of command. The enlisted men and regular officers considered the rank as the lowest of the low. They put in four hours before falling into their racks at twenty-three hours ship time. During the journey to Mars, they served at various departments throughout the ship.
The captain held two training events while on their way to Mars. One consisted of a landing on a derelict vessel and another consisted of a landing on a large asteroid. Louis and Alonzo led patrols during each exercise wearing their copper third lieutenant bars. They kept so busy that the three-month journey to Mars seemed to fly by. One day Louis sat enjoying a few moments of free time when he looked up at a viewscreen in the enlisted men’s lounge.
“I’ll be, go to hell. Look, mate. We’re here,” Louis said to Alonzo. Alonzo looked at the massive red planet filling the viewscreen. The captain’s voice came over the PA system announcing that the fleet had entered orbit.
“Ladies and Gentlemen. Welcome to Mars,” the captain said.
***
David entered the Political Advisors office on A deck of the CEU-Pathfinder. A young blonde-headed female ensign, sat at an oak desk in the outer office when David stepped into the room. Breathing in a faint trace of her perfume, he stood at attention and offered up a salute.
She returned the salute along with a smile. “Can I help you?”
“Someone told me to report to the political advisor's office.”
She looked down at her computer screen. “Are you Private Gallagher?”
David nodded. “Yes, ma’am.”
She batted her long eyelashes. “Commander Blackwell is with another marine right now, but he’ll be with you in five minutes. Have a seat.” David sat down on a long plastic bench lining the bulkhead. The young naval officer went about her business. Three minutes later another marine exited the office door to his right. The female officer looked up. “Commander Blackwell will see you now.”
David jumped to his feet and entered the political advisor’s office. He looked down at a dark-haired, man who looked to be in his early thirties. The man wore a naval uniform and sat behind a wooden desk behind a computer console. David snapped to attention and fired off another salute. The commander returned the gesture. He stuck out his hand and they shook.
“Welcome aboard, Mr. Gallagher. I’m Commander Blackwell. Please have a seat.” David sat down in a chair facing the commander’s desk. Smoke rose into the air from a lit cigarette setting in an ashtray. David breathed in the foul odor. “Mr. Gallagher, I’ve been going over the personnel records of our marines in transit and I have a few questions.”
“Fire away.”
“I see in your records that you have some relation to a Shawn Gallagher. He’s the one that’s causing all the fuss on Europa.”
David let out a slow easy breath. “That’s right. He’s my brother.”
The commander nodded. “I see here that in a previous interview you said you do not share his insurrectionist beliefs. Is that still the case?”
David leaned forward. “Yes sir. As far as I’m concerned, my brother is dead to me. I am loyal to the CEU and the federal system. I don’t see why you people can’t see that.”
The commander leaned back in his chair and took his smoke from the ashtray. “It’s not that we don’t believe you. We’re doing our job. I can see where having a brother made famous like this could cause problems. Are there any problems that we need to be aware of?”
David shook his head. “Other than the occasional snide remark, no. Now and then, someone might say something like; there goes that traitor’s brother. It’s nothing I can’t handle.”
The commander took a puff on the cigarette and snuffed it out in the ashtray. “So far, you have a clean record. Your instructors in boot camp gave you high marks. Have you ever considered going career?”
David shook his head. “No. I plan on doing only one hitch.”
The commander looked down at his computer screen. “It says in your records that you applied for a robotics school placement. They turned you down due to a low GI rating.”
David nodded. “Yes.”
“Would you consider changing your mind about going career? Or agree to sign up for one more hitch? If you did the brass would consider granting you a waver on the GI rating. They do it for career military personnel all the time. We have a robotics school in New Chicago. It’s a wonderful campus near the Great Lakes. After completing the class, you would have to serve at least six more years. It would be as an officer or technician. That would depend on how long you study. You would be able to choose which branch you wanted to serve with. Each branch has a robotics division.”
“I’ll consider it.”
“Do that. So far, you’ve not given the political affairs office anything to worry about. Ignore those snide remarks. If they persist, contact me. Of course, we’ll continue to watch you, but we do that with all the troops. Keep up the good work. You’re dismissed.”
David stood to his feet, saluted and the commander returned the salute. He left heading back down to the crew berthing decks.
David and Paul’s lives aboard the ship fell into a routine. All though they had to take part in some training events, they had more free time than the Fleet Marines. In the evenings, David and Paul spent much of their time playing cards gambling with other marines. Paul excelled in mathematics. He had an uncanny ability to count the cards. David found that he had a natural ability with cards no matter what card game they played. They developed a system to send signals to each other from across the card table. Most of the time, they won more than they lost. Several of the other marines suspected that they were cheating but they couldn’t catch them.
One evening, David had won a large pot. He cleaned out a large muscular marine sitting across from him along with his short partner. When David stood up to rake in the debit chips, the large dark-headed marine shot to his feet.
“There’s nothing worse than a card cheat. Except for a traitor, but I guess that runs in the family,” the dark-headed marine said.
David dropped the chips on the table. He reached up, grabbed the marine by the lapel of his uniform, and slammed a hard right-hand fist into his face. Blood splattered into David’s shirt. The big marine flew backward hitting the bulkhead sliding to the floor. David overturned the table, scattering debit chips everywhere. He jumped on top of the big marine and grabbed him by the ears. Using both hands, he slammed his head against the deck several times.
Paul leaped to his feet and the big marine’s buddy charged him knocking him into the bulkhead. Paul brought his knee up slamming it into the man’s groin, the man stumbled back and Paul drove a left hook to the man’s jaw. Over the din of battle, David heard a shrill whistle. He felt a burning sensation pass through his body and his entire body twitched before he lost consciousness.
The brutish-looking security officer holstered his weapon, which had been set to stun. He looked at the four prone figures lying on the deck. “Call for backup. Let’s get these sons of bitches to the brig before they wake up,” the officer said to his partner. 
His partner looked around at the spots of blood covering the floor. “God I hate this job. These damned jarheads are nothing but trouble.” He holstered his weapon, activated his com-link, and called for backup.
David spent the next three days in the brig. One evening the dark-security officer that stunned him appeared at the door of his cell.
“On your feet Gallagher. The CO wants to see you. Turn around, back up to the cell door, and put your hands through the slot.” David did as instructed. The security officer applied wrist restraints to his wrist. He unlocked the cell door and escorted David to the turbo lifts. A tingling sensation shot up David’s arms. They rode the lifts up to the Marine Corps HQ and the security officer led David down a narrow corridor. They passed several brown doors lining the hallway and then stopped at a doorway on their right.
The security officer led him inside. A dark-headed man in his early thirties looked up from a mahogany desk occupying the center of the room. David paused taking in the room’s décor. He noticed the seascapes adorning the walls and the pictures of old sailing vessels.
“You can take off his restraints,” the man said in a gravelly-sounding voice. The security officer freed David’s hands and left the room crossing a sea of plush blue carpet. “Have a seat Mr. Gallagher.” David sat across in a chair facing the desk. “Mr. Gallagher, I’m Lieutenant Commander Cartwright. I am in command of the marines in transit. I’ve talked to the other men involved in this incident. We allow gambling, but we tend to frown on marines getting into brawls in our lounges and no one likes a card cheat. So were you cheating at cards?”
David squirmed in his seat. “Not in the sense that I did anything to the deck such as bottom deal or have aces up my sleeve. I’m a good player. My friend Paul is good at math. He counts the cards. He doesn’t know exactly what card will come next, but he’s right more than he’s wrong. We play the odds.”
The commander nodded. "I checked the statements from the other men. They said that the man who accused you of cheating said something derogatory to you. He accused you of being a traitor, like your brother?”
“That’s correct.”
“He said something about it running in the family?”
“That’s when I socked him.”
The Cartwright arched an eyebrow and chuckled. “I don’t blame you. I would have socked him too. You’ll get your pay docked for three days' pay and reduced in rank to buck private. This is the first black mark on an otherwise clean record.”
“I guess the political boys will want to see me again?”
The commander shook his head. “I don’t think so. If you’d blown him off and not smacked the son of a bitch when he called you a traitor, then they might be, concerned. You’re free to go. I’m releasing you to your unit.”
David rose to his feet. “Thank you, sir.”
“You’re welcome. And Mr. Gallagher, try not to get in any more trouble. Let the other fellows win once in a while. At least wait until we get to the red planet. After that, you won’t be my problem.”
***




Chapter 15

Light burst through the room. Captain Chambers lay asleep between two naked women. One was a busty redhead and the other was a petite blonde with long curly hair. The smell of alcohol and cheap perfume permeated the room. Chambers’ eyes shot open the women groaned and both of them pulled the covers over their heads. Chambers wormed his way from between them, shielding his eyes with his hands, and sat on the edge of the bed.
“Rise and shine lover boy. Liberty is over. We have to get back to the ship,” First Officer Bannister said. He sauntered up to Chambers’ bed and ogled the two naked women.
“I thought we talked about you barging in like this. Did you have to use the manual controls for the lights? I set the room’s computer to medium glow.” Chamber knuckled sleep from his eyes.
Banister laughed. “Medium glow is for candy asses. Get your ass out of bed.”
Chambers glanced up. “Can you at least get me some coffee first?”
“That I can do.” Bannister headed to the food and beverage dispenser. “Ladies, would you like some as well?”
The busty redhead threw off her covers and sat up. “I’d love some. Put a little Bourbon in it. I like a little kick in my coffee in the morning.”
Banister smiled, staring at her hard little nipples. “Jack, your standers are improving. At least you’re sleeping with human girls now. Those android hookers are so boring.”
The petite blonde sat up next to her friend. “There’s nothing like the real deal. You want to give it a try pops?”
A big grin crossed Banister’s face. “I’d love to, but we don’t have the time. Lover Boy and I need to get back to the ship.” Bannister handed out the coffee while Chambers dressed. The two women sat on the bed naked drinking their coffee. Bannister paced the room waiting for Chambers to finish dressing. Seeing that they weren’t going to make any more money, the women finished their coffee, dressed, and left the hotel room. Chambers sat down at a small table, setting near the bed, to enjoy his coffee. Bannister sat down across from him. “I have to hand it to you. Your taste in women is improving.”
“You’re just jealous.”
Banister shook his head. “No, it’s not that. My money is as good to chippies like that as yours. I enjoy seeing how deep into debauchery you can slip. Finish your coffee and let’s head to the shuttle port.”
“Yes, Mother.” Chambers downed the rest of his coffee and stood to his feet.
After arriving at Mars, Chambers logged onto the admiral’s conference call. The admiral praised everyone for a job well done. He issued orders allowing all personnel forty-eight hours of liberty. The shuttle pilots ferried troops to one of the planet’s shuttle ports. It was an armed militarized facility laying a few miles to the southeast of the New London colony. The second watch took control of the bridge at fifteen hundred hours. Chambers and Bannister took the captain’s shuttle to the surface of the planet.
They left the shuttle at the shuttle port and rode in a military convoy of tracked vehicles to the colony. Two miles outside of the colony, rebels from the Martian resistance attacked. They poured laser and small fire into the vehicles firing from concealed positions in the rocks above the trail leading to the colony. Laser flashes lit up the night. Marines poured out of troop carriers and repelled the attack. When they arrived at the colony, Chambers and Banister entered the John Glen Plaza. The plaza was a city unto itself. They headed to the nearest drinking establishment.
The John Glen Plaza, along with the rest of the buildings in the colony, thrived under a massive steel dome. Oxygen and gravity generators in the sub-regions of the building provided life support. Every type of business establishment known to mankind filled the streets of the plaza. Savvy businessmen stood ready to take credits away from the military personnel. The John Glen Plaza also catered to the local miners. Chambers spent his forty-eight-hour liberty getting drunk and chasing women. Bannister spent his forty-eight-hour liberty trying to keep Chambers out of trouble. The fun over, Chambers sat in the lounge area on the captain’s shuttle. He was waiting for it to lift off the surface of the red planet. Bannister sat down across from him and set a hot cup of coffee down on the table in front of the captain.
“You sure know how to spoil a good time. You could at least put some Irish cream in that coffee or better yet, bring me a Jack and Coke.”
Bannister smiled. “That’s all the troops need: to see their captain stumbling in drunk on his ass.” Chambers sighed and took a drink from the coffee cup. The shuttle left the surface of the red planet heading back to the ship.
Chambers stepped onto the bridge of the Port Royal. He took his seat in the captain’s chair next to Bannister and gazed out at the fleet orbiting Mars. “Things look a little empty out there. Where’d everybody go?”
“The main battle fleet broke orbit over an hour ago,” Banister said. “It’s all this baloney taking place on Europa. It’s got the council’s dander up.”
“Any word from the admiral on our departure time?”
The communications officer’s console beeped. “Captain I have a VID transmission coming in from the admiral now,” she said.
“Play it on the forward viewscreen.” The image of Admiral Ivanov filled the screen. Chambers smiled. “Good evening Admiral. What can I do for you?”
“Captain Chambers. Are you ready to leave this blasted red planet behind?”
Chambers nodded. “You’d better believe it. When will we be breaking orbit?”
“Our scheduled departure time is at eighteen hundred hours.”
“I see the main battle fleet has already left.”
“Ya. They are dealing with this foolishness on Europa. They should have the blockade of Jupiter in place by the time we arrive.”
“I hope we won’t get caught up in that mess.”
“That is my hope as well. You have three hours to get your vessel ready for departure. I will leave you to your duties.”
“Thank you, sir.” Admiral Ivanov’s image disappeared from the screen. Chambers glanced at his first officer. “Mr. Bannister. Would you care to join me in the officers’ pub for a beer?”
“That sounds like a grand idea.”
Chambers turned to the helmsmen. “Mr. Walker, you have the bridge.”
Chambers and Bannister rose to their feet. They left the bridge and ambled down the main corridor. Hustle and bustle filled the ship. Crewmen were returning from their forty-eight-hour liberty filling the corridor. Inside the officers’ pub, they climbed onto a barstool and a fat bartender waddled up. He smelled of alcohol and cigarettes.
“What can I get you, sir?”
“Two beers,” Chambers said and glanced at Bannister. “What do you think our chances of not getting involved in this BS on Europa are?”
Banister shrugged. “Who knows? This character, Shawn Gallagher seems like a hothead. In some ways, he reminds me of you.”
Chambers laughed. “His name sounds familiar. I may have served with him a few years ago in the PPF. I’ll have to do a check on the VID-net.” A young blonde-headed woman in a skintight blue dress stepped up next to the captain and shot him a smile. The captain motioned to the bartender and bought her a drink.
“Calm the raging hormones Lover Boy. We have to be back on the bridge in three hours. You don’t have time to mess with any of the comfort girls right now.”
Chambers laughed. “Three hours is plenty of time.”
“Check Federal Defense Force personnel records. If you find that you did know Gallagher, you might want to discuss it with the admiral. We could open up some dialog.”
“I hope we don’t even get involved with that BS.”
“Yeah, but you know about old Murphy and his law.” They finished their beer and Bannister bought the next round. Three hours later, they strolled onto the bridge and took their seats on the command platform.
The new deep space fleet broke orbit leaving the red planet behind. Chambers looked over at the second watch helmsmen. “Mr. McGuire, plot the course. Let’s go to Jupiter.”
***
Chambers woke up at zero five thirty ship time three weeks after leaving Mars. This particular night, he slept alone. He dressed, poured himself a cup of coffee, and sat down at the small table in his room. Finished with his coffee, he entered his conference room and logged onto the video net for the morning conference call. After hearing from the department heads, he logged onto the admiral’s call and reported the status of the Port Royal to the admiral. Finished with that bit of business, he headed to the officers’ mess. Bannister met him in the hallway.
“How’s our golden boy this morning?” Bannister asked.
Chambers shrugged. “I’m fine Mother. Care to join me for breakfast?”
“I don’t mind if I do.” Chambers and Bannister strolled down the main corridor and entered the officers’ mess. They took their place in the serving line. The smell of freshly cooked food caused Chambers’ stomach to rumble. They moved through the line piling food upon their trays. The captain sat down to a plate filled with scrambled eggs, a slice of ham, bacon, and hash browns with wheat toast. Bannister poured them each a cup of coffee and then sat down to enjoy his biscuits and gravy.
“Did you check the fleet records to see if you served with this Shawn Gallagher that has everyone so worked up?”
Chambers took a bite of scrambled eggs into his mouth with his fork. “It’s kind of slipped my mind. I’ve been busy.”
Bannister took a drink from his coffee cup. “I hear he has a younger brother serving in the Fleet Marines. From what I hear, they assigned him to peacekeeping duties on Mars.”
“That must be hard. Being the little brother of the CEU’s most famous traitor.”
Bannister nodded. “You know the political boys got to be all over him.”
“Shawn Gallagher does have a point. The council could be more lenient on personal freedoms.”
Banister’s eyes widened. “I’ll pretend I didn’t hear that.”
“What? Do you think Mr. Carson might call me on the carpet? I ignore the beady-eyed little son of a bitch.” He gave Banister an icy glare.
Banister let out a sigh. “Jack. You need to watch what you say. You never know who might be listening. They have brought Ship captains up on political charges before.”
“So what are they going do? Send me back to Earth?”
Banister shook his head. “No, but they could relieve you of command.”
Chambers shrugged. “Let them try.”
Finished with breakfast, they headed down to the gym for their morning workout. No one on board the ship was immune to the daily regimen of weight lifting. Chambers didn’t want anyone under his command to suffer from muscle atrophy. Bannister spotted Chambers on the bench press. When Chambers finished, they switched places. After the bench press, they worked on their arms doing bicep curls. From there they went to the leg machine. By the time, they finished their workout they exercised all the muscles in their body plus worked up a good sweat.
After their workout, they hit the showers. Chambers set the temperature setting to, medium-hot and vigorous massage. He enjoyed the rejuvenating effects of the hot water. Later, they sat on a bench in the locker room dressing. Chambers put on his uniform and was putting on his boots. He reached over to have a drink from a water bottle that was set on the bench next to him when the bottle floated away. He tapped the talk button on the lapel of his uniform.
“Captain Chambers to engineering. What happened to the gravity generator?”
“I don’t know Captain. It quit on us. My techs are troubleshooting it right now.”
Chambers brushed a drop of water from his forehead and watched it float away. “Good. Keep me posted.” Finished with his conversation with the chief engineer, Chambers made contact with the bridge. “Captain to the bridge.”
“Yes, Captain.”
“I’m sure you’re aware that the gravity generator is down. Make an announcement. I want all personnel in gravity boots. Chambers out.”
Bannister laughed. “Let the fun begin. How many people do you think will forget to put on their boots?”
“Yeah. It’s all fun and games being weightless and all, but when the generator comes back on, we’re sure to have a few casualties. Let’s get to the bridge.” Chambers finished putting on his boots.
They lumbered onto the bridge of the Port Royal in their gravity boots and took their seats on the command platform. Chambers set his bottle of water down on a console in front of him and the bottle started to float away. He reached out, grabbed it before it could get away, and strapped himself into the seat. Everyone on the bridge used safety belts to strap themselves to their chairs. Chambers flipped on the com-unit on his console. “Bridge to engineering.”
“Aye Captain,” the chief engineer said.
“How soon until we have the gravity back?”
“We’re working as fast as we can, Captain. We had a power surge and fried a few relays. We should have the gravity restored in two to three hours.”
“Okay. Keep me posted.” Chambers cut the transmission. He turned his attention to the forward viewscreen and stared out at the vastness of space. Three hours later, Chambers’ com-link beeped and he pressed the talk button on his console. “Chambers here.”
“Captain, we’ve fixed the gravity generator. We will bring it back online in ten minutes,” the chief engineer said.
“Good. You people do good work.” Chambers flipped on the ship’s PA system. “This is the captain. Engineering will restore gravity in ten minutes.” Nine minutes later, Chambers’ water bottle, which had floated up to the ceiling, fell. It bounced off the top of his head. He flipped on his com-unit once more. “Captain to sickbay. How many casualties do you have to report?”
“Two, sir. A falling weight lifting disk that had floated up to the ceiling in the gym hit one of our sailors. We had some marines leaping back and forth. One of them was in the air when the gravity returned. He fell to the deck and broke his leg,” the chief medical officer said.
“Who were they?”
“The sailor was Ensign Palmer. The weight-lifting disk broke his foot. The marine’s name is Louis Martin. The medical teams are bringing them in right now.”
“Let me know when you’re done treating them. I’d like to talk to both of them.” Chambers switched off the com-unit. After his tour of duty on the bridge, Chambers went to the sick bay to visit the injured crewmen. Finished with that, he joined Bannister in the officers’ mess for dinner. Later that evening, he checked the fleet records on the VID-net. He discovered that he was right; he had served aboard the same ship with Shawn Gallagher when he was in the PPF. They were both, part of the onboard Special Forces unit, but had served on different teams. He looked up everything he could find on the VID-net about Gallagher. God, I almost like this guy. If we’d served on the same team and had closer contact, we’d be friends.
During the three months that followed, the fleet admiral held three training events. One of which consisted of defending the ship from a mock invasion. As they approached Jupiter, the admiral divided the fleet into the red and blue navies. They played ship-to-ship war games. When they made their approach on Jupiter, Chambers sat on the bridge. He stared out the viewscreen. The battleships surrounded the planet like a pack of hungry wolves. Other smaller, but no less deadly ships, patrolled closer into the planet and its moons. They looked like a pack of hyenas facing off a pride of lions.
“It looks like we’ve caught up to the main battle fleet,” Chambers said.
“Captain, I have a small space cruiser heading outbound from Europa. They should pass within five hundred meters of our position. They seem to be in quite a hurry. Do you want me to move to intercept?” the helmsmen asked.
Chambers shook his head. “No. If the main battle fleet’s not worried about them, then we won’t bother either. They’re most likely some miners that decided they’ve had enough of this foolishness.”
“Captain, I have a text message from Admiral Ivanov. He says that Admiral Delacroix is in command of the main battle fleet. He has asked us to maintain our current position,” the communications officer said.
“Very well. Reduce speed to point zero one.” Chambers turned back to the communications officer. “Tell Mr. Ivanov that I’ll contact him on the VID-net in my conference room in five minutes,” he said and left the bridge.
***




Chapter 16

Shawn Gallagher and John Wilson stood on the shuttle docking bay on the surface of Europa. Their security team flanked them. Shawn felt a slight chill and adjusted the temperature settings on his EVA suit. They stared in awe at the ships descending to the surface and landing near the docking bay. Shawn laughed. “Have you ever seen such a ragtag bunch of rust buckets in your life?” His voice reverberated through the speakers in Wilson’s EVA suit.
Wilson smiled. “Yeah. In the federal junkyard orbiting Earth. Some of these ships look like they came from the PPF’s mothballed fleet.” Mechanics driving atmospherically contained tractors hooked up to the ships when they landed. The ship’s skeleton crews disembarked. The sound of engines and the smell of exhaust wafted across the icy planes of Europa. They hauled the ships to an outdoor turbo lift, used to take large equipment from the surface to the lower levels of the mining facility.
“Our maintenance personnel will have their hands full. Do you think they’ll have these things ready before the federal boys get here?”
John shrugged inside his EVA suit. “They’ll be ready. We’ll pull extra personnel from the mines and run three shifts working around the clock.”
Shawn noticed a sleek-looking light cruiser that looked a little less beat up than the rest. Some of the ships weren’t even able to operate under their, own power ridding piggyback, welded to the top of another vessel. Others were under, tow. He stepped up to one of the maintenance technicians that was attaching a towline to the vessel so he could tow it to the freight lift. “Excuse me, Sergeant.”
The man stopped what he was doing when he heard who was speaking to him. “Yes, Mr. President.”
“I’d like this vessel assigned to the Special Forces Division. I want it given a number one priority. I want the best armor, weapons, and shielding that we’ve got.”
“Yes sir. Mr. President. I’ll get right on it.” The last of the fleet touched down. Three large cargo vessels landed and unloaded men and equipment. The last ship to touch the surface was Ludwig’s luxury yacht. The pilot powered down the vessel and extended the boarding ramp.
“Let’s go greet our guests,” Shawn said. He ambled across the shuttle port in his cumbersome EVA suit. John and their security detail follow along behind. Ludwig and his entourage lumbered down the exit ramp stepping upon the surface.
“Welcome to Europa Mr. Wolf. I hope you had a pleasant flight,” Shawn said.
“It was good. I enjoy space flight.”
“I’ve secured quarters for you and your people. I hope you find them satisfactory. They used to belong to consolidated plant manager.”
“I am sure they are fine. I brought instructors and mechanics to help fix the ships. I also brought instructors to train the new pilots and flight crews for your space corps.”
“I hope we can have the ships ready on time.”
“They will be. After we have settled, come to my quarters for drinks. Bring your Scotch whiskey and I will open a case of my best German beer.”
“I’ll be looking forward to it.”
John commandeered the nearest sergeant. He asked him to secure a work detail to help Mr. Wolf’s people carry their baggage and unload their cargo ships. They led Ludwig and his entourage into the mining facility and showed them to their quarters.
Shawn gazed about the room at his cabinet members. His secretary retrieved a pitcher of coffee from the food and beverage dispenser. She poured everyone seated a cup and left the room. God everyone looks so tired. Shawn heaved a sigh. “Let’s get this meeting started. Jerry, we’ll start with you. What is your latest intel on the federal Boys?”
Holliday shrugged. “The Federal Defense Force’s main battle fleet has left Mars heading this way. We have roughly three months, or three and a half until they arrive.”
Shawn nodded. “What do you think they will do when they get here?”
Holliday pulled a cigar from his coat pocket. “Set up a blockade and demand our surrender.”
Shawn leaned back in his chair. “What do you think their response will be when we refuse?”
Holliday paused and lit his cigar. “At first they might try to starve us out. When that doesn’t work, they’ll invade and try to bring a resolution by force.”
“What about this new deep space fleet they’re so proud of that we saw on the VID-Net?”
Tobacco smoke drifted across the room and Shawn breathed in its rich aroma. “They are a few days behind the main battle fleet. They would like to use Jupiter’s gravity to slingshot to the edge of the solar system, but who knows? Mr. Bonelli might order them to take their places in the blockade until this thing is over.”
Shawn looked at his good friend and secretary of defense. “What about the troops, John? Will they be ready?”
John sat up straighter in his chair. “Damn right. With the help of Mr. Wolf’s trainers and the new equipment, they should do fine. I have accelerated the training schedule. We’re working on the perimeter defenses around the clock. The feds might have a numeral advantage, but we can make them pay for every inch of ice that they take.”
Shawn nodded, took a drink from his coffee cup, and turned to Admiral Kesler. “What about our new ships? Will they be ready?”
“My mechanics are working around the clock. The ships will be space worthy and in operation when the federals get here.”
“Do you think you can defeat the federal’s main battle fleet?”
Kesler shook his head. “No, but we can hurt them. I will send a small force to Saturn in case the federal send some ships there and keep half my ships in reserve hiding in the asteroid belt. Using feints, lightning-quick attacks, and hit-and-run tactics, we will make the federal admiral wish that he’d never come to Jupiter.”
Shawn looked back at Holliday. “What about our awe-shit plan?”
Holliday laughed. “It’s in the works. We’ve rigged the explosives. The mechanics are putting the finishing touches on the vessels.”
“Good. And that other matter?”
“He’s arrived on Mars and serving as a peacekeeper.”
“How soon until we can launch the snatch and grab?”
“I have Special Forces team training for the mission now. The mechanics are working on the ship. They should be ready to launch in two months. It might be a bit longer. Then three months flight time and then three months to get back. He should be here in a little over six months.”
“Good. I hope they can launch before the feds get here.” Shawn stood to his feet and crossed the room to the food and beverage dispenser. He retrieved a bottle of Scotch whiskey. Rummaging around in a cabinet, he found several shot glasses and poured them each a shot enjoying the smell of the potent brew. “Gentlemen, I know you are all very busy so I won’t keep you any longer, but before we go, let’s have a drink. To the New Republic.” Shawn raised his glass; they downed the shot and filed out of the room.
***
Shawn stood in the hallway in front of Ludwig’s quarters. The quarters had once been the apartment of the former CEO of Consolidated mining. His security detail flanked him. Down the hallway, he heard someone laugh. Shawn rang the door chime, a few seconds passed and the door slid open. Ludwig stood in the doorway wearing a furry brown robe and a grin crossed his bearded face.
“Welcome, Mr. President. I have the beer chilling on ice. I trust you brought the whiskey?”
Shawn held up a brown paper bag. “We killed the last bottle of Scotch earlier. I’ll have to order some more from, supply, but I bought the best Crown Royal that money can buy.”
“Good. Come join me. The lounge has a viewscreen that looks out over the surface of this icy paradise.”
“I’ve never heard it called that.” Shawn entered the luxury apartment. Ludwig led Shawn through his living room to a spacious lounge and took out two shot glasses. Shawn marveled at the extravagance. The security team gathered in the living room. Shawn poured them each a shot of Canadian Whiskey, handed Ludwig his shot, and raised his glass. “To a prosperous future and whatever it might hold.” They touched glasses, downed the shot and Shawn refilled the glasses. He enjoyed the smooth flavor of the Canadian whiskey.
“I’ve decided to move my headquarters here temporarily. I will still keep some people in the asteroid belt, but I want to be close to the action. Do you think that you might have some facilities for me?”
Shawn nodded. “Absolutely. You would be a big asset. I’ll pass the word to my maintenance people. They’ll find you a place to set up shop.”
Ludwig smiled. “I have something that will help with your little fight with the federals.”
“What might that be?” Shawn sipped his tumbler of whiskey.
“I have a small quantity on anti-matter.”
Shawn’s bottom jaw dropped and his eyes widened. “What are your intentions for that?”
Ludwig downed his whiskey. Shawn refilled their shot glasses. Ludwig handed Shawn a bottle of German beer. “My armories are fitting a small capsule into the warheads of several torpedoes. They would tear through the hulls of the federal ships like, how do you people from the North American Union say? Like a hot knife through butter.” They tossed back the whiskey and then popped the tops on the beer.
“You Germans sure do know how to make a good beer.” Ludwig nodded. “I’ll have my chief of intelligence and my secretary of defense get with your people. I don’t know how to thank you for everything you’ve done.”
Ludwig gazed out at the surface of Europa as if lost in thought. “Thanks are not necessary. I’ve cast my lot with your New Republic for my, own selfish reasons. All though I believe the federals will stomp you and your New Republic into the ground like so many bugs.”
“Then why lend your support?”
Ludwig rose to his feet and began to pace back and forth. “If you succeed I stand to make a sizable amount of money legally. The relationship will be beneficial for us both.”
Shawn nodded. “If we pull this off, we’ll need men like you to help haul supplies and secure needed equipment. I want to bring the families of all the men here to Europa. This little moon will thrive, as will the moons orbiting Saturn. Business opportunities will abound.” They sat talking and drinking for the next few hours. Finally, Shawn’s security detail helped him back to his quarters and put him to bed.
***
The forces of the New Republic kept busy for the next three months. The mechanics worked round the clock getting the ships of their new fleet ready for space. Other, former miners worked night and day building fighting positions. They used bulldozers to build up icy bulwarks surrounding the main complex. Insides the dug-in fighting positions they had firing ports pointed out at the approaches to the complex. Machine guns and laser cannons were mounted on the roofs of the buildings above ground.
On top of the HQ building, they held a ceremony to christen the new fleet. Their new fleet held a stationary orbit over Europa. Shawn looked up through the hardened glass dome at the ships orbiting above them. With the stars as a backdrop, Shawn stepped up to the microphone. He looked at the military personnel and miners who toiled in the mines below. “Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for coming. This is a glorious occasion. Today we will christen our new fleet. I for one felt worried that we wouldn't get this job done before the federal boys arrived to ruin our party. I should have known better. Everyone worked hard to get this job done. I’d like to thank everyone involved.” Applause filled the roof of the building. “I would also like to thank Admiral Gustav Kesler for his tireless work. I will turn the microphone over to him now to read the names of the ships aloud as they fly over in, formation.”
Admiral Kesler stepped up onto the podium. The ships above them broke out of their stationary orbit and began a circular orbit of Europa. Kesler finished calling out the names of the ships in their armada. Shawn stepped back up to the microphone. “This new fleet will now begin its mission of protecting our New Republic. Some will head to Saturn. We will hold some in reserve in the asteroid belt. The bulk will orbit Jupiter waiting to face the federal main battle fleet when they get here. All these ships, along with their crewmen will risk their lives in protection of our freedom. We will hold a reception down in the main dining hall everyone is welcome,” Shawn said after finishing his speech.
That night after the launch of their new fleet, Shawn stood on the shuttle landing pad. He wore his EVA suit and watched a Special Forces team board a sleek light cruiser. Emblazed in gold across its nose were the words: Freebird Two. The small ship bristled with armor and armaments. They had painted its hull flat black with no external markings. When the pilot and co-pilot approached the boarding ramp, Shawn stepped up to the pilot. He took his arm gripped it using the gloves of his EVA suit. “Mr. O’Brian. You know why I chose you for this mission, don’t you?”
O'Brien nodded. “I think so, Mr. President.”
“You’re the pilot of my, personal space cruiser. You are the best-damned pilot we have. I wouldn’t trust this mission to anyone else. Those men boarding your ship are the best Special Forces team we have. Tell them for me to bring my brother home. Tell them, that no matter how this turns out, it is an honor to be their president. Bring him to me.”
“Sir, we’ll get the job done, or we’ll die trying.”
Shawn shook his head. “No. I don’t want anyone to die. I want you to bring my brother back here from Mars alive. I want everyone else to come back alive. Make it happen.”
“I’ll get her done sir.” Shawn released his grip on O’Brian’s arm. He stepped back and gave him an awkward salute. O'Brien returned the gesture and boarded the vessel. Shawn watched the light cruiser lift off the surface. The shuttle entered an orbit around Jupiter and headed for Mars. Later that evening, Shawn set at a table on the rooftop of the main mining complex. His chief of security stood back in the shadows letting him enjoy some privacy. Shawn brought a tumbler of Crown Royal to his mouth and glanced up at the supper-hardened glass dome. He watched the lights of the ships in their new fleet orbiting overhead.
Shawn’s thoughts drifted to the Special Forces team heading toward Mars. God, I hope they make it through. His mind turned to his brother David. He hoped that when he had him here with him, he could undo the brainwashing that the federals had put in place. He envisioned David making a home here with him on Europa. He could have a bright future here. Several tiny, specks of light moved in the sky. The ships in their new fleet moved into formation and head outward away from Jupiter. The com-unit on the lapel of Shawn’s shirt beeped and he slapped his shoulder. “Gallagher here.”
“Mr. President. This is Linda Van Horn. The federals have arrived. A large fleet appeared, coming out of the asteroid belt.” Shawn felt a cold ball of ice drop into the center of his stomach.
“Okay. Put the troops garrisoned at the station on alert. I’ll be in my council chambers in two minutes.” Shawn ended the transmission, stood to his feet, and downed the rest of the whiskey in his tumbler. His chief of security stepped from the shadows. “I guess I’d better call an emergency cabinet meeting and put the forces on alert.”
“Yes sir.”
Shawn turned to go but stopped and glanced once more through the glass dome at the stars overhead. God, I hope O’Brian and his team made it through. He turned toward the turbo lift and headed down to his council chambers below.
***




Chapter 17

David Gallagher and Paul Rosenbaum followed a crowd of marines to the shuttle port. The port serviced the New London Colony on Mars. The EVA suit he wore made David’s movements cumbersome. He stopped for a moment and looked across the barren Martian landscape. Off in the distance, to the Northwest, David saw the lights of the colony. It looks like an oasis in a sea of darkness. He slung his rifle over his shoulder and took his place in line waiting to enter the shuttle port. David listened to the excited conversation buzz across the com-net.
David and Paul entered an airlock along with twelve other marines. The interior of the shuttle port was atmospherically contained. Even so, the transit marines kept their EVA suits on. A loud plangent voice boomed over the shuttle port’s PA system. “All transit military personnel assemble at the airlocks on the north bulkhead! We have half-tracks waiting to ferry you to the colony!”
“Let’s go,” David said, elbowing his way through the crowd and Paul followed. They stepped into line at the nearest airlock. When they reached the head of the line, they entered the airlock with twenty other marines. David wiped the sweat from his brow. The outer door of the airlock opened. They stepped out onto a cement walkway underneath a covered awning. Several troop carriers and main battle tanks set parked at the curb.
The marines converged on the vehicles. David and Paul found seats in the second troop carrier in the long convoy. A couple of main, battle tanks occupied the point position. Another set in the middle and two more took the tail end Charlie position at the rear. Once inside the vehicle, they took off the helmet of their EVA suits and listened to the excited conversation buzz through the vehicle.
David grinned. “Well, buddy. Are you ready to party? We’ve got forty-eight hours to kill before we report for duty.”
Paul nodded. “You better believe it. Where is this base supposed to be anyway?”
David shrugged. “I heard some guy say it was a few clicks west of the colony, but who gives a shit? We’ll worry about that when the time comes. Right now all I’m thinking about is getting drunk and chasing pussy.”
Paul laughed. “I imagine you’ll get us into another card game. I see fresh meat everywhere.”
“If our funds run low, I will.” The convoy pulled away from the shuttle port heading across the rough, rocky Martian landscape. David looked out the porthole to his left listening to the rumble of the troop carrier’s engine. “It’s as dark as the Devil’s asshole out there.”
Paul nodded. “Yeah. Have you ever been to Mars?”
David shook his head. “Nope.”
“My parents took me here when I was little. My Dad had some business with one of the mining executives. There are several colonies scattered about the planet, but they’re few and far between. You have to cross vast distances if you want to travel between the colonies. It’s pretty rough by land vehicles.”
“I hear they have some type of Magna lift or monorail train.”
“Yeah. People either ride the train or take a shuttle.”
“I don’t see why people would want to live here. These miners are a weird bunch.”
“They’re rough and independent.”
The convoy traversed a vast rocky plane. It passed through a rough hilly area and entered a narrow rocky gorge. Laser bolts hit the troop carrier they were riding in. David looked out his window. A rocket streaked across the night hitting the track of the vehicle in front of theirs.
“Time to earn your keep! Put your helmets on and check your air supply! We’re caught in an ambush!” the driver yelled. His voice boomed through the vehicle’s PA system. David and Paul jumped to their feet, put on their helmets, and did a quick oxygen check. David’s heart hammered inside his chest and his breathing became erratic. All the military personnel inside the troop carrier stood locked and loaded. The back ramp of the troop carrier opened up. The marines charged forward storming down the exit ramp and into the night.
***
Alonzo Garcia and Louis Martin shuffled up the boarding ramp onto one of the Port Royal’s shuttles. They found seats near the rear of the shuttle’s passenger compartment, sat down, and took off their helmets. Conversation wafted through the shuttle. “It’s gonna feel good to set foot on solid ground for a change bro,” Alonzo said.
Louis nodded. “Right, mate. It will also feel good to have some bloody free time and see some new faces. The birds on this tub are getting old.”
Alonzo grinned. “Yeah they have kept us busy, what with eight hours in class, plus standing watch for four hours. We have to make the best out of this forty-eight-hour liberty as possible, bro.”
“Right, mate. Lead me to the first pub you find. I plan on enjoying my holiday to the fullest.” The shuttle moved forward to one of the launch bays. The voice of the shuttle pilot boomed through the shuttle’s PA system.
“Ladies and gentlemen, ETA to launch is two minutes! Strap it on!” Alonzo put on his seat belt and Louis did the same.
Alonzo felt adrenaline shoot through his body. “I’ll never get tired of this part, bro.”
“Me neither, mate. It’s like getting shot out of a bloody cannon.” The shuttle moved forward, stopped for a few seconds, and shot down the launch tube. The gee forces slammed them back in their chairs, the launch bay doors opened and the shuttle shot out to space.
Alonzo let out a wild whoop. “Now that’s what I’m talking about bro.” The shuttle completed one revolution around the red planet and descended toward the surface.
Louis grinned. “The launch was a bloody rush but the flight was a little anti-climactic.”
“I don’t know. Didn’t you feel like a meteorite when we descended through the atmosphere?”
“Yeah mate, but it was over too fast.” The shuttle touched down on the landing pad at the Martian shuttle port. They stood up, put on their helmets, and followed the crowd through the airlock. David headed down the exit ramp, and onto the surface of Mars. Louis strolled along next to him. Crossing the tarmac to the shuttle port, they went through one of the airlocks on the north side of the building. David and Paul boarded a troop carrier in the center of a convoy setting next to the curb. Captain Chambers boarded the last troop carrier in the convoy.
Alonzo and Louis took off their helmets and sat on a bench waiting for the convoy to leave the shuttle port. A few minutes later, the convoy pulled away from the curb. It left the shuttle port behind and Alonzo gazed out of the porthole setting in the bulkhead beside him. Darkness covered the landscape. The convoy passed through the perimeter and headed into the night.
“I guess that’s the colony,” Alonzo said noticing lights in the distance.
Louis nodded. “Right, mate. I don’t know why they call it New London. It looks lonely, off there by itself.” They were approaching the outskirts of the colony when their vehicle came to an abrupt stop. Alonzo glanced out the porthole next to him and saw laser flashes light up the night.
“We’re under attack!” Alonzo yelled. The military personnel in the troop carrier jumped to their feet. They gathered around the porthole. Alonzo’s heart hammered inside his chest.
“Mate, that battle tank riding tail end Charlie broke away and started firing its main gun up into the hills!” Louis yelled.
“A few squads jumped out of a troop carrier near the front! They’re in a firefight!”
“Please remain in your seats, but secure your EVA suits! Lock and load! Stand by for deployment if so ordered!” the troop carrier’s driver yelled over the vehicle’s PA system. Alonzo’s breathing accelerated. They put on their helmets, charged their weapons, and sat down waiting for further orders. “Ladies and Gentlemen the attack has broken off. Maintain alert status until we reach the colony,” the driver said. The troop carrier lurched forward; Alonzo let out a sigh and tried to relax.
“Our first chance for some action and we miss it,” Louis said.
Alonzo nodded. “Yeah, sometimes I wish we’d drawn peacekeeper duties here on Mars, bro.” The convoy reached the colony twenty minutes later. They checked in at the visitor’s center and caught a taxi to the Utopian Mall. The Utopian Mall was a massive domed structure housing, an urban metropolis. Alonzo gazed out the side window of the taxi at the buildings lining both sides of the street. He took in the domed-shaped buildings along with several boxy-looking structures. Masses of humanity filled the sidewalks and gathered at the intersections to cross the busy streets. They all looked the same in their EVA suits. The taxi passed through an airlock. It entered the Utopian mall and the holographic driver pulled up next to the curb.
“Gentlemen. Welcome to the New London colony. If you would like, you may check your gear in at the visitor’s lounge. There you will find information on all the business establishments inside the mall. I hope you enjoy your stay at the Utopian,” the driver said, using a strong British accent.
After they stowed their gear, Alonzo stood on the sidewalk listening to the hover cars buzz by. “Where to first, bro?” 
“I don’t know about you, mate but point me to the nearest pub.” Louis stepped over to hail another taxi.
***
David and Paul sauntered into the Final Frontier. It was one of the popular drinking establishments inside the Utopian Mall. David stood for a moment, breathing in the smell of tobacco smoke and cheap alcohol. He took in the bar’s essence. They found a table near the center of the crowded barroom and sat down with two other marines from the Pathfinder. David headed to the bathroom to empty his bladder. After taking care of business, he staggered out the bathroom door and ran into another marine.
“Stand easy bro. You’ve had a few too many,” the marine said.
David looked up, his eyes widened and a big grin spread across his face. “Alonzo?”
“David. I didn’t recognize you in this dark hallway. How are you doing bro?”
“I’m doing fine now that you’re here. I’ve got a table. Paul’s here too.”
“Louis is over by the bar; I’ll go get him and we’ll join you.” They met at the table a few minutes later.
“Well, there’s my big-nosed friend. How’ve you been mate?” Louis said when he stepped up to the table.
Paul’s eyes widened. “I was doing fine until you showed up. You had to start with the nose business.” David and Alonzo laughed, Paul stood up and they did some hugging. David introduced the other marines and they sat down.
“When did you guys get here?” David asked.
Alonzo shrugged. “We just arrived. Our convoy got attacked on the way in.”
“We must have been in the same convoy. Ours got hit too.”
“We were near the middle. We stopped but didn’t engage.”
“They hit the vehicle in front of us. We stormed out of the troop carrier and jumped into a firefight. It didn’t last long.”
“You lucky buggers. You got to see some action right off,” Louis said.
“We didn’t feel so lucky at the time. It’s kind of hard to keep it together with laser bolts flashing right by your head,” Paul said.
“You’re lucky it didn’t take off your nose,” Louis said and laughed.
“It was safely tucked into the helmet of my EVA suit. Thanks for your concern.”
“What’s with the little bars on your lapels?” David asked.
Alonzo grinned. “We’re third lieutenants. The rank is temporary. It’s a way to put the cadets in the chain of command. The brass enrolled Louis and me in an officers’ training school aboard the Port Royal. You may have to salute us someday, bro.”
David bent over pretending to gag, but he bought the next round. A half-hour later Captain Chambers and First Officer Bannister stepped into the bar. Chambers noticed Alonzo sitting across the bar room. He motioned to one of the android waitresses and had her deliver a round of drinks to their table. They brought their bottles up in salute.
“Your captain seems okay for an officer,” David said.
Alonzo nodded. “He is bro. He cares about everyone on board his ship. You can tell by the way he acts.”
“If it weren’t for him, I wouldn’t be in this bloody officers’ training class,” Louis said. They spent another two hours at the bar and headed for the door. The other marines who had been drinking at the table with them went their own way. David, Alonzo, along with Louis, and Paul piled into a taxi and headed for the nearest whorehouse.
***
Alonzo and Louis strutted down the exit ramp and onto the launch bay of Port Royal. Hustle and bustle filled the ship with shuttle pilots ferrying troops back to the Port Royal. They hit the rack for a few hours of rest before going on duty. While they were sleeping, the Port Royal, along with the rest of the fleet, broke orbit leaving Mars behind, and headed toward the asteroid belt. Louis and Alonzo fell back into their routine attending officers’ training classes for eight hours and serving as officers for four hours before turning in for a few hours of sleep.
Three weeks after leaving Mars, Alonzo and Louis were heading down the main corridor to class. The gravity generator went out. The cadets strapped themselves into their chairs to keep from floating up to the ceiling. Three hours later the cadets gathered in the corridor. They began to clown around leaping into the air and floating up to the ceiling. An announcement came over the ship’s PA system announcing that the restoration of gravity would be in ten minutes.
“Watch this, Mate,” Louis said, trying to make one last jump. He leaped up touching his hands to the ceiling when the gravity returned. Louis let out a startled cry, fell to the floor and Alonzo ran to his crumpled form.
“Bro, are you all right?”
“My leg, mate. I broke my leg.” Louis’s face looked ashen.
Alonzo tapped the com-link on the lapel of his uniform. “Third Lieutenant Alonzo Garcia to Fleet Marine’s HQ. Send a medical team down from sickbay to the training center. My buddy broke his leg.”
“Roger that Mr. Garcia. A medical team is on the way,” the receptionist at Fleet Marine HQ said.
Two hours later, Alonzo sat at Louis’ bedside in the sick bay. Louis had a bright blue bio cast on his left leg. All though he was somewhat groggy from medication, Louis was his jovial self.
“The things some people will do to get out of work. I’m on to you bro,” Alonzo said and they both laughed.
“I had to do something, mate. These long hours are killing me.”
Alonzo was about to speak but then he saw Captain Chambers come into the room. He shot to his feet, snapped off a salute, and Louis, though unable to stand, fired off a salute as well.
“At ease men. I thought I’d see how our patients are doing.” Chambers stepped up to Louis’s bed.
Uh, I’m fine sir. The doctor is releasing me in the morning,” Louis said.
“You know we expect better from our officers.” Chambers laid a friendly hand on Louis’s shoulder.
Louis’s face fell. “I know sir. I’m sorry. It was a dumb stunt. It won’t happen again.”
“Don’t be sorry. Learn from it. We’ve all done a few bonehead things that we’re not proud of. I’m sure Commander Dawson will want to talk to you when you get out of sickbay.”
“I’m sure he will.” Louis sighed. “I’ll probably get a letter in my file.”
Chambers smiled. “I wouldn’t worry about that too much. Those letters don’t mean much. You should see my file.”
“You mean you’ve done some bonehead things in your time, sir?”
“You should talk to First Officer Bannister. He’d give you an ear full. He thinks it’s his job, to babysit me.” They both laughed. “I have other patients to see, so get well. We need you back in class.” Captain Chambers paused before leaving and looked at Alonzo. “And how are you doing Mr. Garcia?”
Alonzo smiled. “I’m fine sir.”
“Good. Keep up the good work.” Chambers headed down the aisle to visit other patients in the sick bay. Louis showed up for class the next morning using a pair of crutches and he had to wear the bio cast for three weeks. Louis and Alonzo kept busy for the next three months while the ship traversed the asteroid belt en route to Jupiter.
They sat in the officers’ pub having a beer with their eyes glued to a viewscreen behind the bar. The image of Jupiter looming in the background filled the screen. Hundreds of battlecruisers surrounded the planet. Other ships orbited the planet and its moons. They faced outward in a direct challenge to the main battle fleet. The Port Royal, along with the rest of the deep space fleet stayed in a holding pattern further out.
“I hope we don’t get caught up in this shit, bro,” Alonzo said.
Louis shook his head. “Yeah, mate. Those crazy bastards on Europa are gonna play bloody hell. Before it’s over, the Navy brass is gonna go balls out.”
***
David Gallagher and Paul Rosenbaum stood outside the Utopian Mall. Their forty-eight-hour liberty over, they headed for their permanent duty station on Mars. David gazed about the street, watching people in EVA suits move back and forth on the sidewalks. Tracked vehicles moved up and down the streets making David wonder about the people. Some were military personnel. Others were miners and some were civilians working in the colony.
“What do you think we’ll be doing once we report for duty?” Paul asked.
David sighed. “Keeping the peace.”
“Yeah but how and where?”
David shrugged. “I guess we’ll find out when we report for duty.” A troop carrier pulled up to the curb. The outer airlock door opened. They stepped inside and found seats near the rear of the vehicle.
“You can remove your EVA suits. We won’t be stopping anywhere until we reach the base,” a young NCO moving down the aisle said. David and Paul took off their EVA suits and set them by their feet while the troop carrier filled up with marines. David felt the vehicle lurch when the driver pulled out onto the main thoroughfare. He sat back to enjoy the ride and glanced out the window taking in the sights. Several boxy-shaped buildings were set on both sides of the road. Other domed-shaped structures set further back from the main street. A burned-out structure was set at the end of the block with a red fist painted on the scorched brick wall.
“That’s the work of the People’s Fist. They’re part of the local resistance,” a marine sitting across from them said.
“Those bastards are up here too? Will we be fighting them?” David asked.
The marine shook his head. “No. Not unless you happen to be in town and get caught in one of their ambushes. They sneak into town, fire off a few rockets, and disappear like a ghost.”
“What will we be doing?” Paul asked.
“You’ll work security in the Utopian Mall, the John Glen Plaza, or the Red Plaza. You might draw mobile duty cruising the colony in a land cruiser. Sometimes the miners cause trouble. Then we have to go out there and take care of things. That duty sucks. I hate hard rock miners.” The troop carrier left the colony heading west. David noticed lights coming from several buildings setting off to the south.
“What’s over there?” David asked, motioning to his porthole.
“That’s Consolidated Mining site A," he said. "Ever since this business started on Europa, the miners have been causing trouble.”
“What kind of trouble?” Paul asked.
“They call wild cat strikes. Throw up picket lines and when we show up they pelt us with rocks.” The troop carrier traveled across the rough barren landscape for another forty-five minutes. David looked out a porthole. There were more lights to the south of their position. A massive domed structure ringed with razor wire and earthworks set nestled between two massive rock formations.
“That’s Camp Rizzo. That’s where we’re headed,” the marine sitting across from them said. The troop carrier pulled off the main trail heading south through the hills toward the base. A bombed-out structure set off to their left.
“What happened there?” David asked.
“The resistance got lucky. They hit an ammo dump with a rocket. That’s the first time they’ve ever tried hitting anything that, close to the base.” The troop carrier turned off the main trail heading south and the driver stopped at the main gate. He crossed an open area to the airlock. A set of steel doors on the outside of the domed structure opened. The troop carrier pulled into the airlock. They heard a hiss of air, the inner doors opened and they pulled into the base.
David gazed out his porthole in wonder. They traveled down a tree-lined paved road. Grass covered the ground beyond the road. Illuminated rectangular-shaped structures lay to the south of their position. A three-tiered barracks set to the west of a massive office complex. From a distance, it looked like a massive city housed underneath the dome.
“Welcome to Camp Rizzo. Report to HQ to log into the base and receive your duty assignments,” the driver said. David and Paul stepped out onto the sidewalk and followed the crowd into the office complex. They fell into line at a reception desk. David reached the head of the line. A pretty blonde-headed female receptionist looked up and smiled.
“Run your wrist across my scan pad, marine.” David complied. “Welcome to Camp Rizzo, Mr. Gallagher. You're on the third watch, colony security detail. You report for duty at twenty there hundred hours.”
Breathing in the smell of her perfume, David said, “Report where ma’am?”
The blonde-headed officer turned her head and pointed down the hallway to her left. “Security HQ is down the hall. At twenty-three hundred hours, you’ll attend a briefing and head into the colony. Until then, find a bunk in the barracks to the west of HQ, stow your gear and get some sleep. You’ll need it.”
“Thank you, ma’am.” David stepped out of line and waited for Paul to get his orders. “What duty did you draw?” David asked.
“Third watch mall security. The same as you. What is it eighteen hundred hours?”
“Yeah. That gives us five hours to get some sleep.”
“Then let's stow our gear and hit the rack.”
They woke up four and a half hours later, took a quick shower, put on their uniforms, and headed to HQ. Louis and David joined a group of marines in the briefing room. A stocky red-headed officer sat behind a desk smoking a cigar. David breathed in the rich aroma. A group of marines lined up at a beverage dispenser and poured themselves cups of coffee. They each took a doughnut from a box sitting on a nearby table and found their seats.
“Let’s get started. For you new guys, I am Lieutenant James Cook. I’d like to go over a few things before you go on duty. As usual, we’re having trouble with the miners. We’re getting a lot of drunk and disorderly arrests at the local bars plus a few fights and brawls. I want to caution the new guys about not going anywhere in the New London colony alone. When we move, we move in pairs or, in force. If you’ll listen up, I’ll read off the duty assignments.” The young NCO that rode on the troop carrier with David and Paul stepped up to them.
“I’m Corporal Robertson, but you can call me, Mike. You boys will ride with me. Do what I tell you, and everything will be fine. Get your EVA suits and get back here pronto. After that, we’ll sign you your gear and head for the motor pool.” Forty-five minutes later, they sat in a land rover on their way back to the colony. Corporal Robertson sat behind the wheel. David sat on the passenger said and Paul rode in the back. When they reached the colony, Robertson pulled into an airlock. He entered the Utopian Mall and drove down the main boulevard.
“The mall is a city unto itself. Every kind of seedy business you could imagine is on these streets. The further you get from the main drag, the worse they get. Anything that an off-duty miner or military person could want is underneath this dome. The people who work in the mall also live under the dome in the housing section. We get called there sometimes for domestic disturbances.” Robertson pulled into a parking lot to their left. “This is our substation. We need to check in before we go on patrol. The substation also contains a cafeteria and our break room.” They checked in and attended another job briefing and then hit the streets.
They cruised the streets for the first two hours. The night seemed quiet. The radio in the land cruiser beeped. Roberts flipped on the com-unit. The voice of the dispatcher reverberated through the car’s speaker. “All units. All units. Converge on the Bucket of Blood. We have disturbance in progress.”
“On our way, dispatch,” Robertson said and glanced over at David. “The Bucket of Blood is one of the favorite hangouts for the hard rock miners. They call us out there at least once or twice a night. Every night, someone stabs or shoots someone else. It’s time for you boys to earn your keep.”
Robertson flipped on the overhead light bar and turned on the siren. A few minutes later, they pulled up in front of a dingy-looking bar. Rough-hewn logs covered the exterior walls. Glass bottles littered the street and a rough-looking wooden boardwalk fronted the building. The MPs stormed into the bar in force using stun guns, tasers, and electrically charged Billy clubs. When David stepped through the door, a big ugly miner punched him in the mouth. By the midpoint of their shift, David had a split lip, a black eye and they had arrested ten miners. After lunch, they received a call sending them out of the colony to one of the mining facilities. They sported riot gear and formed a line to defend the mining complex from a mob of disgruntled miners.
“Is it like this every night?” David asked while they drove back to the base at the end of their shift.
“Pretty much. Sometimes it’s worse,” Robertson said and pulled the land cruiser up to the main gate of Camp Rizzo.
David and Paul fell into a routine, working hard and partying harder on their days off. One night after they had been on Mars for three months, they responded to a disturbance at the Bucket of Blood. David was about to enter the bar when a black hovercraft pulled up to the curb. Three men in dark clothing jumped out. One of them hit David in the back with a stun gun and David collapsed to the pavement. Two of the men grabbed him by his arms, dragging him toward the vehicle. Paul pulled his handheld laser and fired a blast at the two men. Two more squads of MPs pulled up. The men dropped David to the ground, jumped back into their vehicles, and fled.
“What happened?” David asked when he regained consciousness.
Paul shrugged. “It looked like they wanted you. They were trying to drag you into the vehicle.”
The following evening, David and Paul showed up at HQ to start their shift. A crowd of marines gathered in the hallway. They elbowed their way through to the briefing room. Lieutenant Cook looked up when they came in.
“Gentlemen. Go back to your barracks and pack your gear. You’re shipping out. The brass has decided that we need to establish a presence out in the bush to deal with these rebel attacks. You get to stop being policemen and act like marines. Be on the tarmac with your gear in a half-hour.”
An hour and a half later, they boarded a troop carrier and joined a convoy leaving the base. The company of marines left Camp Rizzo heading east. Passing through the colony, they headed out onto the rough interior and traveled for eight hours crossing the rocky, barren terrain. The convoy stopped at a point where three massive canyons converged, opening up to a flat dry lake bed. A group of marines unloaded prefabricated shelters. Another group erected defensive positions stringing razor wire. David and Paul’s platoon took up defensive positions providing security. Other marines set up their new firebase.
One group of marines unloaded bulldozers from flatbed trucks. The operators mounted the dozers and formed Earthworks surrounding the new base. Within eight hours, the new firebase was up and ready for business. The following morning, David received orders to report to HQ for a mission briefing. He filed into the briefing room along with thirty other marines. A colonel with short sandy blond hair and a barrel chest stood before a holographic map depicting the landscape to the north of their position.
“Gentlemen. If you will look at the map, you’ll see why we chose this area to establish the base. We believe that the rebels operating in this area have bases in one of these three canyons. Possibly underground. They have to cross this plane to get to the colony, and we are sitting in their path. You gentlemen will go on our first recon mission. You will travel up this large canyon lying in the center. I would like you to locate the rebel bases. You’ll need to use extreme caution. These canyons on Mars make the Grand Canyon back home look like a little ditch.” The briefing carried on for a few more minutes and then the colonel opened the floor to questions. There were none. “Okay, if that’s all then be on the tarmac in fifteen minutes. The mission launches at zero-eight thirty.”
“What’s going on?” Paul asked when David stepped out of HQ.
David shrugged. “We’re going on a recon mission. What duty did you draw today?”
“I’m in a bunker on perimeter defense. I wish I was going with you.”
David laughed. “I do too, but you’d get your big nose shot off.”
Two hours later, David climbed up the boarding ramp and onto an armored troop carrier. Two main battle tanks led the convoy, followed by three more troop carriers. Two more battle tanks took up the tail end Charlie position at the rear. They left the firebase heading north into the canyon country. David bounced off his seat and fastened his safety belt. They entered the largest of the three canyons. Sheer granite walls towered above them. Large rocky boulders lay on the canyon floor while the convoy snaked its way around them.
The canyon narrowed, turning ninety degrees to the right. They slowed to make the turn. David heard a muffled explosion and debris rained down on the top of their troop carrier.
“The tank on point took a hit from a rocket! We’re under attack! On your feet marines!” the driver yelled over the vehicle’s PA system.
David jumped to his feet. His heart pounding inside his chest, he charged down the exit ramp with the rest of his squad. The lead battle tank billowed flames. A rocket streaked down from dug-out positions in the canyon’s wall. One of the tanks traveling in the tail end Charlie position exploded. They received laser fire from their direct front. David took cover behind a large boulder. He jumped up and fired off a burst with his M-23 Blaster when a laser bolt hit his chest on the upper left-hand side. It spun him around, knocked him on his ass and he struggled to catch his breath. He heard the screams of his fellow marines coming through the com-unit and heard other vehicles exploding. A figure in a black EVA suit loomed over him. I’m dead. The figure standing over him brought the butt of his M-23 Blaster down on the helmet of David’s EVA suit. His helmet cracked right before he lost consciousness.
***




Chapter 18

Captain Chambers sat down in front of the VID screen in his conference room. He logged on, using his secure code, and sent a video transmission to the CEU-Saratoga. The image of a young blonde-headed woman, the ship’s communications officer, filled the screen. She broke out into a smile. “What can I do for you, Captain?”
Chambers smiled back. “Is the Admiral available?”
“Wait for one minute. He’s in his quarters.” The woman flipped a switch on her console, spoke in a low tone, glanced up, and smiled again. “I’ll patch you through.”
The image of the screen shimmered showing Admiral Ivanov leaning back in a lounge chair. He wore a brown robe and was sipping at a tumbler of Vodka. “Jack. What is it that you might be wanting at this hour?”
“Have you spoken with Admiral Delacroix? Will these people on Europa allow us safe passage?”
The admiral shook his head. “Ya. I have spoken with the admiral, but these rabble-rousers say no. They say if we approach Jupiter or any of its moons that it will be an act of war. They will respond with force.”
“Did Admiral Delacroix tell them that we weren’t part of all this? That we want to use the gravity of Jupiter to slingshot us to the outer reaches of the solar system?”
Ivanov nodded. “Ya, ya, but these people are stubborn. They say no.”
Chambers paused drumming his fingers on the tabletop. “Is the fleet going to attack?”
Admiral Ivanov shrugged. “Right now the bureaucrats in New York are discussing this matter. For now, we sit on our hands.”
“I had a look at fleet records. I used to serve with this Shawn Gallagher when I was in the PPF. Do you think Admiral Delacroix would let me speak to him? Maybe someone like me, someone at a lower rank could persuade him to let us pass. We could talk about old times when we served on the same ship. He would listen to me.”
“It would be worth a try. I will contact the admiral and get back to you.” The image of Admiral Ivanov disappeared from the screen. Chambers logged off the vide-net and stood to his feet. He stepped through the doorway of his conference room, and out to the main corridor. A naval ensign passing by snapped off a salute. Chambers returned the gesture and headed down the hallway to the officers’ pub.
Chambers crossed the crowded bar room to a table in the back where First Officer Bannister sat. He ignored the smile coming from one of the comfort girls. A good-looking raven-haired woman wearing a skintight dress sat sipping her mixed drink.
“What? Mr. Lover Boy’s not in the mood for female companionship tonight?” Bannister asked.
Chambers shrugged. “Not tonight. I have other things on my mind.”
“Have a seat.” Chambers sat. “What are you drinking? I’ll buy.”
“I’ll have a Jack and Coke.” Bannister motioned to one of the waitresses. She sashayed over. Bannister ordered the captain a Jack and Coke and himself another Scotch on the rocks.
“What’s got your panties in a bunch?” Banister asked.
Chambers sighed. “Nothing. I had a conversation with Admiral Ivanov. I told him that I served with Shawn Gallagher and asked him to let me talk to the man. I hope I can talk some sense into him.”
Banister folded his hands on the table. “It’s been my experience that these miners don’t have much in the way of common sense, and they’re a stubborn lot. What did the admiral say?”
“He said that he would contact Admiral Delacroix and see if he could arrange it.”
“In the old days, the main battle fleet wouldn’t be sitting around on their ass like they’re doing here. They would have gone in like gangbusters. This situation would be over by now.”
Chambers nodded, their drinks arrived and the captain took a drink from his tumbler. “Tell me about it. The military used to have some leeway. Now the politicians run the show.”
Bannister laughed. “The Council of Economic Unions can’t even fart unless they have a consensus.”
“I know. They’ll be sitting here orbiting Jupiter when we come back from this mission. Twenty-some-odd years from now.” Chambers laughed.
“I got to hand it to that Shawn Gallagher, though. He’s a ballsy son of a bitch. Does he, think he can stand up to the might of the Federal Defense Forces?”
“He did have a reputation in the PPF as being fearless. Do you remember that raid we did on that pirate base deep in the asteroid belt about eight years ago?”
Banister nodded. “Yeah.”
“Gallagher’s entire team got wiped out. He stormed into one of their hideouts all by himself and killed at least two dozen of them, good-for-nothing bastards.”
“I do remember something about that. The only thing he has waiting for him now is a laser bolt through the back of the head when this is over.”
“I hope it doesn’t come to that.” The com-unit on the lapel of Chambers’ uniform beeped. The voice of the communications officer on duty on the bridge came through the tiny speaker. Chambers slapped his shoulder. “Chambers here. What can I do for you, Miss Livingston?”
“Captain, you have a video transmission from Admiral Delacroix.”
“Patch it through to my council room. Tell the admiral I’ll be there in two minutes.” Chambers ended the transmission, tossed back the rest of his drink, and stood up. “Duty calls, my friend.”
Bannister raised his glass. “Good luck. I hope you can talk some sense into Mr. Gallagher and we can get on with the mission. I’m tired of sitting here on my ass waiting for something to happen.”
Chambers hurried into his conference room a few minutes later. He sat down in front of his VID screen and logged on. The image of Admiral Delacroix filled the screen. Chambers leaned back and took in the admiral’s rugged features. He looked out of place in his crisp blue uniform. His dark skin reminded Chambers of scarred-up saddle leather. His facial features looked hard and well-defined. A smile spread across his rocky face. When he spoke, his voice was soft and his manner of speaking somewhat refined. From his physical features, Chambers expected a booming robust voice.
“Captain Chambers, I presume?”
Chambers smiled. “Yes sir, Admiral. I’m Captain Jack Chambers.”
“I’ve read through your service records. Impressive. Admiral Ivanov tells me that you served with this Shawn Gallagher in the past?”
Shawn nodded. “That is correct.”
The admiral leaned forward in his chair. “Is there anything about his psychic that you can tell us to help deal with this pretentious fellow?”
Chambers paused. “I can tell you that if he says he is going to do something, then that is what he will do. If you are expecting him to back down, don’t. It won’t happen. The man is fearless.”
“I read about his exploits a few years ago when he was with the PPF. He was part of the campaign in the asteroid belt against some pirates. You participated in that battle as well.”
“Yes sir.”
“Your exploits were as impressive as Gallagher’s. Admiral Ivanov says that you’d like to speak with the man. Do you think you can persuade him to see some reason?”
“I know I can’t talk him into surrendering to your forces. That won’t happen. I hope I can talk him into letting our fleet through the blockade. I'll tell him that we want to use Jupiter to head to the stars and continue our mission.”
Admiral Delacroix sighed. “Very well. I’ll contact him and try to arrange it. The council is backing your mission to the hilt. They want you out there in the galaxy as soon as possible. God, I wish I were going with you instead of dealing with this mess. You’re making history son. You’ll wear admiral’s stars before your career is over. I’ll try to make contact with Gallagher and get back to you. In the meantime keep up the good work.” Admiral Delacroix ended the transmission.
Chambers entered the officers’ pub a few minutes later. Bannister occupied the same table as he did when Chambers left. The raven-haired comfort girl sat at the bar. When the captain walked in, Bannister looked up and smiled.
“You’re back. How did your little chat go with the admiral?”
Chambers sat down at the table. “It went well. He said he’d try to set up a face-to-face video transmission for Gallagher and me. It will take a while though.” Chambers motioned to one of the waitresses. He bought another round and ordered a drink for the comfort girl sitting at the bar.
Banister laughed. “I guess you’re little talk must have calmed your nerves. You’re starting to feel amorous again.”
Chambers blushed. “You’re drunk.”
Banister laughed. “You’ve got me there, old friend, but I had a head start. Don’t worry. You’ll catch up.”
When the comfort girl received her drink, she stood up, glided across the barroom, and came to their table. Chambers breathed in the sweet fragrance of her perfume. “Thank you for the drink, Captain. Do you mind if I join you?”
Chambers felt a nervous flutter pass through his stomach. He struggled to keep his voice from cracking. “Not at all, but do you think you might have a friend who wouldn’t mind spending some time with our first officer here? She might need to be deaf dumb and blind though.” The dark-headed woman laughed.
“Nonsense. I know a lot of women who would die to spend some time with such a handsome and distinguished gentleman.”
Chambers made a gagging sound. “You need your eyes checked.”
The dark-haired woman spoke into her com-link bracelet on her wrist. A buxom redhead joined them a few minutes later. Chambers noticed a tiny field of freckles running across the bridge of the red head’s nose.
“You ladies have us at a disadvantage. Introduce yourselves,” Chambers said.
The dark-haired woman smiled. “My name is Nicole Allison,” she said. Nicole put her hand on the red head’s shoulder. “My friend here is Jeanne Sinclair.” Chambers motioned to the waitress and bought a round of drinks. They stayed in the officers’ pub drinking for the next two hours. Bannister headed off to his cabin with the redhead. Nicole took the captain’s arm when they stood to leave and the captain escorted her back to his cabin.
“I feel special,” Nicole, said. The captain opened the door to his quarters and led her inside. The room’s computer turned on the lights. “Most ship captains wouldn’t want a girl like me. Much less, take her back to his cabin.”
“What do you mean a girl like you? Most officers I know would love to have a beautiful woman hanging on his arm. Besides, I’m not like most captains. I’m a man like any other. I put my pants on one leg at a time and I’m lucky if I can find two socks that match.” Nicole laughed and the captain led her over to an octagon-shaped table setting in the center of the room. He pulled out a chair. She sat down and gazed about the room taking in the ocean blue carpeting. Pictures of the sea and space-faring vessels adorned the walls. Chambers crossed the room to the beverage dispenser. He poured them each a drink, and they chit-chatted for a while.
“Why me? I’ve never been with you before, but I know girls that have. You have a reputation for chasing women but usually, you like them two at a time. I didn’t figure me to be your type.”
“Besides the fact that you’re beautiful, you seem more real than most of the girls at the station. I’ve seen you around before.” Nicole sat down her drink, leaned toward Chambers, and kissed him. He enjoyed the taste of her cherry-flavored lipstick. The captain’s heart pounded inside his chest and his breathing quickened.
“Flattery will get you anywhere you want to go,” she whispered and kissed him again. They finished their drinks, moved to the bedroom and Chambers sat down on the bed. Nicole sat on his lap and kissed him long and hard on the mouth. The captain’s hand found Nicole's left breast. He let his hand rest there feeling the rise and fall of her chest for a few seconds and then reached for the buttons on the front of her dress. Nicole pushed him back, straddling him. She pulled his uniform blouse over the top of his head and went to work on his pants. Undressed, Chambers slipped under the covers.
Nicole stood up facing him, undid the buttons on the front of her dress, and let the dress fall to the deck. Facing the captain, she stood naked. Chambers’ bottom jaw dropped. He fought to catch his breath. His eyes took in Nicole’s pretty face, her high cheekbones, and her dark brown eyes. He took in her large well-formed breasts, which jutted forward not showing a once of sag, and her trim body which tapered down to a thin waist that flared out to form a pair of round hips. Her long sensual legs looked sun-bronzed and well-muscled but in a feminine way. Chambers figured that she must spend a lot of time on the treadmill and in the tanning booths. 
“Turn around. Let me see your ass.” Nicole laughed and twirled around. Chambers nodded in approval and Nicole climbed between the covers. “Computer lights off.” The room faded to black.
***
The digital alarm clock beeping woke Chambers from a deep sleep at zero five hundred hours ship time. He glanced at the green digital numbers on the face of the clock embedded in the bulkhead next to his bed.
“Computer lights on,” he said. His eyes turned to the naked woman lying in bed with him and his heart sang. She had the covers pulled down exposing her right breast. The captain noticed the hard nipple and the rise and fall of her chest as she slept. Nicole let out a groan. She stretched while Chambers flipped on the com-unit next to the alarm clock. “Captain to the officers’ mess.”
“Yes, Captain,” one of the stewards manning the com-unit in the mess hall said.
“Send breakfast for two to my cabin.”
“What would you like sir?” the steward asked.
“Scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage, and pancakes with Maple syrup. Send some biscuits and gravy up as well.”
“It’ll be about ten minutes Captain.”
“That will be fine.”
Nicole sat up. “Good morning Captain.”
“Same to you.” Chambers crossed the room in the nude. Goosebumps formed up on his arms and legs. He took a blue robe from his closet, put it on, and handed a brown one to Nicole. “I ordered breakfast.”
Nicole smiled. “Good. I’m starving.”
“Usually, when I invite a woman to my room, I send them on their way as soon as they wake up. But I would like you to stay.”
Nicole arched an eyebrow. “I’d like to. What makes me different?”
“I don’t know, but I’d like to find out.” He poured them each a cup of coffee from the beverage dispenser, handed Nicole a cup, and sat down on the edge of the bed next to her. “I have to get on a conference call at six, but we have time to eat first. I’d like you to stay. After the conference call, we could go down to the gym.”
Nicole sipped her coffee. “I’d like that.” The doorbell chimed. Chambers crossed the room and opened the door. The mess steward handed him a tray, which held two plates loaded down with food. He thanked him, set the tray down on the table and Nicole joined him. Finished with breakfast, he went into his conference room and logged onto the VID-net for his morning conference call. After the ship’s conference call, he logged on to the admiral’s call. When it was his turn to report, he transmitted the transcripts from the morning call.
“Everything is status quo, Admiral. We’re sitting on our hands waiting like everyone else. Have you heard from Admiral Delacroix? Has he made arrangements for me to speak with Gallagher?”
“He’s made contact with the man and discussed the matter, but so far they’re stonewalling.”
“Well let me know if you hear anything.” After the admiral’s conference call, the captain loaned Nicole a t-shirt and a pair of sweat pants. They headed to the gym, worked out on the treadmill, and lifted free weights. Chambers ignored a few curious glances from people in the gym. Finished with their workout, they parted company. The captain entered the bridge ten minutes later and sat down in the captain’s chair next to Bannister.
A big grin spread across Banister’s face. “I hear you have a new workout partner?”
Chambers turned three shades of red. “I can’t keep anything secret on this tub.”
“Not hardly. I-”
“Captain I have a VID transmission from Admiral Delacroix,” the communications officer said.
“I’ll take it in my conference room.” Chambers left the bridge. He entered his conference room and logged on to the video net. The image of Admiral Delacroix filled the screen.
Chambers smiled. “Admiral. It’s good to see you again.”
“Yes. It’s good to see you too. I’ve contacted this so-called President Gallagher. He has agreed to talk with you. He said that his schedule is full at the moment, but he will contact you on the VID-net as soon as he is able. I took the liberty of texting him your VID address.”
“That is good news, sir.”
“I wish you, good luck son. I'd hate for this mess to delay your mission. I hope that you’ll be able to talk some sense into this man.” After his talk with the admiral, Chambers strolled onto the bridge and took his place in the captain’s chair.
“How did your little talk with the admiral go?” Bannister asked.
“Gallagher’s agreed to talk with me. He said that his schedule is pretty tight right now, but he’ll contact me when he’s able.”
Bannister laughed. “I’d say his schedule’s tight. He’s got a lot of things on his plate right now. He's trying to run a renegade government and he has the FDF main battle fleet breathing down his neck.”
“Until then, we sit here on our heels with our thumb up our ass.”
“Care to join me at the pub for a drink?” Bannister asked after they finished their tour of duty on the bridge.
“Yeah, I’ll even buy the first round.” They left the bridge headed to the officers’ pub and took their usual table near the rear of the bar next to a bulkhead. Chambers glanced out a porthole at space. Quiet conversation buzzed through the barroom. The smell of tobacco smoke filled the air. A waitress sashayed over. The captain ordered a Jack and Coke for himself and a Scotch on the rocks for Bannister.
“I take it your evening with that dark-haired beauty went well last night. You surprised me. Usually, you like your woman two at a time.”
Chambers sighed. “Yeah, it went well. We had breakfast together in my cabin, and of course, we worked out together at the gym, but you know that.”
“News on the ship grapevine travels faster than the speed of light.” They both laughed.
“Tell me about it.”
“That surprised me too when I heard you two worked out together. Don’t you usually kick them out the first thing in the morning?”
“Yeah, but this time it was different. She’s different. I’d like to see more of her.”
Banister’s bottom jaw dropped. “I’m speechless. I never thought I’d see you fall for only one.”
“I’m not falling for her.” Chambers tried to hide his embarrassment.
“Famous last words, my friend.”
“She’s interesting.”
“And it doesn’t hurt a bit that she happens to be stone-cold gorgeous.”
“What? Are you jealous?”
“No. It’s not that. You know I prefer redheads. You’re good entertainment.”
They sat drinking for three more hours. The com-unit on the lapel of Chambers’ uniform beeped. “Chambers here,” he said.
“Captain, I have a transmission for you on the VID-net. It’s a Mr. Shawn Gallagher. He is the president of this New Republic,” the communications officer said.
“Patch it through to my conference room. Tell Mr. Gallagher to give me two minutes.” Chambers stood to his feet and tossed back the rest of his drink.
“Good luck. Give the president my regards.”
“I hope he decides to listen and let us pass. I’m sick of sitting in this damned holding pattern.”
“Especially when the galaxy is waiting.”
Unsteady on his feet, Chambers left the officers’ pub. He hurried down to his conference room. Entering his conference room, he sat down in front of the video screen and logged onto the net. The image of Shawn Gallagher filled the screen. Shawn wore a brown suit coat, which lay open with a white dress shirt underneath the coat. He had the first three buttons of the shirt unbuttoned. Dark stubble covered Gallagher’s face and he looked tired.
Chambers smiled. “Thank you for taking the time to speak with me, Mr. President.”
A friendly smile crossed Gallagher’s face. “It surprised me when they told me that someone of your rank wanted to speak with me. All my communications have been with Admiral Dick Head, I mean Delacroix.” Chambers laughed and Gallagher continued. “You look familiar to me. Have we met?”
Chambers smiled. Yeah right. I’ll bet your spooks downloaded my file from fleet records as soon as you heard I wanted to speak to you. “We served together in the PPF a few years ago.”
“Aw. On the good old CEU-Eagle’s Claw. Those were some good times.”
“Your exploits were legendary. You made a name for yourself in the asteroid belt.”
“I recall that your team did well there too when we went after those pirates. What can I do for you, Captain?”
“Let us pass. My ship is part of the new deep space fleet. We are not part of the main battle fleet. Our mission is to explore the galaxy. All we want is to use Jupiter’s orbit to assist us on our way to the stars.”
Gallagher’s shoulders slumped. “I trust you. I believe you mean our people no harm. But I don’t trust your government. What if, I permit you to approach Jupiter then your admiral orders you to turn and attack my people?”
“I can’t speak for the fleet, but if I give you my word as an officer and gentlemen, then I would disobey that order. I would consider it unlawful. I guess then I would join you in your rebellion. Look. I am not political. I don’t care who’s in charge, as long as they let me fly their ships.”
President Gallagher leaned back, stroking the stubble on his chin. “You would give up a promising career as an officer in the federal Navy and join our cause?”
“If the scenario you describe happened, then I would. My honor would demand no less.”
“I’ll take it up with my advisors and get back to you.”
“Mr. President. If you let us pass, when we get back from our mission, I’d like to sit down in a pub somewhere and buy you a drink.”
“I’ll look forward to it. I have an emergency cabinet meeting coming up. We’ll discuss the matter and make contact with Admiral Delacroix.” Gallagher ended the transmission. Chambers logged off the video net and headed back to the officers’ pub.
***
Thirteen hours later, Chambers stepped onto the bridge. He took his seat in the captain’s chair. “Has there been any word from the admiral?”
“Nope. We’re still sitting here on our collective asses. I have a feeling that things are going to get ugly,” Bannister said.
“Captain. I have a voice transmission from Admiral Ivanov,” the communications officer said.
“Patch it through to my station.” Chambers flipped on the com-unit on his console. “Good morning Admiral.”
“Congratulations Mr. Chambers. Your little talk with this so-called President Gallagher was a success. They have agreed to let us pass. They insist on sending ships to flank our position while we approach the planet and will shadow us on our route to Saturn. They are a suspicious lot, these miners. Your orders are to take up your position in the fleet. We will approach Jupiter in fifteen minutes.”
“That is good news admiral. We’re sitting on go, here.”
“Good. I will write this up and put it in your fleet records.” Admiral Ivanov ended the transmission. Bannister let out a whoop and the officers on the bridge cheered. Chambers looked up at the viewscreen. The ships in the main battle fleet moved to open a hole in the blockade, while the deep space fleet formed up.
“Mr. Walker, plot a course for Saturn,” Chambers said to the helmsmen. “Increase speed by one-third.” The deep Space fleet shot through the gap, approached Jupiter, took one revolution around the planet, and headed to deep space
***




Chapter 19

When Shawn received word of the arrival of the federal main battle fleet he hurried to his office. His security detail followed along behind him. He sat down at his VID screen, the machine flashed a text message announcing an incoming video message marked urgent. Shawn’s heart pounded inside his chest.
“Play message,” Shawn said. The image of a fleet admiral filled the screen. Shawn took in the man’s rugged features. He noticed the man's high cheekbones and the crow’s feet at the corners of his eyes and he took in the distinct lines of his facial features.
The admiral gave Shawn a condescending smile. “Whom do I have the pleasure of speaking with?” When the admiral spoke, his voice was soft, yet somehow stern and it wasn’t what Shawn was expecting.
Shawn smiled back. “My name is Shawn Gallagher. I am the president of the New Republic.”
The admiral let out a huff. “I refuse to acknowledge that title, so I’ll call you Mr. Gallagher.”
Shawn shrugged. “As you wish. What can I do for you, Admiral?”
Admiral Delacroix's voice grew a little deeper and sounded a bit sterner. “I demand that you vacate Jupiter Spacedock and all Consolidated Mining facilities. Prepare to surrender yourself to Federal Defense Forces.”
Shawn laughed, leaning back in his chair. “I don’t know what you’ve been smoking, but I want some.”
“Look at your scopes! You can see the forces arrayed against you!” Admiral Delacroix’s face turned red.
Shawn leaned forward and his hands gripped the arms of his chair. “And as you can see, we have a few ships of our own. If your forces step one foot on Europa, or Jupiter Spacedock, they will pay for it in blood.” Silence lingered for a few seconds.
Admiral Delacroix sighed. “Be reasonable. Your meager forces could not stand up to the might of the Federal Defense Forces.”
Shawn grinned and leaned back. “Have you studied your Earth history?”
Delacroix nodded. “It’s a required subject at the academy.”
“Do you remember during the Second World War, at the battle of Bastogne? They called it the Battle of the Bulge?”
“I remember. What of it?”
“The Germans sent a runner to demand that the Americans surrender. The American general replied, ‘Nuts.’ I’m telling you the same thing. Nuts. As in you can lick my nuts.” Shawn ended the transmission. He chuckled to himself remembering his first conversation with Admiral Delacroix and gazed across the table at his assembled cabinet members. A cloud of tobacco smoke filled the room. Shawn breathed in the rich aroma. “It’s been three months now since the federal main battle fleet showed up, and still they’ve made no overt move toward us. They seem content to set back blockading our system. What are they waiting for?”
Wilson shrugged. “The Council of Economic Unions is afraid to attack. If the Navy had its way, this would be over by now.”
“What about our preparations?” Shawn leaned back in his chair.
“The troops are as ready as they are going to get. The defensive positions are in place. Our people are sitting on their hands waiting.”
Shawn nodded and looked at his chief intelligence officer. “Jerry. How is the, oh shit plan coming?”
Holliday paused, setting his cigar down in an ashtray. “Everything is in place.”
“What about that other matter?”
Holiday shrugged. “The team arrived on Mars. They made one attempt but failed. The brass transferred him to the bush. The Marines on Mars are establishing outlying bases away from the main colonies. He’s on some God-forsaken base out in the canyon country. I have an intelligence asset on the base. We’ll attempt another snatch and grab when they send him out on patrol.”
Shawn nodded. “Good. Make sure he doesn’t get hurt. What about Mr. Wolf and these anti-matter torpedoes?”
“He’s in the construction phase. They should have a batch to deliver to the fleet within a few weeks.”
Shawn nodded. “About the fleet. What is the word from Mr. Kesler?”
“Gustav says his ships are ready to mix it up with the federals, but you can expect them to land troops here on Europa.”
“I know. We won’t beat them in space. It’ll be here on the ground. What about spacedock?”
Holliday shrugged. “We have a Special Forces team garrisoned there. Their job is to slow the federals down long enough for everyone else to bug out. Spacedock should be the federal’s first target.”
The com-unit on Shawn Gallagher’s desk beeped. He put on a set of headphones and took the call. “Gallagher here,” he said into the throat mike. “Then get your people to the escape pods ASAP.” Shawn flipped off the com-unit, rose to his feet, and looked up at his assembled staff. His heart palpitated in his chest and sweat cropped up, on his brow. “Well, gentlemen, it looks like the federal boys are getting tired of waiting. That was Linda Van Horn at spacedock. She said several of the federal ships are moving toward her position. Others are turning to engage our fleet.” Shawn turned to Wilson. “John put the ground troops on alert.” The com-unit beeped again. “I’ll bet that’s Admiral Kesler now. Gentlemen, I’ll let you get to it. Things are about to get busy.” His assembled cabinet members filed out of the room while Shawn took the next call. “Admiral Kesler. What is your status?”
“My ships are moving into position to engage. I have six ships in position to defend spacedock. The others are going after the fleet.”
Shawn paced back and forth. “What are our chances?”
“We can hurt them, but we can’t stop them. I will stand and fight to the last ship if that is what you wish. It would be a better strategy to bloody their nose and flee to the asteroid belt. From there we can use hit and run tactics and drain their resources by attrition.”
“Do that then. Do as much damage as you can in the initial blow. Then be a thorn in Admiral Delacroix’s ass.”
“As you wish Mr. President.” Admiral Kesler ended the transmission. Shawn sat back down in his chair, leaned back and his thoughts drifted to his brother David. God, I hope the team I sent in can get him off, Mars. But what about when they get here? Will they make it through the federal blockade?
***
Cyrus Bonelli stormed out of the council chambers. Sharp pains shot across his chest. His hands balled into fists at his sides and he had trouble catching his breath. The nerve of those insolent bastards! They have the nerve to threaten me with sanctions. Cyrus sat down at his video net, logged on. The image of Admiral Delacroix appeared on the screen. Delacroix sat at a desk in his conference room. His uniform looked impeccable, but a worried frown crossed the admiral’s face.
“Good evening Mr. President,” Delacroix said.
“Admiral. I am transmitting orders for you to launch the attack. Start phase one of Operation Bold strike. I want your ships to attack at once.”
Delacroix's frown deepened. “I thought the council was discussing the opening of negotiations?”
“The Council of Economic Unions couldn’t negotiate their way out of a shit house.”
“If you will send the confirmation code, I’ll launch the attack when I receive the orders.”
“I don’t have the damned confirmation code. We’re bypassing the council on this one. While they sit there wringing their hands, the fleet is running out of fuel. You now take your orders from me.”
“Mr. President. This puts me in a bad position.”
“I will take direct responsibility should there be any repercussions. You will follow my orders and launch Bold Strike, or I will relieve you of command! Do you understand me?” Cyrus slammed his hand down on the table.
Delacroix's shoulders slumped. “Yes, sir Mr. President. I want to get this situation over with and get the fleet home, but there will be hell to pay from the council when the mission is over.”
Cyrus leaned back in his chair. “Let me deal with that. Are we on the same page here?”
Delacroix nodded. “Yes sir. I have never refused a lawful order in my entire career. Since you are the president of the council, in my interpretation, this order is lawful. I’ll launch Bold Strike at once.”
Cyrus smiled. “Good. One more thing.”
“What might that be Mr. President?”
“I want you to bring me Shawn Gallagher in chains. Deliver him to my suite in New York. I have my favorite, chrome-plated laser pistol sitting on my mantel. It's charged and waiting. I intend to fire a bolt through the back of that treasonous bastard’s head.”
***
Linda Van Horn looked down at the computer screen on her console in horror. She watched several federal battle cruisers turn toward spacedock. She hesitated for a fraction of a second. Several ships from Admiral Gustav’s fleet turned to intercept. She sent the transmission to President Gallagher informing him of the federal action. Finished with that transmission, she flipped a toggle switch on her console. Alarms sounded throughout the station. A red strobe light flashed and Linda turned on her com-unit. Her hands shook; she wiped a bead of sweat from her forehead and tried to keep her voice calm.
“All personnel report to the escape pods at once! This is not a drill! I repeat! All personnel report to the escape pods at once!”
Jan Cunningham swiveled in her chair, a worried look on her face, and gave Linda a troubled smile. “We’d better go.”
“You go. I’m staying until everyone is away,” Linda said.
Jan jumped to her feet and left the control deck. She joined the hustle and bustle filling the orbiting space station. The station’s personnel headed for the escape pods. Linda’s com-unit beeped. She flipped a toggle. Commander Brian Finnegan's voice reverberated through the speakers on her console.
“It’s time to leave, lass. Those flyboys will do their best, but they’ll be no match for those federal ships. We can expect those bloody bastards to breach the stations. My lads will buy you as much time as we can.”
“Thank you, Commander. I’ve started the evacuation. I’ll man my station until the last of our people are away.” Linda tried to keep her voice from cracking.
“Don’t try to be a hero, lass. Just get it done.”
Linda looked down at her scope. Tiny blips of light appeared as the federal vessels launched fighters. Space fighters poured out of the ships from Admiral Kesler’s fleet. They fought to protect spacedock. Her heart sank. Several bright flashes of light shoot out from the federal vessels and a tear tracked down her face. Linda wondered how many people were going to die before this was over. She tracked the torpedoes on her screen. The torpedoes slammed into one of the vessels near the spacedock. It exploded in a blinding flash of light, and a debris field formed in front of the space station.
The ships guarding spacedock fought hard. They managed to destroy more than twice their number. Five of the ships exploded turning into so much space junk. The sixth ship escaped into the lower atmosphere of Jupiter and then dashed the asteroid belt. Linda watched the last space fighter explode. The federal ships trained their laser cannons on the launch bay doors of spacedock. Her com-unit beeped.
“Lass, you need to get your people off station now! We’ll be having company in a few minutes.” Finnegan said.
Linda checked her scope counting the number of space pods that had already launched. She flipped on the biomonitor. Three-quarters of the spacedock personnel had already escaped. “Commander, we still have twenty people on board. I’ve sealed the control deck. When the last of our people are away, I’ll bug out. Good luck, Commander, and may God go with you,” Linda said trying to hold back the tears.
“Roger that, lass. We’ll teach them, federal bastards, not to mess with the fighting Irish.” The Special Forces team took up defensive positions near the airlock. “All right, lads. Let’s teach these bastards not to mess with a bunch of Irish hooligans like us,” Finnegan said. His voice reverberated through the tiny speakers inside the helmets of his team’s EVA suits. A red spot appeared on the launch bay doors, then brightened and began to spread. The doors exploded showering the launch bay with burning debris. A shuttle flew through the gaping hole and landed on the launch bay with three more shuttles on its tail.
“Let’s give ‘em hell lads,” Finnegan opened up on the federal marines pouring out of their shuttles. The marines formed a defensive perimeter. The Special Forces team guarding spacedock took out several of the invaders. The superior numbers of the Federal Marines forced them to flee deeper into the facility. The marines followed. They lit up the narrow corridors of the with laser fire and engaged in a running gun battle. A laser bolt hit a control panel and the smell of burnt plastics and wiring wafted down the corridor. Finnegan took a round through the right leg. He hobbled along guarding the rear while his team retreated. His leg throbbed and felt as if it was on fire, but he managed to keep up with his team. Laser fire took out several of his team members. They finally made it to the doorway leading to the control center. Finnegan tapped the com-link on the lapel of his uniform.
“Linda, lass. It’s now or never. We’re about to make our last stand.”
“Thank you, Commander. The last of our people have left. I’m shutting down the control center now.”
Finnegan’s heart hammered inside his chest. “Head to the escape pod, lass.”
“I’m going now.” Linda's voice cracked and a tear rolled down her cheek.
“It’s all right, lass. Us Irish boys we're made for this stuff.” Finnegan took a cigar from his pocket. He fired it up and tobacco smoke filled the corridor.
Linda shut down her station. She crossed the control center to the last remaining escape pod. Entering the pod she secured herself in the upright seat and hit the eject button. The escape pod jettisoned away from the station and descended toward the surface of Europa.
The Federal Marines rounded the corner heading toward the control center. A laser bolt burned into the bulkhead next to Finnegan’s shoulder. He clinched the cigar between his teeth and returned fire. His heart pounded inside his chest and his breathing accelerated.
“Lads, let’s show these bastards what a few Irish thugs like us can do when our dander is up,” Finnegan said. He bit back the lump in his throat and opened up with his M-23 Blaster.
***
Admiral Kesler sat on the command platform on the bridge of his flagship. He gazed out the viewscreen at the federal vessels arrayed against him. When the federal forces made their move, Kesler ordered half of his fleet to attack the federal’s flank. He held the others back in reserve. The federals launched space fighters and Admiral Kesler launched their fighters as well. The ships from Kesler’s fleet were small. The smaller ships were more maneuverable than the federal main battle cruisers. They attacked at full speed. Admiral Gustav waited until the last few seconds. He ordered the fleet to launch torpedoes in a massive volley. They fired as they passed through the federal formations.
The first wave of ships passed through the federal lines and turned for another run. The rest of Kesler’s fleet began their attack run. Several blinding flashes filled the viewscreen. The shields on four federal ships failed. The ships exploded into massive fireballs. The space fighters mixed it up. A debris field filled space surrounding Jupiter and her moons. The federal forces launched torpedoes. They opened up with their laser cannons. Laser fire lit up the viewscreen. Once more, they sliced through the federal lines firing torpedoes while they sped by. Admiral Kesler’s flagship took a direct hit from a laser cannon. He felt a massive jolt and the lights flickered on the bridge.
“Captain, the shields are down to seventy percent strength,” the chief engineer said.
The young blond-headed German captain turned to Admiral Kesler. “What are your orders, sir?”
Gustav waved his hand as if in a dismissive gesture. “Give it another run.” The space battle lasted for over an hour. The federal fleet lost over one-third of its ships. Several more sustained severe damage. After Kesler lost over half of the ships in his fleet, he heaved a sigh. God if I only had some of Mr. Wolf’s anti-matter weapons. Admiral Kesler flipped on his com-unit and sent out a broadcast to all the remaining ships in his fleet. “Well done, Comrades. We will now make an orderly withdrawal. There will be another day.” After giving the order to withdraw, Kesler sent a video to the federal flagship. The image of Admiral Delacroix filled the screen. “Admiral. You won the day. Next time you won’t be so lucky.”
Delacroix sighed. “Next time I will destroy your whole fleet. Why don’t you give up now before more people die?”
Kesler shook his head. “And spend the rest of my life in a federal gulag? No thank you.” Kesler cut the signal. He typed in an encrypted code and the image of Shawn Gallagher filled the screen. In the background, Kesler saw people tearing down equipment and packing up documents. “Mr. President. We did our best. Rather than lose the entire fleet, I have ordered my people to flee to the asteroid belt. We will affect repairs and see how much damage we can inflict using the hit and run tactics that we spoke of.”
“You did an excellent job. You destroyed almost one-half of the federal fleet.”
Kesler shrugged. “More like one-third. It looks like you are busy, so I won’t keep you.”
“My security people are going ballistic. They are moving me to a safer location.”
“You can expect the federals to land ground troops on Europa.”
Shawn nodded. “They’ll find that Europa is a tough nut to crack.”
Kesler laughed. “Take care, Mr. President.” He fired off a salute and Gallagher returned it. “Until we meet again. I have a bottle of the finest German Vodka. We will have a victory toast.”
Shawn smiled. “I’ll look forward to it.” Kesler flipped off his com-unit and led his despoiled fleet toward the asteroid belt. The federal forces, all though still a viable force was in no shape to give chase.
***




Chapter 20

David Gallagher drifted up from the depths of unconsciousness. He felt someone grab him by his arms and pick him up. Pain racked his body but he couldn’t see who was carrying him. His heart thumped inside his chest and he couldn’t seem to catch his breath. David heard a few gunshots and saw the flash of a laser. Someone sat him on a metal deck; he heard the rumble of an engine and felt tracked wheels moving underneath him. I’m in a vehicle. They’re taking me back to the base. He drifted back into unconsciousness.
The next time he woke up, he felt the vehicle stop. His stomach dropped and he felt like he was sinking into the depths of hell. I’m dead. The next face I see will be the face of the Devil himself. His’ world faded to black.
***
Paul Rosenbaum came off of watch on the defensive perimeter and headed to the mess hall. He saw a group of marines assembled by HQ, so he headed over. “What’s up?” he asked a young marine standing on the edge of the group.
“The recon patrol they sent out earlier didn’t make it back. They were due over two hours ago.”
Icy fear sank into the pit of Paul’s stomach. “Have they made contact with them on the com-net?”
The young marine shook his head. “They tried, but so far they haven’t got a response. They’re assembling a team to go look for them.”
“My buddy was on that patrol. I’ll go.” Paul stepped into HQ. Twenty minutes later, he assembled with a large group of marines. This time the convoy was double the size. It had twice as many troop carriers and twice as many main battle tanks. They had several shuttles to provide air support.
Paul let out a sigh. “Hurry up and wait. I wish they’d get this shit ball rolling,” Paul said to the marine standing next to him. His voice resonated through the speaker inside the helmet attached to his EVA suit. The vehicles formed up in a long line and an NCO climbed out of a half-track shouting orders. The Martian wind picked up blowing sand across the tarmac.
“Let’s go, marines! Get your asses on board now!” The boarding ramps lowered. Paul charged onboard the first troop carrier along with ten other marines.
“Do you think they’re alive?” the marine sitting next to Paul asked after they took off their helmets.
Paul settled back in his seat listening to the rumble of the troop carrier’s engine. “I hope so. They could have had a mechanical breakdown. Maybe they’re working on their vehicles. The com-units might not work so well inside those canyons.”
Another marine shook his head. “Don’t count on it. We’re deep inside Indian country. We own the colonies, but these damned rebels own the bush.” The convoy moved out passing through the base’s outer perimeter. They headed through the wire while Paul held onto the armrest of his seat. The troop carrier bounced over the rough terrain. It entered the canyon country following the route of the previous recon patrol. The convoy reached the ambush site forty-five minutes later. The troops deployed and formed a defensive perimeter.
The hulks of what had once been main battle tanks and troop carriers lay smoldering on the canyon floor. Bodies lay scattered on the ground and most of their EVA suits had depressurized. The stench coming from the burning vehicles filled the air. Paul led a patrol to search the wreckage. They put the dead bodies in one of the troop carriers and attached tow cables to the disabled vehicles. God, where’s David? Paul tried to swallow the lump in his throat. The lieutenant in charge of the convoy and a medic stepped up to Paul while his squad loaded the last body.
“Is that all, of them?” the lieutenant asked, but the medic shook his head. “I checked the bio scanners. We have one man missing.”
Paul slung his Blaster over his shoulder, stepped up next to the medic. “Who is it?” Paul’s heart hammered in his chest and he felt hope start to rise.
“David Gallagher.”
“If he’s missing, then that must mean he’s still alive,” Paul said.
“Could be, but if he’s alive, he’s in rebel hands. Let’s button down this convoy. We need to get back to the base before the rebels decide to go for round two,” the lieutenant in command said. They deployed back to the troop carriers. The convoy pulled out towing a couple of the disabled vehicles behind and carried the bodies of their fallen comrades back to the base.
***
Alonzo and Louis gathered in the ready room with a company of marines. The captain ordered the entire ship into a heightened state of readiness as they approached Jupiter. So far, things had remained at status quo. Alonzo and Louis crossed the ready room to a beverage dispenser. They poured themselves a cup of coffee, picked up a doughnut, and headed to a table near a viewscreen. Several of the marines in the ready room smoked cigarettes and a cloud of tobacco smoke filled the room. Alonzo took a sip of his coffee, grimacing at the taste of the bitter brew, and bit into a doughnut. The voice of the captain resonated through the ship’s PA system. He announced that they had reached an agreement with the people on Europa and said that the main battle fleet would move aside. They would pass through the federal blockade and continue on their journey. He also canceled the alert and said that the ship could now return to routine business. When the captain quit speaking, a wild whoop went through the ready room.
“It’s about bloody time, mate,” Louis said. “I thought we’d be stuck here for a few months. I thought we'd get caught up in this foolishness and have to shoot our way through the blockade.”
Alonzo smiled. “Me too, bro. I’m kind of anxious to get out of the solar system and see what’s out there.” They watched the viewscreen. The ships from the main battle fleet created a hole in the blockade and the deep-space fleet approached Jupiter. It took one revolution around the planet and headed for the outer edges of the solar system.
Several smaller ships flanked them on the viewscreen. “I guess them blokes don’t trust us. They sent some ships along for the ride mate. Do you think they're gonna bird dog us to Saturn?”
“Who cares, bro. At least we’re on the move again. They’ll turn back after a while.”
Louis grinned. “That’s right, mate. We have a couple of hours to kill before we hit the rack. Tomorrow it’s back to the same old grind. What do you say about heading to the pub? I’ll buy the first round.”
Alonzo smiled. “Louis, you’re a man after my own heart.” They stood up, crossed the ready room, stepped out into the main corridor, and headed to the officers’ pub. In the weeks and months that followed, they fell back into their normal routine. The captain held no scheduled training events. The admiral didn’t want to antagonize their escorts. Louis and Alonzo spent eight hours a day in class and four hours a day serving as third lieutenants. Their days were long and taxing but they were also rewarding.
***
David drifted up from the depths of unconsciousness, opened his eyes, and glanced around taking in his surroundings. He lay in a hospital bed, bios monitors set next to his bed along with a metal surgical cart. An IV drip was attached to his left wrist along with plastic heart monitors attached to his chest. One of the machines beeped. The room smelled sterile, like any other hospital he’d ever been in. He looked past the medical machines at the granite walls of the room where he lay. I must be in some underground cavern. The walls looked smoother than glass. It looked like some massive boring tool had hollowed out the room. David had heard rumors about deep subterranean caverns controlled by the rebels.
An elderly man with short gray hair stepped through a set of blue steel doors. David took in the crow’s feet at the corner of the man’s tired gray eyes and the dark bags underneath them. The man looked up and smiled. “Oh. You’re awake.”
David glanced about. “Where am I?”
“I’m Doctor Guthrie. You’re in rebel-occupied territory deep below the surface of Mars.”
David let out a sigh. “How bad am I hurt?”
“You took a laser bolt through your upper chest. We have you on regeneration nanoprobes. You should be fine in a couple of days.”
David’s eyes widened and he gripped the blankets at his sides. “I guess I am a prisoner of war?”
“We’re not in a declared war. You’re a detainee classified as an enemy combatant.”
David nodded. “What’s going to happen to me?”
“After you recover from your wounds, there are some people who want to speak with you. They’ll talk to you about your future.”
David noticed the scar on the doctor’s wrist. “What happened to your biochip?”
“I had it removed. How else do you think the rebel alliance can operate with impunity?”
The doctor stepped up to his bed, ran a handheld bio scanner over his chest, and poured a glass of water from a pitcher that was set on the metal cart next to the bed. He handed David the glass along with three pills “Take these. You need to sleep so the nanoprobes can do their work.”
David tried to sit up. “What happens to the nanoprobes when I get well?”
“They go dormant. Your body absorbs them.” David took the pills, lay back on his bed, and once more, he sank into the depths of unconsciousness.
***
Paul arrived back at the base two hours later and helped unload the bodies of their fallen comrades. The sound of engines whined in his ear coming through the speakers of his EVA suit. Several shuttles descended toward the landing pad. Paul went to the mess hall for a hot meal and a cup of coffee. He had finished eating when the alarm buzzers went off. The base’s PA system ordered all personnel to fall out and report to the tarmac in full combat gear. Paul put his EVA suit back, on rushed out the door, down the hallway, and through an airlock. He crossed the base to his barracks, retrieved his combat gear, and assembled with his company. His top sergeant and their lieutenant lumbered up to where the marines stood waiting. When the marines saw them coming, they snapped to attention.
“Gentlemen. I came from a meeting with the brass. An air recon mission reported a large rebel force heading our way. They’re currently occupying all three of the canyons to our north. We expect the base to come under attack within the next twenty-four hours. The base is now on lockdown. Our orders are to guard the northern perimeter. We will work twelve hours shifts. Sergeant Richer will assign the duty roster. You will occupy the gunrooms and the trenches on the perimeter. Let’s stay sharp. This has the makings of a long night. If you’re not on watch, try to get some sleep. When the rebs attack, I want everyone on the line,” the lieutenant said. The wind picked up blowing sand across the tarmac.
Sergeant Richer stepped up and spoke in a rough gravelly voice. “First, second and third platoons will occupy the gunrooms! Fourth Fifth and sixth platoons will occupy the trenches. The rest of you get some shuteye. But sleep light. If you hear the alert whistle sound, drop your cocks and grab your rifle because the rock men are coming.”
“I’m glad we pulled duty in the gunrooms instead of the trenches,” Paul said to the marine standing next to him.
“Yeah. At least we’ll have a bit more cover in the gun room if they do attack.” The marine’s southern drawl echoed through the speakers in Paul’s EVA suit. Paul slung his rucksack over his shoulder, picked up his rifle, and headed to the northern perimeter. Other marines occupied the gunroom and trenches to the east, west, and south. Paul and ten other marines occupied a gunroom on the northeastern edge of the perimeter. He stood at the firing port nearest the hardened steel door of the gun room. The other marines took up positions at the firing ports down the line. Paul touched a small button on the side of his helmet activating the helmet’s night vision feature. He looked out at the barren landscape illuminated into a bright green world.
He scanned the razor wire and bungee pits on the outer edges of the perimeter. There were various other obstacles set up to hinder an invading force. The marines on the line occupied a series of trenches. They were, constructed in such a way that they could give up ground if they had to, but stay undercover and zigzag their way back to the inner earthworks. Now and then one of the marines on the line would fire an illumination flare. The night passed slowly, Paul and the marines in his gun room grew tired.
Paul yawned inside his EVA suit. “If these rock men are gonna attack, I wish they’d get it over with.”
“I know. I’m so damned sleepy I could fall asleep standing up,” the marine at the firing port next to him said.
“Private Rosenbaum to HQ,” Paul said into his throat mike inside his helmet.
“Keep the chatter down, marine,” someone said.
“Could you send a runner around with some coffee?”
“I’ll see what I can do.”
Paul sighed, staring out the hardened glass above his firing port. More time passed. A runner came by going from gunroom to gunroom delivering coffee and Paul met him at the doorway. He handed out thermoses of coffee to his fellow marines. Once he’d passed out the chrome thermoses, Paul attached his to a slot on the side of his EVA suit. He inserted the feed tube into a receptacle on his helmet and sucked in the hot elixir.
“Why do they call these guys rock men?” Paul asked the marine at the next firing port.
The marine yawned. “Because they rise out of the rocky surface of Mars as if they were part of the landscape. They hide in the most, rocky barren places you could imagine.”
“I hear they have bases underground.”
“You’d be, surprised what’s under the surface of Mars.”
Paul’s head nodded. He lowered his head and turned off the night vision feature on his helmet to give his eyes a rest and looked at the digital timepiece on the wrist of his EVA suit. Its green numbers flashed zero three hundred hours. He turned on his night vision once more looking at the perimeter and his bottom jaw dropped. Seconds before, he saw nothing but the rocky landscape. Now he saw thousands of people swarming through the wire attacking the base from all directions. They wore desert camouflaged EVA suits. Paul’s heart boomed inside his chest and he thought he was going to hyperventilate. “They’re on the wire!” Paul yelled, and opened up with his blaster. An illumination flare lit up the night. The marines on the line opened up, a fiery explosion erupted and rebels in the hills fired mortars down on the base. Tiny bits and pieces of cement rained down on their heads. Bodies piled up on the wire, but the rebels climbed over their dead and stormed the base. Paul thought the noise inside the gun room was going to make his ears bleed. Rebel shuttles came in from the north. They flew low and fired laser-guided bombs. Main battle tanks on the south side of the base opened up with their main guns and tracer fire lit up the night.
Through the wire, the rebels stormed the trenches. Paul and the marines in his gun room returned fire. They used the weapon's laser feature until they ran out of energy packs.
“I’m switching to solid projectiles!” Paul yelled to the marine at the adjacent firing port.
“I’m using explosive rounds! We’re in a world of shit! There’s too many of them out there!” They heard a loud explosion, saw a bright flash and debris rained down from the ceiling. The dim lighting inside the gun room flickered and went out.
“One of those mortars landed right on top of us!” Paul yelled.
Paul heard the hardened glass above the firing port next to him shatter. An explosive charge tore through the glass. A small piece of debris entered the faceplate of a marine three positions down from him and pierced his cheek. It exited out the back of his skull. Blood, brain matter, and minute pieces of bone, splattered against the back wall of the gun room. For a few seconds, Paul froze, staring at the gore.
The invading horde pushed the marines out of the trenches. They drove them back over the earthworks surrounding the base. The rebels stormed down the hill overwhelming the remnant manning the line. Paul heard a loud explosion outside the door of their gun room. The doors blew open. Someone threw in a grenade and a piece of shrapnel hit Paul’s shoulder. He fell over backward. Fierce eerie-looking rebels dressed in camouflaged EVA suits stormed into the gun room. They sprayed the inside with their blasters. A bullet pierced Paul’s chest punching a hole through his heart. They do look like rock men. A few seconds later he slipped into unconsciousness and died. The battle over, a pitch-black shuttle landed on the tarmac. After the dust settled, the rebel colonel lumbered down the exit ramp and surveyed the scene.
“Kill them all. I want this base torn down within the next two hours. We’ll salvage what equipment we can use. Frag the rest. It’ll teach these federal sons of bitches. They may own the colonies, but we own the bush,” the rebel commander said. His aide relayed the commander’s orders. They killed the few marines that had surrendered along with scores of wounded that lay on the ground. Four hours later, the rebel army pulled out. They took anything not destroyed beyond repair with them. The federal base lay in smoking ruins.
***
David woke up and gazed about the hospital room. He wondered what noise or sound had awoken him. Someone had removed the biomonitors from his chest and the IV drip from the back of his hand. The doors to his hospital room opened. The lights went from dim to bright and five men dressed in black flight suits entered his room. David took in their appearance thinking that they looked strong and capable. Their short hair and their posture put off a military bearing. When they saw that David was awake, a young man with sandy-colored blond hair smiled. “Good, you’re awake. How are you feeling?”
David shrugged, catching a faint trace of whiskey on the man’s breath. “Pretty good.”
“That’s great. The doctor said you might feel a little weak but that you were well enough to travel. Here, I brought you some clothes. Get dressed.” The man laid a change of clothes down on the bed.
“Who are you, people?”
The young officer smiled. “I’m Captain O’Brian and this is my crew.”
David sat up and moved to the edge of the bed setting his feet on the cold floor. “Where is it that you think you’re taking me?”
“We are taking you to Europa. Your brother Shawn would like to speak with you.”
“I’m afraid you’ve made a long trip for nothing. I have nothing to say to Shawn. As far as I’m concerned, he’s dead to me.” David let out a sigh.
O'Brien and his crew stepped up to David’s bed forming a semi-circle around him. O’Brian’s face turned serious. “It was not a request, Mr. Gallagher. You can either come with us peaceably, or we’ll take you in restraints, but either way, you’re coming with us.”
David looked at the door and thought about making a run for it, but noticed the men standing around him. They had laser pistols strapped to their sides. Their hands rested on the butts of their weapons. Like, their captain, these men looked rough and capable. Nausea, passed through David’s stomach when he tried to stand up, so he sat back down feeling light-headed. I wouldn’t make it to the door. “Give me a minute. To tell you the truth, I still do feel a bit weak.”
O'Brien nodded. “Take your time. We’re in no hurry. You’ll have three months to recuperate while we’re in space.”
David caught his breath and stood to his feet. Captain O’Brian and his crew surrounded him while he dressed. “I guess I’m ready. All I had was my combat gear when they shot me. I don’t know what happened to that stuff.”
“It doesn’t matter. We have everything you’ll need, onboard the ship.” O'Brien led him out of the hospital room and down an underground corridor. His crew flanked him. They passed several other people dressed in military fatigues heading in the opposite direction. O'Brien stopped at a turbo lift, punched a button on the outside of the lift. “This way.”
David glanced around. “No one uses biochips down here?”
“I had mine removed.” David shook his head in amazement. He stepped into the turbo lift and felt his stomach drop when the lift descended into the bowels of the red planet. The lift stopped a few minutes later. The doors opened and O’Brian stepped out onto a raised metal platform. David stepped out behind him and looked out across a vast underground cavern. He felt a slight breeze tickle his face. “This way,” O'Brien said, leading David to a stairway to the right of the platform. They descended the metal stairway. David noticed metal catwalks running across the walls of the cavern. He saw lights coming from what looked like rooms cut out of the rock in the sides of the cavern. People moved up and down the catwalks. Others seemed busy working in the various rooms lining the cavern’s walls. When they reached the cavern’s floor, David noticed a small landing pad lit up by overhead lighting. Several small space vessels were set on the landing pad and off to the left, there was a metal launch control tower. Through the hardened glass windows, David saw men working in the tower.
O'Brien led David across the cavern to the landing pad with his crew flanking him. O’Brian weaved his way through various shuttles and light cruisers. They came to a black space cruiser that bristled with armaments. He punched in a code next to the ship’s entrance port, the hatch opened and an exit ramp extended. “Welcome aboard. This will be home for the next three months,” O'Brien said. They climbed up the boarding ramp. The ramp retracted, the hatch closed behind them and David paused looking around the interior of the small ship.
“Pretty fancy.” David took in the plush blue carpeting and the paneled bulkheads.
“The crew cabins are down that corridor to the aft. The first door on your right leads to the galley if you’re hungry. The lounge is in the middle of the main corridor before you get to the cargo bay. If you want to watch the take-off, there’s a VID screen in the lounge. If you cooperate and don’t cause trouble, you can have free run of the ship while we’re in space.”
“I’ll find the galley. Then I'll watch the take-off on the VID screen.”
O'Brien nodded at a dark-headed lieutenant. “Jackson. Take Mr. Gallagher to the galley and fix him something to eat.”
Jackson led David down the corridor while O’Brian headed to the cockpit. He sat down, powered up the ship and his co-pilot took the seat next to him. Lieutenant Jackson fixed several ham and cheese sandwiches. He took two bottles of beer from a cooler and led David down to the lounge.
O'Brien turned on the ship’s com-unit. “Free Bird Two to launch control.”
“Go ahead, Free Bird.”
“Request permission to launch.”
“Be advised, Free Bird. You will leave at terminal three seventeen tier two. You are free to launch. I am opening the doors now.”
O'Brien applied thrust. The cruiser lifted off the launch pad. Through the forward viewscreen, O’Brian saw a red flashing light. It bordered the edges of a large set of rectangular doors near the top of the cavern. The doors slid open and the free Bird Two flew through the center of the rectangle exiting the cavern. Once clear of the launch bay doors, O’Brian applied upward thrust. They climbed out of the depths of one of the Martian canyons and gained altitude. Breaking through the atmosphere, they entered an orbit around Mars. Ignoring the calls from the Martian spacedock to identify themselves O'Brien broke orbit and headed for the asteroid belt. Two PPF vessels followed on their tail but soon gave up the chase. David watched the scene unfold on the viewscreen inside the lounge.
***




Chapter 21

Captain Chambers and Nicole Allison sat across from each other. They were enjoying a late supper in the captain’s quarters catered by two Navy stewards. Nicole wore a black evening gown and the captain wore his dress blues. While he poured Nicole a glass of red wine he smiled. The massive viewscreen on the port side bulkhead caught his eye. He stared out at Saturn in all her glory, his eyes widened and Nicole grinned. “She is beautiful, isn’t she?”
“That she is my dear.” Chambers looked out the viewport at Saturn’s colorful rings and breathed in the sweet smell of Nicole’s perfume, noticing flakes of hazel in her dark brown eyes.
Nicole watched a group of small vessels flanking the fleet. “Those ships. How long will they follow us?”
“That’s a new batch. The ships from Europa turned back a month and a half ago and a small fleet from Saturn took their place. This batch will follow us halfway to Uranus. After that, they’ll let us be.” Nicole took a drink from her wine goblet while the steward set down two plates of roast duck. “Thank you,” he said to the steward.
“They don’t think that we plan to attack them, do they?”
Chambers shook his head. “I don’t think so. They’re being cautious. They’ll have their hands full dealing with the main battle fleet. How do you like your new job?”
A big grin crossed Nicole’s face. “I love it. Thank you for talking with Jennifer. I love working in the PX and thank you for setting me up with my new quarters. I love my new cabin.”
“You’re welcome. I’m glad you like your new place. The PX can’t pay as much as you made in the Comfort station.”
Nicole shrugged her bare shoulders. “It doesn’t matter. I’ve invested a lot of money. Plus, I’m good with numbers. Jennifer is going to let me do the books. It will mean more money.”
A smile crossed the captain’s face. “I can’t have my girlfriend servicing half the men in the fleet down at the comfort station.”
Nicole reached across the table and took his hand. “Doesn’t it bother you? What I used to do.”
Chambers shook his head once more. “No. You know I’m no angel. Word gets around. I’ve had lots of women. Sometimes two and three at a time, but I’ve never met anyone like you. When I first laid eyes on you, my heart stopped.” He took a small black box out of his coat pocket and set it on the table. A ball of nerves formed in his stomach and his hands shook, so he set them on his knees under the table. Nicole picked up the box. She opened it, stared down at the diamond engagement ring for two seconds, and dropped the box on the table. She put her hands to her face to stifle a squeal. “Let me do this right.” His heart hammered inside his chest. He climbed out of his chair and dropped to one knee. “Ms. Nicole Allison, will you marry me?”
Nicole launched out of her chair. She wrapped her arms around the captain’s neck and smothered him with kisses. “Yes! Yes of course I will, but do you think the Navy will allow it?” She turned the captain loose, and they returned to their seats.
“Under normal situations, no. But this is not a normal mission. I’ve spoken with the admiral. He gave us his blessing.”
Nicole took a bite of her roast duck. “When? When do you want to have the ceremony?”
He took a drink from his wine goblet. “As soon as possible.”
Nicole looked up and smiled. “But not too soon. I have so much planning to do.”
“We can set the date later after you’ve had time to think about it.” They finished their dinner. Chambers thought that Nicole’s continence looked radiant. I can’t seem to keep this silly grin off my face either. He pushed his plate away from the table. “I’m stuffed. The roast duck was delicious.”
Nicole stood to her feet, grabbed the captain by his arm, and gave him a mischievous grin. “The dinner was great, but I hope you saved room for dessert.” She led him toward the bed.
***
Chambers stepped onto the bridge of the Port Royal at zero seven hundred hours the next morning and sat down in the captain’s chair next to First Officer Bannister. His console beeped. He logged onto the system and Bannister swiveled in his chair facing the captain. “Good morning, Captain. How’s your morning going? I trust you slept well?”
Chambers grinned. “I slept like a baby, and it is a wonderful morning.”
Banister’s eyes widened. “What’s got you looking like the cat that ate the fat canary?”
Chambers ignored the question. He looked at the forward viewscreen and saw the ships of the fleet forming up for their approach to Saturn. The New Republic vessels took up positions flanking the federal fleet. “I take it that we’ve received permission from Saturn spacedock to enter Saturn’s orbit?”
Banister nodded. “Yes indeed. We received orders from the admiral. We’ll make one orbit around the planet and use her gravity to send us on our way out of here. Stop avoiding my question. What’s got you in such a good mood?”
Chambers grinned. “I asked Nicole to marry me last night.”
Bannister slumped down in his chair. He gripped the chair's arms with his hands and his bottom jaw dropped. “Good Lord. I almost fell out of my chair. It shocked the shit out of me when you quit playing the field and settled for one woman. But I never thought I would see the day that you would want to get married. What did she say?”
Chambers blushed. “She said yes, of course.”
Banister reached over and laid his hand on the captain’s shoulder. “What did the admiral have to say? It’s kind of frowned upon for its officers to marry. Seeing how much we’re away from Earth.”
“He gave us his blessing. The REGs are up for review. Because of the duration of this mission, the admiral signed a waiver. He said that there’s a move underway to abolish the ban completely.”
Banister smiled. “When will this glorious event take place?”
Chambers’ shrugged. “We haven’t set the date yet. I’ve left that up to Nicole.”
Bannister slapped Captain Chambers on the back. “I hope you will do me the honor of letting me, be your best man.”
Chambers smiled. “I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
“Good. I’ll buy the drinks at the officers’ pub when our shift is over. We have some celebrating to do.”
“Captain, we’re cleared for our approach to Saturn,” the communications officer said.
The captain glanced at his helmsman. “Mr. Walker, let’s take a cruise around the neighborhood and set a course for Uranus. What the hell. Let’s go see Neptune as well.” The deep-space fleet entered Saturn’s orbit. It increased speed taking one revolution around the planet. Breaking orbit they head for the outer reaches of the solar system.
Chambers and Bannister entered the officers’ pub at sixteen hundred hours ship time. They crossed the crowded barroom and took a seat at their usual table. The sound of a dozen conversations and the smell of alcohol wafted across the room. Bannister motioned to the nearest waitress, and she sashayed over to take their order. They breathed in the strong fragrance of her cheap perfume.
“What can I get for gentlemen?” the waitress asked shooting them each a smile.
Banister grinned. “The captain and I are in the mood to do some celebrating. We’ll have our usual. A Jack and Coke for the captain and a Scotch on the rocks for me.” The waitress swished away shaking her ample behind. “What possessed you to pop the question?”
Chambers paused for a moment. “I don’t know. Nicole is different. I’ve never met anyone like her before.”
“This calls for a toast. To a wonderful life.” They raised their glasses in a toast. “But don’t you think you’ll miss not being with any other woman? You're used to having more than your share.”
“No. I had my share of women, but none that I cared for until now. Nicole’s special.”
“She has to be, to land an old boy like you. I wish you a long happy married life,” Banister said when the waitress came back with their drinks.
Chambers smiled at the waitress. “Serve a, round to everyone in the pub including all the bartenders and waitresses. I’m buying.”
“Thank you, Captain.” The waitress went back to the bar and a cheer went up when the pub’s patrons received the news of their free drinks.
Captain Chambers drummed his fingers on the tabletop. “I’m glad we’re heading out beyond New Republic space. The last three months have been boring. The admiral will schedule a few more training events.”
“I’m getting tired of slowing down for these training scenarios. I’m looking forward to leaving this solar system behind. Out there in the galaxy, that’s where the real excitement lies.”
“Yeah, but the training is important. We don’t know what to expect once we get out there. The training makes us more prepared.”
Bannister nodded, glancing at the viewscreen behind the bar. A Solar One News bulletin flashed across the screen. The image of a female newscaster in an EVA suit appeared. She stood in front of the federal military installation on Europa. Chambers looked up and motioned to the bartender. “Would you turn that up please?” The bartender nodded and turned up the volume.
“Citizens of the CEU. I’m here at the new federal base on Europa. The federal forces suffered a minor setback this morning. They tried to make a frontal assault on mining site, A, the seat of government of this so-called New Republic. A company of federal forces approaching the mining colony walked into an ambush. They suffered minor casualties. The Council of Economic Unions called an emergency meeting to discuss the matter. The federal forces, for now, have pulled back to their base camp. This crisis, which has drug on for at least six months, appears nowhere near a resolution. With the fleet running low on helium three and hydrogen, they’d better get something done soon. I am Christy Bower with Solar One News.”
“I can’t believe they finally got off their ass and did something,” Bannister said.
Chambers nodded. “You know that if the news is calling it a minor setback, it had to be a lot worse than that. Solar One caters to the party line.”
“I’d say they lost at least a company of marines. A minor scrimmage wouldn’t have even made the news.”
“It’s unbelievable that this is even happening at all, but these miners out in the colonies are a tough lot. Things will get a lot worse before they get better. Who knows what the political realities will be when we come back from our mission?”
“If we come back. But you’re right. Either way, it goes, the ice on Europa is going to turn red with blood.”
Chambers nodded in agreement. He motioned to the waitress and bought the next round. They drank for the next six hours, and then stumbled off to their separate cabins.
***
Chambers gazed out at a sea of faces gathered in the main assembly hall at the Fleet Marine’s HQ. A sense of pride shot through him. Eager young officer cadets jumped to their feet. The political realities in the solar system were changing rapidly. Their mission remained the same. Who knows what these young officers will find out there in the galaxy? And who knows how things will be when we get home?
They had been in space for over a year. The fleet was making its approach to Uranus. They would stop here to unload a science team that would establish a science station. It would be a prelude to colonization. The past three months since leaving Saturn had been busy. Nicole was preparing for their wedding and Chambers couldn’t believe that he could be this happy. The situation on Europa was at a stalemate. When they left Saturn, the New Republic vessels turned back.
Two weeks after leaving Saturn, the admiral transmitted orders. He announced a new training event and transmitted a computer program to each ship where. A computer simulation would run where the ships would deal with an enemy attack. There would be a simulated hull breach and a meltdown in the ship’s cold fusion reactor. Chambers sat in the captain’s chair next to Bannister the day they ran the simulation. He flipped on the com-unit on his console and spoke into the ship’s PA system. “Training event six five seven will begin in five seconds. On my mark, five, four, three, two, one. All hands report to battle stations.” The image of several evil-looking space ships filled the screen. “Bring the shields up and fire laser cannons,” the captain said to his weapons specialist. Arcs of laser fire filled the screen, green beams of light arched from the enemy ships to the Port Royal.
“They’re firing torpedoes!” the weapons specialist yelled. The captain gripped the arms of his chair. Sweat beaded up, on his forehead. The bridge shook and a massive simulated torpedo barrage hit the ship. “Captain! Our shields are down and we have hull breaches on levels, five, six, and seven!”
“Return fire!” Chambers said and turned to the helmsmen. “Take evasive action! Make a forty-five-degree turn to the port side at a thirty-degree down angle!” Chambers turned to his engineering specialist. “Mr. Reynolds. Evacuate decks five, six, and seven. Seal off all sections venting atmosphere.” He let out a slow breath trying to calm his nerves. This is only a drill. The com-link on Chambers’ console beeped. He flipped a toggle and took the call. “Report.”
“Captain. The fusion reactor shut down. We’re dead in space. I have all essential systems running on, backup power,” the chief engineer said.
“Shut down everything nonessential. Keep me appraised.” The captain’s console beeped once more. “Report.”
“Captain. This is sickbay. We are, flooded with simulated casualties,” the chief medical officer said.
“Yeah. I suspected that the admiral might have contacted some of our shipmates on the sly. He must have given them orders to roll play as casualties. Treat them as if they were the real deal.”
“Aye Captain. This is good training for my medical personnel. Sickbay out.”
The exercise lasted for eight hours. The engineering found a computer glitch that shut down the reactor. All systems returned to normal. Chambers left the bridge. He headed to his conference room and logged onto the VID-net and sat waiting for the admiral to grade their performance during the drill. A text message scrolled across his screen ten minutes later. The captain read the message and sent a text message back to the admiral thanking him for his praise. He logged off the computer and stepped onto the bridge. Chambers sat down in the captain’s chair and activated the ship’s PA system. “Ladies and gentlemen serving on the Port Royal. I would like to congratulate you on your performance during the recent drill. The admiral gave us a ninety-eight point five performance rating. You people make me proud. Keep up the good work.”
Bannister swiveled in his chair to face the captain and a big grin crossed his face. “Now that sounds like a good reason to celebrate. It’s almost time for us to turn this dog and pony show over to the second watch. I’ll buy the first round at the pub.”
“Good. I could use a stiff drink, but I only have time for a couple. Nicole and I have a late dinner planned. She has some things she wants to go over about our upcoming wedding.”
***
Chambers’ mind danced back to the present. He stepped up to the podium watching the cadets jump to attention. He couldn’t help but admire the snap, in their step and the flash in their eyes. These men look proud. “As you were.” The cadets sat down, the captain looked out at the assembled marines, sailors, and airmen. “Ladies and gentlemen. We have been in space for a year now. It has been a rough class. You’ve put in a lot of hard work, but today you are cadets no longer. Today you become officers in the Federal Defense Force. You are the cream of the crop. The best of the best. I have spoken with the admiral and he has decided to expand these training classes across the fleet for the duration of our mission. The next class should be much larger. We face a daunting mission. In the words of one of the old regime's former science fiction shows, we plan to boldly go where no man has gone before. You are the pride of the federal system. Who knows what we'll find out there in the galaxy? I hope for new friends. But we could find new foes.”
The captain paused to clear his throat and continued. “Some of us might not make it back, but I know this; that you will do whatever it takes to complete our mission. If we die out here, it will be in the presence of brothers. What more could a military man ask for? But we will complete our mission. We will return to Earth as heroes: the pioneers who opened up the galaxy to the people of Earth. It is an honor to be your captain.”
Chambers stepped back away from the podium. Commander Dawson, the Fleet Marine commander, stepped up to the microphone. “Step forward when I call your name to receive your diploma and your second lieutenant bars.” When the new officers filed by to receive their diplomas, Chambers stood next to Dawson. He gave them each a salute and shook hands with the new officers.
Louis Martin stepped up to Chambers. He fired off a snappy salute and Captain Chambers smiled. “How’s the leg, Mr. Martin?”
Louis grinned. “It’s healed wonderfully, Captain. Thank you for asking.”
Chambers laid a friendly hand on his shoulder. “I trust that if the gravity generator should go out again, you won’t repeat that same mistake.”
Louis smiled. “No sir, I won’t make that mistake again, but I can’t promise that I won’t get involved in some other sort of bloody foolishness. It’s my nature, sir.”
Chambers laughed. “Yeah. I expect that it is. You remind me of myself in that way. Good luck, Lieutenant Martin.”
“Same to you, sir,” Louis said and shook hands with the captain. The marine cadets received their commissions. A naval commander stepped up to the podium. He handed out the graduation certificates and rank insignias to the cadets from the Navy. A commander from the Air Force stepped up to the podium. He handed out certificates and the rank insignias to the airmen cadets. After the graduation ceremony, they held a banquette honoring the new officers.
***
Three days later, the fleet entered orbit around Uranus. Several ships launched shuttle flights to the surface of Uranus and her moons. Cargo vessels descended to the ground of the various moons. The science officers were the first to set their feet on the planet’s moons. They were there to supervise the construction of their habitats and science labs. Chambers and Bannister headed down the main corridor.
“Would you care to take a jaunt down to the surface of Titania?” Chambers asked. “I’d like to check and see how our construction crews are doing.”
Bannister shrugged. “Why not? It’s been a while since I set my dogs on solid ground. It’s also been a hell of a long time since I did any serious EVA work. I don't know if I still remember how to use the suit?”
Chambers slapped his first officer on the back. “It’s like riding a hoverbike back home. Once you learn, you don’t forget.”
They went down to the turbo lift and rode the lift to the shuttle bay. Fifteen minutes later, with Chambers at the helm, they shot down the launch tube and out to space. They descended toward the surface of Titania and flew in low over the surface. The cratered landscape consisted of a mixture of water ice, and rock. Some of the craters contained pools of liquid methane gas at their bottoms. They passed over several small valleys. Chambers set the shuttle down one hundred yards from the construction site. Work lights lit up the surface of Titania. Construction crews assembled prefabricated science labs and living modules. Chambers and Bannister put on their EVA suits, checked their seals along with their air supply, and headed to the airlock. Chambers passed through the airlock. He stepped out of the exit hatch, lumbered down the exit ramp. Banister followed. They crossed a rocky surface covered with a thick layer of ice. Chambers gazed about watching the progress. Bannister looked out across the moon’s surface taking in the surrounding countryside. Feeling a slight chill, Chambers adjusted the temperature setting on his EVA suit.
“This sure is a God-forsaken hunk of ice,” Bannister said. His voice reverberated through the speaker in the captain’s EVA suit.
Chambers nodded. “Yeah, it’s barren, but there is beauty in its ruggedness.”
The NCO in command of the construction detail sauntered their way. “Do you hooligans plan on lending a hand, or are you going to stand there looking?” the sergeant said in a strong Irish brogue.
Chambers laughed. “We’ll lend a hand. Tell us what you want us to do?”
The top sergeant fired off a snappy salute. “I’m sorry sir. I didn’t recognize you in your EVA gear. Please accept my apologies. That goes for you too, Mr. Bannister.”
“Think nothing of it.”
The captain laid a hand on the sergeant’s back. “I thought we’d check up and see how things are coming. It’s been a long time since Craig and I did any EVA work.”
“Things are coming along. We’ve got the living modules set up. The oxygen pumps and gravity generators are online. We’re setting up their science labs now.”
“How soon until you’re through?” Chambers asked.
“We should wrap things up and be back onboard the ship in eight hours.”
“Good. Keep up the good work.”
“Seen enough?” Bannister asked, looking across the barren landscape.
“Yeah. Let’s head back to the ship.”
Twelve hours later, Chambers and Bannister stepped into the officers’ pub. They took their usual table and Chambers bought the first round of drinks. On the viewscreen behind the bar, the image of a Solar One Newscaster appeared on the screen. The words: Breaking News appeared over the woman’s head.
“We’ve received unconfirmed reports of a major setback for federal forces on Europa. But the Council of Economic Unions has imposed a total news blackout. When we know more, you’ll hear if first here on Solar One News.”
“Now that sounded scary,” Bannister said.
Chambers sighed. “Yeah. It makes you wonder what kind of world we’ll come back to when the mission is over.” The tiny com-link on the lapel of Chambers’ uniform beeped. “Chambers here.”
“Captain, the construction crews have left the moons of Uranus. We received word from the admiral. We’re breaking orbit, now sir,” the third watch communications officer said.
Chambers grinned. “Now that is good news. I’ll be in my quarters if you need me.” Chambers stood to his feet to call it a night. The deep-space fleet broke orbit with Uranus and headed toward the outer edges of the solar system.
***




Chapter 22

Sergeant Erin Cassidy looked over at his gunner sitting next to him in a New Republic main battle tank. “What do you think, Rainford? Do you think the federal boys want to come out and play?” The smell of sweat filled the interior of the vehicle.
“They seem content to sit with their thumbs up their ass.”
Cassidy switched on the night vision scope mounted on the roof of the vehicle. The icy surface of Europa turned green. “I see a few tanks moving about inside the wire. Fire a couple of rounds.”
Rainford fired the main gun. The tank rocked backward. Artillery rounds exploded inside the federal compound. A plume of ice particles flew into space. Two more New Republic main battle tanks pulled up on the icy ridge flanking Sergeant Cassidy’s tank. Each tank fired off several rounds with their main guns. They opened up with their laser cannons lighting up the night with arcs of blue laser fire. After the federals took the Jupiter spacedock, they landed troops on Europa and established a base to the west of the mining colony. The New Republic tanks and snipers made the federal troops' lives miserable. The federal troops built up their defensive perimeter and set up living modules. Snipers shot a few troops stringing wire and a few troops building gunrooms on the perimeter. Admiral Kesler’s fleet launched hit and run attacks on the federal fleet. On several occasions, they swept down over the moon, attacking the base. The federal troops seemed content to sit guarding the perimeter. All the while, the federal shuttles unloaded men and equipment.
“They’re coming through the wire,” Cassidy said and swung his tank around. Tiny pieces of ice flew up in the vehicle’s wake. Cassidy’s heart pounded inside his chest and he felt an adrenalin rush. The other New Republic tanks followed. Pretending to flee, they tried to lure the federal troops into an ambush. Five federal main battle tanks charged over the earthworks surrounding the base. They fired several rounds at the New Republic tanks, but soon gave up the chase and headed back to base. “God, what do we have to do to get these boys to come out and fight?” Cassidy asked, slamming his fist down on the vehicle’s steering wheel in frustration.
Corporal Rainford shrugged. “We need to hit them harder and more often. We need to interrupt their sleep patterns and get them pissed off.”
Cassidy nodded. “We need to do something. The present strategy isn’t working. We’d better ratchet it up a notch. I’ll bring it up at the morning briefing.” Cassidy headed back to the safety of Camp Bravo.
***
Shawn Gallagher sat in com center deep in the bowels of mining site A-. He looked over the top of the VID screen at his assembled cabinet members breathing in the smell of sweat. A cloud of tobacco smoke floated across the table. His HQ held none of the creature comforts of his office complex on the top floor of the mining complex. Shawn’s security personnel told him that it was a much safe location. Shawn gazed around the room taking in his cabinet members. Ludwig Von Wolf sat across from him. Shawn’s gaze stopped on Holliday. “Jerry, what’s taking them so long? Why haven’t the federals, attacked the colony? It’s been at least a month and a half since they established a base on Europa.”
Holliday shrugged, clinching a cigar between his teeth. “They’re waiting on approval from the Council of Economic Unions. But it all hinges on Cyrus Bonelli. If Cyrus tells them to move, they’ll move. In the meantime, they’re building their forces.”
Shawn sighed and took a drink of whisky from a glass tumbler. “What about our escape plan?”
Holliday laughed. “The awe shit plan? It’s sitting on go.”
Shawn nodded. “And that other matter?”
Holliday blew tobacco smoke across the room. “He’s in space now. They should arrive in a month and a half. He took a laser bolt in the initial action, but he’s okay. Our people on Mars have an excellent medical staff.”
When Shawn heard of his brother's injuries, his face turned grave, but he shook it off and turned to Ludwig. “Mr. Wolf you are here representing Admiral Kesler. What is the condition of the fleet?”
Ludwig looked up. “The fleet is good. We have repaired the broken vessels. Gustav is ready to assist when necessary.” Ludwig’s German accent became more pronounced when he was nervous. When he calmed down, his English was impeccable.
“And what about your secret weapon?” Shawn asked.
“The antimatter torpedoes? My scientist produced enough torpedoes to equip each ship with two torpedoes each. Antimatter is a scarce commodity. We will launch a shuttle to deliver them to the fleet in the asteroid belt at twenty-three hundred hours.”
Shawn nodded and turned Wilson. “John, what is this new strategy I’m hearing about?”
Wilson shifted his weight in his chair. “We’re assembling more tanks at Camp Bravo. Plus we're bringing in some troop carriers and ground troops. We’re going to ratchet up the pressure on the federal base to see if we can get them to come out and fight. Once we lure them to the ambush sites, we can destroy them, but if they won’t come out and fight, we’re stuck. We’re thinking of a combined assault using main battle tanks and ground forces. The troops occupying the ground positions defending the colony are in place. There’s nothing for them to do but wait.”
Shawn nodded. “How long until you launch this attack?”
“We’ll start by increasing the harassment fire with tanks and snipers while we beef up our forces. It all depends on the federals. When they’re ready for a fight, we’ll give them one.”
After the Intelligence, briefing his cabinet members left his cramped little war room. Shawn took out a bottle of Scotch whiskey and poured himself another drink. He accessed the surface cameras monitoring the surface and zoomed in on the federal base.
***
Sergeant Erin Cassidy studied the federal compound looking down from the ridgeline overlooking the encampment. They had beefed up the pressure on the base for the last month and a half. Snipers took potshots at the federal positions round the clock. Main battle tanks lobbed artillery fire from the ridgeline to the west. The military colonel in charge of Camp Bravo used the time to build his forces. They spent the time training for the attack. Troop carriers unloaded two companies of troops to the north of the base. At the same time, a company of main battle tanks took up positions on the ridgeline to the west. Silence wafted across the surface. Cassidy looked at his wristwatch. The luminescent digital readout glowed bright green in the dark interior of the tank. A chill shot down his spine, so he turned up the interior heater.
“Well my brother,” Cassidy said to Rainford. “The time is twenty-three hundred hours. It’s time to lob some rockets up the federal’s anal orifice.”
“Roger that. Those boys are going to be sorry that they set foot on Europa.” He sighted in and fired the tank’s main gun. A few seconds later, up and down the line, New Republic main battle tanks opened up. Explosions erupted inside the base’s defensive perimeter, sending ice particles into space. Off to the northeast, tracer rounds arched into the compound. Cassidy put the shifter into a forward gear. They descended the icy slope heading closer to the federal perimeter. Tanks to his left and right moved in concert.
In space above Europa, several blips of light moved about. Green laser flashes lit up the night and a small space cruiser came in low and fast over the surface. Several larger vessels followed it in. After a bit, they pulled up in an abrupt turn and headed toward the asteroid belt.
“That light cruiser is coming in hot. It looks like one of ours,” Cassidy said.
Rainford looked at the tank’s computer screen. “I’ll bet that was some of Kesler’s boys running escort service from the asteroid belt.”
They stopped five hundred yards out from the federal base and fired another salvo. On the move again, Cassidy led the attack. One hundred yards out, he brought his tank to a screeching halt. The entire company fired one last salvo with their main guns.
“Break off! Break off! The chickens have left the roost!” Cassidy yelled into the vehicle's com-unit. Main battle tanks and troop carriers flowed over the earthworks surrounding the base. Cassidy spun his tank around heading to the northwest. The other New Republic tanks followed. They formed up in columns of two with the federal forces in hot pursuit.
***
Colonel Galloway, Commander of the New Republic Ground forces, sat on top of his half-track and studied the base to the south. He activated the night vision feature on his EVA suit and enhanced the zoom setting. The federal base zoomed in; he saw several bright flashes to the southwest and the red streak of rocket fire. Massive explosions erupted inside the wire. Bits and pieces of ice and other debris formed a cloud over the federal base.
“Let’s go! Move! Move! Move!” Galloway yelled into his com-link. The New Republic ground forces rose to their feet and charged forward. They opened up with their laser carbines and M-23 Blasters. Tracer fire lit up the night. The Federal Marines guarding the perimeter returned fire. A mortar team hiding behind the icy knoll opened up. They walked mortars into the federal positions. Colonel Galloway watched. He let the attack continue until his men had almost reached the outer perimeter. He spoke into his com-link.
“Break off! Break off! Make them come to us!” The New Republic ground forces performed an orderly retreat. They headed back to their staging area. Boarding troop carriers, they joined the New Republic tank column heading northwest. The federal forces followed.
Cassidy led the convoy into a series of narrow ravines to where the New Republic ground forces waited. They manned the fighting positions dug into both sides of the canyon’s walls near the rim. Cassidy increased his speed making sure that the entire convoy made it through the kill zone. He kept one eye on his radar screen showing the position of the federal forces. When the infantry vehicles cleared the kill zone, Cassidy switched on his com-unit. “Joy Rider to base. The fox is in the henhouse.”
The New Republic forces received the code phrase. A soldier flipped a toggle switch on a remote control detonator and a massive explosion lit up the night. The walls of the canyon in front of the federal forces collapsed. The explosion filled the canyon with large chunks of ice. A soldier on the south end of the kill zone flipped the toggle on his detonator. The explosion collapsed the canyon to the south. The New Republic ground forces rained down fiery death from above.
Rocket teams took out the federal main battle tanks first. Laser fire lit up the night and the federal troops fled their vehicles seeking cover in the canyon’s bottom. The New Republic forces racked the federal convoy with their M-23 blasters. Machine gunners opened up with fifty caliber machineguns. The icy bottom of the canyon turned red with blood. When the gunfire tapered off, the federal convoy lay in a smoking ruin. Bodies littered the canyon floor.
Colonel Galloway sat in the command center at Camp Bravo. He watched the battle unfold on his computer screen and flipped on his com-unit. “Let’s go people! Mop it up! I don’t want one of those federal bastards left alive when we’re through! Kill them all! I want the federal brass to think twice before launching another attack!”
New Republic ground forces repelled down into the canyon. They dispatched the wounded federal troops where they lay and set charges on the burned-out vehicles. Their business finished, they returned to base. The smoldering hulks that had once been main battle tanks littered the canyon floor. Silence wafted across the battlefield.
***
Shawn watched the battle unfold on his VID screen. He took in the destruction of the federal convoy in, real-time provided by the surface cameras and took in the view provided by the helmet cams mounted to the helmets of the New Republic soldiers. Shawn listened to the com-net and received field reports from Colonel Galloway. His com-unit beeped. He flipped the toggle. “Gallagher here.”
“Mr. President. I trust you saw that small cruiser coming in shortly after the engagement started?” Holliday asked.
“Yeah. I saw it. They came in low and quiet without saying anything over the com-net. Who were they?”
“That was our Special Forces team back from Mars. Your brother is with the detainees. We’ve set him up with his private quarters and he is under guard for now. His status might change after you have a chance to talk with him, but for now, I have my security people watching him.”
A big grin crossed Shawn’s face. “Good. I’m glad they arrived safely. I was afraid they wouldn’t be able to make it through the federal blockade.”
“Admiral Kesler sent a few ships out from the asteroid belt to give the federal boys other things to worry about.”
“Tell the admiral I said thanks for the help. Never mind, I’ll contact him myself after I’ve had a chance to speak with my brother. Thank you, Jerry. You don’t know how much this means to me.” Shawn ended the transmission, switched the channel on his com-unit, and contacted his personnel security detail.
“Can I help you Mr. President?” the man standing guard at his door said when the com-unit on the lapel of his uniform beeped.
“My brother has arrived on Europa. They’re holding him with the detainees. Get the team together. I want to go see him.”
“We’ll be ready to roll in five minutes, Mr. President.”
“Good. I’ll meet you in the main corridor.” Shawn cut the transmission, stepped through a side door, entered his quarters, and changed clothes. A few minutes later he stepped out the door to meet his security detail. One of his bodyguards opened the back door of a small hovercraft. Shawn stepped into the back and two guards climbed in on each side of him. Another climbed in the front seat sitting next to the driver. The driver sped forward heading down the main corridor and pulled into a large turbo lift. The lift they used was, built to take larger vehicles from one level of the mining facility to another. They rode the lift up five levels, the doors opened; the driver exited the lift and turned left. They traveled for twenty minutes before reaching the stockade. Before their take over, Consolidated Security used the stockade to house unruly miners. The driver pulled over next to the curb, the guard on Shawn’s right opened the door and stepped out. After taking a quick look around, he held the door open. Shawn stepped out of the vehicle and Holliday stood in front of the stockade waiting.
“I wanted to prepare you, Mr. President, before you go in there and see your brother. He’s not being very cooperative. He’s only giving us his name, rank, and serial number. We have him in one of the living quarters near where we’re keeping the other detainees. For now, he’s under house arrest.”
Shawn nodded. “I was hoping that once he arrived, I'd be able to talk some sense into him. I hoped that he would join us. We could use him in our military.”
“Good luck with that, Mr. President.” Holliday led Shawn, flanked by his security detail, through the stockade to a room in the housing area.
Shawn looked at the head of his security detail. “I’d like to go in alone.”
A grave look crossed the face of the head of his security detail. “All right, Mr. President, but if you need us, tap the com-link on your lapel and we’ll be right there.”
“He’s not going to attack me. He’s my brother, not some psycho killer.”
His security chief shrugged. “He’s a Federal Marine.”
Shawn entered the room and saw David lying on a feather bed reading a magazine. With his back against the wall, he had his feet propped up on a small table that was set next to the bed. When he saw Shawn enter the room, a scowl crossed his face and he jumped to his feet. Ignoring the scowl, Shawn grinned. He crossed the room and threw his arms around his brother giving him a massive bear hug. David flinched and didn’t return the embrace so Shawn turned him loose and stepped back.
“David. I’m so glad to see you. You look great. We’ve got so much to catch up on.”
David’s scowl deepened. “Why did you bring me here?”
“I thought I could convince you to join us. We could use a good soldier.”
David shook his head and a disgusted look crossed his face. “What makes you think I would want to join a bunch of treasonous whiners and malcontents like you?”
Shawn sighed, trying to swallow the lump in his throat. “I was hoping that you’d be able to see through the bull shit that the council spews. We’re not traitors. We’re tired of being slaves to the Council of Economic Unions. What we’ve formed here on Europa is a new country. A free country where every man has a say.”
David laughed. “You might as well save your breath. Do you know what kind of trouble you’ve caused me? Do you know what it’s like to be the famous traitor’s brother?”
“For that I’m sorry. But if you’ll look past the crap they taught you in school, you’ll see that the federal system is oppressive. I heard that you wanted to go to robotics school. What gives them the right to say you can’t because of your genetics? Do you remember the block captain who lived up the street from us? The one whose job it was to tattle on those who appeared to be subversive? Remember when they took away the Clark family that lived next door?” Shawn sat down on the bed across from David; David found a chair.
“I bet they were subversive. I know they were weird and believed in some hokey religion.”
“Here on Europa, we have the freedom to believe in whatever religion we want. Or we’re free not to believe.” Shawn raised his hand into the air so David could see the scar on his wrist. “And what about that biochip you have in your wrist? What gives them the right to keep track of your every move? What gives them the right to tell you that you can’t have a bank account, hold down a job or do anything without their chip?”
David’s eyes widened. “There has to be some kind of rules.”
“Rules yes. Oppression, no. It is the job of the people to make the rules to govern themselves. Not some fat cat sitting on the council who answers to no one.” Shawn stood up and set some papers on the table setting next to David’s bed. “When you get a chance, give these a read. This is the Declaration of Independence. This other document is the Constitution of the former United States of America. Also, there’s our own Constitution and declaration. Read these and we’ll talk again.” Shawn headed for the door but paused for a moment. “Is there anything I can get for you?”
David rose to his feet. “Yeah. You can do one thing for me. You can consider me a prisoner of war and move me in with the rest of your detainees. Beyond that leave me alone.”
A hurt look crossed Shawn’s face, but he covered it with a friendly smile. “All right. If that’s the way you want it, I’ll see to it that the guards move you into the detention center when I leave. Is there anything else?”
David paused for a moment. “I wouldn’t mind a chessboard. Maybe there’s somebody in the detention center that knows how to play.”
Shawn nodded. “I’ll see that you get one. The detainees already have several boards and hold tournaments. I’ll see that you get one of your own.” Shawn left the room and had Holliday see to it that the guards moved David in with the rest of the detainees. The next morning he came back with a chessboard and insisted that David join him for a game. Shawn expected the federals to launch a major attack. So far, it had yet to materialize.
***
One afternoon Holliday joined Shawn in his quarters for a drink. They sat in front of the viewscreen on his video net and watched the federal encampment through the surface cameras. “Why haven’t those federal bastards attacked us?” Shawn asked and downed a shot of whiskey. In a fit of rage, he threw the shot glass at the video screen shattering it into tiny pieces.
“My aren’t we in a sure mood?” Jerry laughed.
Shawn sighed and sat back down in his chair. “I’m tired of us sitting here on our ass waiting for the hammer to drop.”
Holliday shrugged, fired up a cigar and the smell of tobacco floated across the room. “They’re waiting for the bureaucrats serving on the Council of Economic Unions to give the okay.”
“Those SOBs can’t even fart unless they have a consensus.” Holliday laughed.
When Shawn showed up at the detention center with the chessboard, David acted surely and didn’t want to play. Eventually, he lightened up and they became reacquainted. A bond of friendship formed. They rarely disagreed unless the conversation drifted toward politics.
Two and a half months passed and still, the federals hadn’t launched an attack. They continued to beef up their forces, yet rarely ventured out of their base on Europa. Things seemed peaceful. Shawn figured that it was the calm before the storm and when the storm hit; it would hit like a category five hurricane.
***
Cyrus Bonelli stood in front of his video screen seething with anger. The image of Colonel Austen Barrow filled the screen. The man’s face looked haggard. Bonelli noticed the crow’s feet at the corner of the man’s tired gray eyes and his slumped shoulders.
“What I’d like to know is how you let a company of federal forces get lured into an ambush and destroyed!” Bonelli roared. “Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t have you court marshaled and shot?”
A muscle in the colonel’s face twitched. “Mr. President. They were constantly bombarding us with harassment fire. I had no idea that their defensive positions were so elaborate. All the approaches to the colony are either mined or booby-trapped. One of my officers became overzealous and let them lure him into a trap. It won’t happen again.”
“Colonel. I want you to attack! I want you to take the main colony and bring this thing to a conclusion!”
The colonel sighed in despair. “With all due respect, sir, you are under impeachment hearings. I’ll need the order verification code from the Council of Economic Unions first. At any rate, we need to beef up our forces and plan the attack.”
A sharp pain shot across Bonelli’s chest. “God damn the council! I am the president! You’ll move on, my orders! I’ll see that you get the men and equipment! Coordinate your attack with Admiral Delacroix!” Bonelli yelled and ended the transmission. He sent a video transmission to Admiral Delacroix marked urgent. The tired features of Admiral Delacroix filled the screen. “Admiral. I discussed this fiasco on Europa with Colonel Barrow. I ordered him to coordinate an assault on the main colony with you. I want this situation resolved.”
Delacroix paused. “Mr. President. No one wants this situation to be over more than I. I can assure you that we will give Colonel Barrow all the help he needs. If you will send the mission verification codes, we’ll get it done.”
Bonelli’s fists clenched at his sides. “I’ll get your God damned codes, but you take your orders from me! I’ll have both you and Colonel Bowers relieved of command! The nerve of those spineless bastards! They voted to bring me up on charges!”
“All the more reason to get the proper authorization. In the meantime, we’ll bolster our forces and plan the attack.”
“You do that! I’ll get your God damned authorization codes!”
***
When the attack came, it came from space. Several light frigates swept in low over the ground. They dropped bunker-busting bombs followed by napalm that incinerated the New Republic forces on the surface. The next wave dropped cluster bombs. While the frigates continued the bombardment, they also provided air cover for their ground troops. Shuttle after shuttle unloaded Fleet Marines inside the perimeter of the colony. The federal forces garrisoned at the base to the south of the colony stood in reserve.
The first to land formed a perimeter and provided cover for the shuttles ferrying marines to the battle. After the marines landed, the frigates launched laser-guided missiles on the defensive positions ringing mining site A. The New Republic forces guarding mining site A put up a hard fight but they couldn’t keep the federal forces at bay. A handful of survivors managed to flee into the mining facility.
President Gallagher sat at his desk in the command center discussing something over the VID-net with his vice president. The alert sounded and his com-unit beeped. “Gallagher here,” he said, trying to keep his voice steady.
“Mr. President. The federals have launched the attack. They’re using bunker busters and napalm. They are landing troops at our doorstep. We need to get you out of here,” Holliday said. “I’ve coordinated the evacuation with your security chief. My people on the surface tell me that the federals are about to breach the facility. We have little time.”
Shawn’s heart hammered inside his chest; his breathing accelerated. “Okay. We knew it would come to this. I guess it’s time to launch the awe-shit plan. I want the detainees moved first. I want my brother moved with the first group.”
“Roger that Mr. President. I’ll see you over at site D.”
Shawn’s com-unit beeped again. “Gallagher.”
“Mr. President we need to move,” Shawn’s head of security said.
“I’ll be right out.” Shawn flipped off the com-unit, grabbed his briefcase, and stepped out into the main corridor. His security team hustled him into his hovercar. They sped off heading to the nearest, turbo lift. The New Republic forces inside mining site A held a running gun battle with the Federal Marines. Their goal was to buy time for the rest of the force to evacuate. Laser fire lit up the corridors. The federal forces moved deeper into the mine trying to gain control of the facility.
Shawn rode the lift down into the core of Europa. His vice president and cabinet members rode with him. The descent took over a half-hour. The lift reached the bottom of the mine, the doors opened and they stepped out onto a metal platform. Artificial lighting lit up a vast underground cavern. Shawn stepped off the platform onto a dock and stared out at a vast ocean surrounding Europa’s mutant core. Five large submersible vessels floated next to the dock and Holliday stood in front of one of the submarines.
Holliday took his arm. “This way Mr. President.”
Shawn balked. “What about the detainees? What about my brother?
“We've already moved them. We need to get you away from here now.”
Shawn climbed up the ladder and entered the submarine. His vice president and cabinet members followed. Holliday stayed on the dock supervising the evacuation. Men streamed out of the turbo lifts. Some were miners and others military personnel. They entered the submarines. The submarines submerged leaving the docks. Others returned to pick up more passengers. The Special Forces teams stormed out of the turbo lifts. The Federal Marines were hot on their tail. Holliday showed them to the last submarine. His foot was the last to step off the dock. He climbed the ladder to enter the last submarine. A squad of Federal Marines stormed out of the turbo lift firing at him with laser carbines. Holliday felt a laser bolt burn past his face when he ducked into the hatch. He sealed the hatch, took a remote control detonator from his pocket, and pressed a red button. The submarine submerged. A massive explosion erupted, setting off charges throughout the mining facility. It caused a chain reaction of explosions throughout the mine. Level by level, the charges went off. Mining site A collapsed and the surface buildings fell into the deluge. Its collapse sealed the federal invaders into an icy tomb.
***




Chapter 23

Alonzo Garcia stood in his dress blues with his back ramrod straight. The officers’ training course was long and brutal. Alonzo persevered and now, he stepped out of his seat and made his way to the stage. A sense of pride shot through him and a big grin crossed his face. Stepping up onto the stage, he shook hands with Commander Dawson. He received his diploma, stepped up to Captain Chambers, and fired off a salute. Chambers returned the salute.
“Congratulations Mr. Garcia. It’s a pleasure having you aboard.” Chambers extended his hand and they shook. A big grin spread across Alonzo’s face.
“Thank you, sir. It is a pleasure serving under you.” Alonzo stepped back.
Chambers smiled. “Mr. Garcia, I know you’ll do us proud.”
“I’ll do my best, sir.” Alonzo took his seat. He watched Louis step up to the platform. When Louis stepped up to Captain Chambers, he noticed them laughing. When Louis took his seat, Alonzo leaned over and whispered, “What was that all about?”
Louis shrugged. “The old boy wanted to rib me about the time when the gravity generator went out and I broke my damned leg. The captain is a good bloke. I wouldn’t mind sitting down and having a drink with him sometime.”
Alonzo nodded. “We can do that now that we’re officers. We can drink at the officers’ pub, bro.”
“Right, I’ll buy the first round when we do.”
After the graduation ceremony, the Fleet Marines held a party for the new graduates. Alonzo and Louis entered the mess hall. They surveyed the room and headed to the food and beverage line for a beer. Alonzo stopped halfway across the mess hall. “Hey, bro. You bring the brews and I’ll go find us a table. Bring me a piece of that cake too.” The smell of tobacco smoke and freshly cooked food filled the mess hall. The buzz of conversation filled the room.
“You got it, mate. I’m in the mood to do some celebrating. Now that we’re done with that bloody class, we will have a wee bit more free time.”
Alonzo found a table next to the left bulkhead near a viewscreen. Louis came back with two beers and a piece of cake for each of them. “Now that’s what I’m talkin’ about, bro.” Alonzo dived into the cake. Louis took a swig from his beer while Alonzo took a drink of his. He glanced at the viewscreen on the right bulkhead looking at Uranus in all her glory. His eyes widened and his bottom jaw dropped.
“She’s a sight. Isn’t she mate?” Louis said.
Alonzo nodded. “Yeah. We should enter orbit in two or three days. I hear we’re dropping off a science team. They’ll probably use the Fleet Marines to help them construct the base.”
Louis shrugged. “Could you imagine it, mate? To be stuck out here so far away from home for at least a year or more. It would drive me bonkers.”
“These science guys love that shit, bro. They discover some microbe embedded in the ice and it makes their dick hard.” They finished their cake and drank another beer.
“What do you say we head down to the officers’ pub?” Louis said.
Alonzo stood to his feet. “Let’s go.” Five minutes later, they strolled into the pub as if they owned the place and took seats at the bar. The smell of beer and cigarette smoke filled the room. Captain Chambers and First Officer Bannister entered the pub. Chambers noticed them sitting at the bar, so he invited them over to their table. They sat drinking and talking for the next two hours. Alonzo and Louis bid the captain and first officer farewell and headed down to the Fleet Marine berthing deck. They packed their gear, and rode the turbo lift, up to officers’ country. Junior officers shared small cabins that accommodated four men each. They found a cabin with two empty bunks and settled in for the night.
***
Three standard earth days later, the deep space fleet entered orbit around Uranus. The Fleet Marine brass assigned Louis and Alonzo each a platoon of marines. They constructed housing modules for the new science outpost on Titania. The EVA work was hard, but they were eager to prove themselves. While on Titania, Alonzo saw a shuttle land on the other side of the compound. He watched two men in EVA suits lumber down the exit ramp, and step up to one of the marines. The three men talked for a while before the two men boarded the shuttle and it took off heading back to the ship. Alonzo lumbered over to talk with the top sergeant. He was assisting a squad erecting a living module, stood.
“Who was on that shuttle Top?” Alonzo asked.
The Irish brogue of the top sergeant came through the speakers in the helmet of Alonzo’s EVA suit. “That was our dear captain and first officer, lad. We’re lucky to have such fine officers as them.”
Alonzo nodded. “I hope that someday I could be half as good.”
“Don’t fret Lad. You're still a wee bit wet behind the ears, but you got the makings.” Sunlight stabbed across the surface of Titania. Alonzo looked out to space in the direction of Earth. A sense of unease shot through him making him feel insignificant and alone.
***
When David Gallagher boarded the light space cruiser with Captain O’Brian and his crew, O'Brien gave him the run of the ship. He said that if David promised not to cause trouble, he would make the journey to Europa as pleasant as possible. When they left Mars, several PPF vessels pursued them to the edge of the asteroid belt. Eventually, they gave up the chase. For the first three weeks at space, David cooperated. After waking one morning at zero six hundred hours ship time, David saw his chance and took it. In the galley, he saw a handheld laser in the holster of a man in the serving line. He grabbed it. Before the weapon cleared leather, five Special Forces team members pounced on him. They took him to the deck in a dog pile and restrained him with handcuffs. A sharp pain shot up his arm when they put on the handcuffs.
“Now that was stupid. Did you think we weren’t watching you?”
David shrugged, giving the man a surly grin. “I saw my chance and I took it.”
They escorted him to a small cabin, locked him in for the next two weeks, and kept him under guard. When they brought him food, three men stood guard with their guns drawn while one of them handed him his plate. At the end of two weeks, Captain O’Brian entered the small cabin to have a chat. David lay back on the bed leaning up against a bulkhead with a churlish look on his face. O'Brien sat down in a chair facing him.
“Do you think that if I allow you to have a bit more freedom you could restrain yourself? Can you try not to cause any more trouble? What did you think? That you could take on the whole crew and return to Mars?”
“It was worth a try, but yeah. I give you my word as a Fleet Marine that I won’t make another attempt at getting away until we reach Europa.”
“Well, that's something anyway.”
David stretched. “I don’t know why you people took me in the first place.”
“Your brother wants to see you. The man cares for you.”
A scowl crossed David’s face. “My brother is a worthless piece of shit. He’s dead to me.”
Anger flashed across O’Brian’s face and he stood to his feet. “Your brother is an honorable man. He’s a visionary. People follow him because they want to, not because he welds authority. He believes in freedom and cares about people. He is a good friend and it makes me angry to hear you speak of him in that way. If you say something like that again about him I'll knock you on your scrawny little ass.”
David let out a nervous laugh and held up his hands, palms out. “I see he’s got you people fooled. Why did he send you people to get me?”
O'Brien paused at the door. “He wants you to join us. We can always use good combat-trained marines. You’re his brother. He cares about you.”
David shook his head. “He’s wasting your time. I’ll never join your so-called rebellion. Your New Republic is a sham. It’s a bunch of thugs trying to get over on the system. My brother has always been a troublemaker and he always will be. I promised you that until we get to Europa, I won’t try anything. When we do get there, I want you to treat me as a prisoner of war. As such, I have to try to escape.”
“So be it. I’ll leave the door unlocked. The ship's on autopilot. My crew is in the lounge enjoying a cold beer. Come and join us if you want.” O'Brien stood to leave. David couldn’t help but wonder what hold Shawn had over these people. He joined O’Brian’s crew a few minutes later for a cold beer and true to his word; David made no further attempts to escape. During the flight, his mood was surly most of the time, but part of him enjoyed the company of Captain O’Brian and his crew.
When they exited the asteroid belt and approached Jupiter. O’Brian increased speed to full thrust. Several federal battle cruisers blockading Jupiter turned to engage them. Laser flashes ached across their bow. Ten light cruisers shot out from behind an asteroid, attacking the federal ships. David watched the engagement on a VID screen in the lounge. O'Brien increased the downward angle descending toward Europa. While they swept over the icy moon, David saw an ongoing battle on the rugged surface. Laser fire lit up the night. Main battle tanks hammered what looked like a federal base to the south of the colony. Large plumes of ice shot up into the air every time the tank fired its main gun.
When they touched down, O’Brian handed David an EVA suit. He suited up along with O’Brian and his Special Forces team. They lumbered down the exit ramp stepping onto the concrete landing pad. A security team met them and escorted David to the stockade; they set him up in temporary quarters and kept him under guard. When Shawn showed up to speak with him David’s face reddened and his hands balled into fists at his sides. He seethed with anger and contempt, but when David saw the hurt look in Shawn’s eyes, it caused a lump to form in his throat.
After they moved him in with the rest of the detainees, David found time to read the documents that Shawn gave to him. Mixed emotions shot through him. How could they trust people with such freedom? Shawn showed up the next day with a chessboard and David agreed to play a game. In the weeks and months that followed, their daily chess game became a ritual and David’s anger began to subside. He began to see what the others saw in his brother and he began to understand why they followed him. The old bond of friendship they had when they were young reformed. David tried to keep their conversations away from politics. He still didn’t believe in Shawn’s politics but he was starting to understand why his brother did the things that he did.
One morning David sat at a table playing chess with another detainee. Alarms sounded blaring throughout the facility and the stockade guards rushed in. “On your feet!” one of them yelled.
“What’s the problem?” David asked, standing to his feet.
“We’re under attack! We have to move all the detainees to a safer location!”
David grinned and a cheer went up from the detainees. “Good. Now you people will get what you deserve.”
“Shut up! Form up in columns of two!” the guard yelled. They formed up into parallel lines while more guards entered the stockade. They escorted them through the security complex and out to the main corridor. Armed soldiers ran down the hallways heading to the turbo lifts. The guards kept their M-23 Blasters trained on the detainees and escorted them to the nearest turbo lift. They rode the lift into the bowels of Europa. When David stepped out of the lift and onto a metal platform, he stopped and his eyes widened.
“Whoa. Does the federal science agency know about this? They’ve always suspected that Europa has an underground ocean surrounding its core. They’ve never been able to prove it.”
One of the guards standing nearby shook his head. “Nope. It’s our little secret. Consolidated brass never ventured down this far in the mines. The miners kept this little gym to themselves. We’ve even seen evidence of aquatic life. Now get aboard that first submersible.”
David paused, feeling a slight chill in the air, and looked out at the water. “How did you manage to build these submarines? I mean right under the nose of consolidated bosses and security?”
The guard laughed. “It helps when you have friends in supply. Sometimes, they tend to order a little too much material. Get on that sub. We don’t have much time.”
The detainees boarded the submarines. David found a seat near a porthole and once the last detainee boarded the sub, the guards sealed the hatch. David looked out the porthole on his right and the submarine descended into the abyss.
***
Louis and Alonzo sauntered down the main corridor of the Port Royal in their dress blues. They stepped into a turbo lift and rode it down to the shuttle bay. “This is going to be the biggest bash we’ve even been to, mate.”
Alonzo grinned. “I’d say. Every officer in the fleet will be there. It ain’t every day that a captain of a battlecruiser gets married. Especially while the fleet is at space.”
“I’ve never heard of it happening before, but it going to be a grand party. Captain Chambers is well-liked.”
Alonzo nodded. “That was some bachelor party last night, bro.”
“I’ll say, mate.” The doors to the turbo lift opened, they entered the reception area and waited for the next shuttle. Five minutes later, they crossed the shuttle bay, boarded a shuttle, and waited while the shuttle filled up with passengers. Three minutes later the shuttle shot down the launch tube. The Gee forces slammed them back into their seats and they shot out to space. Alonzo glanced out the porthole in the bulkhead to his right. His eyes widened taking in the view of Neptune in all her glory.
“She looks majestic, doesn’t she, mate?”
“That she does bro.”
The shuttle touched down on the CEU-Saratoga a few minutes later. The passengers disembarked heading to the chapel. Captain Chambers stood in his dress blues on ocean blue carpeting at the front of the chapel. He stood below an oak pulpit setting on a raised platform. First Officer Bannister stood next to Chambers serving as his best man. The wedding march blared out of overhead speakers. Three bridesmaids made their procession to the front of the church. Everyone rose to their feet as Here Comes the Bride played over the speakers. Nicole Allison, escorted by Admiral Larsen, made her way to the front of the chapel. She looked beautiful in her long off white wedding dress. Admiral Ivanov stepped off the platform to start the proceedings.
After the wedding, they held a reception in the flagship’s main dining hall. Alonzo and Louis enjoyed themselves, drinking their fill and dancing with any available females. They caught the last shuttle back to the Port Royal. Twelve hours later, they stepped foot on Triton. They supervised the construction of several science labs. Louis stepped up next to Alonzo. They stood watching a squad erect the walls of a prefabricated science lab.
“Mate, once we leave Neptune and fly past that little ice ball, known as Pluto, we’ll be in the great unknown. We’ll be the first men to ever leave the solar system.”
“What do you think we’ll find out there, bro?”
Louis adjusted the temperature settings on his EVA suit. “I don’t know mate. But I’m looking forward to seeing it, whatever it is.” Ten hours later, the fleet broke orbit with Neptune heading to the outer reaches of the solar system.
***




Chapter 24

Chambers and Bannister headed down the main corridor on A deck and stopped in front of the doorway of the officers’ pub. The doors opened and they stepped into the dim-lit barroom. A sense of unease shot through Chambers.
“They’re closed,” Chambers said, glancing about. Darkness filled the pub and silence wafted across the room. “That’s wired. I’ve never known the pub to close before.” Bannister gripped the captain’s arm, moving him further into the dark interior. Light burst through the room.
“Surprise!” the people hiding in the darkness cheered. A grin spread across Chambers’ face taking in all the people. Women from the comfort station moved among the guest with their tops off pouring drinks. They wore nothing but tiny little thongs on their bottoms. Several women danced on the bar, half of which were topless and the rest naked. Two women, a longhaired blonde and a redhead grabbed Chambers and took him by his arms. He felt their breasts pressing up against him while they moved him toward the center of the room. Bannister ambled along beside him laughing. Chambers gave Bannister a hard look. “I told you, no bachelor party.”
Bannister laughed and slapped Chambers on the back. “Relax. This was Nicole’s idea. She wanted to make sure you got it all out of your system before you got married.”
The women pushed Chambers down into a chair. A buxom redhead faced him, leaning forward. She grabbed his head, pulled it into her breasts, and rubbed them against his face. He breathed in the smell of her perfume and felt a stirring sensation in his lower regions. His heart pounded on the inside of his chest and his breathing accelerated. She stepped back a moment later and the blonde moved into position. She turned around with her back to Chambers. Leaning forward, she rubbed her butt against his crotch grinding against him. She took his hands and placed them on her breasts while she leaned back against him.
Chambers’ fellow officers and several NCOs formed a circle around the chair cheering. Chambers struggled to his feet and pushed Bannister down in the chair.
“Okay girls. It’s his turn.”
Bannister’s face turned red. The girls pounced on him. After the women had their way with him Chambers pulled Bannister to his feet. They staggered to the bar. A naked woman with short blonde hair, midsized breasts, and a cute smile jumped down to serve them. “What can I get for you Captain?” she shot him a sexy smile.
Chambers smiled back, his eyes taking in her luscious body. “I’ll have a Jack and Coke and give Mr. Bannister a scotch on the rocks.” The woman turned from the bar, mixed their drinks and both men’s eyes dropped to her butt when she turned around.
Bannister’s eyes widened. “Now that’s something I can sink my teeth into.”
Chambers shrugged and took a drink enjoying the smooth flavor of the whiskey. “Yeah, not bad.”
She turned back around with their drinks and winked at Banister. They took in her long sexy legs, her trim waist, and her perky little breasts. Chambers downed his drink in one gulp. “Pour me another.”
The woman giggled and turned back around. She mixed him another drink. Bannister gave Chambers a curious look. “Are we a little nervous tonight, Captain?”
Chambers nodded. “Hell yeah. I keep wondering if I’m doing the right thing.”
Banister’s eyes widened and he reached out, laying a hand on the captain’s shoulder. “Are you crazy? Of course, you’re doing the right thing. Nicole is the best thing that’s ever happened to you. When I see you two together, you two radiate happiness. You can’t miss all those sleazebags you used to sleep with?”
Chambers shook his head. “No. It’s not that. It’s this mission. Who knows what we’ll find out there. It’s a big galaxy. It will be twenty-five years at least until we get home if we get home. Am I doing the right thing by Nicole, making her the captain’s wife?”
Banister raised his voice so the captain could hear him above the noisy party. “Of course you are. Nicole’s an adult capable of making her own decisions. She’s on this ship for the duration. It’s better, for her to be your wife than to work for the next twenty-five years down at the comfort station.”
Chambers sighed. “Yeah! You’re right! I got a case of the night before the wedding jitters.”
Bannister bought the next round. “It happens to everyone. I was nervous as hell before I got married the first time.”
Chambers laughed. “You’ve been married four times,” he said starting to slur his words.
Bannister took a sip from his tumbler of scotch. “Yeah, and I was nervous the night before I married each one. Now I’ve got four ex-wives.”
Chambers noticed Louis Martin and Alonzo Garcia sitting at a table across the room. “See those two new shave tails over there?” he said pointing across the room.
Bannister shrugged. “Yeah. So?”
“Let’s go join them for a few drinks.” Chambers staggered across the bar room, so Bannister picked up his drink and followed.
***
Chambers stood at the front of the chapel on the CEU-Saratoga in his dress blues. Banister stood at his side. His heart did a drum roll inside his chest and he couldn’t seem to stop his hands from shaking. Admiral Ivanov stepped off a raised platform and faced them. Wedding music played from the room’s speakers. The officers and senior NCOs in the audience stood to their feet. The bridesmaids started their procession toward the front of the chapel. A nervous flutter shot through Chambers’ stomach. They turned watching the bridesmaids approach. The wedding march started up. Nicole Allison entered the back of the chapel. Chambers' nervousness disappeared. His eyes widened, a smile crossed his face, and a sense of joy shot through him. Vice Admiral Tom Larsen escorted Nicole to the front of the chapel.
“You are a lucky young man,” Larsen whispered into Chambers’ ear.
“I know. Thank you, sir,” Chambers whispered back, breathing in the smell of vodka on the admiral’s breath.
The wedding party turned to face Admiral Ivanov and Ivanov smiled. “My fellow officers, senior NCOs, enlisted men, and women. This occasion brings me great joy. Captain Chambers is one of my best officers. How he managed to land this lovely woman is beyond me.” The audience laughed. “But we gather here today to join this man and this woman in holy matrimony.” The admiral continued with the wedding ceremony. Captain Chambers and Nicole Allison said their wedding vows. When it came time to kiss the bride, the captain thought his heart might explode for joy. They exited the chapel. The honor guards held their swords aloft forming a canopy of steel to walk under. The last two in line gave Nicole the traditional slap on the ass with the broadsides of their swords. A wild cheer erupted when they left the chapel.
Later, at the reception, Chambers held Nicole close. He enjoyed the firm pressure of her breasts pressed up against him while they danced the first dance of the evening. After the first dance, several people offered up a toast to the new couple. Chambers lost Nicole for the rest of the evening. Every officer, NCO, and every enlisted man at the reception wanted to dance with the bride. He found a seat against the bulkhead and watched the people on the dance floor.
Bannister sat down next to him and placed a hand on his shoulder. “You know, you are one lucky bastard. If you fuck this up, I’ll kick your ass.”
Chambers laughed. “You’re preaching to the quire. I won’t fuck it up. If I do, I’ll do what all good men do in such situations. I’ll grovel to get back in her good graces.”
Bannister laughed and handed Chambers a drink. Second lieutenants, Alonzo Garcia and Louis Martin sat down next to them. 
Chambers looked up. “Don’t you two have duty tomorrow? You’d better not stay too late.”
Alonzo nodded, downing the rest of his drink. “Yes sir. We’re in charge of a couple of platoons setting up the science stations on Triton. We won’t stay too long.”
Louis stood up. “We wouldn’t have missed this for the world. This was the first time I’ve ever heard of a bloody starship captain getting married at space.” Someone from across the room called for the captain. He said that it was time to cut the cake. Chambers made his way through the crowd to a table near the center of the room and Nicole joined him. They stood behind the table, cut the cake and the crowd cheered raising their glasses in a toast. After that, they opened the presents, the party wound down. Shuttles ferried the guest back to their various ships. The wedding party, onboard the captain’s shuttle, was the last to leave the Saratoga. On their way back to the Port Royal, Chambers, and his bride sat in the back row of the passenger compartment. Nicole lay with her head against the captain’s chest. He ran his hand down her back enjoying the smooth feel of her skin.
Nicole looked up. “I’m exhausted.”
Chambers grinned. “You’d better not be too tired.”
A mischievous smile crossed Nicole’s face. “I’m never that tired,” Nicole said and kissed him. “How was your bachelor party?” Another grin crossed Nicole’s face.
Chambers blushed. “It was all right. The girls were wild. There was a lot of bumping and grinding plus a little hand action, but I behaved myself.”
Nicole laughed. “I know. The girls told me about it. I told them they could rub their tits in your face; let you feel them up a bit, but no sex. They said you jumped out of that chair as soon as you could and headed for the bar.”
Chambers sighed. “I’m a changed man,” he said, kissing Nicole’s neck. He touched her left breast. “I’ve only got eyes, and hands, for you, my dear.” The captain’s shuttle docked on the Port Royal. The captain and his bride made their way through the ship to the captain’s quarters. They received several, well-wishes along the way. At the door to his cabin, Chambers picked up his bride, carried her over the threshold, and to his bed.
Nicole pushed the captain down onto his bed and stood facing him. Mesmerized by her beauty, Chambers leaned back on his elbows watching. Nicole, her face flushed with desire, jerked down the back zipper of her wedding dress. She let the dress fall to the floor and stepped out of her undergarments. The captain’s eyes widened taking in her pretty face with its high cheekbones and up-turned nose. He took in her large breasts with their dark hard nipples centered in the areolas. She had a thin waist, round hips, and long sexy legs. He breathed in the sensual smell of her perfume. She let out a throaty breath, climbed on top of him, and ripped off the captain’s clothes. His heart hammered inside his chest and he struggled to catch his breath. She made love to him with such passion that Chambers could barely keep up with her rhythm. Sometime later, they fell into a deep peaceful sleep.
***
The following morning they made love again, but this time, the pace was slow and easy. Chambers cooked breakfast and they ate at the small table in his cabin. Finished with breakfast, he set up holographic projectors and focused their beam on the entire bulkhead across the room from the bed. He mounted a few projectors up high with their beams focused down on the deck. When he turned the equipment on, the image of a sandy beach and the Pacific Ocean filled the entire bulkhead. The projectors focusing on the deck put out the image of sand instead of the blue carpeting. The sound of crashing waves filled the room.
“I thought that since I can’t take you on a picnic to the beach on our honeymoon, I would bring the beach to us instead.” He brought food and drinks from the food and beverage dispenser. Nicole sat down across from him.
“God. It looks so real,” Nicole said looking out at the ocean. A boat passed by far out at sea. “I almost expect my feet to get wet if I get too close.”
“They’ve come a long way with holographic technology. There are several programs we can run.” He poured Nicole a glass of wine. “I’ve got the next seventy-two hours off. I figured that I’d better have something to keep us occupied when we’re not making love.”
Nicole kissed him. “I don’t need to entertain me. Being here with you is enough.” Gulls circled over the waves, they ate their lunch on the holographic beach and made love in the sand. “At least here, I won’t get sand in my crack,” Nicole said and giggled. That night they ate dinner on a rooftop overlooking New York City. They sat at a table looking down at the lights watching a hovercar float by. Chambers put his arm around Nicole, holding her close. God, How did I get so lucky to land this beautiful woman?
“I can’t get over how real this looks,” Nicole said snuggling up against him. “If I were to step up to the edge of that brick wall, I’d be afraid of falling.”
“They shot this program from on top of the federal building. The one where the Council of Economic Unions meets.”
Nicole looked into his eyes. “How will the ship get along without its beloved captain for three days?”
“Craig will handle things. As we speak, our marines are setting up scientific outposts on Neptune’s moons. By the time I report for duty, we will have broken orbit with Neptune and be on our way to the outer reaches. We’ll do a flyby of Pluto in a couple of months and leave the system.”
Nicole sighed. “I’ll be an old woman by the time we get home.”
Chambers smiled. “You’ll always be young to me.” He kissed her. They finished dinner, polished off the wine, went to bed, and made love until the wee hours of the morning. The next day, Chambers changed the program. The image of Niagara Falls appeared on the bulkhead. They ate their breakfast and lunch next to the falls. On the last day of their three-day honeymoon, Chambers repositioned the projectors. He ran a program depicting a rustic mountain cabin. They cuddled next to a blazing fire that evening and made love on a holographic bear rug.
When Chambers entered the bridge on his first day back on duty, Bannister shot him a friendly grin. “How was the honeymoon?”
Chambers looked at Banister and grinned. “It was great. How goes the voyage? Is there anything I need to be aware of?”
Banister shook his head. “Nope. We’ve left Neptune behind and are on our way to a close encounter with Pluto. After that, it’s out into the great unknown. Are you ready to leave this solar system behind and see what’s out there?”
Chambers nodded. “Hell yeah,” he said and sat down in the command chair.
***




Chapter 25

David Gallagher looked out the porthole to the right of his seat. The submarine descended into the depths of the subterranean ocean. Sweat beaded up, on his forehead. All he saw was blackness for a few seconds and then he saw a flash of movement. Something large, with tiny fluorescent lights covering its massive body, bumped the sub. It caused the captain to steer away from the aquatic mammal. A sense of awe passed through him.
“What was that?” David asked, wiping the condensation away from the porthole so he could get a better look.
“We don’t know for sure. Our scientists think they are mammals somewhat like whales,” one of the guards said. He stopped next to David’s seat.
“What are those lights?” David felt his ears pop when the submersible descended.
“We don’t know that for sure either, but our scientists think they are some type of crustacean. The place is thriving with life.”
“Why haven’t you told anyone? The scientist on Earth would jump through hoops to check this out.” An excited grin crossed David’s face.
“All in due time. We’d like to wait until we get this bit of unpleasantness over with. For now, it’s a state secret.” Two hours later, the submarine ascended. All forward motion stopped and David felt a slight jolt.
“We’re here,” one of the guards, said. “Stand to your feet and prepare to disembark.”
“Where’s here?”
“Mining site D. Your new home.” The guard motioned him to his feet.
The detainees filed down an aisle way, climbed out an exit hatch, and stepped out onto a metal dock. The guards herded them into a turbo lift. The lift ascended for several levels and thirty minutes later, the turbo lift doors slid open.
“Let’s go gentlemen. I’ll show you to your new home,” the guard at the front of the lift said. He stepped out into a busy corridor. The detainees followed and the remaining guards flanked them. Military personnel moved back and forth down the corridor, and everyone was in a big hurry. David heard people talking about an attack. Seeing an open doorway to his left, he stepped through it. The nearest guard, whose attention was elsewhere, didn’t see him. David stepped further into the darkness. His heart pounding inside his chest and he waited with his back pressed to the bulkhead for the guards to pass. A bead of sweat tracked down the side of his face. He punched the button on the inside of the door and the door closed.
“Computer. Lights on.” Light exploded through the room. He found himself inside a maintenance shop filled with various types of vehicles. All were in states of disrepair. Breathing in the smell of oil and grease, David checked out each vehicle. He found an atmospherically contained Roust About. It was a small tracked vehicle used for maintenance workers on the surface. Someone must have brought it down here for repairs. David punched the green button on the wall next to the turbo lift doors. The doors slid open and he tried the Roust About next. David sat down in the driver’s seat and punched the starter button. The engine roared to life and he moved the Roust About into the turbo lift.
“Which level?” the sultry voice of the turbo lifts’ computer asked.
“Take me to the surface.” The turbo lift doors closed behind him. Twenty minutes later, the lift stopped moving. A large set of steel doors opened in front of him. He shot out of the mining facility and onto the surface. Adjusting the vehicle’s interior temperature, he turned on the vehicle's GPS, system. A group of buildings was set to the north of his position. 
“Now that’s a federal base if I ever saw one. Maybe I can get there and warn them before these damned rebels attack.”
***
Cyrus Bonelli paced back and forth in front of the VID screen feeling too nervous to sit down. The image of Admiral Delacroix filled the screen.
Biting down the taste of acid reflux in his throat Bonelli said, “Admiral. What do you have to report?”
“Mr. President. My marines have breached the main complex. Our airpower destroyed their defensive positions on the surface. Our marines overran their positions guarding the main colony. They are underground now at mining site A. It should be a matter of time.” The Admiral’s com-unit on the lapel of his uniform beeped. “Delacroix.” The Admiral’s face turned ashen. “Are you sure? Yes. I understand.”
“What?” Cyrus demanded. He brought a tumbler of Crown Royal Canadian whiskey to his lips.
“Mr. President. It seems that the rebels sabotaged the entire facility. There was a massive explosion. They destroyed mining site A. All my marines, except for those held in reserve at the base on the surface are, dead, buried under the ice.”
A vain pulsated in Bonelli’s forehead. “Take heart. At least those terrorist bastards died with them. I’m sorry about your men, but they died a hero’s death in service to the council.” Admiral Delacroix’s com-unit beeped once more. He spoke into the earpiece and Cyrus Bonelli thought the Admiral was going to pass out. Cyrus felt bile forming in his stomach. “What now God damn it?”
“Mr. President. That was Colonel Barrow commander of the base on Europa. The rebels had some type of escape plan. Barrow says that the base is under attack. He says that he doesn’t think they’ll be able to hold.”
“Tell him he better hold that base or I’ll have his ass God damn it! Give him air support! Fly in more troops. Give him anything he needs!” Cyrus felt a sharp pain shoot across his chest.
“We don’t have much left to give, Mr. President. Wait for one moment. I’m getting another report. Yes. I see. Take evasive actions. Do whatever is necessary. I’ll be in the war room in two minutes.”
“What else could have gone wrong?” Cyrus felt his left arm grow numb.
“Mr. President, I received word from one of my ships patrolling near the asteroid belt. The captain says that they are under attack by a fleet of New Republic ships coming out of the asteroid belt. He says the rebels have some type of powerful torpedo. It slices right through their energy shields. It produces a yield like nothing we’ve ever seen before. They’ve destroyed ten of my ships so far. The captain of that vessel fled in an attempt to save his ship and crew. The New Republic fleet is on its way in force. I have to go to oversee the battle,” Delacroix said and cut the transmission.
“God damn it!” Cyrus Bonelli roared. He threw a glass tumbler against the glass window that overlooked New York City.
***
Shawn Gallagher sat in his new com-center and war room on mining site D. He listened to the progress over the com-net monitoring the attack on the federal base. His com-unit beeped; he flipped a toggle on his console and spoke into a microphone. “Gallagher.”
“Mr. President. I’ve got bad news. I received word that your brother has escaped,” Holliday, said. His voice reverberated through the small speaker on Shawn’s console.
Shawn banged his hand down hard on the computer console in front of him. “Escaped! How God damn it?” Shawn wiped his brown and leaned back in his seat.
“When we moved the detainees, he managed to steal a Roust About and headed out to the surface. I have a security team in pursuit. They are tracking his biosignal on their GPS unit.”
Shawn tried to get his breathing under control. “But we are about to launch an attack?”
“I know. Our military is setting on go waiting for you to give the word. My security chief thinks your brother is trying to warn the federals.”
Shawn let out a slow easy breath, trying to get his temper under control. “You’ve got the green light for the attack. Launch it at once. My brother is secondary to that. Try to apprehend him before he reaches the federal base.”
“Will do sir. My men are on his ass as we speak.”
“And Jerry,” Shawn said.
“Yes, Mr. President?”
“Try not to hurt him, if you can.”
“Yes sir. My men will use the minimal amount of force necessary.”
Shawn sighed and cut the transmission.
***
On the surface, David gunned the Roust About, bouncing over a small hill. He saw the lights of the federal facility in the distance. Minute particles of ice and rock flew up into the air in the vehicle’s wake. Something flashed across his windshield. He looked down at the computer screen on the Roust About’s dashboard and saw the radar signature of five tracked vehicles coming up on his tail.
“Son of s bitch!” David yelled. He gunned the throttle. Tiny ice particles spewed into the air and laser fire hit the left rear wheel sheering it off. The Roust About flipped over turning upside down. He hung upside down in the driver’s seat hanging by his safety harness. Before he could unsnap the harness, five men stormed through the airlock. David looked down into the gaping maw of five M-23 Blasters.
***
Admiral Kesler’s fleet of light cruisers spewed out of the asteroid belt and attacked the flank of the federal main battle fleet firing torpedoes and laser cannons. Their space fighters mixed it up with their federal counterparts. Onboard his flagship, Kesler stood, leaning on the motherboard. He looked down at the massive computer screen occupying the entire surface of a long table. A smile spread across his face.
“Come on, come on, take the bait,” he said holding his clenched fist up close to his mouth. He watched several blips on the screen turn to approach his fleet. A computer console nearby beeped. The bulk of the federal forces turned to engage his fleet. Kesler slapped the lapel of his uniform speaking into his com-link. He opened up a channel to all the ships in his fleet. “Launch the antimatter weapons. Hammer the God damned bastards!” he yelled. On the screen, tiny red blips appeared. The honing device in the warheads locked onto the federal vessels. The antimatter torpedoes tore through the shields. They bore through the hulls of the vessels igniting the anti-matter warheads. Blinding explosions forced the bridge personnel to turn away from their viewscreens. A massive debris field formed in orbit and the space near Jupiter. Three-quarters of the federal fleet perished in the initial onslaught. Admiral Delacroix ordered the rest of his fleet to flee.
***
A haggard image of Admiral Delacroix appeared on Cyrus’ VID screen. In the background, Cyrus saw hustle and bustle. He heard alarms blaring and buzzers sound throughout the ship. “Report!” Cyrus demanded.
Delacroix took a small pill bottle out of his uniform pocket. He tossed back several pills, chewing them up dry. “Mr. President. They deployed some type of anti-matter weapon. Their torpedoes tore right through our shields. I’ve lost three-quarters of my fleet. I’ve ordered the rest of my ships to flee to the asteroid belt.”
Bonelli shook his head. “No God damn it! Tell them to turn and engage!” A vein on the side of his forehead pulsated and a sharp pain shot through his skull.
“Admiral. I’m getting a VID transmission from Colonel Bower. I’ll patch it through.”
The image on Bonelli’s screen split down the middle. The left side of the screen showed the haggard image of Admiral Delacroix. The right side showed the image of Colonel Bower.
“Mr. President. The base is under attack. They have breached the perimeter. My men cannot hold the base.”
Cyrus noticed Bower’s hands shaking. The man is about to break. “They had better hold that damned base or I’ll have you executed! Admiral! I order your remaining ships to turn and fire nuclear-armed missiles at Europa! I’ll turn that moon into so many chunks of ice before I let them bastards get away with this! Tell the so-called president! Never mind! I’ll tell him myself! Patch me through to Shawn Gallagher! If he doesn’t stop this attack at once, I’ll turn the space where Europa once was into a nuclear wasteland!”
***
On the surface of Europa, the New Republic tanks formed up in a parallel line and attacked the federals from the south. The federal main battle tanks came over the earthworks to meet the New Republic forces. The New Republic tanks annihilated their federal counterparts leaving the federal tank force in smoking ruins. Charred bodies and hulks of molten metal littered the battlefield.
The New Republic tanks opened up on the earthworks surrounding the federal base and cleared a path for the infantry. Three hundred yards out, the troop carriers unloaded the troops and they stormed the base. The Federal Marines put up a good fight, but in the end, they were no match for the New Republic forces. With a pathway cleared by the tanks, the New Republic infantry charged onto the federal base.
Shawn watched the scene unfold in real-time at his communication center. He monitored the com-net keeping track of the ongoing space battle. A hopeful grin spread across his face. His com-unit beeped. The following text scrolled across his screen: INCOMING FLASH TRANSMISSION// URGENT. Shawn typed in his coded logged-in on the keyboard and the image of Cyrus Bonelli appeared on the screen. Before Shawn could speak, Bonelli exploded in a triad of rage.
“I demand that you stop this attack at once! If you do not, I have ordered the rest of our fleet to launch nuclear missiles at Europa! I’ll turn your little ball of ice into nuclear slush!”
Shawn laughed. “I wouldn’t try that. We have tanker vessels filled with Hydrogen sitting parked and ready. I’ll have my people put them on autopilot and launch them on a collision course with your ships. This thing is not worth any more people dying. Tell your forces to stand down and surrender.” Shawn leaned forward in his chair.
“Why you insolent bastard! I’ll-” Cyrus heard a noise off-screen. Five men in security uniforms barged in with their guns drawn. A short little man with a baldhead followed. “What is the meaning of this? I demand-”
“Cyrus Bonelli, you are under arrest for issuing unlawful orders and for contempt.” Cyrus tried to resist but the security personnel took him to the ground and drug him out of the room in restraints. The short little baldheaded man looked up at the viewscreen.
“I assume you are Shawn Gallagher?”
Shawn nodded and leaned back. “I’m Gallagher, president of the New Republic.”
“I am Floyd Bidwell, interim President of the Council of Economic Unions. Please call off your attack. Tell your forces to stand down. No one else has to die.”
Shawn let out a sigh of relief. “I will if you will.”
Bidwell nodded. “Consider it done. I’m contacting the military commanders now.”
Shawn contacted his military commanders. He ordered them to stop their attack but stand ready. “I put the attack on hold, for now.”
Bidwell clasped his hands in front of his chest. “Mr. President I am prepared to offer Europa a position as a nation-state. You will have full representation on the Council of Economic Unions.”
Shawn shook his head. “No sir. We are a free and independent sovereign nation.”
Bidwell sighed. “Very well. We are willing to grant you your independence. We need to get the Hydrogen and Helium three flowing. I am arranging a peace conference. What are your terms?”
“Have your naval personnel evacuate Jupiter Spacedock. I and two other delegates will meet with your admiral and vice-admiral there.”
Bidwell began to pace back and forth. “Agreed. Representatives from Consolidated Mining would like to discuss trade issues. Other companies would as well.”
“Agreed. I would also like to discuss immigration issues. We have people here who have family on Earth. They would like for them to immigrate to Europa to join them.”
Bidwell nodded and stopped pacing. “We will discuss this at the conference. There is also the issue of the detainees you hold.”
“Once we reach an agreement, I will release them into federal custody. After that, all your ships and military personnel will leave the Jovian system.”
“Agreed. How does zero eight hundred hours tomorrow sound for the conference?”
“Agreed,” Shawn, said trying not to show any emotion.
“Once we reach an agreement sign it and you make copies for yourself, send it over the net. The council will have a look at it and vote whether not to ratify.”
“What happens if they don’t like it?”
“No one wants to see hostilities resume. They may try to clarify some issues and renegotiate some terms,” Bidwell said.
“Right now you are not in a position to demand terms.”
Bidwell found a seat. “It’s only a formality. I’m sure it will be minor issues if any. The members on that council live to debate.”
“All right. Tell Delacroix I will see him tomorrow morning at zero eight hundred hours.” Shawn ended the transmission.
On the ground, the New Republic forces stood down. They went into a defensive mode. The remaining federal troops occupying their HQ hunkered down to wait. The New Republic general in command of the infantry allowed the federals to see to their wounded. In space, Admiral Kesler disengaged from the remains of the federal main battle fleet. Admiral Delacroix began the evacuation of Jupiter Spacedock. The forces facing each other on the battlefield and in space seemed to let out a collective sigh. They hoped that the politicians would reach an agreement.
The federal troops and the New Republic forces fortified their positions while they waited for word from the peace council. They used the time to care for the wounded and attend to the dead. In space, both fleets faced off with each other, but no one fired a shot. Both navies used the time to affect repairs and care for the injured. Seventy-two hours after the start of the peace accord, they announced an agreement. President Gallagher and Admiral Delacroix stood before a VID screen and made the announcement. Solar One News immediately transmitted it throughout the solar system.
On the surface of Europa, New Republic ground forces occupied the federal base. The Federal Marines surrendered their weapons and turned themselves over to New Republic control. The remaining federal battlecruisers landed shuttles on Europa. They ferried their troops, along with the detainees, back to the waiting ships. Shawn and his security detail entered the shuttle port. The last to leave the surface of Europa was the detainees. They put on their EVA suits preparing for the walk to the shuttles waiting outside. Shawn caught up with his brother David while he was putting on his EVA suit. “Are you sure I can’t talk you into staying?” Shawn said, trying to swallow the lump forming in his throat.
David sighed and shook his head. “Our destinies lay on different paths. You know, when this all started, I hated you for what you did. I didn’t understand it. I don’t hate you anymore. I love you man. You’re my brother.”
“I love you too bro.” Shawn grabbed David in a big bear hug. He pulled away after the hug and wiped his eyes.
“I still don’t agree with what you’ve done, but I understand it. If things were different, I may have even joined up with you guys, but for now, I’ll stick with the Federal Marines.”
Shawn laid a hand on his brother’s shoulder. “I talked with Admiral Delacroix. He told me that the rebels destroyed your old outpost on Mars. There were no survivors. I know you must have lost some friends.”
“Yeah,” David said thinking about Paul Rosenbaum.
“I also told the admiral about your desire to attend robotics school. He said that you have a good record, except for a minor incident involving a fight over a card game. He said that if you agreed to sign up for one more hitch, the military would give you a waver on your GI rating. They'll send you to robotics school. They allow military personnel some leeway on their genetics.”
“Thanks. I’ll give that some thought when the time comes.” They talked for a few minutes and said their goodbyes. Shawn watched David cross the tarmac. The detainees arrived on their ships and the remnant of the federal main battle fleet turned their noses toward home. On the surface of Europa, pilots boarded taker ships and lifted off. A cargo fleet carrying hydrogen and helium-3 broke orbit with Jupiter and started their long journey toward Earth.
Shawn and his security detail entered the main assembly hall. Thunderous applause greeted his arrival when he made his way down the center aisle. Miners, military personnel, and government employees greeted him along his way. People patted him on the back and shoulder; Shawn stopped to shake a few hands. He stepped up onto a podium to join the other dignitaries. Reporters shouted questions.
Shawn cleared his throat, trying not to let his voice crack when he spoke. “Ladies and gentlemen. The New Republic is now and forever will be a free and independent nation. We are going to send ambassadors to Earth. We will have full representation on the Council of Economic Unions. Not as an independent nation-state, but as a sovereign nation.” Loud applause and cheers interrupted his speech. A grin spread across Shawn’s face. “Next store, in the reception center, we are going to hold the wildest party that anyone has ever seen.”
“Mr. President. What about the future?” a New Republic reporter asked.
Shawn stepped closer to the edge of the platform, closer to the crowd. “I envision a new Europa. Not a rough mining colony, but a modern utopia where we can raise our kids. I envision factories producing goods. Bio domes with botanical gardens underneath. Complete neighborhoods where we can live and grow into a thriving colony.”
“What about mining site A?” another reporter asked, raising his hand.
Shawn crossed his arms in front of his chest. “I would like to build a granite wall around the collapsed mining site. I want the names of every person who died there engraved on the wall. We must never forget their sacrifice. The other portions of the colony damaged by the fighting will be rebuilt.”
“What about our families back on Earth?” another reporter asked.
Shawn crossed the platform to look into the man’s face. “It’s part of the peace accords. The CEU had agreed to let our families immigrate.”
“What about your future with the CEU? Do you think your battle for freedom is over?” a Solar One News report asked.
Shawn spread his arms apart. “Our battle was for Europa, but that’s one thing about freedom. Once one group obtains it, others want it. What does the future hold? Who knows? Tomorrow the battle could be for Mars or Earth. Now it’s time to celebrate,” Shawn said raising both fists into the air. “Let’s go next store, enjoy some good food and some cold beer, because freedom rocks!” The crowd rose to its feet in thunderous applause. Shawn stepped down from the podium. He headed down the center aisle, with his security detail flanking him. The citizens of the New Republic followed.
####

I hope you enjoyed reading the Battle for Europa as much as I enjoyed writing it. If you did, then you might enjoy reading, the Battle for Mars, book number two in the Space Corps Chronicles. Check out the sample chapters below.




The Battle for Mars Sample Chapters.
Chapter 1

Eddie Falcon leaned against the bulkhead glancing out the porthole next to him. The shuttle descended through the atmosphere and crossed the Solis Planum region of the Western hemisphere on Mars. A dark-haired wiry, man in his mid-thirties, Eddie looked like a hundred other miners. When he boarded the transport ship at Earth’s spacedock, each person he passed glanced up and made eye contact. A few brought their right hand up, as if in salute. At the last instant, they ran their hand through their hair or rubbed the side of their face.
To the Consolidated management, Eddie looked like your average hard rock miner. They paid him no mind. He stood five feet ten inches tall with short coal dark hair, a stony expression, and a lean frame. There wasn’t an inch of body fat on him. His muscles were taut, like sinew, but his dark eyes looked as if they could pierce into your very soul. The three-month flight from Earth to Mars was uneventful, but now that time of inactivity was over. On the last leg of his journey, Eddie boarded the shuttle at Mars’ spacedock for the trip to the surface. He took a seat in the last row, near the rear of the shuttle, and tried not to draw any attention to himself.
“How long’s it been since you’ve been to Mars?” the miner sitting next to him asked.
“Three years.” Eddie drew his eyes away from the porthole. “What’s your name?”
The blond-headed miner sitting next to him smiled. “James Galt. We’re glad to have you here, Mr. Fal-”
“I’m using the name, Johnson, for the time being. Ryan Johnson.”
“Right. I’m sorry sir, I forgot. Things should start hopping now that you’re here.”
A frown crossed Eddie’s face. “Keep your voice down. I don’t want those Consolidated bosses to get suspicious. I need everyone to act like I’m only another miner on my way to New London.” Eddie turned his face back to the porthole.
“Right. I’m sorry, man. But you’re famous. It’s an honor to finally meet you.”
“Where’ve you been? We’ve been on the same ship since we left Earth.”
“I know. I saw you at the meetings, down in the hold and I heard your speeches, but I never had a chance to get close. It’s an honor to finally get a chance to speak to you.”
Eddie sighed. “I’m a regular guy like you. I’m trying to make a difference, that’s all.”
“You’ve done a hell of a good job. The movement wouldn’t be where it’s at right now, if not for you.”
“No, the movement would be nothing without the people. The rank and file members like you. If the wrong person were to hear this conversation, they’d turn us both over to the feds when we land. Let’s change the subject.”
“Right.”
When the shuttle approached the spaceport, Eddie’s eyes widened. “Good Lord, look at the size of this place. The last time I was here, it was a lonely base off in the middle of nowhere. Now it looks like a city unto itself.”
“Yeah, they built up the spaceport after the New Republic formed. You should see the colony. It’s quadrupled in size. Camp Rizzo too. You can’t go anywhere in the colony without bumping into one of those federal bastards. You name it they’re all here. You’ve got soldiers and marines patrolling the colony plus sailors from the fleet spend their hard-earned cash in New London.”
“The last time I was here, they had a few companies of marines from Camp Rizzo. The Army took care of the colonies over in the eastern hemisphere.”
“That was before they expanded the monorail system. Now they have bases all over. They’re trying to keep the rebels at bay. They don’t want us to go the way of Europa.”
Eddie laughed. "The Federal Defense Forces and the Council of Economic Unions can’t always have things their way.”
“Yeah, now that you’re here, those federal boys are gonna start earning their pay.”
The shuttle touched down on a massive landing pad. The voice of the shuttle’s pilot reverberated through the passenger compartment. “Gentlemen! Please put on your Mark I EVA suits, grab your gear, and exit the shuttle at the nearest airlock!”
Eddie put on his EVA suit and then his gravity boots. After putting on his helmet, he turned to the miner sitting next to him. “Do you mind checking my seals and my air tank?”
“Sure,” James said placing his hands over the air vents on the front of the helmet’s face shield. “Take a deep breath.” Eddie took a breath. “Your seals are fine. Turn around.” Eddie turned around so he could check his oxygen tank. “Your tanks are full. Sir if you don’t mind, could you do me?”
“I’d be glad to.”
Everyone suited up and did their equipment checks. The miners moved down the aisle way toward the airlocks. Eddie was the last of the miners to lumber down the exit ramp and step onto the ground on Mars. He paused for a moment and his eyes widened in wonder inside his EVA suit. The shuttle terminal was twice as large as the last time he was here. They added an enclosed second floor. Three large monorail beams descended to the station platform. Falcon’s eyes followed the beams as they disappeared into the night. Three monorails were set next to the station platform. Four other beams intersected with these three, two coming in from the south and two from the north.
Galt noticed the direction of Eddie’s gaze. “That’s the train station on the second floor. The monorails run to the various colonies throughout the planet.”
“I heard about those new trains, but this is the first time I’ve seen them.” Eddie noticed a large hanger off to his right that was under construction. “What’s over there?”
“That’s Consolidated's new terminal. When that’s finished we won’t have to share with the federal pukes. It’s supposed to have its, own shuttle landing facility and an atmospherically contained transport barn. You won’t have to put on your EVA suits. Once your shuttle lands inside the terminal and they restore oxygen, you’ll catch a bus to the mines.”
Several soldiers, a group of marines, and a sailor passed them by on the way to the terminal. A Fleet Marine bumped into Eddie.
“Excuse me,” Eddie said.
“There’s no excuse for you. Damn, I hate hard rock miners,” the marine said to his buddy as they headed to the terminal.
“Federal pukes,” James said.
“They can’t help it. That’s the way they’re trained. But you can’t blame them. What with the rebels and you rowdy miners they’ve got their hands full.”
James laughed inside his EVA suit. “My heart bleeds for them. Things are bound to get worse now that you’re here.”
“You heard the briefing in the hold. It’s time to ratchet things up a notch. It will be interesting to see how things turn out.” They headed across the tarmac toward the terminal.
"I hope things get better for us.”
They followed the crowd to the spaceport. A long line formed up at the main entrance. Eddie and James fell into the back of the line behind some soldiers and waited for their turn to pass through the airlock. Ten minutes later, they crowded into an airlock along with a group of military personnel and a group of rowdy miners. Oxygen filled the airlock. The inner doors opened and the people standing in front of them entered the spaceport. Hustle and bustle filled the terminal. They took off their helmets and fell into line at one of the customs desks. The Federal Defense Force reserved half of the check-in lanes for military personnel. The rest were for regular civilians and Consolidated Mining personnel.
A young woman working the custom desk looked up at Eddie and smiled. “Please run your biochip over my scan pad and look into the screen in front of you for your retina scan.” Eddie ran his wrist over the scan pad on her desk and then leaned down to the small computer screen. The computer scanned his retina. “Welcome to Mars Mr. Johnson. Go through the blue doors behind me. The Consolidated Mining bus is waiting at gate twenty-two.”
“Thank you, miss.” Eddie followed James to the blue doors behind the customs desk. They stepped through the doors in the bulkhead and entered a large metal hanger. Buses lined the curb. Military transports, main battle tanks, and troop carriers set parked down the line. They fell into line behind a group of miners at gate 22 waiting to board the Consolidated Mining bus. The airlock doors on the bus opened and passengers stepped on board. Eddie and James found a seat near the rear of the bus.
“I noticed those tanks and troop carriers. Are they going to give us a military escort to the mines?” Eddie asked.
“No, those are for the troops going to Camp Rizzo. The rebels attack their convoys sometimes, but they leave Consolidated alone. Some of the civilian transports get a military escort. But the feds figure we’re in cahoots with the rebels anyway, but they can’t prove it.”
Eddie shrugged. “Yeah, those FDF people are a suspicious lot.”
The bus filled up with miners. The airlock doors closed and the bus pulled away from the curb heading toward the end of the hanger. A set of massive airlock doors at the end of the building opened. The bus pulled forward and the doors closed behind it. The outer doors opened and the bus lurched, its tracks slipping for an instant. It pulled out onto the rugged landscape. The driver followed the road, heading toward the perimeter of the spaceport. Eddie gazed out the window watching the scenery. His mind danced back to the past for a few minutes, remembering the last time he was on Mars. He had been here during the Battle for Europa. Eddie had made sure things were hot for the Federal Defense Forces on Mars so that they wouldn’t be able to assist the forces arrayed against the New Republic.
Soldiers stood guard on the perimeter, manning fighting positions on the line. Others were in gunrooms sitting back away from the wire. Federal main battle tanks ringed the base. The soldiers stayed on constant alert, in case of an attack by the Martian rebels.
The bus pulled up the main gate. The two guards standing out front pulled back a string of wire and the bus pulled through the gate.
“It sure is dark out there,” Eddie said.
“Yeah, the surface of Mars can be a lonely dark place.”
“Dangerous, too. Especially if you get caught in a sand storm.”
“Yep. If the wind picks up, you had better find shelter quick.”
The bus traversed a vast rocky plane, then climbed over a ridge and descended into a narrow canyon. A few minutes later, they exited the canyon. Through his window, Eddie saw the lights of the colony in the distance. “Good old New London.”
“Yes. It’s like an oasis in the Sahara Desert.” James leaned back in his chair.
They reached the colony twenty minutes later. The Consolidated Mining bus traversed the main thoroughfare of New London and wove its way through traffic. It had to stop several times at intersections. It let people, cross from the other side and let cross-traffic pass. Eddie gazed out the window in wonder, at all the hustle and bustle. People in EVA suits of various colors moved down the sidewalks. Atmospherically contained tracked vehicles filled the street and several buses lined the curbs.
“God this place has grown.” The bus passed the Utopian Mall.
“Yeah, it’s booming. They lost the mining rights for Jupiter and Saturn. Because of that, they’ve increased production here. We mine pretty much everything here on Mars.”
“Yeah, but the feds still get their water ice from the New Republic.”
James laughed. “Yes, they do. It about kills them when they have to pay for it, all though we do some ice mining in the Polar Regions, on a small scale.”
The bus passed through the colony and took a rugged trail heading east. Twenty minutes later, the driver pulled the bus off the main road. He turned onto a rocky twisting dirt trail leading to the south. Bright lights lit up a massive compound in the distance. A large office complex towered over the mines. It occupied the surface level of the mining facility. The bus climbed over a rocky ridge, then descended into a flat plane and pulled up to the perimeter fence. The guard, sitting at his desk in the guard shack, hit a button on his console and the gate opened. The driver pulled the bus through the gate onto Consolidated property. He continued across the rugged terrain heading toward the mining facility.
The bus pulled up to another massive hanger, the huge airlock doors opened and the bus pulled inside. The doors closed behind them, the inner doors opened and the bus pulled into the parking structure.
“Please take all your belongings and report to the Consolidated reception center. For you new people, welcome to Mars,” the driver said. His voice boomed over the bus’ PA system when they pulled up to the curb. They picked up their gear, followed the crowd, and headed down the aisle way toward the exit. Stepping out of the bus, they headed down onto a sidewalk. A red digital display flashed the words Central Receiving over the door.
Inside, they stepped onto a sea of beige carpeting and fell into line at one of five reception desks. Eddie reached the front of the line. A young blonde-headed receptionist looked up at him and smiled. “Please run your wrist across my scan pad and look into the screen facing you for your retinal scan.” Eddie ran his right wrist across the small scanner sitting on the desk. He leaned forward looking into the small computer screen that was set next to the scan pad. The computer screen scanned his retina. “Welcome to Mars, Mr. Johnson. You'll be working the second shift.” The printer behind her desk printed up a set of papers, she turned around and took them from the printer. “Report to the plant manager’s office on level two. You can take one of the turbo lifts on the bulkhead to my left. Here are your in-processing papers.” She handed him the papers from the printer.
“Thank you, miss.”
They crossed the room to the turbo lift, stepped into a lift behind several other miners, and turned around facing the doors. The lift descended one level, the doors slid open and they stepped out into a narrow corridor. Metal diamond plate lined the walls and covered the floor. A tall man with dark brown hair and a friendly engaging smile stepped up to Eddie and grabbed him up in a big bear hug. “It’s good to see you, Ryan. Welcome to Mars,” the man said aloud. “Consolidated bugs the lifts. Don’t say anything you don’t want big brother to hear,” the man whispered into Eddie’s ear when he hugged him.
“I take it you’re Livingston?” Eddie whispered back.
“Right. Troy Livingston. We need to get you down below.”
“I’d like to get rid of this EVA suit and get something to eat first.” Eddie pulled away from the man.
“Let’s get you through processing then I’ll show you where the mess hall is.”
“Thanks. It’s been a long trip and I’m so hungry I feel like I may dry up and blow away.”
Livingston laughed and took Eddie by the arm. They headed down the corridor to the plant manager’s office. People in the corridor glanced up, making eye contact, and shot him a brief smile. A few brought their right hands up as if to salute and ran their hand through their hair or rubbed the side of their heads. Eddie nodded at each individual and continued on his way.
“I’ll wait out here,” Livingston, said when they reached the plant manager’s office.
Inside the outer office, Eddie once more stepped into line at a reception desk. James stood in front of him in line.
“How’s the food here?” Eddie asked.
James shrugged. “Better than the slop they serve in the defense forces, but that’s not saying much.”
When he reached the front of the line, a dark-haired female receptionist shot Eddie a smile. Eddie handed her his paperwork and she logged him into the computer.
“Welcome to Mars, Mr. Johnson. You don’t go on duty until fifteen hundred hours tomorrow afternoon. If you’ll head down the corridor to the equipment room, you can stow that EVA suit. If you’re hungry, the mess hall is past the equipment room. After you have something to eat, find a bunk in the dormitory. It’s around the corner from the mess hall. If you get lost, stop at any VID screen and ask the computer for directions.” She printed his name tag to put on his overalls and handed it to him. “You’ll need to check in with supply for your uniforms and your other gear. When they issue you your coveralls, you’ll need to wear this name tag at all times.”
“Thank you, miss,” Eddie said and stepped out of line. When he stepped out into the corridor, Livingston and five other men stood waiting for him. They were hard rough-looking men. If you looked closer, you could see subtle differences in their bearing than the rest of the miners. “Gentlemen,” Eddie said.
They each nodded, showing respect. “Welcome to Mars,” a short wiry fellow, said.
Livingston led Eddie down the corridor, stopping at the equipment room so he could stow his EVA suit. Underneath the EVA suit, Eddie wore a black long-sleeved shirt, a pair of jeans, and a pair of black boots. Finished in the equipment room, they strolled down to the mess hall. Eddie fell into line behind a group of miners at a buffet-style counter. A food service worker heaped a mound of mashed potatoes and cut off a slice of roast beef for Eddie. Eddie grabbed a fresh garden salad, poured himself a cup of coffee and they found a table.
“The food’s not too bad,” Eddie said.
“The brass thinks if the food is good, we won’t complain about the poor working conditions. Or the low pay, and the long hours,” Livingston said.
“They do have a point. A man will put up with so much, but you’ve got to feed him well if you want him to work.”
Finished with their meal, they stepped into another turbo lift. Livingston hit the down button. “Keep your head down, like you’re looking at the floor. I don’t want security to see your face on their VID screen, Livingston whispered. Eddie nodded. The four other miners leaned back against the far bulkhead of the turbo lift. “You might as well lean back and get as comfortable as you can. It takes about a half-hour to get to the bottom level of the mine.”
The miners inside the turbo lift conversed in low tones, but Eddie stayed quiet. When the turbo lift reached the bottom level of the mine, the doors opened. They stepped out into a narrow mining tunnel. Electric lighting lit up the underground passageway. Livingston stepped across the tunnel and moved a small metal plate from the wall of the tunnel. If you didn’t know the plate was there, you would have missed it; it was the same reddish-brown color as the tunnel wall. A digital keypad set recessed into the tunnel wall underneath the plate. Livingston entered an access code. The rocky walls of the tunnel split apart and the doors of a smaller turbo lift opened.
“That pretty cool. The last time I was on Mars, we entered the base through the canyons. You can’t even tell where the doors are; they look like the tunnel walls.”
“These are our additions to the mines. Consolidated put in the main turbo lifts but we added these babies. We keep them a secret from the brass, but they don’t come down this deep into the mine anyway.”
They stepped into the small turbo lift. Livingston entered his access code. The lift dropped, taking them deeper still into the bowels of the red planet.
“You can speak freely now. There’s no bugs or cameras in here,” Livingston said.
“Then I guess I can get rid of this.” Eddie removed the biochip he had glued to his left wrist. It looked surgically implanted, like the real deal. He also took out the special contact lenses from his eyes that allowed him to fool the retina scan.
“I look forward to the day when no one has to wear these damned chips,” one of the miners said.
“I hear you, brother. That won’t be too long now,” Eddie said. The turbo lift descended for another half hour and finally came to a stop. The door opened; Livingston stepped out the door and onto a metal catwalk. The rest of the miners stepped out behind him and Eddie was the last one to leave the turbo lift. Five rough-looking men dressed in desert camouflaged fatigues approached them.
“Mr. Falcon, we’re your security detail. If you gentlemen will please follow me,” a sergeant said.
Eddie paused for a moment, glancing out at the massive underground cavern in front of him. Metal catwalks ran along both sides of the cavern at various levels. He saw lights from rooms cut out of solid rock across the cavern. People moved about on the catwalks and occupied the various rooms. “By all means. Lead the way.”
The security detail moved down the catwalk. They took up positions both in front of and behind Eddie and his escorts. About two hundred yards down the catwalk they came to a black door. The sergeant stopped. “Mr. Falcon, this is your HQ. You’ll find a conference room set up with all the computers and com gear you need. You have a stocked food and beverage station. There’s a VID screen with an embedded program that allows you access to all the cameras on the planet’s surface and all the cameras set up in the various business establishments in the colonies. Your living quarters are in here as well, just pass through the doorway to the left of your conference table.”
“Thank you, Sergeant.”
“Your shuttle is on the landing pad should you choose to visit any of the other colonies. Let me know if you want to travel. If there’s nothing else, I’ll be in my office next door. You can reach me on the com-unit.”
“Thank you. That will be all, Sergeant.”
Eddie entered his HQ followed by the five miners that had escorted him down from the surface. He paused for a moment, taking in the plush blue carpeting and the large oak table setting in the center of the room. A video screen and several computer consoles occupied the far bulkhead. Next to the com center set a food and beverage station.
“Gentlemen, please have a seat at the table and I’ll get us something to drink. What will it be?”
Livingston and two other men settle for beer, but the other two miners ordered mixed drinks. After filling their drink orders, Eddie ordered himself a Jack and Coke. He took his seat at the head of the table and glanced about the table taking in the men seated before he spoke. “First I would like to say that it is an honor to meet you. You men know that after we take this course of action, you five will most likely get arrested.”
Livingston nodded. “We figured that.”
“When we launch the attack, we’ll send Special Forces to your rescue. Let’s hope they don’t take you off the planet. Once we announce the creation of the union the Federal Defense Forces will act. We've never done this before. We’ve had wild cat strikes, but we’ve never had an organized union and called a planet-wide strike.”
“Why call the strike at all? Why not launch the attack?” one of the men sitting at the table asked.
“I didn’t get your name,” Eddie said.
“Jones. Adam Paul. Most folks call me AP.”
“It’s all a matter of perspective. We want the average Joe sitting on Earth watching the VID-net, to sympathize with our position. Some of them have relatives working here in the mines. When Solar One News takes the party line, we’ll send a pirate signal on the VID-net telling our side. You men will be the national officers. The miners at the other sites across the planet will choose their local officers. But you men will be in charge on the national level. Who have you chosen for president of the union?”
“That would be me,” Livingston said.
“And the VP?”
“I’m filling that slot,” Jones said.
“The financial secretary-treasurer?”
A short blond-headed man raised his hand. “That’s my job.”
“And your name is?”
“Taylor. George Taylor.”
“I take it that you two are national trustees?”
“That’s correct. I’m Fred Jarvis and this is David Carpenter,” a tall skinny red-headed man said and nodded to a stocky black man.
“We’ll need an HQ away from the mining facilities, once we call the strike,” Eddie said.
“We’ll use the Bucket of Blood. It’s in the mall. You can access the cameras using your com center,” Livingston said.
“I’ll make the announcement, tonight at midnight. Our people need time to prepare. You’ll call the strike and have your people walk off the job, twenty-four hours later. Gentlemen, we are about to make history.” Eddie concluded the meeting. “You men have your work cut out for you, so I won’t keep you.”
The miners stood to their feet. They shook hands with Eddie saying their goodbyes, and headed back to the upper levels of the mine. Eddie finished his drink while he familiarized himself with his new communications center. One hour later, at the stroke of midnight, he flipped a toggle activating the com-unit. He spoke into the microphone. “Once again, we strike a blow with the People’s Fist,” he said using the code phrase that would launch a planet-wide strike. It would also launch the attack on the federal forces governing Mars. He knew that by uttering those words he was sending men to their death. After making the broadcast, Eddie retired to his living quarters for some much-needed rest.
***




Chapter 2

Shawn Gallagher sat at the council table in the New Republic capitol building gazing at the men sitting across the table gathered for the morning intelligence briefing. There was John Wilson, one of his oldest and dearest friends. John was also his secretary of defense. There was Jerry Holliday, his chief intelligence officer. Next to him sat James Atkins his VP. Chuck Ballantine, his secretary of the treasury sat next to James. Tony Blair, the head of his joint chiefs sat at the end of the table. Shawn flipped the toggle on his com-unit and spoke into the microphone. “Mary, could you get us some coffee and some pastries in here?”
“Yes, Mr. President. Coming right up,” a seductive female voice said. Her voice came through the speakers on his com-unit. A few minutes later, a buxom blonde in a skintight pantsuit entered the room. She poured coffee for the gentlemen sitting around the table and set down two platters loaded with pastries.
Shawn’s eyes locked onto the face of his chief intelligence officer. “Jerry. What have you got for me this morning?”
Jerry took a drink from his coffee cup and lighted a cigar. “Mr. Falcon has arrived on Mars. He transmitted the code phrase and the miners should walk off the job, roughly sixteen hours from now.”
For a few seconds, Shawn’s mind flashed back three years into the past. He remembered when he, along with his closest friends and the miners at site A seized the mining facility and declared independence from the Council of Economic Unions. “Right now we have to remain cautious. Our relationship with the CEU is tenacious at best. I don’t want the council to know that we had, advanced word of the work stoppage. Once they pull the miners off the job, then I’ll make a statement on the VID-net recommending caution.”
“What about when Falcon launches the attack?” Jerry asked.
“What Falcon wants is for the feds to take a heavy-handed approach, but they could surprise him. They could sit back on their hands for a while and do nothing, or they could give in to their demands.”
“I don’t think that is going the happen. The CEU doesn’t want things to go down on Mars as they did here on Europa. When Mars declares independence, they’ll be in a tight spot.”
“Falcon wants public opinion on his side, so that’s why it all hinges on the federal response. What do you think they’ll do when the miners walk off the job?”
Jerry shrugged. “They’ll send in the troops, arrest the leaders and force the miners back to work.”
“Only then, will Eddie launch his attack. What is the status of our troops?” Shawn asked.
Wilson looked up. “Our troops are in shape. We have new miners immigrating from Earth every day. With the mandatory service law to become a citizen, the ranks are fat. We start a new training cycle in the morning. They’re ready.”
Shawn looked at the chairmen of his joint chiefs. “Do you concur, Mr. Blair?”
“Yes, I do. The fleet is in top-notch shape. What with the new ships we bought from Mr. Wolf and the ones we’ve built here, we could send a sizable force to space. We have Admiral Kesler’s fleet stationed in the asteroid belt. Plus our home guard fleet is here orbiting Jupiter and we have our Saturn fleet. If we left the reserve fleet here and sent the rest, we would be able to confront the federal main battle fleet. Plus we could put boots on the ground to help Mr. Falcon and his rebels.”
Shawn leaned back in his chair. “Let’s not put the troops on alert, yet. Let’s pull the fleet into orbit and have everyone stand down for maintenance. Start the preliminary procedures for deployment. I don’t want to jump the gun, but when Mr. Falcon needs us, I want us to be there for him. He was there for us three years ago, keeping the feds busy on Mars while we dealt with them here. I’ll contact the Governor on Titan and have him start the Saturn fleet our way. I guess unless there is any other business, then that will be all. Keep me posted, Jerry on any further developments. I’ll see if I can contact Falcon on the VID-net and have a chat. It’s been a while.”
The cabinet members rose to their feet, said their goodbyes, and filed out of the room. Alone in his council chamber, Shawn took a seat at his com center and logged onto the video net. He typed in an encrypted transmission using the virtual keyboard. The image of a young blonde-headed woman filled the screen. “Hello Cynthia, is Mr. Falcon available?”
Cynthia smiled. “Hello, Mr. President. How are things on Europa?”
“Things are fine here. I’d like to discuss your situation on Mars with Mr. Falcon if I can.”
“I’m sorry Mr. President, but he’s unavailable right now. He’s speaking with the troops. I’ll make sure he gives you a shout back when he’s free. Things are kind of hectic here right now.”
“I’m sure they are. Tell Eddie to get in touch with me as soon as possible. Bye, now.” Shawn ended the transmission. He flipped a toggle on his console and called his security chief on his com-unit.
“Hello, Mr. President. What can I do for you?” the voice of his security chief said coming over the unit's speakers.
“Ryan, could you get the car? I’d like to take a drive out into the city. I’d like to do some walking and mingle with the people.”
Ryan Beasley, the head of security, sighed. “Okay, sir. Let me get the team together and we’ll be there to pick you up in about twenty minutes.”
“Twenty minutes will be fine. I’ll be waiting in my office.” Shawn let out an anxious sigh and drummed his fingers on com center’s countertop. He stood up, crossed the room to the food and beverage dispenser, and poured himself a Jack and Coke. “This is the one thing I hate about being president. I wish I could go somewhere by myself. I'd like to see whoever I want without having to have some security detail tag along,” Shawn said to himself. He took a drink from his tumbler.
Ten minutes later, the small com-unit pinned to the lapel of his shirt beeped. Shawn tapped his shoulder. “Gallagher.”
“Mr. President, we’re ready when you are,” Beasley said.
“I’ll be right out.”
Shawn stepped out the door and his security detail met him in the hallway. Beasley strolled along next to him. Two men wearing dark suits walked ahead of them and two walked behind. They passed several offices, crossed the ballroom, passed through the reception center, and exited the building heading down the sidewalk. Four black hover cars set parked at the curb waiting. Beasley opened the door to the third car in the line.
“Where would you like to go, Mr. President?” Beasley asked.
“Take me to the monument.”
Looking out the back window of the hovercar, Shawn couldn’t help but marvel at how much things had changed. Here he was, halfway through his six-year term as president. It seemed like yesterday that all this was nothing more than a rough mining colony. You had to travel from building to building using atmospherically contained vehicles. If you were on foot, you had to suit up in EVA gear. Now, a massive dome protected the entire city. It was, equipped with oxygen and gravity generators. Domed cities covered most of the mining sites on Europa. This site, now known as the Capitol, Region, held no mines. They built the city over former mining site A. Site A had been, destroyed three years ago when the Federals Defense Forces attacked.
After the war on Europa, they embarked on a massive building program. They built cities, factories, farms, and military bases on all the moons of Jupiter and Saturn. The families of the miners immigrated first. Then people of all walks of life on Earth immigrated to become part of the New Republic. Shawn wondered what he would do when his term as president was up.
The driver pulled up to the curb. “We’re here sir.”
Beasley opened the passenger door and Shawn stepped out of the car and onto the sidewalk. His security detail flanked him. People on the street stopped and a crowd gathered. The security detail kept them at bay. Shawn stepped up to a granite wall, surrounding an icy pit. Engraved on the wall were the names of the men who died there. There were names of both Federal Marines and soldiers of the New Republic. Shawn liked to come here from time to time and read the names. Several of the men who died here, he knew well.
“Mr. President! How are you doing this morning sir? What’s the latest from Mars?” someone in the crowd yelled.
Shawn turned away from the wall and faced the crowd. “You should know by now that you can always count on, trouble on Mars.” Shawn smiled at the young man and his wife. He stepped forward and began to work, the crowd, shaking hands and talking with the people. This drove his security team nuts, but he didn’t care. He wanted to be accessible to the people.
“Sir, I drive by here every day on the way to work, and I see you down here a lot,” a middle-aged man said.
Shawn nodded. “Where do you work?”
“At the Von Wolf shipyards. I’m a welder,” the man said shooting the president a friendly smile.
“You men are doing good work down there. You’re doing a service to your country, but you’re right. I do come here a lot. I come to read the names so that I’ll never forget the sacrifices that these men made.”
“Mr. President, if it weren’t for you, and what you did, I’d still be slaving away for slave wages underground.”
“Someone has to work in the mines. We still need the water ice, only now they can work under safe working conditions for a decent wage.”
“Yes sir. Ain’t freedom grand?” the man said.
“Yes, it is.”
He moved down the sidewalk talking to people and shaking hands. Shawn was having a good time, but finally, his security detail hustled him back to his car.
“Where to now, Mr. President?” Beasley asked.
“Let’s get out of the city. Take me out to Camp Bravo. I want to see how our recruits are doing.”
The presidential convoy crossed the city passing through the business district. It headed south through a residential area heading toward one of the dome’s airlock chambers. The convoy stopped behind a long line of cars waiting to enter the airlock and exit the city. Five minutes later, they entered the airlock. The outer doors opened and the convoy exited the dome heading out onto the surface of Europa. They traveled over an icy roadway heading southwest. Shawn gazed out of his passenger window remembering the old days. Getting around had been a lot rougher then. If they were to have a breakdown, they would have to exit the vehicle. They would need to use the EVA suits stored under the car’s seats.
The presidential convoy approached a massive black dome that housed Camp Bravo. Icy Earthworks and razor wire ringed the dome as part of its outer defenses. Shawn saw men in EVA suits patrolling the perimeter. Their convoy approached the main airlock leading into the base. They passed through the airlock, traveled down a tree-lined road, and pulled up to the office complex. The main receiving barracks was on the other side of the road. Shawn’s security detail led him into the main office complex. General George Galloway met Shawn and his detail in the reception center.
“It’s good to see you, Mr. President. What can I do for you?” Galloway asked, in a rough gravelly voice.
“I thought I’d see how our recruits are doing and take a tour of the base. It’s been a while since I’ve been out here.”
“The recruits are settling in. I’d love to give you a tour. Let’s take my staff car.”
President Gallagher followed the general outside, with his security detail flanking him. They climbed into the back seat of the general’s staff car. The general climbed in on the other side, sitting next to the president in the back seat. The general’s driver pulled away from the curb and the presidential motorcade followed.
“Things are starting to get dicey on Mars. We need to assist the resistance there. Do you think these men will be up to it?” Shawn asked the general after they reviewed the troops.
“Of course. What you see here at Camp Bravo, is the tip of the iceberg. We train the troops here and send them to the other bases. We can draw from the troops stationed on Europa plus the other moons, and we can draw troops from Saturn. That’s only the ground pounders. The Navy has the new starbases orbiting the planet, plus the ground side spaceports. We’ll be ready, sir, for whatever you need us to do, but going up against the Federal Defense Forces on Mars is a tall order. We have enough people for the initial deployment. But if it lasts too long, we’ll need more boots on the ground.”
“I see. Thank you general.” Shawn finished the tour and had lunch with the general in his quarters.
After touring Camp Bravo the presidential motorcade headed back to the Capitol, Region. Shawn had his driver take him to the Von Wolf shipyards. After touring the shipyards, Shawn felt much better. He stood on a tarmac next to Ludwig Von Wolf and admired the long line of black diamond-plated battle cruisers. The spaceships bristled with armaments and weapons.
“What do you think, Mr. President?” Wolf asked.
“I’m impressed. Do you mind? I’d like to have a look onboard one of those battlecruisers.”
“Ya. Mr. President, then we will have some good German Vodka like the old times ya?”
“That’s what I was counting on,” Shawn said and then laughed.
Ludwig gave Shawn the grand tour of the fleet’s newest battle cruiser. When Shawn stood on the bridge, he couldn’t help but wonder how many people would die in this battle for Mars.
Later, they were sitting in what would be the vessel’s captain’s lounge having a drink. Shawn looked up at Mr. Wolf. “I may have to deploy the fleet to Mars to help Mr. Falcon’s resistance. Do you think we have enough ships to stand up to the council’s main battle fleet?”
Wolf down a shot of vodka. “Ya. The ships we have, but the sailors to man them? We could be short.”
Shawn nodded. “I’ll have to issue a recall of former service personnel.”
“Plus there are those who served in the council’s Federal Defense Forces before they came here.”
Shawn nodded. “We won’t have much time to train them.”
“They could train in space, what do you say in America? OJT?”
They finished their drink. The presidential motorcade took Shawn back to the capitol building.
The first thing Shawn did when he arrived, back at his office was to sit down in front of his computer. He typed out an executive order detailing the call back of all former military personnel. He heaved a sigh. Shawn finished the document and transmitted it to the senators and congressmen of the New Republic. He sent the document to all the people in his cabinet as well. Finished with that, he sat down in front of his VID screen and hit the record button. He set a timer on his console. The recording would broadcast shortly after the miners walked off the job on Mars.
“Citizens of the New Republic. Due to the tensions on Mars, I have issued an executive order. I am recalling all former military personnel to active duty. You are to report to Camp Bravo for processing. We need sailors to man the new ships that we are building. Due to the shortage of personnel, we don’t have time to go through normal channels. All though we may not need everyone, I’ll let the generals and the admirals decide who stays and who goes home. I assume they’ll come up with some type of lottery or something. I don’t take this course lightly. This is the first executive order I have issued since I became president. I don’t like doing it now. I prefer going through congress to pass a law, but the restraints of time won’t allow it. Thank you and good night.”
Shawn flipped a toggle on his console ending the recording. He sent a VID transmission to all his military commanders. A few minutes later, the following text message scrolled across the screen. Incoming VID transmission/urgent/Eddie Falcon/Mars/People’s Fist/encryption level one.
“Computer, play incoming video feed,” Shawn said, and the image of Eddie Falcon filled the screen.
“Hello, old friend,” Eddie said.
“Hello yourself. How’ve you been Eddie?”
“Oh, you know. Things are busy right now. You’re on the secure network and your intelligence boys are top-notch, so I expect you know what’s going down.”
Shawn nodded. “I issued an executive order recalling all former military personnel. I recorded a tapped broadcast announcing it to air one hour after you call the strike.”
“I guess that means I can count on you for support?”
“Of course it does. When we declared our independence, we would have had a harder time, if it weren’t for you keeping the feds busy on Mars.”
“Those were some hectic times.”
Speaking of old times, this almost seems like déjàvu. Back when the feds had us under blockade, I talked to one of our old shipmates. He served on your team in the PPF. If I remember right, his name was Chambers Jack Chambers. He was serving as the master of one of those deep-space vessels that the feds sent out three years ago.”
“Chambers. I remember him. He’s a good man. He’s going to find things a bit different when he returns.”
“It’s funny how the loyalties run with them PPF boys,” Shawn said.
“I know. There are those like ourselves and John Wilson, who saw through the federal bullshit. Then there were those like Chambers and Banister who bought the party line hook, line, and sinker.”
“What do you think the federal response will be when you call the strike?” Shawn asked.
“I’m sure they’ll arrest the union officers and force the miners back to work. We’ll use that as an excuse to launch the attack and declare our independence.”
“What if they give in to your demands, or stall and do nothing?”
“That would throw a monkey wrench into our plans. We want public opinion on our side, but I don’t think that will happen. They can’t afford to lose Mars too.”
“Once they make their move against the union officers, we’ll put our forces here on alert. When you launch the attack, we’ll be there for you with troops on the ground. We'll send a fleet of ships, but once we take Mars, there’s no going back. We’ll be fighting on Earth before we know it.”
“We both knew this day would come. It’s what we’ve dedicated most of our lives to. I thank you for your support.”
“How long now until you call the strike?” Shawn asked.
“Midnight our time, which is in about eight hours.”
“Which should be about two AM here. I wish you good luck and Godspeed, my friend. I know you have other things to attend to.”
“That I do. Once we get things under control here, you’ll have to come for a visit.”
“You know I will,” Shawn said and ended the transmission.
Finished for the night, Shawn left his office and headed down the hallway to his living quarters. He poured himself a shot of whiskey and took a seat in front of his home theater system. “Computer play channel six,” he said. The computer turned on the VID screen and tuned in to channel six. A sitcom played on the entertainment channel, but Shawn couldn’t concentrate on it. His thoughts were still on Eddie Falcon and Mars. What are we about to unleash? He wondered. The red planet is about to turn ever redder, with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
***




About the author

David Donaghe lives in the high desert of Southern California with his wife and family. In his spare time, David writes short stories and novels. When not reading or writing, David enjoys riding his motorcycle. He rides with his brothers and sisters in the American Cruisers motorcycle club. This is where he gets some of his ideas for his writing. With the club, David volunteers at the local veteran’s home and helps the police and fire department deliver toys to children in town at Christmas. When not reading, writing, or riding his motorcycle, David enjoys practicing martial arts. Above all David loves hearing from his readers. To contact him by email
mailto:dhdonaghe@earthlink.net

Contact him on Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/david.donaghe.5
Facebook Author Page
https://www.facebook.com/authordaviddonaghe/?ref=pages_you_manage
Find him on Twitter
https://twitter.com/david_donaghe
Author Webpage
https://dhdonaghe.weebly.com/
Contact the Author
https://dhdonaghe.weebly.com/contact-the-author.html
Blog
https://dhdonaghe.wordpress.com/
Sign up for Author Newsletter
http:eepurl.com/gYr4UL


Other Books by David Donaghe

Tale Spinner
Monroe’s Paranormal Investigations
Thunder Road
In the Wind
Blood Bond
Door Number Two
The Battle for Mars
The Battle for Planet Earth
Galactic War-Coming Soon
Tales from the Lost Highway
The House on Maple Street


