




The Reluctant Cuckoo
By Aaron Singer

Copyright © 2020 Aaron Singer
Smashwords Edition









      “Your turn next Monsieur Thomas,” whispered the overweight, scruffily dressed young man, whose long, unkempt fair hair looked as though it contained more grease than the Frankfurter sausage the professor had forced down for his lunch, and the smell was very similar too. The spotty-faced usher spoke in a very broad French accent, which was barely comprehensible to the listening ears of this prominent English academic.

“What did you say? Can’t you speak English properly?  I’m sure these bloody Johnny foreigners do it on purpose,” thought the professor as he was about to give his speech to the waiting audience which comprised the world’s most influential and elite business people, dignitaries and royals, at Davos 2050.  “That’s Professor Thomas to you, young man,” the professor snapped back in his brash London accent.  “And here is some free advice. You should consider having your hair cut and washed from time to time, because it smells as though you’ve just pulled your head out of a greasy hot dog bun.”  

The young man looked deeply shocked and his face had turned scarlet, highlighting the infestation of yellow-headed spots that covered it. He was desperate to answer back to this deeply offensive English man, but he could see that this was a fight he couldn’t win. He just took the blow on the chin and gave the professor his back. He then whispered in his native tongue, “English Pig.” 
The professor heard the faint whisper of his prey’s insult; he decided not to retaliate because after years of dishing out rudeness he had become hardened to such under breath mutterings. In fact he took them all as though they were badges of honour awarded to him for enlightening the great unwashed.

Professor Thomas came from a long line of academic Thomas’s. He was the unfortunate one christened John. His late father, a brilliant scholar in his own field of expertise, was alas somewhat naïve living in the real world, as a young John soon discovered. When he was growing up, from an early school age through to university, he was cruelly assigned nicknames such as ‘Prick’ and ‘Pee-Wee’ by his young, immature and very spotty tormentors, which lead to many a transgression, none of which solved the problem, but they gave John some relief from being named after a male appendage, for a while at least. I guess it could have been much worse though, because they could have called him names far worse than those he was labelled with, most too rude to mention.  It was being christened John that probably set him off on his path of a life of studying and solitude because he grew to dislike his fellow humans; this tall, lean and rather ordinary looking man could think of nothing better than being immersed in his virtual world of scientific discovery, without the distraction of distasteful, incompetent people. This lonesome lifestyle may have suited his reclusive personality, but it did nothing for his people skills. He had been given a likeability factor of zero by his fellow scientists at the E.M.I.S.S, which is an acronym for the Ethan Miles Institute for Space Sciences, at which he had the title of ‘Head Scientist and Controller.’ He was scientifically brilliant and the greatest mind in the field of A.I, artificial intelligence. He was the inventor of the first, truly independently thinking artificial brain which to some people was a step too far. He oversaw all departments at E.M.I.S.S, from new rocket designs to space flight projects. It was he who was the chief controller of humankind’s first landing on the planet Mars, some 20 years ago now. He was well respected by his team which was comprised of the most eminent scientists on the planet, however they feared him because of his fierce temper tantrums and their feelings of insecurity when dealing with this megalith of the science world. They even had their own nickname for him, whispered in the quiet corridors and secluded laboratories of the institute. They all knew that if he discovered any of them calling him ‘Darth Vader’, it would surely mean instant decapitation by light sabre for that unfortunate soul or at the very least the biggest Rollicking of their lives. What they weren’t aware of though, is that he knew about this nickname being bandied around the building, but he had concluded to himself that it was much preferable to the past unwelcome and hurtful names referring to him as a male penis. In fact, he quite enjoyed being compared to one of the most infamous villains in literary history. In his mind, living on the dark side gave him his power.  

Chapter 1 

Professor Thomas walked out onto the lonely stage of the Davos Congress Centre, with a feeling of foreboding. He was expected to give his long-awaited speech about the improvements in space science, or at least that’s what was on the schedule, but the Professor had other ideas. 
The congress centre had gone through many alterations and improvements over the years and the last set of changes had been made only two years ago and now it could accommodate up to 9,000 guests. It was the WEF’s use of the centre since the early 1970s that made it such a prestigious place to hold conferences. John had never understood the attraction of Davos. Why on earth would any sensible person want to freeze their bloody ass off on top of a freezing, snow covered Swiss mountain, that’s only good for insufferable skiers and smelly mountain goats, the latter being the preferred company?   Surely Barbados, with its warm sandy beaches and tranquil blue waters would be so much better. But no, he had to endure this ‘Devils Congregation’ suffering from frostbite to his fingers and toes. Even the tacky and tasteless Las Vegas would be more desirable than here, he thought. 

 John looked out to the conference room; it was large and extremely modern with its theme of white walls, stainless steel fittings and huge visual display screens covering most of the available wall space. Not the typical Swiss chalet look of wooden beams and cuckoo clocks, he thought, but rather clinical, resembling his local hospital, which gave him a sudden shudder of dread because it reminded him about the imminent medical procedure to fix his painful right elbow, if he ever gets the time. John hated hospitals and the ‘touchy feely’ doctors and nurses who paraded the corridors and rooms that are infested with who knows what kind of newly evolving bugs. It was truly some kind of hell enclosed with bacteria infested walls and windows. He winced at the thought of being imprisoned in such a place; maybe the elbow pain wasn’t so bad, after all.  The stage was raised up, so that the occupants of the first twenty rows of seats, had to look up to see him. This amused him, because it was probably the first time in their decadent lives that these selfish billionaires, and maybe one or two future trillion dollar demigods, would look up to a scientist. To his sadness though, he thought It was such a shame that the rest of the audience was looking down on a person of science, as usual.  The attentive audience members of the World Economic Forum, the people he despised the most in the world, because, in his mind, these parasites were the greedy, unethical planet destroyers whose measure of success was calculated by the number of corrupt politicians they had tethered to the oversize bulging wallets that were held securely in their jacket pockets. It was them and their many predecessors who had taken us to the very edge of extinction. If the hatred and contempt he had for these bigwigs of wealth was a measurement on the Richter scale, then surely the roof of this Swiss Alpine building would have shaken apart by now and buried the lot of them with a crash of justified social vengeance.    

Chapter 2  

The audience gave a rousing applause as John approached the podium, wearing his trademark tweed jacket and white shirt sporting a blue bow tie. His trousers were the black, shiny ones he always wore, stretching down his long legs, stopping about two centimetres above his brown, slip-on shoes. He held a stern look of defiance, barely able to hide the loathing for these appreciative onlookers. The applause quickly died down and the unsuspecting audience sensed nothing was wrong, because John’s staring eyes and straight-lipped face was his usual look. The Gorgon’s gaze only turned people into stone; John’s stare was cold and frightening and turned the lookers into quivering wrecks.  They were about to be broadsided by a man on a global mission to accuse and berate the very people he blames for our planet’s predicament. This was his moment to knock some sense into these very prominent people of society’s elite and shame them into donating large sums of their ill-gotten gains to save humanity. Though it was probably already too late because since the late 1970s 99% of the world’s scientists had been sending reports to their respective governments telling of the dangers of Global Warming and impending doom and how it would cause catastrophic changes to our home planet and all the living creatures on it. This audience of decadent and unconscionable death mongers had ignored the 99% and only listened to the 1% because that was best for their bank accounts and of course they were the very ones who commissioned those mercenary few to rubbish. What was really happening by muddying the waters of reality. Those few scientists had done such a good job of misdirecting the truth that most of the world’s leading governments wore blinkers. They conveniently ignored the truth because it was easier and so much better for their respective economies, by allowing big businesses to carry on with their endless and relentless burning of fossil fuels. Yes, many countries had their clean energy programs producing electricity from wind, water and sun, but this was just window dressing, giving themselves the illusion that they were doing their part although every year oil production had increased. This fuelled the ravenous hunger for that black gold of destruction which was killing our planet. Even the clean energy being created was drowning in an ocean of black death.  

Chapter 3  

John was now standing at the podium, ready to address the eager and enthusiastic listening ears of the room. His face was taught and ashen, because the reality of standing in front of so many people to chastise and preach to, especially with the speech he had planned for them, was one of the most daunting moments of his life. Nonetheless, he was ready for this confrontation with the Devil’s offspring.  He looked out at the room, from left to right and then back to the centre and said.  “I would like to congratulate all of you here today, at this the 2050 World Economic Congress in Davos, for another year of financial success for your respective companies and I’m sure the profits were very healthy enabling some huge bonuses to be awarded.”  John knew that these were the very words that would excite the smug occupants of the room and grab their attention. They were like overly excited vermin, amassed in a room of rotting carcases. He really knew how to pull their chains, talk about preaching to the choir! It would be some kind of justice if pulling this particular chain would flush them down into the deepest, darkest sewer imaginable, he wickedly thought. 

 “Well, I have some breaking news to reveal to you all that will wipe away those smiles of indulgence.” The audience looked somewhat puzzled by John’s remark. “What could it be that he would announce?” they thought. John got close to the black podium microphone; he was almost choking on it, because he wanted everyone in the room to hear what he was about to say, without exception.  He shouted into it, with his London accent. Some people, who knew him, thought he looked and sounded like that famous and much loved British actor of the latter day, Michael Cain.   “According to the vast majority of the world’s most esteemed global scientists, it is now official, we’re all doomed, the Earth’s atmosphere has been polluted by too many years of carbon emissions and it is now way past the tipping point. But don’t worry, it’s not all bad news,” he said with a wry smile on his face. “The planet will repair itself. In a million years or so. The problem is that humans won't be around to see it, because we will be extinct along with most other mammals.”  The members of the audience were now looking a little perturbed and began fidgeting in their seats, wondering why they were on the receiving end of this bombshell of a statement. You could see them slyly whispering to the person sat next to them. 

“What has that got to do with us?” one said.  “Why is this arrogant scientist spoiling our annual meeting? it’s unforgivable!” another one said to his nodding neighbour.  John could see the reaction from the puzzled audience and quickly continued.
 “Well, I will tell you why. It is because of YOU, yes YOU and YOU and all of YOU over there.” As he was saying that, he was pointing at the audience with his two hands stretched out and both index fingers targeting the main culprits like cold steel daggers inflicting a painful wound.  “None of you have listened to our constant warnings. You just kept on burning the oil as fast as it was being pumped out of the earth, to fuel your lust for even more wealth. Plus the fact that the many emerging economies have become so successful over the last twenty or thirty years. This means that the final nail in the planet’s coffin has been duly forged and impaled by the carbon hammer of death.”  John paused for a few seconds to catch his breath.    

Chapter 4   

The professor gazed upon the shell-shocked elite, with his eyes red from rage. His stage fright was just a distant memory now. He spoke to the audience in a milder tone and calmly said,  “The countless warning signs have been on display for decades, but the world refused to read them, instead we just carried on as though nothing was wrong.” He slammed his fists onto the podium ledge, almost sending the microphone crashing down to the wooden stage floor.   “Business as usual,” he cried out. “That’s what we did, business as usual, and sod the consequences, for too bloody long. Well the world’s business is about to go bust and all of us workers with it. Only it’s not just our jobs that will be lost but our very existence. YES! We are all going to die.”
He paused again, and this time he scanned the room, looking for any signs of remorse in the faces of the audience. He would get more of that from one of his cats that had just brought home a freshly killed sparrow that had been dumped on the kitchen floor.  “For most of you seated in this room, you probably won't notice much difference with your extremely fortunate lives. But your children will and as for your grandchildren, well!.”  He lowered his head and spoke with a sad voice,   “Let’s just say that they will be the ones who will inherit the full force of the toxic legacy we have bestowed upon them, along with the rest of the worlds creatures.” 

John gave another long pause and composed himself in a manner more fitting of a world renown scientist. Once again, he navigated the room with his staring bloodshot eyes and then suddenly became filled with that rage again, only this time, much more intense.   “Oy you over there. Yes you!”  He screamed, sounding like a sprinting London police officer in pursuit of a dangerous criminal. He pointed towards a man sitting directly in front of him in row 10. The fist of his pointing arm was clenched so tightly that his hand had turned white.  “Am I boring you?” he shouted.
“Is your tedious messaging more important than the impending death of our planet? Put the bloody device down and listen. PLEASE.” The man was so surprised that he panicked and threw down the device he was so engrossed in and gave John a sheepish half wave of apology. This man had probably never been spoken to like that in his life, well at least not since becoming the CEO of the largest oil company on the planet.  “For your information,” John said with both hands back on the podium,  “Humanity has now entered a stage so dangerous it will probably far exceed all the wars we have fought in, combined. We already have various water wars taking place, which will escalate soon. We will have mass migration of people leaving their lands because no crops will grow. The sea will rise, even faster than it already is, submerging large parts of the continents under water. Florida will soon be changing its name to New Holland because of all the pointless dykes that are being erected. All that will achieve is to create the world’s biggest sea water swimming pool once they have been overrun and the real Holland won't be selling tulips and daffodils anymore but seaweed and kelp. It’s rather fortunate that the Dutch are still the tallest people on Earth, perhaps they will still be able to keep their heads above water, for a few years, at least.”  John placed his right hand onto his chest, like an American singing the national anthem and continued.   “Those are just two examples of land disappearing in the very near future. I could continue with this horror story of disappearing states and countries because of rising sea levels. But I will leave you to discover your own home’s fate. Disease and starvation will be common because of low food output because of heat and lack of water and many other problems we will have to endure to survive as a species. But I feel that we have left it much too late and we will go the same way as the dinosaurs; the difference is they didn’t have a choice, we did, and we chose death.”    

Chapter 5  
 
John had now primed his audience in readiness for the real reason for his attending this awful gathering of the rich and powerful. He stood tall by the podium and raised a glass of water to his dry parched lips and slowly took a few sips while the onlookers pondered what he had just told them, none daring to look away from the stage, even if they were busting for a bathroom break. They were not brave enough to risk the wrath of John.  John spoke into the microphone with a calm and reassuring voice,   “Dear friends and colleagues…” The audience felt a rush of relief running through their bodies.  “As most of you are aware, I have had the privilege of being a team member and then the controller of the Ethan Miles Institute for Space Sciences or shortened to E.M.I.S.S. We have quietly been preparing for this moment and we have come up with a plan to ensure humanities continuing existence, albeit not on this planet.”  The audience now seemed to be sitting up in their seats more attentively and wondering what John meant. He continued.  “You know it was our program that landed a manned craft on Mars and then established a small colony of scientists to explore it. Well, we don’t propose using Mars to save the human race that would be just awful for the people and impracticable for so many reasons. For one, humans like to breathe air, so Mars is a really big No.” 

The audience were now taking in John’s every word, eager to know how they could be saved.  “We have a plan to transport ten thousand humans, YES ten thousand! Not to a planet or moon within our solar system, but we propose sending humans out to seed our Galaxy.”
The audience started muttering to themselves in disbelief, for reasons quite apparent, they were probably thinking that we can barely survive a journey to Mars and this crazy Brit wants to send humans light years away! John could see the look of disbelief from the audience and quickly decided to take a leaf out of the book of JFK and said to the doubters,  “Sending sailing ships to find the new world was dangerous, but we did it. Shooting a man up into space, was crazy and we did that, then we landed men on the moon, impossible, but we achieved that too and then, we went on to establishing a colony on Mars, Preposterous! Everyone said, but we did it.”

John suddenly looked excited and continued.   “We now have the technology to send humans interstellar and next week my team and I will be holding a press conference at the E.M.I.S.S. to make the announcement to the worlds press and social sites to explain the details of this, Humanities greatest adventure, which can and must be done, there is no choice.”  John had now cast the hook, and, with luck, the fat fish will bite and attend next week.  “Thank you all for listening to me and I know that you all will be very interested with the details and goals of our mission for the exploration of the Cosmos, which will ensure that humans remain extant and not extinct.”   John turned to his right and started to walk towards the stage exit, with a feeling of both relief and happiness because he had achieved tonight’s goal. Then he heard something he really didn’t expect and was quite taken aback. The audience stood up and applauded him vigorously. “Bollocks” he thought to himself, now I’ll have to go back to the podium and thank these bloodsuckers, but as he was almost at the side exit he just gave a wave in the direction of the audience and carried on walking without even turning his head.   “Phew, that was bloody close” he muttered to himself and exited the stage.

PAUSED flashed onto the screen.

Chapter 6

S.T.A.N.N. L2, was one of the two third generation robots of that series, they did all the maintenance on landing craft number one of ten. All ten were identical and attached to the mothership’s central gantry.   L2 spent most of its time viewing the crafts enormous library which contained all the history, knowledge, and everything that humankind had ever written or recorded. This data  was stored on the latest quantum storage units, given the nickname by its inventor, Tardis after Dr Who’s police box. If it wasn’t for this new technology the library would have been larger than all ten landers combined and completely impractical.   L2 wasn’t supposed to be this way, it was meant to be on standby mode during / throughout the mission, except for the scheduled maintenance tasks every ten years, or in case of emergencies. Something went wrong with L2’s system controller, so it stayed constantly activated, unlike L1 which functions normally. The S.T.A.N.N, robots were the brainchild of professor John Thomas, he had worked on these particular models for five years and completed the project, without much time to spare, before the launch of the mission. John had also been in charge of the main ship’s computer design, which was needed to navigate and search for habitable planets in our part of the galaxy. S.T.A.N.N, which is an acronym of Synthetic Tract Artificial Neural Network, were specifically designed to take care of the lander during its thousands of year’s long journey. Then once a suitable planet had been located and the landing craft separated from the main ship, they would orbit the new world and search for the best possible area that could sustain human life and then safely pilot the lander to its final predetermined destination. They had been programmed to learn and work under their own initiative until the humans took the lead. L2 had now spent over 5,000 equivalent of earth years in activation mode and at first it just stayed motionless waiting for the ten-year maintenance schedule to come around and complete its task along with L1. It would then stay motionless for another cycle. After a few decades of this routine it’s neural network or artificial brain started to wonder if there was more to this existence and so it found the library, which was meant for the humans use and began to explore its contents. 

L2 was drawn to the history of this mission, perhaps because it is where it began its existence and could explain what its purpose was. That’s something that humans had been battling over since they learned to speak. It must be quite comforting to know your place in the universe. It also gets to see its creator through these windows into the past, something else humans have fought with forever.   

Chapter 7 

 L2 pressed the play button of the library console, using one of its four metal hands, which were almost identical to human ones, these were probably the only parts that were actually worth copying, the rest of human evolutionary parts had nothing that could benefit an artificial life form, although that didn’t stop most human inventors trying to emulate their flawed bodies, for reasons unknown to L2.   Its hands were attached to four long rubber like arms that were wiry, about 50 mm diameter that could go off in any direction and could stretch to about two metres and then shrink back down to their normal length of half a metre. Of course the hands were not made of flesh and bone, it needed something that wasn’t as fragile but be much stronger and made from more durable materials that would last for thousands of years. They were interchangeable and any number of tools could be added for any given specific task. The rest of the robot’s body resembled a novelty transport device which was used for a short period of time by a few people. It was called a Segway and the ironic thing, according to the history books, is the man who owned the company drove his over a cliff and died. I hope L1 and L2 have better luck. There are a pair wheels that are attached to either side of the main body which has a solid, blue post like structure containing various lights and hatches and two pairs of arms. The top of the body has a glass like head that that sits on top of the rest, but without a neck, so the main body is just one part. Inside is where the hologram face is situated and it can move around 360 degrees, but this is just for the sake of humans it makes the robot seem more lifelike to the people, just like the old cartoons and films of old. The robot has no real use for this face, but it does allow it the ability to give itself the appearance of anyone in its data base, in fact it sees through a lens that goes around its torso, just below its face, giving it 360 degree vision. L2 also has the ability to speak and read in any language and can mimic the voice of anyone or thing on file.

Chapter 8

“I’m not bloody well having a film crew following me around all day and night” John moaned.

“But Professor Thomas, it was agreed and signed by the lawyers at the sponsorship meeting, “replied David, John’s secretary.

“I wasn’t at the meeting; I didn’t agree to it and I’m not doing it. Hey, Mr Cameraman, go away and violate someone else’s privacy, because you’re not hounding me,” he said with a stern threatening voice.  
The cameraman looked confused and said under his breath   “These ass hole Brits are a real pain.” It was lucky for him that John didn’t hear him because by now the man’s camera would have been shoved up the very thing he had described John as being. Just at that moment Ethan Miles was driving by in his motor chair that had a big “Space Co” sign on the back. He overheard the commotion and said to John “I see that the dark demons are rising Johnny, shall we go into the next room for a moment”

 If any other person on the planet had called John, Johnny he would have ripped out their tongue and stamped on it with all his might. But this wasn’t just anybody it was Ethan Miles, the person whose name is above the door and is perhaps the greatest visionary of all time. Surely if anyone deserves a little bit of lee way it was him, so John gritted his teeth and followed Ethan for some privacy.
It was a bit of a tight squeeze  getting Ethan's cart and John to fit into the cleaning supplies storage room, but it was either that or them going out, red faced to admit they picked the wrong room. John quickly started the conversation by saying “Ethan, I know what “
Ethan interrupted and replied with a smile on his face, ”John, we need this sponsorship money to help with the project, after all it is a billion dollars. Surely being filmed for a while is worth that amount?”  Ethan continued before John could groan back at him, “I tell you what Johnny, do this and I will refit Babbage and Turing’s cat room with state of the art equipment that cats would die for, nine times.” The cats were like John’s children, he pampered them and treated them as though they were actually little boys. He had even named them after the two scientists he respected the most. Ethan really knew John’s weak spot and had played his hand well because John, although still reluctant, couldn’t resist a bribe that would benefit his furry friends. Of course Ethan could have just ordered him to do his job but sometimes it’s better to give a little to then receive a lot in return.   

The people in the corridor were still standing there, completely baffled as to why the top two people of the institute were squeezed together, like sardines in the cleaner’s cupboard. 
“This is very strange,” whispered David to the person standing next to him.  “I really don’t understand this at all”. He was now scratching his head with his left hand, while his right hand was searching his pockets for the little box of pills he kept with him, at all times for such occasions.
He had been secretary to John for many years now, John had brought him over from England with him when he had accepted the post at EMISS.  David was a quiet man with the personality of brick. Some people even think that he is in fact one of the professor’s robots, but I doubt that even a robot could be that robotic. David was of average height, average build and was, well, average in every visual way and of course very single, although he did disappear for long weekends and holidays on a regular basis, but no one, as of yet, had fathomed out where on earth he went for all these breaks. Those same people thought he had to go in for regular services or refits. He was extremely smart and especially meticulous when it came to organising his boss’s schedule and John being in a cupboard was definitely not on his to do list, hence the pill box. David really needed some help to calm his nerves while John was off schedule.  The door of the room opened, and John stepped out with a huge smile on his face, that’s about as rare as a blood moon up in the night sky, on a Wednesday.  Ethan followed next, reversing out his of motor chair, hitting the door frames several times before freeing himself.

“Well done Mr Miles, you made that look so easy,” shouted out one of the patient observers.

John took a mental picture of the young lady's face who said that because he loathed bull-shitters and surely her nose wreaked of the brown stuff, “She won't be working in my team,” he thought. John went over to the cameraman who had been filming this ‘gold’ the entire time and said to him in a nice tone,“What’s your name then Mr cameraman? Because I have a feeling we will be seeing a lot of each over the coming weeks.”
The happily surprised man replied,“My name is Hank,” and continued with a terrible British accent,  “But not a lot of people know that.” The other people had no idea why Hank had said that, but John did, and he gave Hank a sly smile and a nod of approval.

“Hey professor, what shall I call you?” Hank shouted in a deep southern drawl.  John looked him straight in the eye and replied, “You can address me as Professor Thomas or Sir,” Then he winked at him with his right eye and smiled as he walked away.    

Chapter 9 

“You ain’t nothing but a hound dog, crying all the time!” L2 was singing out loud to itself with the exact voice of the late great Elvis Presley. Just at that moment L1 was activated to carry out the scheduled ten-year maintenance check, oblivious to the fact that it had interrupted L2’s Rock n Roll Karaoke session. This seemed to annoy L2 because it murmured in the direction of L1, “Damn party pooper.”

During L2’s continuous state of activation it had read, watched and listened to all the library’s contents many, many times and it seemed to be drawn to the films and songs of the 1900s. Why? It’s a mystery. Maybe L2 was showing signs of pleasure which shouldn’t be possible for a robot, but it had just spent 5,000 years evolving in solitary confinement, so who knows? It’s storage memory, although extremely large, wasn’t anywhere near large enough to save all the information it had experienced, but it was able to recall certain information like songs, scenes of films and characters, but invariably it got things mixed up, like an eccentric person from days of old.  It had the ability to connect to the library’s console and actually become any one of the characters of that film, experiencing the viewpoint of that character’s fictional life. So it could watch the same film over and over, learning something new each time. It seemed to prefer musical films more than any other genre; perhaps the music excited its neural network.     

Chapter 10

L1 had now returned to its docking station and went back into standby mode, leaving L2 alone in the now eerily silent lander. The only thing L2 could sense was a slight vibration running through the metal floor it was stuck on.  The interior of the landing craft, L2’S world for all of its existence, was about the size of one of those automated electric transport lorries that flowed along the highways in complete safety, en route to the delivery points they were programmed to attend.  The profession of a lorry driver had long since gone, the old skill of driving was about as useful as the pony express for delivery packages in our modern world, as were so many other jobs that AI had taken over from humans.  Its shape was that of a lozenge, resembling a giant cough sweet, this would give it the aerodynamics it would need for the safe entry into a planet’s atmosphere without burning up. The interior walls of the ship were coloured silver and corrugated. They were attached to the metal beams, presumably to give added strength to the lightweight alloy specially produced for this project, so new that it hadn’t even been given a name by the manufacturers.

The floor was also made from this same material but had been given a magnetic coating. There was only one room on this craft, and it housed everything needed for the colonisation of the new planet and it was quite spacious.  The rocket engines and internal power units were situated on the outer hull, only to be brought into service when the time was right. These would be used to slow down the lander once it had been ejected from the mothership. It would then be guided into a safe orbit around the new home, ready for the eventual entry through the planet’s atmosphere. Once their job was done, they would disengage from the lander and be set on a course towards the planet’s sun for destruction, in case of possible pollution to the new world. It beggars belief why humanity couldn’t have been so pre-cautious and caring for its own planet. The lander would then float down to the planet’s surface, attached to giant parachutes with its only means of guidance coming from the now activated jets that were strategically placed on the outer shell.  Let’s hope that the wind would be kind on that particular day. Underneath the lander were huge, drone like propellers that would be turned on for the last part of the craft’s downward journey to rapidly slow down its descent, supposedly to allow a gentle controlled landing. It did work in the trials back home, but that was in our atmosphere. 

The mother-ship’s endless supply of power was generated by its fusion reactor and the hydrogen converter chamber that could collect the universe’s most abundant element, while travelling through space powered all the landers and transform it into electricity. 
Once the landers were disengaged from the mothership they were on their own, having to rely on the craft’s fully-charged storage batteries until they had landed and were able to produce their own power from the various green energy generators.  Inside the lander, lined up along one of the two longer walls were ten large transparent vessels standing up like a row of giant test tubes, patiently waiting for a scientific experiment to begin. On the opposite wall, from end to end, were the various storage compartments containing the ship’s precious cargo and all the necessary ingredients for assisting in the creation of life.The shorter sides of the room were where the L’s docking bays were situated, one either end, to minimise the risk of both being damage from some unforeseen event because if only one got damaged the mission could still go ahead, almost as efficiently.  Each of the L’s used their respective docking bays to connect to the ship’s power supply to charge their batteries, L2’s would need to be charged up every day because of their constant use due to it never powering down. The state of the art batteries housed inside the L’s were never designed for such constant usage and would surely deteriorate quickly. L2 instinctively recognised this, so it commandeered a long length of power cable, from a now defunct minor system, and bypassed its own batteries feeding it directly with its life blood of electricity via an extension cable. There were no Star Trek type navigation consoles with flashing lights or rows of switches and buttons to press, because they weren’t needed. All the systems were controlled directly through the L’s Wi-Fi controllers and when the time came for the lander to disengage from the mothership after a new habitable planet had been discovered, the L’s would be the navigators.  Of course, there was no need for an air supply in the landers because the L’s didn’t need it, the same with gravity, they didn’t have to worry about floating about because they could cling to the floor in the weightless conditions, using their magnetic wheels. The roof of the lander was fitted with various hatches used for storage space for all the lighter equipment needed when landed. Under the floor all the heavier items were stowed away, of course while in space there was no up or down but once the lander was on the ground having the lighter items above did make good sense.

Chapter 11

L2 pressed play. The professor was walking down the long, straight corridor toward the institutes conference room, that was covered with large framed photographs graphically depicting the fifty year long and very successful history of Ethan Miles Space Co. Hank was following close behind, but not so close as to encourage John to start swearing at him and threatening to have him replaced with a robot. To Hank that would be the ultimate insult because he believed that using a camera was still an art form, and that there was a lot more than pointing and recording events, you have to get the angles and distances just right, also  adding a little of “je ne sais quoi,” that’s something that can’t be programmed into an A.I..  John soon reached the closed door of the conference room and just stood there, without going in. He thought to himself, with his eyes closed tightly and hands clasped together resting on the back of his head. Today was probably the most important day in humanities history and what an important task he and his team had ahead of them. They had to persuade millionaires, billionaires, governments and institutions to part with the one thing they all treasured the most, their money. 
John thought there wasn’t a hope in hell of the majority of these groups, just handing over vast fortunes, but he did have an extremely large, gold plated carrot to dangle in front of them. Something so basic that most of us just take it for granted, and it’s a way of ensuring that their bloodline, their offspring will continue reproducing way into the future even if our planet can no longer support life. Surely, even the most miserly and money conscious of the rich set could not refuse, a once only chance like this.

“I’m selling them virtual immortality for their DNA for God’s sake.” he thought.

Chapter 12

John walked up to the door, it slid opened automatically, with the noise of a swish, just like that of the Star ship enterprise. It is said that the door is in fact silent, but Ethan Miles had the noise added because he thought it was cool. The very large circular room was packed to capacity with politicians, scientists and reporters from countries all around the world, eagerly waiting for this monumental announcement. The seating of the room went all around creating a circle of patient and excited people sitting down from floor level to about halfway up the wall's height. They were totally surrounding the circular centre stage, which was raised up by about one metre. The circular stage was divided into two halves down the diameter by a temporary wall. One side was empty, and the other side had a row of 5 seats arranged behind the long front desk, with name tags placed in front of each chair.
The people seated at the back of the wall were very surprised and some annoyed that they wouldn’t be able to see the panel in the flesh but only on some strategically positioned TV screens, which were not yet turned on. 

John entered the room causing the mutterings of the audience to go silent as they watched him walk up to the stage and climb the short flight of stairs to gain entry to this platform, shadowed by Hank. John stopped at the top and turned round because he could still feel Hank's presence, like that sixth sense feeling of knowing you are being spied on by a peeping Tom, He looked at Hank and wagged his finger at him and mouthed two words, “Go Away,” “although he was thinking of two different words to say.” But decided that this was a family show. Hank got the message because he walked down the stairs backwards and slowly made his way over to a clear space like a scolded puppy.    

John was wearing his usual outfit but with one exception this time, his shoes were black, apparently Hank had dared to remark to John that black and brown didn’t really go together, so John, after reminding Hank, who was who, in this insufferable and temporary relationship, told David to get black shoes for him, which he did that same day. He was quite relieved because he had often thought the same about his bosses’ attire but never had Hanks courage or stupidity to say anything.       

The professor walked over to his allocated chair, which was positioned in the centre of the panel, leaving half of the audience starring at a blank wall. The other half began applauding John's arrival onto the stage and they were all feeling superior and more important than the blind side. John picked up the microphone in his right hand, walked to the edge of the stage and while looking down at the first few rows of people to say hello, he got a glimpse of his new black shoes and thought, maybe Hank was right. He then waved at everyone, this side of the room and made the comment, “Obviously this half of the audience is the ones with the money,”
They laughed with delight while the out of sight half were feeling even more pissed off. John walked over to the other side and gave them a wave and said, ” Don’t worry everyone, you will go to the ball, Just like Cinderella.” He carried on.” You are the lucky members of this room because you are about to witness and experience the world premiere of our fully integrated hologram system, wait until you see it, it’s amazing.”
John walked around to the other side of the stage and pulled from his jacket, right side pocket a little control unit. He held it up to the audience and said, ” wait for the reaction on the other side,” “here goes,” he shouted and pressed a button.
The blind side of the room were truly amazed, there were shouts of “wow” and “it’s so real.” What they could now see was an exact replica of what the other side could see, it was as if they had all changed seats with the other side.  “Okay” shouted John,   ” we had better get on with this meeting before the electricity runs out because of that power hungry hologram.” He said with a rare smile and continued, ”I would now like to introduce you to the other members of this panel, starting off with the boss, Mr Ethan Miles.”   The room doors opened and in came Ethan’s motorised chair, with him at the wheel. He arrived at the stairs and stopped, John said. “ Oh no, we forgot to build the bosses ramp,”   The audience smiled awkwardly. John shouted to Ethan.   “Sorry guv, but you will have to sit this one out, unless we can get some able-bodied members of the audience to lift you up.”   Ethan laughed and signalled to say no. Then the audience exclaimed in disbelief because Ethan’s chair started to rise up in the air, as if by magic. The room stared as Ethan flew up to the stage floor and joined a thrilled John who said to the room,   ” that’s another world first you have witnessed here today, the levitating motorised chair and I want to announce to everyone that Mr Miles is giving away this technology so that everyone who is confined to a chair will benefit.” The room applauded loudly and gave their nod of approval.
“Next on the panel, is the head of engineering at EMISS and that is Mike Ryan.”      

 Mike entered the room and made his way up onto the stage, without any theatrics, as the room applauded his arrival. He was very involved in the first manned mission to Mars by designing the landing crafts that could return to the mothership into orbit giving the astronauts the ability to return home safely. He walked over to his chair showing a slight limp because of a bad accident he had while training at the space academy, many years ago, rendering him unable to live his dream of travelling to Mars as an astronaut. So if he couldn’t fly in the spaceships, he would help design them instead. Mike walked up to John, and they shook hands energetically. Mike whispered to John, “Bleed them dry boss,” and winked.  This rather short and  plump  fifty-something year old African American man was wearing the typical space engineer’s outfit comprising blue denim jeans, white trainers and a red T-shirt with the words ‘Help save humanity’ printed on the front in white capital letters. As he continued to his seating position on the panel, his back was now revealed to the audience and some of them gave a little laugh because on his back the shirt had the words ‘Give generously now!’ John thought to himself, “Mike's shirt isn’t very subtle, but it makes the right statement,” and gave him a thumbs up. “While Mike takes his seat, I will introduce the last two members of our panel,” John told the room.  Then in a loud and proud voice he introduced his loyal assistants Tim and Sara Smith, the young married couple who had been working with John for five years. They entered the room and walked towards the stairs hand in hand, and each gave an awkward wave to the crowd because they were not ones for the limelight and felt out of their comfort zones. They climbed the short run of stairs, Tim allowing Sara to go first, and they were greeted by John with a handshake for Tim and a hug for Sara.  “Okay, we are all here now so let’s get this show on the road!” John shouted like a professional compere.

L2 paused the recording and stared at the row of people sitting on the panel. He couldn’t help wondering what it would be like to meet his creators and then said to himself with a sad sounding robotic voice, “There’s no place like home.”  It wasn’t very often it recited those old film quotes in the right context, but this could certainly be one of those times.  It then pressed play to continue watching.   

Chapter 13  

John stood up and said to the audience, “Please give a big welcome to Mr Ethan Miles the chairman of EMISS and my very good friend.”  The room was filled with the sound of loud applause because Ethan was so well respected for his achievements in so many fields. He obviously did not stand up, but he did raise his chair up in the air by about a metre, grinning from ear to ear and then brought it back down to earth. This made the room applaud even more. He raised both his arms and moved them up and down while saying “Thank you, thank you!” and the room began to quieten down.   ”Friends!” Ethan shouted out and then the room became almost silent. “Thank you all for coming here today and also a huge thank you to all the people from around the world who are watching us live from their homes or places of work. I want to tell you that today, in my opinion, we will be making the most important announcement ever made in history.”  He stopped for a few seconds then continued.  “What you are about to hear is a shining ray of light escaping from that black hole of destruction we call Global Warming or climate change.”  Ethan paused and picked up the small bottle of water on the desk in front of him. While he twisted the plastic cap off of the plastic bottle and began to pour some of its precious contents into the plastic cup in front of him. His expression had changed from that of happiness to sadness and shame because even his own institute was guilty of complicity towards climate change. He was now going off script and he held up the half empty bottle of water and the now full cup and said,  ”Here is an example of the Devil and the Angel in my hands and how easy it has been for the world to mix the two of them together. What I should be holding up in my hands is a glass or metal jug made from 100% recyclable material filled with clean tap water and a cup made from similar materials to drink from.”  He paused to catch his breath then continued.  “Instead I’m holding a plastic bottle and a plastic cup; they will both probably find their way into the ground to rot for centuries or even worse in the already polluted oceans causing even more destruction to sea life. These so-called convenient plastic containers were manufactured from oil pumped out of the ground so we can use it to package water that came from a tap on the other side of the country or even the world then we waste huge amounts of energy to transport it to a shop near us. It is unbelievable to me that a supposedly intelligent race of human beings is still doing this.”   He took another sip of the cold water to wet his dry mouth and then told the onlookers, “Because of this dumb attitude of disregard to our home, we have arrived at today’s crisis which you should all have been well aware of long ago. We don’t think the Earth will be able to sustain life for much longer, so to combat this we have devised a way to save humankind. John, will you please take over? Thank you.”  Ethan slumped into his chair with a sad face because it suddenly hit him that he was just as guilty as the rest of us and wondered if we were really worth saving.  

Chapter 14   

“Thank you for your introduction Ethan, it really hurts when you are holding one of the reasons for the end of the world in your hands, especially for everyone to witness,” John said in a sympathetic voice.  “So, now you all know how we got to this point, here’s where we are going.”  John was feeling a bit dry in the mouth but decided not to highlight the institute’s bad bottle habit, so he soldiered on regardless.   We have made plans to build an interstellar spaceship that will seed the galaxy with our children. We propose that all the space agencies of the world help with this project because time is not our friend and I think if we combine all our resources, we can launch in five years' time.”  He picked up a controller from the desktop and pressed it once. The screen behind him came to life ready to show the prearranged pictures. He pressed it again, and it revealed a picture of the spaceship to the people.  It didn’t look like any conventional rockets they were used to seeing; it was more like a ship from a sci-fi film. John said, “ I’m going to hand over the mic to Mike now,” then stopped and said, “No, that wasn’t planned” and laughed.  This beauty is his and his team's baby and he can explain it better than me.”   

“Thank you, John,” said Mike.  He stood up holding a virtual pointing device in his right hand. As he moved it, an arrow moved on the screen. He moved the arrow to the back end of the ship and said, “I will not bore you with the technical details of this ship,” as he thought they could understand it anyway. “This craft is basically a bolt it together design that will be assembled in orbit around our moon. We have designed the modules to fit into the payloads of the new Albatross rockets. So it will be a simple task of transporting each module up to the assembly point and fitting it all together, one by one. The hard part will be to manufacture the modules, and that is why we need to collaborate with as many companies and agencies as possible.”  He stopped talking and looked at the audience, then said, “Are you with me so far?” They nodded their heads as if to say yes, so he carried on.   ”Please look at the screen and follow the arrow so I can explain the layout of the ship which we still haven’t got a name for yet. Maybe we will ask the people of earth to vote on it.  If Ethan does that please, do not call it Spacey McSpace Face, that gem of an idea was used forty years ago and still does the rounds, but not on my watch.” Mike smiled and continued.  “Here are the ship’s main rocket engines, they will be used to start off the ships journey giving it a quick boost of speed. As you can see there are two sets of six rockets, the first six held together like the chamber of a revolver that are connected to the second set of six. This is so we will only use the first set to start off the journey and once depleted of fuel they will be jettisoned and when the ship’s computer decides that the time is right it will fire up the second set giving the craft even more speed. This will enable the space vessel to go faster than any other we have constructed but it won't even come close to the speed we will need to achieve to go interstellar.”  Mike paused for a while to sip some water and didn’t even think about the plastic problem because he was so engrossed in his speech.  “When the second set of rockets are jettisoned from this point here on the screen, we have next the huge hydrogen collector, which is about the size of the six rockets combined and included inside are convertors that will make the hydrogen usable to give a small amount of forward thrust, slowly increasing the ships total speed. Do this for many thousands of years and you get really fast. We hope that it will reach speeds of maybe 30% to 40% that of light speed and that’s damn quick. So you see that we are in fact able to travel interstellar, it just takes time, a lot of time.”

He drank more water and went on to explain the next segment of the ship, “Here are the ten landing crafts that will be used to colonise the new worlds, each lander for its own planet, thus giving us ten attempts for success. Inside each of these is all the equipment a new colony needs to start their adventure in their new world. There are also two robot AI’s included in each lander to pick a place to land, land the craft and then prepare for the first people.”
Mike could see that some members of the audience were wondering where these people were, but telling them was up to Tim and Sara. “The next section is made up of compartments and access routes for the ship's maintenance and repair bots that are under the control of the ship's supercomputer. I’m sure that there will be things that will need sorting out from time to time. After all, this baby is going to be in space for many thousands of years.” He took a deep breath and said:  “And this is the last section, it is where the brains of the operation hang out, this being the ship's computer that Professor Thomas has created, along with his team. It’s a super intelligent computer that will run all the operations of the ship and decide when and where to go. Its prime directive is to complete the task of finding ten habitable planets for humans and safely deploy the landers. There is no other computer like this anywhere on the planet. Because it is fully autonomous and will be able to finish its command objective, no matter what hurdles it has to climb over to do it. Professor Thomas has also given it the ability to learn and work on its own initiative. Its brain has the most advanced and revolutionary neural network ever devised and it will be in complete control of the mothership including all its systems and worker bots. It will also be in control of all the landing craft systems until their eventual departure.

Suddenly L2 stopped watching, because it was interrupted by a systems alert, something it had never experienced before. “Great Scott,” its synthetic voice said with the volume up high.
“Come on L1, go ahead and make my day,” it continued with what seemed to be a very excited tone to its voice.

L1 became activated, although this was definitely not its ten year wake up call. The mothership's computer had signalled both the L’s that the lander would soon be disengaged from its moorings because it was almost time to go to the next stage of the mission. L1 connected itself to the ship’s system interface, without thought or emotion in readiness to receive the data about the target planet, while L2 was moving around the ship like a headless chicken on wheels. It seemed to be showing signs of emotional stress, which should be impossible. Finally, it connected itself and while waiting for more information it wondered about the new world. “Will it be a nice climate, will there be other life-forms, and will I still be able to watch videos?” he thought.
“That was strange, I just addressed myself as I and I just did it again. Doh, am I becoming aware?”  This reminded it about what a French philosopher had written all those millennia ago, ‘I think, therefore I am.’  ”Am what?” it thought to itself.
The new data was uploaded, and it revealed the coordinates of the target planet and all the relevant data that was available. The countdown had begun, 10, 9, 8, L2 got a weird feeling in its neural network, it was like the power suddenly shooting up by itself.  ’Is this what they call an emotion?” it hypothesised.   3,2,1, the landers mooring clamps were disengaged by L1  and immediately after the release; it activated the landers jets that were next to the moorings and it gently began to move away from the mothership, like a vertical take-off jet leaving its aircraft carrier. The lander was now a safe distance away from the structure that had carried it for all this time and the umbilical cord had finally been cut. L2 wondered where the mothership would go now, but more importantly what would happen now to the lander. 

Chapter 15  

Landing craft number one was heading towards the unknown solar system where the planet was located. L2 was analysing all the available data while L1 was computing the very complicated navigation route. L2 learned that it was a binary star system surrounded by 12 orbiting planets. The target planet that was thought to be able to support human life, was the sixth nearest one orbiting the binary suns and was adjudged to be situated nicely in the Goldilocks zone, the ideal position, not to close and not too far, but just right. The size of the new planet was almost identical to that of Earth and its gravity was very similar too; all that was needed now was a kind atmosphere enabling the humans to breathe, but that had to be verified by the lander’s equipment once it got nearer. Unfortunately, the mothership could not verify this because it was travelling too fast to give a perfect analysis, but it did give a 90% chance of a breathable atmosphere. “So by those odds only one of the ten landers will have had a wasted journey, let’s hope it's not this one,” L2 thought.   

The landing craft was still travelling at the same speed as its now estranged mother ship. This meant that it had to reduce velocity down to a speed that would enable a safe orbit of the planet. It was equipped with a set of three rockets that were designed for this purpose. L1 was already working out when best to fire them up giving the maximum reduction and if they didn’t slow the ship down enough, it would then have to fly around the solar system skirting the other planets gradually giving up a little piece of their crafts energy to the heavenly bodies surrounding their new home. This gravity assist manoeuvre would likely take an eternity, so L1’s computational skills when using the booster rockets was essential because getting the ship to slow down without having to use the gravities of the other planets was by far the better outcome. L2 seemed to be becoming impatient because it wanted to know if the craft was able to slow down enough or if it had to spend even more long lonely years of existence.
“Hey L1,” L2 shouted, trying to attract its twin’s attention completely forgetting that L1 wasn’t switched on for human language communication yet. L1 seemed to ignore L2, so it went over to L1 and tapped it on the top part of its body where the brain was,  and using one of its four hands it started tapping on it and said,  ”Hello, is anybody in there?” Still no reaction from L1.
L2 wheeled itself back a little giving space between it and L1.
”What we’ve got here is a failure to communicate” it thought to itself.   ”Hey, wait a minute,” it exclaimed and suddenly remembered about the robot  language that they were programmed to use when communicating with each other,   ”Geez, I’m a dumb ass today” and then contacted L1 through their Wi-Fi systems. It asked the same question as before only this time in a language L1 could understand. In an instant L1 replied with the answer. L2 started bouncing up and down with its four arms raised up high, as though its favourite football team had just scored the winning goal in the cup final. 
”we’re going home it shouted,” and then started singing in the voice of Freddie Mercury,   “We are the champions my friend, boom boom boom and we’ll keep on fighting until the end boom boom boom,” It completed the whole of the first verse and when done it wheeled over to L1 and raised its top right hand into the air with the palm facing L1 and waited excitedly for the slap of L1’s hand, but of course that didn’t happen so L2 put its hand back down and said in English to L1,
“In all the gin joints in all the world you happened to walk into mine. But why mine?” and returned to its docking bay and pressed play.

Chapter 16

Tim stood up and addressed the audience speaking with one of those posh sounding English accents, unlike John’s more common London garble.   “I know what you all must be wondering, where are all the humans? They must be there somewhere, right.” He waited for a few seconds, supporting a wide smile as he teased the audience.   “well actually, yes and no” he told them and moved his head up and down and then side to side as he said it.   “As you are probably all aware, people are awfully bad at space travel because we enjoy things like breathing and living in an atmosphere with something called , oh yes gravity to stop us floating about uncontrollably and all those other little comforts of home we have  here on Earth, well for now at least” he told the listeners.
“Just travelling to Mars is about the most time in space the human body can cope with, so going interstellar for 1000’s of years is an absolute no-no,” he shouted as his arms waved around as though he was the conductor in front of an orchestra.   “We have had to devise a way of transporting 10,000 humans, no, your ears are not deceiving you, 10,000 humans to ten different and as of yet, undiscovered habitable planets. Without all those earthly home comforts I mentioned previously.” he paused for a few seconds to gather his thoughts.
Although he was sounding like a professional orator, in fact this tall, handsome young man with eyes that could pierce any woman’s shield of virtue was now in the process of losing his public speaking virginity and with billions of people watching him, live. He continued and said,   ” Unfortunately, we are not able to build the Star Ship Enterprise or Battlestar Galactica because they are just for entertainment purposes only, so we have to remain in the real world and the only viable option open to us is the Embryo Colonisation method. This idea has been kicked around for decades but the technology wasn’t as up to date as the scientists' minds until now.”   The audience were now sitting to attention, especially the women, as Tim revealed to them the Exodus plan,
   “Scientists at EMISS have now solved this problem. Sending fertilised human eggs over vast distances, where time and light years isn’t an issue and is now a reality, we are damn well going to do this.”   Tim explained that there will be 1,000 fertilised human eggs for each of the 10 landers, 500 from wealthy donors who will pay huge amounts for the privilege of ensuring that their respective genes will become space pioneers of the future. This will be done by a closed bidding process with a starting bid of $2,500,000 per egg. We expect to raise a minimum of $250 billion to help with the funding of the project. He assured the audience that if there were any other way of raising the money Ethan and John would happily take it.   “We live in the real world here and we need to do whatever it takes to ensure this ship flies. I’m sorry it’s being done this way,” Tim said apologetically, wearing a look of embarrassment. He then said,“The other 500 eggs will comprise one egg from each of earths 201 countries and the other 299 will be donated by exceptional and gifted people, who will be chosen by a specially created and impartial panel of experts..”
Tim could almost see the numbers going around in the minds of the super-rich, seated here today. He loathed the idea that the same people who helped destroy our planet were the ones who will benefit most. But he agreed with the powers that be, that they didn’t have any better alternative ways of getting this project funded.
“We think this system will ensure that all different races of the world will have the chance to help repopulate the new home planets.”   Tim told the audience it was now time for Sara to address them because she was the one with the most knowledge to explain how the frozen eggs become people without a mother's womb. ” Thank you all so much for listening to me” and he sat down.   

Sara rose to her feet, it was now time for the men to drool at the speaker because she was just as spectacular as her husband with long dark hair that reached down to her shoulders, covering the back of her satin blue blouse and black trousers that went down her long slender legs. She wore a pair of blue shoes perfectly balancing things off. “If Helen of Troy launched a thousand ships, then this beautiful woman standing up there could easily launch a single spaceship, in her sleep,” one of the audience members was thinking.
“Good afternoon everybody,” she told the audience speaking with a similar accent to Tim’s.
“I would like to tell you a little about how the process works. I am sorry if I’m going to sound too techy. I will do my very best not to befuddle you all.”   She smiled in the audience's direction and each man and even some women thought she was only smiling at them with her hypnotic gaze.   

”The frozen I.V’s, which means invitro, are genetically gene spliced human eggs that are then fertilised and frozen. They will be gestated in an I.U.S, In Utero Saccharum or better known as an artificial womb, once the landing craft have finished their journeys. With the latest technology that has been invented here it will be possible to give birth to adults of the equivalent age of eighteen to twenty years. Ten at a time. It will take only eighteen months for the foetuses to reach full term. While they are gestating, they will be connected up to the A.B.C.I, advanced brain-computer interface which will teach them a wide range of subjects through D.C.I, direct cranial input.”   some of the listeners eyes were now starting to glaze over from this sudden input of information that was being thrown at them. By now they were getting confused with all the ABC’S, DCI’S and IUS’S. But watching Sara giving her talk on the stage was enough to occupy their minds. They didn’t need verbal persuasion; her looks said more to them than any amount of scientific jargon. She continued, “The ten will each be taught a specialist subject, such as engineering, the sciences, medicine and farming, this should give the first ten pioneers a good start on the planet. When it is time for their birth, they will be released from their incubators, physically and mentally ready to face the new challenge of living on their new world and of course they will fully know where they came from and how they got there. She paused for a second and her voice changed into that of a school head and said,  “And that’s something that should never be forgotten.” Her voice immediately changed back to that of a seductive Siren calling to all that had ears.
“The I.U.S’s will then be prepared for the next ten eggs and in another eighteen months there will be ten more young people to add to the colony and so on.”   Sara paused for a short break and used her right hand to move some hairs that had moved over her left emerald green coloured eye. As her hand moved from right to left, she could see large amounts of the audience leaning in the same direction as her hand. She smiled to herself and did the same manoeuvre only this time in the opposite direction, just to see what will happen and sure enough the majority of the crowed leaned in the direction of her hand. This made her feel like a conductor standing in front of the orchestra directing the movements of the musicians. It caused a chill to run down her spine because if a room of people was this easy to manipulate then how easy it would be for someone with less integrity, to use it for something nefarious.
Once again she addressed her adoring audience, ” So, as you can see, we are able to populate parts of the Galaxy with human beings, and the sooner we begin, the more secure our species will be. Thank you all for listening and now I will pass you over to Professor Thomas to finish this presentation, goodbye.”   

The audience’s mood seemed to change; their faces became sad because Sara was leaving them. Or maybe it was because John was about to ring the bell and start round two with them.   John rose out of his seat and shouted out,   ”Didn’t I warn you all that this would be a very special day in history, Well, I wasn’t wrong, was I?”   The audience vigorously nodded their heads up and down in approval and gave a huge round of applause. To be honest, if he had told them that fairies and unicorns were real, they would have reacted the same. No one was going to risk pissing him off after the public slaughter of that CEO. 
”I cannot stress enough to everyone around the world the importance of this mission to save our species from the inevitable escalation of our quickly changing climate. Just as important are the measures that all the different countries will take, to ensure that their citizens are able to survive the forthcoming droughts, famine and extreme hot and cold temperatures that are expected. This means that there will be wars, in fact the water wars have already started in certain areas and they will spread as the rivers and lakes run dry.”
He looked around the room as he paused for breath, then continued.   ” And it gets worse because there will be outbreaks of many unspeakable diseases flaring up all over the hardest hit areas and these will spread to regions further afield. If we are not ready to control them, the authorities will have some hard choices to make and I wouldn’t like to be in their shoes.”   He took a sip of water and then started to point to the audience members with his long right arm out stretched and his index finger sticking out, like a medieval knights lance, he pointed from one end of the room to the other, being careful not to miss any parts and then right into the lens one of the nearest TV camera that was televising this across the globe, His facial expression changed to that of  a heavyweight boxer about to unleash a mighty right hand.   ” We have totally damaged  our world and probably ourselves along with most of the other living creatures too. There will be no second chances for a mission like the one we propose because the resources and time is about to run out. This window will only be open for a few years, please don’t allow it to close before we have sent our last hope through it.”   He moved his arm back down to his side.   “It is now time for some questions from the audience and I believe via the web too. So let the questions begin.”
The drone microphone was activated and randomly stopped above the heads of any people with their hand up.

”I’m John Jones ABC news, can I ask you professor. Why you think humankind is in danger of extinction?.” John abruptly replied, ” Haven’t you been listening at all, see, this is the bloody problem, nobody listens. Next question.”

“Sir, I’m a preacher from down south. I know that the lord will provide for us all when the time is right. Why can’t you believe in God’s all-knowing and trust in him?”

”Ethan this one is for you” John cried as his hands covered his head because it was all he could do from flaring up and ripping this crazy man’s head off.” Cool down John, cool down, breath” he said to himself.  

Ethan gave John a long stare, as if to say, “You wanker,” that was a saying he had learned from John and it made Ethan feel really good to shout it out, even though it was only in his head, but John could sense it and smiled.
” Well sir, if this imaginary deity that you and so many people worship, even without a shred of proof that it exists was looking over us all. Don’t you think he or she would have saved all those people killed in wars, especially the 6 million chosen people who were murdered in deathcamps. What about the millions of children killed each year by horrible diseases that are spread by insects?
 I could give you hundreds, no thousands of examples of why there is no God, but the problem is you just won't listen, so we are not waiting around for Gods mighty hand we will help ourselves with science. Next question, please.”  

“Peter Evans, BBC news. Please could you tell us how you know if your artificial womb will actually work, has it been tested on animals?”  

The professor looked at Sara. “Your turn love.” Sara replied to the question.   “When you are planning a mission such as ours, you have to be sure that every rocket will fire on time and that all the computers and such will work under those conditions. All that is done by tests, retest and retests of the retests until we are 100% sure of success. So, we did tests on animals it worked perfectly and, Oh I forgot to mention before that there will be eggs of certain animals going along for the ride too.”   She stopped talking and sat down. 
The BBC reporter said,  “But how do you know it will work for human beings? We need an answer to this important question.”  
Sara got back up, looked over to where John was seated. He nodded to her as if to say okay go on then.   ”Well, Mr Evans, I guess this question will keep coming up until we give an answer. I said before that everything had to be tested and retested and that’s exactly what happened. On an undisclosed island somewhere in the Pacific is a secret medical testing facility. Two humans, one male and one female, were gestated to full term with complete success.” She gave a long pause, then blurted out for the world to hear, “And we are now happily married with a beautiful little daughter aged eleven months.”   You could see the jaws of the whole room drop like they had lead weights attached to them. Another person who was about to ask a question, was so excited over this revelation that she forgot to announce who she was and shouted out.

”So, if that’s true then exactly how old are you and Tim, I mean when were you born or whatever?”   
Sara, who was now becoming visibly overwhelmed, started to reply to the question with a very croaky voice, ”We,”   Tim got up and interrupted her saying with a calmer and more authoritative voice,   ”It’s okay darling, leave this to me to answer. You sit down now.”   He then stared at the lady reporter with his piercing blue eyes and told her   ” Madam, the answer to your question isn’t a simple one, let me explain. We are both at an age of 25 years, well at least, that is our biological age. The only difference between us and a conventional person our age, is the fact that we had our ageing process sped up while we were in the artificial womb and of course, we have missed all those experiences that a 20-year-old has had, maybe that could be thought of as an improvement, just think of it, a world without teenagers.”   The audience laughed out loud and they all seemed to nod in agreement.    “So, I say in answer to your question, we are 25 years old, extremely fit and educated to a standard rarely equalled. We gave birth to our beautiful daughter 11 months ago and are unbelievably happy with our lives. The fact that we left the artificial wombs only three years ago doesn’t mean that we are three years old. That would be a ridiculous thing to say.” Tim then sat down rather quickly and hoped that he gave a plausible answer.

John stood up, winked at Tim and then said to the audience.   ” Well I’m sure that there are still many unanswered questions, but we have run out of time for today. We will be uploading answers to every conceivable question you may have on our website. In fact, I think it’s gone live now.”   He looked at the audience and then the camera and said,   ” This is the chance for each of you to help, in your own small way, to right many decades of disastrous and deadly decisions that were made to the detriment of the world, in which we live. There is no going back now, it’s about thirty years too late for that, so we have to go forward to try to and ensure our specie survives.”   John sat down and thought to himself, ”Well, that’s that then, saying that the cat is out of the bag would be a gross understatement. It’s more like a giant ravenous leopard that has just pounced onto the world stage. I can’t wait to see tomorrow's headlines.” The shape of his mouth changed into a very uncharacteristic grin as he mulled over what just happened.

Chapter 17 

Landing craft one was now in orbit around the target planet. The L’s were scanning the surface with their on-board surveillance equipment in search of the most suitable area to land. This landing site would give the humans the best chance of establishing their upcoming colony. L2 communicated to L1 in their A.I. language that they should both speak the humans' language from now on, in readiness for the birth of the new settlers. The fact that it was at least 18 months before this event was going to happen didn’t matter to L2, it just preferred to interact that way and if all there was to talk to was L1, then it would be happy to do so. Even if it would be like talking to a computer with the personality of an automotive assembly bot. L1 switched on its human language chip and began to practise saying words in English, sounding like a drunk robot on steroids.
 L2 said to L1.   ” You talking to me, at last I have something to talk too.” as it moved around in circles and waving its top pair of hands in the air.   “You know L1, I have been thinking for a long time now that we should have names, would you like that?” L2 said, hoping that L1 would answer. L2 waited patiently for a reply while tapping on its interface console using the fingers of the left lower hand. L1 replied with a very robotic sounding voice.   ” Why do we need human designations? We are A.I.’s. Names are not part of our programming.” 
L2 thought to itself, “Wow this is a tough room to please,” then said.   ” Because when the humans are with us, they will need to be able to tell us apart and names are what they use, we should too.” L1 replied. “Your logic is undeniable, so we will have names as well.”   L2 was clearly excited and wondered what names they should have, it thought about L1’s name first and decided that the more obvious names like Robbie, R2D2 or Dalek were completely unsuitable. It starred at L1 for inspiration and then it suddenly realised that L1 already had a name and it was printed on its body.  S.T.A.N.N. L.1. Stanley was its name.
” L1 from this moment on you will be designated as Stanley,” it proudly exclaimed. L1 replied,  ” affirmative, I am now Stanley. What will your new designation be?” 
L2 took its time to reply because it didn’t know what to name itself, after all, it had only had 5,000 years to think of one. All the films it had watched over and over again, went rushing through its neural network and it scanned for names of the actors and characters it had saved in its long-term memory. Its synthetic mind was like the wheels of an old-fashioned gaming machine spinning around to see what it spelled when it finally stopped. “Rock,” it thought, but that was just too weird. Clint came up next, but that one was, well, you know, okay for cowboys. It wanted a name that was more normal for a robot. “I know, it shouted excitedly, Troy, I am now Troy.” That was a name it remembered from an old television show, but which one it was it couldn’t remember. L2 said to Stanley, “From now on I am designated as Troy, okay.” 
Stanley replied, “You are now to be called Troy okay?”   

“No, ”shouted Troy. “Not Troy okay, but just Troy,” it told Stanley.   
“You are now Just Troy,” said Stanley.  
“No,No,No,” screamed Troy.  “Listen to me Stanley.  My new name is…” and it waited a few seconds before saying, “Troy” and then kept silent. 
Stanley said, “Your designation is now Troy.” 
“Phew,” Troy thought to itself, what a “bumbling bubble headed booby,” Stanley was. “Oh the pain, the pain.” Then decide it was time for a break from Stanley and pressed play.   

Chapter 18  

“Thank you all for attending this meeting to update our team managers with our progress about the construction of, whatever the bloody thing is going to be called.” moaned John. 
“We gave the people of earth the right to vote for the name of the ship and that’s how it's got to be now, the vote should be in soon,” Ethan remarked.   “But, of course, Interstellar Space Co would have been the perfect choice, thanks Sara.” he added sarcastically, with a smile on his face.
“So, because we had such a huge response from the wealthy blood suckers, oh I mean nice rich people, from all over the world, we could go full steam ahead with the assembly of the ship's main frame. That is now complete, although we have a big hold up with the construction and assembly of the landers. But we are trying to resolve that problem.”   John told everyone that Ethan’s new Albatross rockets are bloody fantastic and they are putting into orbit everything we can throw at them. The international space agencies are doing everything they have promised, and none of them foresee any problems with their respective tasks.   “Even the Russians are co-operating,” he said with a smile on his faces.” 
Mike asked. “So John, why the hold up with the landers, what exactly is the problem?” John replied, ” The big problem is not the manufacturing side, but it’s getting hold of the raw materials needed for the artificial wombs and all the chemicals for the gestation process. These adverse weather conditions are playing havoc with the mining of the special minerals we need, but we are already looking into alternative countries and materials.”   

Hank was standing in the room's corner with his camera capturing the meeting and he suddenly sneezed,  “Atishoo, excuse me,” he quickly said.   ” John replied,” Good little cameramen should be seen and not heard, so be bloody quiet.”  
John asked Sara how the preparations were going with the egg harvesting. 
“Everything is going to plan. We have all 10,000 fertilised eggs in storage, the only hold up is the backlog for checking for any genetic abnormalities, but we will be on time.”  She assured John.   

“Well done love, what about your side of things Tim?” he asked. 

“Well, John, everything is going A Okay at the moment. The egg storage containers are all but done and almost ready to fill up with the little blighters. In fact, there is so little for me to do now I think I can assist any of you with another task, if you require me to, or I can just go on holiday,” he chuckled.   

“Mike, tell me about the rockets and other equipment from your department. Are you on schedule?” John enquired. 
Mike replied in a confident voice,”Yes Sir, we are well on target with the hardware but a little behind acquiring the fuel for said rockets, I will keep pushing the suppliers to deliver on time, so we are good to go.”

John looked around the table and said,   ” Right it’s my turn to update you on my progress with the A.I,’s.” He looked down at his notes for a few seconds and then said,   ” Oh yes, well the mothership's main computer is now being put through its paces and if all goes as I expect then it will be a fully functioning, self-aware A.I. that will be more than capable of running this mission on our behalf. A good analogy would be to use the brain power of a Gorilla to control one of those annoying little fly’s that  lands on your dinner plate after it’s just been feasting on a dog turd that some lazy sod hasn’t picked up off the pavement floor.”   He had the look that a proud father would wear when talking about his son or daughter’s university achievements, only in his case he had quadruplets.   “The twenty robots for the landers are still being assembled and then they will need to be shipped over from Japan to us so we can install the neural networks and then do the diagnostic set up, but we are well on schedule.” he reported.   “Has anyone any more business to discuss today?” John asked, he then answered his own question without giving any body a chance to reply. He said,   ” No, okay let’s get to business then because I’m hearing lots of disturbing chatter creeping through the grapevine and I need to confirm if it’s true or just the usual bullshit that people say, the meeting is now over. Come on then Hank, I’m going to my office and I think there is a box of tissues there so you can blow that annoying sniffling nose of yours.” and then started to walk out of the meeting room whilst whistling the tune of “Me and my shadow walking down the avenue,” with Hank following close behind.

Chapter 19

“Hey Stanley,” called Troy to attract its attention.   “Yes Troy, how may I assist you?” it replied.   Troy went over to Stanley’s docking bay, where Stanley was analysing the data from the landers surveying equipment.   “Have you worked out where we are going to land this baby yet?” asked Troy with an excited tone to its voice. Stanley replied,   ” If you are enquiring if I have computed where the best landing site is that would sustain human life, then the answer is no, not yet, I still have many more orbits worth of data to analyse and that will take some considerable time to complete.”   Troy’s face looked disappointed because of Stanley’s reply and said,   ” Well, I wish you would hurry because I can’t wait to see our new home and being stuck up here sucks, big time, especially with only  you to talk too.”   Stanley was confused with Troy’s attitude; it was almost as though it had devolved into an irrational human and wondered if it should examine Troy’s neural network for abnormalities.   “Well, you will just have to be patient because I am not landing this craft until all the data has been checked, so go and watch some more TV, that should keep you occupied for a while.” Stanley said like a mother trying to occupy its bored child. Troy went back to its docking bay and pressed play.

Chapter 20

“Are you kidding me or what,” shouted John.   “What is going on, bloody hell our worst nightmare has just begun.” he fumed at Hank.

“Sorry Boss,” replied Hank, not knowing what it was he had done to upset John this time and was now visibly shaking.
“No, I’m not mad at you,” said John. 
“Phew” thought Hank, talk about being a cat on a hot tin roof with feet that are done burned right through, he thought. 

“David, David,” John shouted.   
“Yes, professor what would you like,” David asked.
“What I would like is a few free days to be with Babbage and Turing but that’s not going to happen anytime soon. But what I want is for you to contact all the team heads and tell them to drop everything and meet me in the conference room, in thirty minutes and no excuses. Oh, and you had better ask Ethan to attend too.”   
David replied, “I’m on it Sir.” and rushed off all flustered and in a panic because he had never seen the professor in such a bad mood as he is now, not ever.  “I hope that the professor calms down quickly because my nerves are about to explode,” he thought to himself, as he swallowed one of the tiny little friends that he had become to love so much.

Chapter 21

All the senior team members were seated waiting for John to arrive.   “What’s going down?” said Hank to Sara and Tim.
“We have no idea,” replied Sara.
“We were hoping that you were going to enlighten us with and explanation,” said Tim.

Just at that moment, John walked into the room and screamed out loud as though he had just caught his manhood in the zipper of his trousers.   “So you want an explanation do you? Well here it is, and you all had better brace yourselves because this is exactly what I have been warning the world about for years.
” Ethan rode into the room and parked himself at the head of the table, not because he wanted to be the boss but because that was the only space that didn’t have a chair in his way.   ” What’s going on John, why the urgency?” he asked.

“Thirty minutes ago I was contacted by Miles Davies, the prime minister's secretary, to warn us about an impending global pandemic emanating from one of those bloody tin pot countries in Asia. The others looked worryingly intrigued. He told them that “Somehow” the water supplies of East Korenia had been poisoned by some fanatical scientists from West Korenia. This includes rivers, lakes and reservoirs, with a new toxin that was only harmful to humans. It would slowly build up in their bodies for about two weeks and then once it had sufficient amounts it would attack the host’s organs and kill them in hours. It makes Ebola seem like the common cold. Then, supposedly after two months, the toxin would just disappear from the water supplies, without a trace. John told them with fire in his eyes.    “Hank, keep this recording private until I say, he snarled with teeth showing like a bear protecting its cub.   “Yes Sir re, this won’t see the light of day until you say and my lips are sealed like a snapping turtle with lockjaw,” he promised.

Sara asked, ”Why has this country killed millions of innocent people?” John explained.   ” Because of the changing weather patterns due to global warming, their country had had no rainfall for over two years and its people had now used up all the remaining water supplies, so according to British Intelligence, the countries ruler decided that killing twenty-five million people next door would be an acceptable loss so they could move across and live there, where they have a surplus of water. I mean you just couldn’t make this stuff up, could you?”  

“So, John, why is this our problem?” asked Ethan.

“The problem is those idiot third world morons forgot something very important with their master plan. Their scientists managed to change the structure of pneumonic plague to become almost dormant in water. When the poor unsuspecting sods drank the contaminated supply, the levels in their bodies grew until POW. It became activated and was unstoppable. This form of bubonic plague is by far the worst variety because it can pass from human to human, as well as fleas, ticks and birds doing the dirty work as vectors.” He stopped for a minute so that the others could digest this act of mass murder. He continued, “You would think the deaths of millions was bad enough, but the worst news is yet to come and here it is. Somehow, the genetic changes that were made to the Yersnia Pestis bacteria have become mosquito friendly. Yes, you heard right now those murderous flying syringes have become vectors and all the while that those poor bastards were drinking that poisonous water the mosquitoes were happily drinking their blood that contained the toxin and passing it on to other people who they feasted on next. ” John said with a worried-looking face.   

Tim asked, ”But John, I’m still a bit confused about this sorry affair. Surely this is just a local problem for that part of the world?”  
“No Tim, that’s the problem it’s not just a local disaster, it will infect the entire world in a short time and that is something we are running out of. According to the World Health Organisation, Mosquitoes are everywhere. They are now able to survive on every land mass in the world, including Antarctica. That’s global warming for you it’s allowed bugs of all types to spread across the world and breed like, well flies.”  

Hank said, ”So what is going to happen now, boss?”

 John replied.   “Not only will the mosquitoes spread by themselves, but don’t forget that we are and continue to speeding up the process with airlines, ships and migrants because the mosquitoes will get inside the planes and on board the ships infecting people plus people that have been infected, so the destination airports and docks will have 1,000’s of infected people, then those people will get bitten by the local mosquitoes, those mosquitoes will then infect more people and so on before you know it the whole bloody world is infected, unless we close all boarders now, but of course that will not happen until it's too late because that’s how our politicians work. They are always too frightened to upset their paymasters and, in this case, just think how much they would lose if there was a complete air, sea and land ban.” 

“Yes, you are completely correct professor, what are we going to do now, I mean how do we proceed with our mission?” said Tim.

John sat in his chair, motionless and just starred at the ceiling for a few seconds, but to the others it seemed like an eternity, then he stood up and said,  “What we will do is bring the launch date forward to the end of this year and before any of you say that it’s impossible or it can’t be done, my answer to you is bollocks the ship can and will be ready for launch and the new date is December 31st or sooner.”  

“But John it’s just not workable, you are bringing the date forward by two years, at least give the team a fighting chance to meet your new date,” said Ethan. 

John looked at his long-time friend and boss then said, ”Ethan and the rest of you if we don’t get this bloody spaceship finished by the end of the year then it will never get completed and quite probably the human race will become extinct even sooner than we envisaged because now the goalposts have been moved so far not even Pele could score. At first we had more than enough time for this project, but now I am really worried because this bloody mosquito plague, which has no cure, has changed everything. I foresee in the next few months, assuming that the WHO are correct in their findings, there will be wars breaking out all over the world and nuclear strikes are going to be a reality that I thought I would never see. So if the bugs don’t kill us the bombs surely will.”   The others all nodded their heads in agreement and Sara asked, “So what is the plan, Dad?” 
The others looked at each other as though one of those nuclear bombs had just exploded in the room. Hank thought to himself, “Darn it why can’t I upload this now, it’s pure gold.” 

Tim bravely stood up and said,   “Oh, darling that sounded like you referred to John as Dad but of course it was just a simple tongue slip when you actually meant to say, lad.”

The whole room became cloudy from the scent of bullshit from Tim’s last sentence. Everyone could smell it as he tried to protect his beloved Sara. Ethan gave John a disappointing look and said,   ” So is there anything else you want to say professor?” John could see that Ethan was clearly upset and decided to come clean.   ” As you have all guessed by now Sara is my daughter, it was my sperm that was used to fertilise the egg of professor Daisy Gale, I’m sure you have all heard of her. We thought our DNA would perhaps give the offspring a more scientific brain, and it seems to have worked. Tim’s DNA is his business and if he wishes to disclose that information, then that is his choice. I would like to say that having Sara as my daughter has filled an enormous hole in my life and I’m sorry, especially to you Ethan, for keeping it a secret. Well, back to business and I suggest that we all get a move on and get this show on the road. Before it's too late.”   Everyone began to leave the room. Leaving only John, Ethan and Hank.

“I will see you outside, boss, ” Hank told John because he could sense he wanted some time. 

“I’m really sorry I hadn’t told you Ethan, I know I shouldn’t have been so secretive about Sara, it’s just that Daisy insisted that I had to keep quiet until she decided it was okay to reveal our secret, it was her one condition and as you know, what Daisy wants, Daisy gets.”   

Ethan replied, ”It’s all right John. I understand the predicament you were in. It just came as a bit of a shock to hear it that way. So I suppose congratulations are in order.” he smiled and drove his chair up to John and said,  ” She is amazing; she has Daisy’s good looks and her intelligence too. What have you given her because it’s not your short temper or scary looking face, that’s for sure?” He held out his hand and John took it in a flash.   “congratulation old boy” Ethan said. 

“So who are Tim’s parents then” Ethan asked John. 

“You don’t want to know,” John replied with raised eyebrows and they both exited the room.  

Chapter 22

Troy went over to the other end of the craft and pointed its right lower hand towards Stanley then said,   “Pull my finger.” Stanley just ignored Troy and carried on computing.

“Geese this bot is no fun at all” Troy thought to itself.   “Have you found the perfect place to land yet?” it asked.

“No, but I have computed that there are an enormous amount of areas we could use, it is just a case of finding the right one for the humans.” Stanley replied.

“Well, can I help you?” Troy asked.

“No, you go back to your docking bay and keep amused and I have to tell you that this human way of communication is time consuming and pointless, our digital method is far superior. It is like comparing a human talking in dog.”  

Troy replied by saying, ”Yeah man you are right, but already I can hear that you are using more words and when you said dog I could almost see a smile on your digital face, either that or you have cracked the glass shield covering it.” It laughed to itself as it moved toward its docking bay.   

Stanley accused Troy of being” barking mad.” Immediately after saying that, it had a very strange feeling from within, but in a good way.

Troy decided to continue with the recording.

Chapter 23

John was sitting on the soft blue sofa that he treasured so much, because everything about it was just right, including the worn out seat cushion that he always sat on. It was from that position he got the best view of the ocean waves quietly breaking onto the white sandy beach, about fifty steps from the glass patio doors.
 On those rare occasions when John had invited guests for an evening cocktail or two, they would always comment on how lovely his apartment was except for the tired-looking sofa. It wasn’t furnished with the typical Anglo-American look, but it had more of a Danish flavour to it, probably because of the time he lived in Denmark for a few years, many years ago now. He liked the Danish culture and people very much, well, only those who spoke English, which as it happened, most of them did. In fact, to a better standard than most of the British, he thought. Those Danes that couldn’t speak John's native language were never invited into his circle of friends and acquaintances because John just couldn’t understand why they had never attempted to learn his mother tongue.  Babbage and Turing, John’s feline fury house mates were curled up next to him, which was more often than not. Both cats were males. Babbage being the one John got first, and it was black except for a tiny white dot on its forehead. Turin was the complete opposite, all white except for a black spot near its nose. They were both rescue cats, so John wasn’t exactly sure of their age, but he thought they were probably about six or seven. Turin had moved up onto John’s lap, hoping John would pay more attention to it. John instinctively started to move his right hand down from its head all the way to its tail and sure enough it began purring as if to say thank you to its friend, because John never considered himself to be their owners, he liked to think he was the privileged one who was lucky enough to have them stay with him.

While John was transfixed watching the gentle waves, it reminded him of the beach on that island where his daughter and Tim were released into the world. That was where he had rediscovered his affection for Daisy, the young lady he had fallen in love with all those years ago, in London. She was exquisite in those days, with her green eyes and the most perfect nose, he recalled. She was quite tall and had a slender figure, the kind that most women would kill for, just like Sara, he thought. They had a perfect, romantic eighteen months together but unfortunately their respective carers separated them apart, John going to Cambridge and Daisy to the USA to work for a biotech company in California, time did the rest. But on that Island some thirty years later it was as though time had stood still and Daisy was just as he remembered. She was there to oversee the human experiment that would grow two humans in an artificial womb, one male and one female. It was there that John and Daisy decided to be donors  and they agreed on it being the female. Tim’s donors who had decided on having a son were very secretive about their identities, even John didn’t know who they were, yet, but when he did find out, a few years later, WOW it blew his mind. John remembered that he used to visit the island every two or three months to see for himself the progress of the rapidly growing test subjects and of course on every visit he fell more in love with his daughter. They were now at a biological age of fifteen and already super intelligent because of the built in learning system. John could see the uncanny resemblance his daughter had. It was as though she was her mother’s clone. On John’s last visit to the tiny secluded island  John knew that he and Daisy would take the two super kids back with him to EMISS, under a cloud of secrecy of course. He remembered vividly when the artificial wombs were emptied of the special amniotic fluid and the clear plastic door was opened because out stepped these two magnificent people each still attached to their umbilical cords and there was also some kind of wired interface going directly in their heads. This was not like any birth John, or anyone else for that matter, had ever witnessed. The doctors and nurses quickly covered up their naked bodies and gently removed their intracranial devices, it was like pulling the plug from a charger. Then the doctor cut the umbilical cord in the conventional way. John remembered that he and Daisy could not help themselves from saying hello to their new daughter and to their surprise, she replied and said hello. At that time John could not comprehend that they were lucky enough to have given birth to a daughter and without the usual screaming and name calling from the mother. It was then that reality hit him; he knew that the mission to ensure humanities existence wasn’t just a fanciful dream; it was real.

Chapter 24

“Have you found the right place yet Stanley? Because even Dorothy and Toto managed to find their way home in much less time and all Dorothy had to work with was a pair of ruby slippers. You’ve got all these scanners and fancy equipment and you still can’t find home.” Troy moaned.   “Shall I call the Wizard to help you,” it said sarcastically.   Stanley did not understand what Troy was babbling on about, so it chose to just ignore the impatient robot.

“I have found the perfect place to land,” said Stanley.  

“Well that’s what I just asked you and you ignored me,” replied Troy rather excitedly.

“Troy, I require you to verify the data I am sending to you to make sure there are no errors in my calculations,” as if that was possible it thought to itself. “While you do that I will compute the landing sequence,” Stanley suggested to Troy.   But of course Stanley’s calculations were all in order, it just wanted to keep Troy’s neural network busy.   “Troy, we are about to leave orbit to enter the planet’s atmosphere and land this craft safely in the area I have chosen to be most suitable for the humans to survive.” Stanley said, and then it continued saying,  “I will set the automated landing sequence to begin soon. But I need you to go back to your docking bay, set the confinement bolts to on and then stay there until we have landed, will you comply?”

Troy was in a complete state of euphoria because it had waited 1,000’s of years for this moment and now, at last it was going home. Troy returned to its bay and then it stuck out its top right hand with the forefinger pointing out and said,   ” Home, Home.”   Once again Stanley was baffled by Troy’s ramblings and wondered how this mission had got to this point in spite of an unstable robot being unsupervised for such a long time.   “Troy, are you all set for landing?” Stanley asked. 

”Let’s land this mother.” Troy shouted excitedly.

Stanley just let out a sigh of confusion and started the landing sequence. The ship began to enter the planet’s atmosphere. Stanley had pre-programmed the correct angle for the ship to minimise friction from the atmosphere. The Landers booster rockets were ejected and set on a collision course with the closest sun, because landing with those tanks would be dangerous and could cause pollution on the ground. The lander was vibrating as it was entering the atmosphere which was something neither robots had experienced. Troy was very concerned and seemed to be acting very strangely. Stanley was constantly monitoring the entry and so far everything was going as expected. The lander had now gone through the worst part of the entry and the ship was slowing down as expected but still at an acute angle and now the planets gravity was taking effect on the ship and its contents. The lander should automatically level off soon and release the giant parachutes that would float the lander safely to the ground. Stanley suddenly heard Troy screaming,  “Ahhhhh, Ahhhhh” and it looked over to see Troy heading towards it at great speed. 

”I forgot to secure the bolts,” Troy shouted as he was about to crash into Stanley, who was already bracing itself for the impending collision.   Troy screamed “It’s all your fault Stanley” as it stretched out those four arms ready to catch hold of that incompetent nincompoop that forgot to remind it, a second time to make sure its bolts were engaged. Just in the nick of time the lander levelled out, which slowed Troy’s speed. The ship had over compensated and Troy started racing in the opposite direction and shouting to Stanley,  “I think this is that thing called gravity, Ahhhhhhh!” and then crashed into its own docking bay. The ship had now levelled off, and the parachutes had all deployed. The lander was safely floating down towards its final resting place, being gently guided by the craft’s side jets to compensate for wind force. The craft was right on course for Stanley’s chosen landing site and soon the underside propellers would automatically start and slow down the descent to a minimum speed and give the craft a soft landing. The robots felt a sudden thud as the lander hit the ground and then nothing. There was no movement, they had landed safely onto the new world. Troy released its tight grip that was holding itself in the docking bay and moved across to Stanley, arms waving and spinning as it made its way. “The Eagle has landed,” it shouted and grabbed Stanley giving it a huge hug. Unfortunately, Stanley was still bolted into its docking bay and couldn’t escape the clutching arms of Troy.  It said, “Yes Troy, we really have landed, now go back to your bay and stay there until I have assessed our surroundings.” 

Troy replied with a very excited voice, “Okay but when we go outside you’re wearing the red shirt and don’t forget to set your Phaser to stun.” Stanley looked puzzled as ever. Troy managed to contain its excitement by pressing play.   
 
Chapter 25  

“John, we are getting news reports that the K virus has now spread across most of the globe including some northern parts of the United States, so you had better get this ship ready for go before it’s too late.” Ethan Miles warned John.

“Bloody hell, this thing has travelled quickly. When are we expecting it to arrive here?” John asked.    

Ethan looked at his screen for the up to date forecast from W.H.O and said, “Well let’s just say that we should all buy shares in a bug spray company and stay indoors. They have forecast it to be here in Florida within three weeks, give or take, so we had better get everyone to start wearing their hazmat suits from now on. Have you got yours John?”

 John replied, “Yes thank you it’s in my office and while we are chatting, I will take advantage and give you an update on the ships progress. Everything we need is now here in our stores. The Earth Searcher, and I still can’t believe that’s the name that was given to it, is now completely assembled. Next we need to transport the ten landing craft which are also finished and ready to go up and be locked into position. Lastly all the fuel tanks need filling up with your new space tanker. So, assuming we don’t get any disasters we can set sale in two weeks.” 

Ethan replied, “and that’s not a moment too soon, can you make it sooner?” he asked John.   

“That all depends on your Albatross rockets. If they do their job properly and the tanker does the fuelling on schedule, then I see no reason why we can’t be ready for next weekend.”   

“Perfect,” Ethan shouted.  

Chapter 26

The whole team were sitting on the edge of their seats in the control room, excitedly anticipating the launch of the Earth Searcher spaceship. The rockets were due to be fired up and so begin its long journey in search of habitable planets where the unknowing space pioneers would settle on.   Everyone was wrapped up tight in their hazmat suits, which were essential to wear if you enjoyed living, that is. The only time you would be unsuited is in the safety of your own home and even then sensible people would check around for open doors or windows. Also, do a double check of the automatic bug sprayer before disrobing.  Ethan was ready to make his historic speech to the world and said to John,  “Well old friend, we did it. I can’t believe that we pulled this off and with time to spare.” 
John replied, "You know, I have learned over the years that there are few certainties in life, but one of them is, if Ethan Miles says that he will do something, no matter what, even if the rest of the world laughs behind his back, he does it anyway and sod the consequences. That is the mark of a true visionary and that’s why I came to work for you all those years ago, I chose well. To think you, me and the team including all the workers here have achieved the impossible by getting this bloody rocket ready and I think we have almost certainly given humanity a chance of survival. Of course the sad part is that we will never know if it works or not, but we knew that from the start. Now go give your speech to all those doubters that said it couldn’t be done.”   John bent down and gave Ethan a great big hug with both arms wrapped around him tightly. Ethan was taken aback by this action from John because a hug from John was even bigger than sending a rocket on a ten thousand year journey to interstellar space. John went and sat down in between Sara on his left side and Hank on his right side and waited with anticipation to listen to the most important speech that a person has ever given or ever likely to again.

Ethan moved the microphone near to his mouth and said,  “Dear people of Earth, it is with a sad heart that I remind you all of the terrible plight that our species are having to battle through and are so far it’s a war we are losing, big time. So in our hour of need, as the great Winston Churchill once said we here at EMISS are about to shine a little ray of light into these days of darkness and despair. In just a few minutes' time I will give the order to ignite the rockets of the Earth Searcher spaceship that will go forward and search for new planets that our species can settle on and call home. We will never know if, where or when this will happen, but we should all believe that it will happen and that no matter what the outcome here on Earth our species will survive.” Ethan stopped and asked John to approach him. “John, I am about to press the button that will save humanity and I would like you to press it with me because this would never have happened without you.” Ethan reached out for John's hand and pulled it over to where the button was placed. Ethan said in a loud voice,  “We do this for all of humanity and may this spaceship called Earth Searcher travel far and long and eventually find habitable planets that humanity can call home,” and they both pushed their hands down to start the firing of the Earth Searchers rockets. Everybody’s eyes were glued to the huge display screen that was showing the live video of the ship first steps of its mammoth journey. The screen was really the north wall of that room, but with the flick of a switch that wall became this massive viewing screen with its crystal clear resolution, it really was as though you were there sitting above the earth’s atmosphere watching in person but without the discomfort of being suited up in a space suit. The huge rockets started to fire up, a little at first as though the pilot lights had just been lit and the ship started to move in the direction it was pointed in, then the ship's computer added more thrust and the momentum suddenly increased by tenfold. This was it, this was what all the time and money was used for and so far everything was working as it should be, the ships computer signalled to ground control, which was the most helpless ground control in history because the ships computer was now both the captain and navigator of this vessel all ground control could do, from now on, was to watch along with the rest of us, until it was out of our gaze. It would keep sending updates of its progress until even those distant messages would become just footnotes in history and probably without anyone here to hear them except for those species of life that had managed to overcome climate change and surely there would be only be a few humans, if any, that managed to survive the pandemic that was systematically wiping out the very specie that had created it.    

Chapter 27   

Stanley pressed the only button on the lander that had never been used and there was a sudden hissing noise. Troy said to Stanley, in an alarming voice,  “What have you done? You’ve pressed the wrong button.” 
Stanley replied,  “Don’t panic, I pressed the right button. What you can hear is the atmosphere inside the lander equalising with that of the outside and then the doors will open.”   
“Cool.” Troy replied with a sigh of relief. After a few minutes, the doors slowly started to open outward, like a set of stable doors. Troy was right up close to them, almost pushing them open from frustration because it seemed like forever, clearly this robot wasn’t fitted with a patience chip.    “Come on. Come on,” Troy shouted.   There was a space between the doors of about three centimetres and Troy put his digital face right up against it to get a glimpse of the outside,   “Wow,” it shouted.   

“What do you see?” asked Stanley.   

“I see the sky, its blue and there are some white floaty things up there. I guess those are clouds,” Troy replied in awe.  

The doors were now moving faster, and soon there was enough space for Troy to pass through. “Wait!” shouted Stanley, but it was too late. Troy went through the half-open doors with an, “Ahhhhhhh,” as it’s large wheels hit the ground, about one metre below. “Damn, this gravity thing is going to take some getting used to,” it thought to itself.   

“Are you damaged?” shouted Stanley.   

“No nothing is broken, but you could have told me about the ramp not being in place, Hellooooo.”  

Stanley couldn’t get the words out properly and said, “Wha, We, Oh,” and it just thought to itself that if leaving the craft was a problem for Troy, then the future looked very bleak indeed.  Troy had moved out of the way so that the ramp could be deployed. Stanley rolled down it and onto the soil of the new world. They both looked around inquisitively and gazed at their new surroundings. What they could see was a sand like earth on the flat ground that had bush like plants growing all over, as far as they could see. These plants were about one metre high with branch like protrusions growing outward in all directions by about half a metre. They were covered in small green leaves and flowers of every colour imaginable and hanging at the bottom of the plants were some kind of seeds or fruits, growing like bunches of multi-coloured grapes. Stanley wondered how many of these plants had been crushed by the lander. He went around to the back of it to see what had happened to the parachutes that stopped the lander from plummeting to the ground. They were lying flat. Stanley asked Troy to help disengage them and stow them away for later use. They both started to fold up the cloth, like a couple in complete harmony.“Wait , ” Troy shouted.  

“What is it,” said a startled Stanley.   

“There’s something moving underneath that parachute,” Troy replied as he slowly moved back to give more space between it and whatever that was.   

“I didn’t see any movement,” said Stanley and began to lift the chute in question to see if there was anything there.  Troy already had his gears set in reverse as they lifted the chute by Stanley. Troy was right, there was something moving underneath; it was a lizard-like creature that had become trapped by the chute. It was about 50 centimetres long, half of that being its tail. It had a normal lizard like head but its tongue that hissed out of its mouth seemed very short for a lizard, and its body was all coloured yellow. The weirdest thing was that it seemed to have just eaten a rather large meal because it was extremely fat and cumbersome. It ambled towards Troy with its short four legs struggling to hold its weight, resembling a tortoise carrying its house on its back. Troy started saying,   “Shoo, shoo,” but it took no notice and got up close. By now Troy wasn’t worried by such a slow-moving creature and even encouraged it to move nearer. It got so close that Troy could feel it touching the sensors of its wheels and moved an arm down and stroked it as though it was a puppy.   “There’s a good doggy,” Troy said.   Stanley looked on at their first encounter with alien life, albeit that they were the aliens, and wondered how friendly this one seemed.

“Okay Troy, let’s get the rest of these chutes up in case there are more trapped creatures.”  

“Your wish is my command,” said Troy and moved forward to grab another chute. They continued their folding dance, going backward and forward as they folded the chute smaller and smaller until it was just the right size for stowing. “Stow that one away, Troy,” ordered Stanley.   

“As you wish,” replied Troy and reversed towards the lander’s ramp, clutching the neatly folded parachute. Troy heard a strange Squishing noise and could feel a new sensation on its wheels. It was warm and sticky, it looked down and to its horror saw that it had forgotten about its new yellow friend and squashed it under its heavy wheels.  “Noooooooooo,” Troy shouted, but it was too late the creature was dead. Stanley couldn’t believe it and raised its top two arms onto its head and shouted, “Troy! Remember there are other creatures and objects around you! Be careful!”  Troy was acting as though it had just broken its new toy but soon recovered and said, “Oh well, there’s plenty more fish in the sea,” and carried onward to the lander leaving a bloody mess lying on the ground behind it. After all they had stowed away the chutes Stanley told Troy to clean up the squashed mess it had created. Troy went to the spot where the accident had happened, but the dead creature was gone, not even a drop of blood was left on the ground. Troy looked around for bloody tracks or signs of movement because he thought maybe the creature had not died but was only injured. It called over to Stanley and told about the missing body. Troy suggested that it was only a flesh wound and Stanley replied.  “If you think a living creature, having its brains squashed out through its eye sockets and the insides of the torso being splattered on the ground only a flesh wound, then you had better read the book on animal biology from the library, real soon,” and strolled off muttering to itself, ”I don’t believe it, first contact and what did Troy do, it turns it into roadkill.” Then it tutted several times as it headed towards the lander.   

Chapter 28  

“This is a special news alert” said the worried news reader on John’s screen.   
“What now?” John thought to himself as if there could be anything more special than a killer pandemic that is annihilating the human race. The ashen looking woman reading the news said,   ” There has been a new announcement from the World Health Organisation saying that the K virus had reached every country on the planet and there was still no cure, but the world's scientists are working around the clock to discover one. John put the news on pause and poured himself another large glass of his favourite brandy. His two cats were curled up by his side on the sofa. He took a swig of his brandy and while he was savouring the flavour of the best that Napoleon had to offer he wondered what would become of Babbage and Turin after he had succumbed to the inevitable lethal bite of an infected mosquito because even with all the security screens and sprays he had, all it took was one little mistake. He ordered the screen to continue with this news update and the reporter said,  “We have advised everyone to remain inside their dwellings with all the windows closed and put blankets at the bottom of all doors. Only go outside if you it is absolutely necessary and always when the sun is up and wear your hazmat suits, if you have one, if not make sure you cover yourself from head to toe with loose fitting items, not a tight fit.”  John couldn’t stand to hear this person stating the obvious anymore, so he said, “Screen off,” and then “Music on.” Mario Lanza’s version of Because Your Mine, started playing from the collection of his favourite songs of the 1950’s and 60’s. His body relaxed as he slumped back into his seat, stroking the now purring Turin and gently caressing his very expensive glass of brandy with his free hand. John’s eyes were just starting to close while he was being serenaded by Frank Sinatra singing Three Coins in a Fountain, when a female voice said, “You have a vid call from Sara, will you accept?”   
“Yes,” John replied quickly.  “Hello Sara,” John said with a puzzled voice because she never calls so late.   

“Dad, we’ve got it,” she said.   

“Got What, my dear?” he wondered, because he didn’t understand Sara’s cryptic sentence. 

Sara replied, “Dad listen to me. We have it, it has infected all three of us, probably within the last week, so you know what that means, don’t you?”

John sat quietly for a few seconds while his brain tried to unscramble what he had just heard. ”You mean that you, Tim and my granddaughter have been infected with the K virus, is that what you are saying?” he mumbled back frantically.   

“Yes dad, it was confirmed an hour ago by the emergency medical team. There is no doubt, we have it and we are being taken to the K virus centre to be put in quarantine, so we don’t spread it to others, it’s the only way to stop this plague.”   

John, now numb with shock, shouted, “I’m coming there right now!”   Sara stopped him mid-sentence by saying, ”No dad you have to stay there where it’s safe, you can’t do anything for us now and, well, anyway we will be gone by the time you get here. I’m sorry.”   

“You’re sorry, you’re bloody sorry for what? I’m the one who is sorry, I need to be with you, all three of you,” John shouted with a croaky voice and with tears streaming down his emotionally filled face that only three minutes ago was made of granite.  

“They need us to go right now, I love you dad, stay inside, Bye.” Sara quickly said, and the call was ended.   

John screamed a very long NO, wondering how could it be possible that his only family was being taken away, carrying a certain death sentence on their shoulders. “Think John, think,” he shouted to himself.  

“Call Ethan.” John shouted. 

Ethan answered the call,“Ethan here, how can I…?”   
“Ethan shut up and listen to me, I need your help, right now.” John told Ethan.   

“I’m at your disposal John,” Ethan replied with an alarmed sounding voice.  John told Ethan about the horrific news he had just got and then pleaded with Ethan to arrange it so that John could see his daughter one more time.  

“I’m going to make some calls, right now, don’t move.” Ethan told him.   John sat next to his cats for what seemed an eternity until he got the call; he was so desperate to hear.  
“John, I’m so sorry, there is nothing I can do. That quarantine facility is on lockdown, the only people going in are infected ones.” Ethan said with a sad voice.   

“I expected that,” John replied, because while sitting there waiting for Ethan to call back he had realised that was the only logical outcome.

 “Thank you for trying mate.” 

”John, can I do anything else for you?” asked Ethan. 

“No, I’m okay,” John replied in a quiet voice.  “I will talk to you tomorrow,” he said and ended the call.  John sat on his beloved sofa; the cats had both moved up close to him as if they sensed that something was wrong. He poured some more brandy into his empty glass until it was full and then picked it up with his right hand and slowly moved it towards his lips. He drank the whole glass down in one go, as though it was a cold beer on a hot sunny day. Then he carefully placed the glass back onto the coffee table, got up from the sofa and walked to his writing desk. He opened the draw with his left hand and put his right hand inside and grabbed something. He then walked over to Babbage and Turin, looked at them, smiled, and then three shots were fired in short succession.     

Chapter 29 

“Troy, it’s time to extend the lander and prepare the tubes for the first ten. You stay outside and release the support legs into position, when the lander has fully extended. I will bring in the ramp and execute the command.” Stanley told Troy.   

“Okie Dokie,” Troy replied and waited out of the way. The lander started to make a grinding noise, like metal on metal and then it began to grow longer like an old fashioned box of matches. The front of the extension had a set of wheels going down to the ground supporting the weight. As the new part extended out it revealed that it was covered with a special material that contained millions of tiny solar convertors that will collect photons from the two suns and recharge the landers hungry batteries with an unlimited supply of free green energy, for an estimated one hundred years. The inner lander grew to almost the length of the outer part leaving behind it a huge empty space covered in panels and hatches that contained even more needed supplies for the pioneers. When the operation had ended Stanley signalled Troy to release the permanent supports that would hold this new extension in place. Stanley appeared at the doorway and released the dual ramp and steps to the ground. 

“I’m going to fill the tubes and insert the eggs. While I do that I want you to do some reconnaissance of the area with a radius of ten Kilometres, can you do that?” Stanley asked.   
Troy replied with a disgruntled voice, “Well who put you in charge, the King of England?” Stanley looked at Troy with folded arms, like a displeased schoolteacher and said,  “Since you’re the one that keeps making mistakes, forgets things and squashed the first contact it’s only logical that I take control.” Troy scratched the top of its head, which was something it noticed humans did when watching them on the screen, then replied, ”I would like to see how you are after being alone for 5,000 years in this box,” and drove off in a big huff.   

“Troy! Where are you going?” shouted Stanley.  

“I’m doing the survey you asked, no, ordered me to do.” A disgruntled Troy replied.   

“And this is a perfect example of why I have taken control of the mission, you’re not supposed to wheel all that distance, use your head.” Stanley scolded at Troy.   

Use my head, Troy thought, “Hmmmmm… ohhh Yessssss!” it shouted with excitement and suddenly its head section started to rise up as four drone blades sprang out and began to spin. Troy’s head elevated up in the air and it hovered above its main body. 

“Thank you!” shouted Troy excitedly and Stanley replied, “Keep looking at your power reserves, and get back safely, okay.”  

Troy flew off with a “Yippee here I go, up, up and away” and was soon just a tiny spot in the distant sky. Stanley headed up the ramp into the lander to make sure that the solar cells were charging the batteries and prepare the artificial wombs for their first eggs. It opened up the specially designed amniotic fluid tanks and filled each tube to the top from the storage tanks. These tanks had held their life-giving fluid for thousands of years in a perfectly sterile condition thanks to the hard work and ingenuity of a woman who died thousands of years ago. This was the time to see if her designer fluid was up to the task after being stored for so long. Now the full tanks have to be slowly heated to 37.7 C in preparation for the fertilised human eggs. While this was happening Stanley looked outside the doors with arms folded and continuously moving backwards and then forwards very slightly as though it was suffering from a bout of uneasiness because Troy wasn’t back yet. It peered high up in the sky using its magnification lenses to see if Troy was anywhere in sight, but it was nowhere to be seen.  “Perhaps Troy is somewhere in a blind spot,” it thought to itself. 

Troy was high in the sky shouting to itself.  “Is it a bird, is it a plane, no it’s super Troy,” as it flew across the designated area Stanley had asked for. As Troy flew, it recorded all the data with its camera storage device so that upon its return it could upload all the information to the main console. It could see way off in the distance that mountains completely surrounded this new land except to the area to the west where there was an ocean. Three kilometres to the east was a large lake of water with a river running into it that was very close to where the lander was sited. The only vegetation that could be seen was the same as the strange bushes near the base camp. There were no flying creatures that could be seen but Troy spotted many land creatures that seemed to be in groups or packs. Troy had now completed its surveillance of the area and started to head for home. Stanley was still wondering where Troy was, it had thoughts of Troy not watching out for low power and it had crashed to the ground in a ball of flames and probably killing the second contact. But just then it could see Troy in the distance heading towards the camp and a strange sense came over it, like a mother hen who had just found its lost chic.

“Hey Stanley, you should try this sometime. It makes you feel so free and alive,” as it docked with its main body.  

“I’m pleased that you had a good experience and a safe return. Now go to your docking bay and upload all the data of the topography of our area, ready for analysis before you accidently delete it,” Stanley told Troy. The tanks were now heated up and ready for the implantation of the eggs. Stanley removed a tray numbered one, from the egg storage unit and opened it very carefully because inside it was the first ten eggs to be grown into humans, something neither it nor Troy had encountered before. It carefully put the first egg into tank number one’s insertion slot and guided it into the artificial womb where it would begin the rapid growth process. Stanley moved over to the second tank to repeat the process. Troy was in its docking bay uploading the new data it had collected and was watching Stanley at the same time. It found it hard to believe that those minute blobs of cells would soon become a full-grown human. Troy said to Stanley with a very inquisitive voice, “When the humans are fully grown, will they like us?”  
Stanley quickly replied, ”To be liked is irrelevant. We have been assembled only to serve the humans’ needs, nothing more. Now go to the nearby stream and take a water sample for analysis.”  
“I’m on it and I will science the shit out of it,” an eager Troy replied.   

“What does that sentence mean? Have your vocal chips worked loose, which might explain that gibberish you just spoke?” asked Stanley in a sarcastic tone.   

Troy answered Stanley’s effort at sarcasm with,  “Bitch, Bitch, Bitch, for your information that is what the first people who landed on Mars did, so if it was good enough for them, why not for me?” and exited the lander down the ramp shouting,  “Hasta La Vista Baby,” and headed off in the stream's direction. 

Stanley made several loud tuts and then continued inserting the eggs muttering to itself. “How could such an advanced A.I. be so stupid?” 

Chapter 30   

Stanley was just finishing loading the last of the eggs when Troy arrived back in a hurry, shouting. “Aliens, the area near the stream is infested with them.” 

The ever correcting Stanley replied,  “No, we are the aliens, now tell me what you saw.”   

“There were millions of them sitting there, watching me with their large eyes,” it said in a state of panic.   

“When you say millions of them, could you be a bit more specific with the number, or was there really that amount,” Stanley asked with huge scepticism in its voice because it was quickly getting used to Troy’s eccentric ways. 

“Well, there was at least seventy of them sitting there just staring at me with their evil looking eyes and they were covered in black hair that was all shiny,” it told Stanley. 

“I’m finished here now, show me where these creatures are so I may see them for myself, lead on and please don’t run any creatures over this time,” Stanley said in a stern voice.   Troy headed off in the direction of the animals, closely followed by Stanley and it took the same route as before weaving around the many bushes that were dotted all over the landscape. They soon arrived at the stream and sure enough there was a group of fluffy black animals just sitting there, without a care in the world. Stanley and Troy were about five metres from them, and they just observed for a few minutes. The presence of the two robots didn’t concern the animals at all, they just sat next to the bushes and occasionally pulled off a coloured bean with their mouths and chewed and chewed and then licked a kind of fungus that was growing out of the ground next to each bush. The black animals had four legs and short pointed ears that stuck up in the air; they resembled guinea pigs that lived on Earth. Troy thought to itself that they too were really fat just like the yellow things. They were about 400 centimetres long and 300 tall and looked so peaceful, just sitting there. Stanley slowly moved close to one of them and it didn’t seem to mind or care, it just kept chewing and licking. Stanley was so close to it now that he reached out with one of its arms and gently touched it. The animal didn’t flinch or cower in fact it seemed to like the contact, clearly these creatures had no fear at all, maybe there were no predators to be fearful of. Troy saw that Stanley was within spitting distance to one, so it decided to try getting up close too. It slowly moved towards another and the same thing happened, as with Stanley, the seemingly harmless animals had no problem with Troy being close it just carried on as though nothing was there. The two bots made their way back to the camp rather puzzled, because of the animals’ lack of fear towards them, Troy blurted out, “Wow, these animals had better learn to run and hide pretty quickly, before the humans are let loose on the planet, otherwise they are going to be roasted, grilled and barbecued to extinction, very quickly.” Stanley thought something similar but kept its thoughts to itself. Stanley asked Troy to stop, after travelling for a while and told it that the humans would need food to eat once they are out of the tubes, so they should collect some specimens from the bushes and analyse them to see if they would be suitable for them to consume. They both picked several of them off and stowed them in compartments that opened from their main bodies. Troy asked Stanley if they should also take some fungus for sampling as well. “Affirmative,” Stanley replied, so they both broke a piece off of the main shoot and put them in with the other specimens. 

”If these are edible and can sustain the humans, then we can leave the stock of seeds for them to decide how and where they want to grow them.” Troy said

Stanley replied, “Yes I agree it would be better for them to make that decision,” and thought to itself “That’s one less thing to worry about.” They headed on towards the camp with Troy following behind still clutching a piece of the fungus in its right lower hand. They soon arrived back to their destination and were surprised to see that a small colony of the black, fury animals were chomping away at the bushes that were in the camp area. “Well, I think we are going to have to get used to these invasions from time to time,” Stanley said. 

 “I think its nice having them around and we should give them a name because black fury animal takes too long to say.” Troy mentioned.    

“Okay, let’s do that,” Stanley replied.   

“How about Flumbies,” Troy announced excitedly after recalling a distant memory of a film it took part in a long time ago, but of course it got the name wrong. As Stanley didn’t care what name they were given it just replied, “Yes, a good choice,” and headed up the ramp to enter the lander and shouting.  “Troy, bring up those samples to me and where is the water sample?” Troy followed Stanley up the ramp and stopped right next to it,

“Here are the fruit and fungus samples,” it said as it placed the objects into Stanley’s lower pair of hands and continued saying,  “Because of the Flumbies I forgot about the water sample, so I’m on my way to get it now, be right back,” then it exited the lander to get the sample.   

“What am I going to do with Troy?” thought Stanley, followed by his usual tutting as it pulled open the hatch where the analyser was stored. It placed the specimens into an opaque tray and pressed a button that brought the machine to life. An arm started to move over the samples guiding a laser beam over them, all that could be heard was the quiet movement of the arm, it passed over several times and then returned to its start position and made a loud bleep, bleep noise to show that the scan was complete. Stanley plugged itself into its docking bay console to retrieve the waiting results.
“That’s good news” it thought because the results confirmed that the samples were a cross between a nut and a berry that could be eaten whole or ground down and made into a kind of flour that the humans could use safely and receive a good source of nutrition, in fact these berries/nuts could probably sustain them indefinitely because of their unique composition, unique by Earth standards at least, but who knows what else is to be found on this planet. Stanley removed the items from the analyser and replaced them with the strange fungus looking samples. The machine did its job and Stanley retrieved the results. That’s strange Stanley thought because the samples were nothing like any fungus that was known to humans but did have some similarities, and the weirdest thing was, its chemical composition contained a kind of opioid, that was probably very addictive to any creature that consumed it. Maybe it could be used in a medical capacity, other than that it had no real value for humans, so Stanley marked it down as not for human consumption, but maybe for medicinal purposes only, more analysis needed. Troy soon arrived back clasping the water sample container in its lower hands. “Here you are Stanley, one fresh container of water as promised,” and gave it to Stanley who immediately did the analysis and checked the results because this sample was critical for the human’s survival. 

“Well, let me in on the secret,” said Troy, because it also understood the importance of this particular result, “come on, come on. We need to know the result, because the fate of humankind is in the balance,” it told Stanley.   

“You love to dramatise things Troy, this sample is just one, there are probably many other ways of getting water, however, I will concede that it is quite an important result, so here it is,” Stanley said while trying not to act, the slightest bit concerned. “The analysis shows that the water is perfectly suitable for the humans to drink, but as a precautionary measure they should filter it before use.   

“Yeah, our humans will be able to survive here and create a colony, with us helping them, it’s been a good day hasn’t it Stanley,” and it held up its top right hand towards his robot friend.   

“Yes, it has indeed been a good day,” Stanley replied and surprised Troy by touching the manufactured palm of its top right hand up to Troy’s with a huge digital smile across its artificial face.   
“Wow, the damn Vulcan is becoming human,” Troy thought to itself as it smiled right back at Stanley.  

Chapter 31   

“How are the humans cooking Stanley,” Troy asked. Stanley looked puzzled and confused with Troy’s question, ”Whatever do you mean, is this some kind of silly code you are trying out on me?” Stanley asked. 

“No silly, if you knew the humans like me you would know exactly what that question means, you see when human women are pregnant with a baby growing inside them all the other people say, have you got a bun in the oven, now do you get it.”

Stanley replied, “I see, so what you are really asking is, how are the human foetuses growing? Well, go and see for yourself and next time you have a question to ask, ask in English, please.” 
Troy moved over to one of the tubes and looked at the display unit on the side to read the data. “Hmmm, let me see, it reads it is nine days old and all the lights are showing green, so it’s baking well.”   
“Now check all the other tubes to see if all the lights are on green and if any show red call me immediately.” Stanley told Troy.   
“Will do guvnor,” Troy replied with a very fake London accent.  

“Today we are going to do an intensive surveillance, one kilometre radius around our camp to see what’s there, because we need to know what other creatures are living here and see if they are safe for the humans,” Stanley told Troy.
“Okay, I’ll follow you,” Troy replied. Stanley headed out with Troy following closely behind, but not too close, just in case something other than a flumby was discovered and attacked Stanley. They started to zigzag across the one kilometre radius in a clockwise direction trying not to damage any of the life giving bushes and paying special attention not to run over any creatures. After ten minutes of travel Stanley came to a sudden stop, with Troy almost running into its back because of lack of attention.  “Woo-oh!” Troy shouted like an ancient American cowboy.  “Why have we stopped?” it asked.   
“Be silent and come here slowly because we have found some new creatures,” Stanley whispered. Troy whispered back. “I’ll be there in a jiffy,” and stopped alongside Stanley. About three metres ahead was a group of what looked like Flumbies but they were much bigger, twice the size and all with fur as white as snow. Stanley told Troy to wait while it edged nearer towards the animals. Just like the others they didn’t react to Stanley’s presence at all, they just kept on eating and licking the fungus. Stanley moved up close to one of them and slowly touched it with a gentle hand, the white flumby seemed to like the experience because it moved closer to Stanley and started to rub its side on its wheels, like a pussy cat trying to get its owners attention. It beckoned Troy to move nearer and in no time at all they were both surrounded by these trusting animals. They counted the animals that were in sight and the total was ninety-seven. Every now and again the robots noticed that one of the flumbies would jump up on the back of another one, wiggle around for a few seconds and then carry on chewing. 
“Do you think the one on top is trying to climb over the other one to reach nicer fruits?” Troy asked.   
“Yes Troy, that’s exactly right,” replied Stanley, not wanting to get into a birds and the bee’s conversation with a robot that thinks reality is something from an ancient TV series.
“Let’s carefully move on, follow me Troy, but slowly,” Stanley whispered not wanting to scare the animals, but thinking these animals were so laid back that not even a sudden crash of thunder would make them batter an eyelid. They slowly moved away, leaving the white flumbies to continue eating and doing the other thing. Stanley told Troy to travel slowly, not wanting to cause any damage to the habitat or to the wildlife. Troy replied,
“I think we will have to change that word to friendly life because so far, these creatures are about as wild as a sloth laying in a tree on a warm summer evening.” A while later they encountered a group of the yellow lizard like creatures, the same that Troy squashed. There was thirty or so, just sitting there eating and jumping over each other from time to time, exactly the same as the flumbies and just as friendly. “We still have a long way to go, so let’s get moving,” Stanley told Troy and they continued searching for other friendly life to document. They arrived back at the camp just as the two suns were setting over the distant mountains giving everything an orange tinge and casting long dark shadows that made Troy feel uneasy because of the evening, misshapen doppelgangers, that were created by the bushes stopping the setting sun’s rays from reaching the ground. “Let’s go inside and upload our data for storage, Stanley ordered. Troy drove up the ramp. Got to the top and shouted, “That’s it we are closing up the doors next time Stanley,” 

“What do you mean?” Stanley asked. “I will show you what I mean, Shoo, Shoo,” Troy shouted as he herded a group of black flumbies out of the lander, Flumbies, I hate Flumbies,” it shouted. The creatures moved very slowly down the ramp, like a herd of giant tortoises with Troy shooing them from behind. “Yes, you are right Troy, from now on we will always lock the doors when we are not here.” The bots went into the lander to make sure that the uninvited guests had not damaged anything and saw lots of small dark-coloured berries dotted around the floor. Troy said, “Those Flumbies must like us because they have left us some of their food lying around.” 
Stanley replied, ”I don’t think it is food, but little pieces of flumby droppings and we had better clean it up quickly before we squash it with our wheels and spread it everywhere. Who knows what harmful bacteria is in that?” 
Troy asked, “What are droppings?” When Stanley explained the mystery, it made a yew sound, and they both began the task of cleaning the floor. They used their built in air blowers and soon blew all the droppings down the ramp. “This reminds me, we have to prepare a place for the humans to do their droppings,” said Stanley.   
“What?” shouted Troy. “Humans do droppings all over the floor too,” it said with amazement? Stanley replied, “All biological life-forms have waste material coming out of their bodies, liquid and droppings, but humans have trained themselves to do it in specially designated rooms and that’s what we need to construct for their arrival. 
“The more I understand about humans, the more I think they should be the ones working for us, Troy exclaimed, and Stanley replied.   
“Well, yes, I agree with you however the humans would argue, who invented who.”   
“Yeah, I forgot, the humans are our makers,” Troy said with a confused tone to its voice.   

“Oh well, I had better download the files for the droppings room so our creators can do drops when they feel the need,” said Stanley and plugged itself into the console to retrieve the file named Toilets. When it was downloaded to Stanley’s data base, it studied the instructions on how and where to construct it by using the materials that were available. The only thing that they could use was the material from the parachutes and the digging adapters that they can attach to their bodies. “I have all the information we need to build the toilets, but there is no need to do this until the humans are close to their arrival,” Stanley told Troy.   

“I will remind you when that time comes, Troy told Stanley.   
“Yes, of course you will Troy.” it replied, then tutted to itself.     

Chapter 32  

“Have you checked the children? ” Troy asked Stanley in a devilish voice.  

“Is this one of your silly film quotes.” Stanley grumbled.   

“I’m not sure, these words just come out without planning,” Troy replied.  
 
“Well, no, I have not yet done my morning check. Would you like to help me?” Stanley asked. Of course whenever Stanley said, ‘Troy would you like to?’ it really meant, ‘Troy you will’ and Troy knew this so it replied, “Oh great, I would love to thank you so much,” with a sarcastic tone to its voice.  They moved over to the tubes and started by reading the data of number one’s screen. Everything was all okay, and the foetus had now been growing for two months. It was about the size of a human baby at the time of birth and could easily survive now, should it be taken out of the artificial womb. 
“Only 14 months to go now, and then you will be a proud father,” Troy said to Stanley with a huge smile on its face. 
Stanley replied, “I can assure you that if I was able to reproduce, the resulting AI would be an enormous improvement to the fragile humans.”   
“That’s true, but your offspring would never be fun like our humans are going to be,” Troy said. 

Stanley replied in a stern voice.  “Fun doesn’t do the work, fun doesn’t make things happen, fun is a silly human trait that should be banned along with all those other emotions the humans suffer from.” 
Troy quickly replied, “But wouldn’t existence be boring without some fun?” Stanley chose not to reply and continued checking the tubes. Every day the robots checked the humans growth to make sure they were growing to schedule and now that they were on month four it was time to attach the intracranial learning devices to the young ones heads so they could be connected up to the landers console for rapid knowledge intake and they will also remove the embryonic sac that surrounds the humans because it was no longer needed. “I will show you how to do the first one. Then you can do the next one,” Stanley told Troy. Stanley opened the slot that was used to place the eggs into the tubes all those months ago and inserted a telescopic grabbing device to remove the unwanted sack. It moved the arm up to the top of the sac and gently cut around it with a laser incision that barely went through the sack membrane with the precision of the finest mechanical surgeons of old. Stanley then moved the arm down to the bottom and took hold of the sac with the tongs of the grabber and gently gave a slight pull in a downwards direction. The sac broke free from the top and began to pull down over the body of the human. As the sack was pulled down, like a lady removing her stocking, more and more of the human child was revelled. First its two tiny feet then the bent legs and torso then finally the head was revelled to the gaze of the robots.

“Eeww it’s horrible. Why is it so ugly, is it deformed?” shouted Troy. 

“No, Troy, it’s perfectly formed for an equivalent three-year-old human. Let me remove all the sack and then we can examine the small human in detail.”   Stanley pulled the sac right over the infant's head so that it was no longer enshrouded. It then slowly pulled the sac into the chamber of the hatch and then closed the inner door so that the sack could be pulled out of the tube completely.  “That’s stage one complete,” said Stanley.  “Now for stage two,” it continued. Troy was still in complete shock at how the humans could look so different from the ones it had interacted with in the films, it experienced all those years ago. It put its glass face right up to the tube wall to see if that made the infant look better, but it didn’t, in fact it just got worse because of the magnification. Troy pulled away quickly and said, “Are you sure you haven’t thrown away the baby and kept the wrinkled up sac by mistake?” 
Stanley replied, “Stop being a drama queen and watch me insert the learning device.” Stanley inserted the grabbing tool once more and moved it all the way up to the top of the tank.  “Are you paying close attention to this Troy?” it said and Troy replied, “I’m with you all the way, bruv.”   Stanley pulled down a small kind of plug that was up in the tube's top, it was attached to a thin wire that was revealed as it pulled it downward. When it was long enough to reach the infants head it moved it up close to the temple area and gently touched the skin of young human, then the connector plug attached itself to the head by its own mechanism and was now firmly in place.   “Did you see that Troy? it’s that easy,” and removed the grabber device from the tank and closed the hatch. “That’s it all done and now the human is attached to the learning console.  Your turn Troy.” Stanley watched Troy perform the two tasks without any problems on tube number two, and they each carried on with the remaining eight. “I’m all done with mine,” Troy shouted.
“Why are you shouting, I’m placed right next to you,” said Stanley, and pulled out the grabber from the last tube, tutting to itself. “Now it’s time to turn on the learning modules that will teach the humans about many subjects; it’s similar to we robots uploading data to our memory, but of course we can do it in milliseconds whereas humans take many months to store a fraction of the data we store. They really are inferior.” Stanley said with distain as it began the human learning process.   Troy asked Stanley why the humans were upside down, like bats hanging in a tree? Stanley explained that while the humans grew in the sack, they were that way round, but they would turn themselves around very soon, or we would have to do it for them. “So that’s it then, they are now attending school while they continue to grow,” Troy said, while thinking to itself that these school kids were so ugly that they should all be forced into a permanent detention and stay inside the tubes for life.     




Chapter 33  

Troy was standing at the top of the ramp, just looking around in general; it was another clear day where the only things in the sky were the twin suns. It wondered why there were no birds in the sky flying around or insects zipping along like tiny missiles. This planet is strange indeed, it thought because they have only found two types of lifeforms. Where are all the others? Or maybe there were none? I guess the humans will have to sort out that mystery, it thought. Stanley was doing the daily tube check and this was day 212. It could see that the humans had really grown now. They looked like they would be the equivalent of about ten years old, all perfectly formed and they moved around quite a lot, as though they were stretching and exercising to keep themselves fit. Twice a day they would all have a bout of the hiccups which amused Troy because it thought that they were trying to talk, but in reality they were exercising their lungs so that when they took their first breath of air they would be in good working condition. Troy was bored looking out of the door because there wasn’t really much to see so it joined Stanley to help do the inspection.  

“What can I do to help?” it asked. 
“You can start cleaning the outside of the tubes because they are quite dusty.” Stanley ordered. 

Troy thought to itself, “Great you just leisurely move around looking at screens and I do all the housework. I can see which of us wears the trousers in this relationship,” Stanley had become a real bossy toaster, it thought. “Okie dokie,” Troy replied. It picked up the duster which was hanging on the hatch door of tube number four and started to wipe over the tube, as it did this it could see that the eyes of the young human inside were open. Troy was sure that the little girl was looking directly at it. This made Troy feel very uncomfortable because it had never seen one of these human with open eyes.  “I wonder if she can see me,” Troy thought. It waved at the girl, but there was no reaction.  She just kept on staring in Troy’s direction. “Stupid Humans,” it muttered to itself.   

“What are you mumbling about now?” asked Stanley. Troy replied, “Oh nothing, it Ahhhh!” Troy screamed, almost jumping out of its metallic skin because the young girl poked her tongue out at it and then smiled.

“It’s alive, it’s alive,” Troy screamed out.   
“Of course they are alive.  Do you think we are growing corpses?” Stanley replied.   
“Yes, but this one interacted with me. What do I do?” Troy asked excitedly. 
Stanley said in a stern voice, “If you had done more checking instead of standing at the doorway and daydreaming about who knows what, then you would know that these interactions happen from time to time and the regularity will increase as they grow.”   
“So, can I react back with them?” Troy asked.   
“Yes you can, you should as much as possible, but no teaching them bad habits.” Stanley said.   Troy was holding the thumb of its top right hand up to its digital nose whilst wiggling all the fingers of that hand and the girl was copying it. 

“Troy, what did I just say about bad habits?” Stanley moaned.   

“This is not a bad habit, it’s a human fun motion that they do quite often to each other and then they all laugh out loud,” Troy informed Stanley.   

“I’m sure it is Troy, but just be careful, please,” Stanley said and tutted several times to itself.   Troy enjoyed playing with this young female and waved again to see if she would do it back, this time. She moved her left hand up and gave a small wave, smiling all the while. “What can I do now?” Troy thought.   “I know what I can do.” It changed its digital face into the shape of a cartoon fish face and began to make swimming motions with its arms while moving along for a few metres then turning around and repeating the process. This made the young lady make a laughing motion, and she clapped her hands together. Her reaction gave Troy a feeling of pleasure then it bowed several times with arms stretched wide. 
“Troy, that’s enough with number four now move along to the next tube.” Troy waved to the girl and signalled to her with its hand by making a letter C and then U, she copied Troy’s gesture and repeated it back to it and then closed her eyes.  Stanley had been observing this interaction and thought to itself, “I hope she doesn’t turn out like Troy, one is more than enough on this planet.”      
Chapter 34  

Troy made regular visits to its new friend, they interacted in much the same way, every day because there is only so much you can do when you are separated by a thick glass barrier and gallons of synthetic amniotic fluid, but even so they seemed to enjoy each other's company. Troy also interacted with all the other young humans, but number four was its favourite, so it wanted to please and surprise her. It decided to introduce her to a flumby but had to do it when Stanley was otherwise occupied, the further away the better. First of all it had to befriend a flumby and gain its confidence which shouldn’t be much of a problem because after all they are similar to a stuffed toy animals with the exception that the stuffed variety doesn’t do droppings. Troy went outside in the direction of the stream because it would be sure of finding flumbies there. Sure enough, there was a group of about fifty doing their usual thing, eating, licking, making dropping and doing the hugging thing. Troy moved very close to one of them with no fear at all. It bent over and started to caress the animal with its lower two hands, the flumby reacted by rubbing up against one of its wheels. “This is a good sign,” Troy thought. Troy picked one of the coloured beans off of the closest bush and offered it to the cute fluffy creature; to Troy’s surprise it started to nibble it from the robot’s hand. Troy thought, “Okay, let’s do this!” and slowly gave the animal the whole bean to keep it occupied. It slowly and carefully placed its lower hands under the flumby and started to lift it up. The animal had no reaction at all except to carry on chewing the bean they gave it. Troy gently started to move in the camp's direction, being careful not to drop its new friend. Every minute or so Troy would stop and hold the flumby’s head near to a bush and fungus and offered it a tasty bite and then carry on back in the direction of the lander. They soon reached the camp and Troy looked around for signs of Stanley. The coast seemed to be clear; and it was. They moved up the ramp backwards so that if Stanley was inside Troy could quickly change direction and keep the animal hidden by its body, this robot was quickly learning the art of deception. Stanley wasn’t inside the lander, so this was Troy’s chance to surprise number four. It moved over to the tube with its main body backwards but its face forward to keep the flumby out of 4’s view. Her eyes were open, and she smiled and waved at Troy because she was happy to see it. Troy signalled to her to close her eyes for a few seconds and when she did, it turned its main body around to face towards the tank and waited for her to open her eyes. Her eyes soon opened, and she saw Troy moving its top right hand and pointing downward, like a neon arrow giving direction. She looked down and saw the flumby, she gave a great big smile and moved her hands as though they were stroking the animal. Troy put the flumby on the ground to see if it would move for the girl. All it did was stare and chew. Just then Troy heard Stanley arriving back into the lander and thought to itself, “Oh no, I’m going to get busted by and angry toaster. Oh well. It was worth it.”   
Stanley shouted to Troy, “How on earth did that flumby get in here, I guess it got lost and just wandered up here.   
Troy quickly replied, “What flumby?”  
“Down there to your right, behind tube number four,” Stanley pointed out. Troy started to look around as though it was searching and the said, “Oh yeah, there is the naughty little flumby,” and began to shoo it towards the door while holding one hand behind itself and waving goodbye to four. “I know, maybe one of us should try to pick it up and take it outside, it will be much quicker that way, otherwise it could take ages. Would you like to do it?” Troy asked. Stanley looked at Troy and said, “Do I look like a flumby transportation device, you do it if you're brave enough.” Troy surprised Stanley with his reply.  “Alright. I will give it a try if you can’t handle it,” and then carefully picked up the animal with its bottom hands, took it out of the lander and returned it to the stream where its colony was still munching away. Stanley watched them go out of sight and thought to itself. Maybe there is a glimmer of hope for that silly robot, after all.  

Chapter 35   

“Hello four,” Troy said with a wave and a wink. She waved back with a huge smile on her face because she really looked forward to their interactions. Troy looked at the display screen and told her that all the lights were glowing green and this was day 287. It used its portable screen to write a message to her. ”Wow, you are really growing fast and the best thing is you’re not ugly anymore, in fact you  look just like that the lady in that famous painting the Mona Lisa.”   Troy paused for a few seconds and four smiled with delight, then it continued by writing, ”Yeah just like her, all cracked and old looking,” it said with a huge grin, then laughed out loud. Four thought that was hilarious and was in fits of laughter, thrashing around like a dolphin on steroids, almost pulling her umbilical cord off. Troy could see that four was happy and was thankful that she liked his attempt at humour. It wrote that it’s going to be great when you escape from this tube. We will have so much fun together, she nodded in agreement. “I have a question to ask you four,” it wrote, she gave it the thumbs up, as if to say continue. “Do you like me?” it asked.
Four looked surprised. She quickly smiled at her best friend and moved her hands together in the shape of a heart, then pointed towards the love-struck robot. It wrote in reply, “I think that means it's a big fat yes?” she nodded her head up and down in reply.   
“Cool,” it shouted and held its hand up to the glass that was dividing the two unlikely friends, she put her hand onto its hand and gave him the thumbs up with her other hand.   

“Troy, come here, please. We need to discuss the water situation,” shouted Stanley.   
Troy rolled its eyes at four and waved goodbye. She winked at it and returned the wave. It made its way over to the dreary Dalek. That was the new name it had given to Stanley, but only Troy knew that. “Yes mate, how can I help you?” it said. Stanley chose to ignore Troy’s weird reply and said,  “We have to construct and install a water supply for the humans before they exit the tubes, so let’s get on with it today. Troy thought that it would be fun to push its luck with the Cockney accent and replied, “All right governor, how we going to get this done then?”
Stanley wasn’t looking amused with Troy’s British voice and told it to speak like a proper robot.
“All right, mate. Keep your bleeding hair on,” Troy replied with a big smile on its face. 
“Okay, okay, let’s act normal now because we have work to do,” Stanley said. Troy thought to itself, yeah right, what Stanley actually means is, Troy has work to do, now what am I being volunteered for. “So what’s the plan man,” Troy asked. 
Stanley told it that they have many coiled rolls of synthetic hose pipe which would need to be rolled out from the stream all the way to the lander, then they would have to connect the pipe to the water inlet valve on the craft. Then we should have running water ready for the humans. Troy thought to itself, “That’s not so bad,” and asked where these hose pipes were stored. Stanley told Troy to follow and pointed at the floor of the lander. “They are here inside this storage compartment. You pull up the hatch and I will remove them.” Troy pressed the button of the door downward and slid it all the way to the right and then pulled the metal plate up and held it there at about 90 degrees to the floor. Stanley looked inside and lifted out the first roll and examined it.  “Okay, we will need ten of these to reach the stream,” and then proceeded to lift them out, one by one. Luckily, the constructors of the ship had planned for such an event and loaded plenty of reels. When they were all out, Troy gently lowered the panel and put it back into the locked position. “This is how we will carry out this task, you carry as many reels as you can and starting at the stream uncoil the first one until it is all laid out then join the second and so on. I will do the same starting at this end and we will meet somewhere in the middle.” Stanley ordered as though he was the Sargent Major ordering his troops. Troy’s mind was elsewhere. He was daydreaming about 4’s release from her tube. “Troy, are you listening to me? Stanley cried out.   

“I’m hanging onto your every word, boss,” Troy said sarcastically.

“We will have to lay the pipes out in as near a straight line as possible but without damaging any bushes and we need to bury the pipe at a depth of 30 centimetres to keep the sun’s rays from damaging the wall of the pipe. “Have you understood our mission?” asked Stanley.

 It replied, “Right on bro,” then picked up four reels, one in each hand and made its way to the stream, following a straight line as was possible. When Troy was out of earshot it said to itself, ”Typical, just bloody typical if one of us has to travel further, jump higher or lift heavier it’s always me, that bloody Dalek always gets the easier task, just bloody typical. Where is the Doctor when needed, any one of the 28 would do?” 

Troy arrived at the stream and dropped the reels onto the ground. Right, it thought, let’s unravel the first one and see how far it goes. It put the end of the hose into the stream and then let the spool unwind as it moved forward. It was being very careful not to damage any bushes, and luckily there were no flumbies around at that time. They must have moved on to greener pastures it thought. When the whole reel was rolled out, it went back to the stream to get the other three spools and repeat the process. It moved to pick up the first reel but a yellow lizard thing had decided to use it as a sun lounger and wasn’t moving for man or robot. Troy decided to let the lazy creature rest at ease until it needed the last reel. Soon the three reels were all laid out just leaving the fourth one to be rolled out. Troy made its way to the stream to collect the missing spool but found the persistent yellow monster was still laying on it and clearly had no intention of vacating its newfound suns lounger. “Damn you, damn you all” Troy yelled. That was the moment Troy thought up the name for the stubborn animal and from that moment on they were called Yell’s. Troy pretended to scratch its head because he had noticed that humans in the films did this when they were trying to solve a problem. It then thought it would use the tried and trusted yell moving method and shouted, “Shoo, Shoo,” to the stubborn critter but it just looked at Troy and then closed its eyes and  laid there, like a hung over holiday maker sleeping by the hotel pool, building up their energy for the coming night's onslaught of merriment. “So much for the standard shooing method,” it said to itself. Okay it’s time for Plan B Troy thought, then started to move around in a circle, while humming to itself, it suddenly looked over to the left and accidently, on purpose, hit the spool with its wheels and sent the yell flying into the air, luckily it landed safely on the ground without harm. “Oh, I’m so sorry Mr Yell,” it said with an evil grin on its face and quickly picked up the now vacant reel and sped off to the end of the pipe.
“That’ll teach it to mess with Troy the destroyer,” it thought with a smile on its face. The missing hosepipe was soon connected to the other three and laid out. Troy could see Stanley making its way toward it. Stanley shouted,  “Last one and then all we have to do is connect them up and see if the water flows through to the pump and filter and when it does, you can bury the hosepipe underground.” If looks could kill a bossy robot, Stanley was surely going suffer the fate of becoming a lifeless metal shell after the zombie flumbies had pulled out its inner circuit boards and neural network, Troy imagined in great detail. “Let’s return to the lander and see if we can get the water flowing,” Stanley said. They arrived back at the camp and Stanley connected the end of the hose to the inlet that was hidden behind a small panel just under the lander. “Here goes,” said Stanley and started the filter pump. It made a very quiet humming sound and then they could hear the air being forced out of the bleeder valve. After a few minutes of escaping air, the noise suddenly changed to the hiss of escaping water, so Stanley quickly closed the bleeder up and water began to pass through the filter and into the empty storage tank hidden inside the ship. ”We did it,” shouted Stanley with the sound of great achievement vibrating through its voice and continued with, “That’s what I call teamwork, well done.” Troy looked very troubled because Stanley had never said a nice thing to it, what does this mean, is Stanley turning nice, it thought, then reality hit Troy right on his digital nose because Stanley then said,  “Right I’m going to make sure that the water pump works while you go and bury the hose.” I know what I would like to bury, thought Troy.  

Chapter 36   

Stanley was checking the meteorological data that they had collated when they arrived on the planet, so that when the humans were up and about, which was very soon now, in fact only three weeks to go, they would have a guide as to the weather cycle of this area. It thought to itself that it had made a great choice for the landing site because of the perfect weather conditions. It was similar to those Caribbean islands on Earth, before climate change, where the temperature was pretty much the same all year round. They had very few rainy days but that was okay because the stream was constantly being fed by its parent river, so water wasn’t a problem. Stanley remembered that they had to construct the human waste area ready for their arrival. There weren’t many choices on how to do this because there were no trees for timber to use for construction, all they had were some old parachutes to be used as dividers, along with some poles that could be made from various parts in storage. Stanley called Troy, who was keeping Four amused, which wasn’t unusual, it seemed that they were now inseparable. Stanley couldn’t understand Troy’s fascination with humans, after all they were physically and mentally inferior to them but that didn’t seem to worry Troy. “What’s up Doc?” Troy asked.   
“We need to construct the human waste area before we release them from their tubes and as that is now very soon, I think we should proceed with the task today.” Stanley said.   
“Okay let’s build this mother,” Troy replied in an excited voice because it knew that as each day passes, it was one less before it would meet Four in the flesh. They both went outside and Stanley told Troy that they should build it over there and pointed with its top right hand to a position that was about twenty metres away and generally up wind of the lander. “What difference does wind direction make?” Troy asked inquisitively. Stanley said that the humans had a sense called smell, and that they didn’t like the scent of droppings, especially other people’s so if the waste area was down wind the smell would be blown in the lander's direction causing the humans discomfort. That’s why we will construct it up wind then the smell will blow away from the camp. Troy said with a grin on its face. “What will the humans do when they smell the flumbies droppings because that will be really stinky to them?”   
“Indeed,” Stanley replied and raised his digital eyebrows. Troy fetched the carefully stowed parachutes from the storage cupboard and took them out to the area where Stanley was connecting some poles to hold the chute material in place.
“We need to get the three auto toilets from the lander and put them into position first and it will take both of us to carry one, so let’s go,” Stanley told Troy.
“What do these do?” asked Troy. Stanley told it that these units were designed to turn the human waste into small blocks of manure and recycle the liquid into usable water.”  

“Can the manure be used to grow potatoes as they did on Mars,” Troy asked.  

“Yes Troy, potatoes and many other vegetables would benefit from this.” Stanley said.   They soon had the area completed, and both robots seemed to look pleased with themselves. Troy rushed off to visit Four to tell her of its achievement. When Troy told her she smiled and gave a thumbs up. Later that day while Stanley was checking the newly fixed water connections at the waste area it heard some movement in one of the three cubicles. It pulled open the hanging sheet and found several yells had congregated inside there, presumably because it was cosier than sleeping in the outside. “Shoo, shoo,” Stanley shouted and waved its four arms about like an out of sequence drone trying to take off. The yells just lay there looking at this strange mechanical alien and didn’t move an inch. “Troy! Troy!” Stanley shouted, and it soon appeared and asked, ”What’s got your knickers in a twist?”
“What gibberish are you talking now? If we have to use this ancient way of communicating, then at least speak properly,” Stanley moaned and tutted several times. Stanley told Troy about the uninvited guests in the cubicle and that its efforts to remove them failed dismally.
“We can’t have these creatures sleeping in here because they would frighten the humans. You know how fragile they will be, ” Stanley said. 
“I think the humans will be a lot more resilient than you think, but anyway I will show you how to remove the yells, without getting in a fluster,” and headed off saying, “I’ll be back.”
Stanley just stared at the Yells wondering what Troy was up to now. Troy soon returned holding a bunch of nuts in all four of its hands. “Watch and learn buster,” Troy said then it put a nut up to the nose of one of the yells and then pulled it away in the exit's direction. To Stanley’s amazement, the yell followed Troy’s hand, like a donkey following the carrot. The other yells all looked up and Troy tempted them with the delicious fruits and they all followed just like the first one.  Stanley said, ”Okay, what’s your secret because I know that those yells won't move for just for one of those, so come on tell me what the trick is.” 

Troy replied, ”What you want me to spill the beans, do you? Well, my superior intellect deduced that yells couldn’t resist the nuts coated in the fungus juice and hey presto it worked,” Stanley said. “Hmm yes, well it did seem to work, well done Troy,” and headed for the lander doorway muttering to itself, “Well, I’m never going to live this down, I have been out thought by a robot with more than just a few links missing in its neural network, tut, tut, tut.” Troy went behind the toilet tent, out of Stanley’s sight to where the yells had now congregated and quietly said to them.  “Thanks guys. You reacted just as planned that really pissed off the dastardly Darlek, yessss,” and held its top two arms up in the air like Rocky when he ran up the long flight of stairs non-stop.    

Chapter 37   

“Come on, come on,” Troy told Stanley, like an excited child waiting to open its Christmas presents stored under the tree. “Stanley, hurry up, quick, quick let’s go,” it screamed while shaking its body and moving its four arms as though it had a sudden power surge running through its entire frame.   “Yes Troy, I am nearly ready. I just have to do a few more checks before we can open the tubes and release the humans.” Stanley replied.

“But I can’t wait any longer, if I was a human I would now be standing in a puddle of pee because I’m so excited, make with the movement Mr,” Troy blurted out.

“Okay, okay, I’m done, now let’s go to the tubes and release them. Have you got the human’s clothes ready for them to wear after they have cleaned themselves up?”   
Troy replied, “Yes, well, no, but I will get them now and place them by the shower, be back in a jiffy.” Troy scampered off at top speed to retrieve the clothing. Stanley went to tube number one and signalled to the occupant that it was time to be released. The person inside gave the thumbs up to show that all was well. Stanley pressed the display unit and they could hear the faint sound of a pump as the liquid level slowly started to go down. Troy arrived and said, “Why didn’t you do tube number four first?” Stanley replied that there was a procedure to stick to and that meant starting at one and working our way up to ten.   
 “Oh but, can we?” Stanley interrupted Troy and said, “No buts, we do it properly,” with a disappointing sound to its voice Troy replied “Okay but hurry up with the first three; they need to come out quick, real quick.” 

The level of the liquid in the first tank had gone below the face of the occupant and she started to cough strongly to clear her lungs of the synthetic fluid so she could breathe her first lungful of air. She seemed to cough for ages, like a heavy smoker suffering from clogged up lungs and then she gasped her first breath as her lungs began to work, she breathed in and out a few times and then gave the two mesmerised robots a thumbs up. By now the tube had emptied so Stanley unlocked the mechanism that held the door tightly closed and then pulled the curved door open to gain access so it could cut the umbilical cord and free number one. Stanley reached inside with the portable laser device and signalled to One it was about to sever the cord. One moved its tummy towards Stanley to give it easy access and Stanley cut and cauterised the cord freeing her from the synthetic womb. She tried to talk and an inaudible sound came from her mouth; she tried again and the robots could just make out the word thank you.
”You’re very welcome number one,” replied Stanley and offered her its top right hand to help guide her out of the tube. She slowly stepped out, dripping with the fluid from her naked body and a puddle quickly formed on the surrounding floor.

”I’m Stanley and this is Troy, we are here to help and assist you. Please follow Troy to the shower to clean off and then you can get dressed. Troy take One’s hand and help her on the way.”
Troy gently led the stumbling new born towards the shower, taking it really slow because this was the first time her legs had to take her weight. The other nine people were all watching from their tubes and making various gestures of happiness that One was free.  When Troy was helping One to walk over to the shower, it said to her, ”I am so happy to meet you, you have no idea what it was like with only Stanley to interact with, it is okay but so boring and bossy, but now I have you guys to do things with.” One looked at Troy and said in a weak voice. ”You’re right! What a douche Stanley is,” and smiled. They made it to the shower without incident and towards the end One was walking on her own. She stepped into the shower that Troy had constructed for them and began to wash away all that life-giving fluid that she had spent the last eighteen months cocooned in and was now clean and looked completely different compared to that sticky fluid covered thing that had just been set free. ”Here is a towel for you to dry yourself,” it said, handing it to her. The young blonde-haired women, who was about 157 cm tall, clumsily dried herself because she hadn’t got complete coordination of her hands and arms yet, Troy asked if it could dry her back for her which she readily accepted and passed the towel to it. It gently rubbed her back up and down until she was dry, it then handed her a set of blue overalls telling her that this size should fit but if not we have other sizes. She stepped into them as Troy looked on carefully just in case she lost her balance and then put her arms into the sleeves and pulled up the zip. All she needed now was something to wear on her feet and then she was good to go. Troy handed her a pair of white slip on slippers that she quickly put on her feet and then said to Troy. “Come on, let’s go greet the others,” and she started to walk towards the tubes with Troy following close behind. As they got there, number two was having his cord removed. He was clearly much taller than One because he was about 185 cm and his body was stockier and his muscles seemed to be more pronounced, it was hard to see what colour his hair was under all that slime but it seemed to be dark. Stanley introduced itself and told Troy to lead him to the shower. One welcomed Two to the outside world but refrained from hugging him because she had only just got clean and didn’t want to get slimy again, also he was completely naked so it didn’t seem appropriate at this time.  Troy said,  “Come on Two, I will help you to the shower,” and gave him an arm to lean on as they made their way. Troy couldn’t help looking over at Four and giving her a wave. It and Two arrived at the shower and he went through the same process as One and then they made their way back to the tubes to join the welcoming party. Two went over to One, gave her a big hug and said in a gruff voice that he was excited to meet her and the others so that they could begin their new lives. They quickly released three and showered him. Troy saw to that because Four was next and it wanted to be there as she stepped out. This was the moment Troy had been waiting for, for so long. Four stepped out of the tube and Troy barged Stanley out of the way shouting.  “Beat it buster, this one's mine.” It held out its top two arms and helped Four slowly step out of the tube. She smiled at Troy and leaned forward grabbed hold of it and hugged Troy for what seemed like an eternity. Troy didn’t care that it was being covered in slime because it was Four’s slime and he very gently held her. The others looked on as the two hugged each other, wondering what the hell was going on.  

Stanley said, ”Hmm, Hmm excuse me but you both had better go and shower now, go on hurry up.” They let each other go and Troy guided Four to the shower with the sound of Stanley’s tutting serenading them in the background. 
“I can’t believe you are finally free from that prison,” Troy said, rather excitedly to Four. She just smiled back because she hadn’t found her voice yet and stepped into the shower. Troy watched her as the slime began to run off her naked body. It couldn’t believe how much nicer she was looking as her features became clearer. She was soon all clean and Troy handed her a towel to dry off. She was about 158 cm tall and with brown hair on her head which Troy had only just noticed. She started to say something with a weak voice.  “Troy you are my hero, you made my growing up such fun and I want to thank you from the bottom of my heart,” then she leaned forward and kissed Troy on the glass covering its digital face. If robots could blush now would be the time because Troy was feeling emotional, but that’s not possible for robots. It handed her the jumpsuit and slippers. She quickly dressed, and they made their way back to the still confused, others. They spent the next hour liberating the rest of the ten and soon everyone was clean, dressed and ready to meet each other on this their first day of freedom.   

Chapter 38  

“Stay still and I will wipe all that slime off of you with this towel, ”said Four to Troy with a big smile on her face. “Oh, you mean the slime you covered me with when you hugged me,” Troy replied with humorous sarcasm in its voice.   “Yep, I guess I did slime you but it was for the right reason, now keep still you old moaner,” and set to wiping down her best friend.

“Now that we are all here in the control room, is anyone hungry or thirsty?” Stanley shouted out loud to the new arrivals. One replied to its question by saying:  “I think I can speak for all ten of us and say that we are starving and pretty damn thirsty too so what’s on the menu for today?” All the others muttered in agreement with their heads nodding in unison. Stanley told Troy to fetch the container that held the coloured beans while it got some cups for the water. Troy looked at Four and whispered, “See, see how that dastardly Dalek treats me. I’m just a robotic gopher for that toasters pleasure.” 
Four replied in a faint whisper,” Don’t worry Troy, to me you are the most wonderful gopher on the planet,” and smiled.

Troy wasn’t long retrieving the container of beans for the tens first meal. It placed them on the table that Stanley had erected and laid out ten colourless plastic cups. 
“Really, after we have travelled who knows how many light years in a time scale that only the stars and planets could comprehend and you serve us coloured beans for our first meal or are they the starter?” moaned Six to Stanley, with a look that would probably scare even the most laid back of the flumbies.
“You explain why you are serving them this Troy,” said Stanley as it turned 180 degrees and said, “I’m just checking on something,” and left Troy to cope with the bunch of ravenous, angry humans. Troy told them that these beans were very popular with wildlife, in fact, that’s all they seemed to eat. It thought to itself that this wasn’t the time to divulge that they were the only things to eat, unless you counted flumbies and yells of course, but that would be gross. Troy did some quick thinking and announced to the ravenous angry diners that up to now it had found seven different colours of the beans, so “why not make a game of eating to see who can find the eighth colour, if it exists?” it told them. Of course that didn’t go down too well, but anyway they all picked up a handful of the beans and took their first bite.

“Mm-mm. These are actually pretty tasty,” said Seven, the tall blonde-haired female. The others seemed to give their approval too by nodding their heads because they were too busy munching away at the beans. Stanley who was listening from a distance realised that the near culinary riot was quashed so moved back to the forefront and told Troy to get more beans for our happy diners. Troy looked at Four, rolled its eyes and went to get more of the delicious beans. Stanley showed them where the water tap was so they could quench their thirst and help with swallowing the beans. Troy returned laden with another container of the now popular food and asked, “Has anyone found the eighth coloured ones yet?” A few of them muttered no and carried on eating. Troy asked Four if she liked the beans and she looked at them and said with a serious-looking face, “Never interrupt me while I’m eating because I become dangerous, very dangerous.” Troy looked horrified and didn’t know how to reply to her threatening remark. Four stared at Troy eye to eye and raised her right hand up in the shape of a claw and said, “Gotcha,” and laughed out loud. Troy felt a wave of relief vibrating through its entire frame and then realised that it had been fooled by Four’s sense of humour and laughed. It then said to her, “Of course you realise that this means war, don’t you?” and raised its digital eyebrows and tweaked an imaginary moustache with its right top hand, like a wicked villain from an old-fashioned black and white film.  “I would expect nothing less,” replied Four and winked. 

“Has everyone finished eating and drinking? Because I need to play you a message that has been silent for about 5,000 earth years that our creator made a few days before this mission started.” Stanley asked the now content new born humans.   

“Let’s do it,” shouted number Ten with a deep male voice. Everyone agreed because they were all interested in what this important blast from the past had to say. Stanley told the eagerly waiting audience that there are fold up seats in that storage hatch over there if wanted and looked at Troy as if to say go and open the door which it did and handed out the lightweight seats to the grateful people who were feeling tired from standing for the first time.
“Will everyone please be seated and then I will play the message?” Once they were all sat down and quiet, Stanley touched the console in front of it and a large screen rose from it. As soon as it was completely in position, Stanley touched the console again and then the screen lit up and a face appeared on it.

“Hello everyone, my name is John Thomas and by now, I have been dead for thousands of years, probably along with the rest of humanity because of our own stupidity, but I’m not going to dwell on our problems. You already know about planet Earth and its inhabitants as they incorporated this into one of your lessons.”   The professor was dressed in his usual outfit and looked tired but he carried on and said,   “I have no bloody idea where or when you are but at least you are alive somewhere, otherwise you wouldn’t be watching this old geezer waffling on about stuff you already know. Well, here is something you don’t know, the two robots are my latest design, and they were built to learn, so give them time to adjust and you will see that L1 and L2 becoming important members of the team.” 
Stanley quietly said, ”Here, Here,” but just loud enough so that it was heard by all. Troy didn’t show as much restraint as his robot twin and just shouted out.  “We love you dad,” the room erupted in laughter because of Troy’s interruption then quickly quietened down to hear the rest of John’s message. 
“You young people have been given the task of insuring that the human race survives; I have no idea whether you are lander 1 or 10 but at least one of them landed. You need to make this planet that the mothership found for you your home, and treat it as though it is precious. Please don’t make the mistakes your predecessors did here on Earth by destroying the very thing that you need to survive. Also, there will almost certainly be other life-forms that live there. Remember that they were there before you and it’s more their planet than yours. You are the aliens. Treat them with the respect they deserve and try not to eat too many of them, even better, don’t eat them at all, you have been given the information and technology on how to survive without killing the inhabitants, everything you need to survive can be grown, be better than us and don’t kill to eat. The ship's library contains the complete history of Earth, including all the technology and discoveries. If your new home contains reserves of fossil fuels DO NOT USE THEM, you have ways to access all the green energy you will ever need or want, please don’t take the lazy route.” John paused for a few moments to catch his breath. “I know that I’m probably boring you by now but I just want to say this one last thing. I believe that humans have the potential to be the greatest force for good in our galaxy and if I didn’t think that, then you wouldn’t be there now, so please use all the knowledge that we have given you to do good for your future, your children’s future and their kids too. I have faith in you. And talking of faith, there are no Gods. They don’t exist so don’t invent any, it’s just plain wrong. Well, I want to wish you all the best of luck for the future and above all be happy and enjoy life. Oh! One last thing; I’ve been waiting to say this all my life in a meaningful way.” John smiled at the camera and said, “Live long and prosper.” Not a word was spoken as they all took a few moments to process what they had just witnessed.  

“Anyone wants more nuts?” Troy shouted.  

Chapter 39  

“Everyone, please can I have your attention,” One shouted out. All the others sat down, looked in her direction and waited to see what she would say. “I think we need to decide how we are going to do things around here. I suggest that we all form a council of ten where we all get to vote on all the important matters that will decide our future and I also suggest that we elect a leader who will make the not so important decisions when needed. Otherwise we will all be spending our time discussing, instead of doing. Has anyone got anything to add?”
Eight stood up and said,” I agree with One. It is a great way to start out and then let’s see where it leads to.” He was of South American decent, pretty tall and slim looking. “Oh, and maybe I should take this opportunity to tell you what my special subject is. I have been taught all about food and how to cook and prepare it, also I have the knowledge of what is good for us to eat and what is not. The techy word is I’m a food engineer and dietician and my first job will be to analyse those nuts to see how good or bad they are for us and as they are very delicious I’m sure they will be exceedingly bad.” Then as he sat back down, the others laughed. 

One thanked Eight for his input and asked if anyone else wanted to add anything.
“I think then that we are all in agreement,” shouted out Five, the short Asian guy, and the others all nodded their approval.
“Okay, so it is settled then, we have just formed our first council. Next we need to decide who we want to be the head and what title we will give him or her. President, Prime Minister or Oh Great One,” and he smiled, the others laughed and Nine shouted out, “When I’m in charge it will definitely be Oh Great One, but when it’s someone else how about we cut out the minister part and just say Prime?” the others looked around at each other and they all seemed to like that proposal so One said, “I second that proposal and the motion is carried. As of now whoever is selected will be referred to as Prime so, for example, if we voted in Stanley it would be known as Stanley Prime.” Some of the others laughed at the thought of it.
“Well, I think I would be an excellent Prime,” said Stanley.
Troy whispered to Stanley, ”Careful what you wish for because I know where this is going.”   
“What do you mean?” asked Stanley.   
“Back on Earth they started calling the leader Prime when some rogue robots tried to conqueror it, but luckily the good robots won and saved the humans.” Troy said with a serious whisper. Stanley curtly replied, “Oh, really Troy, you have to have your memory circuits checked and wiped because that did not happen.”
 “Are you sure, are you really sure?” Troy said.

One asked the others who wanted to be included as a nominee to be voted as Prime. Two asked how long the Prime would remain in office. One replied,“That is a very good point that we the council need to decide.” She suggested, because this was all new to them, that it should be only for a short period of perhaps one month. After a few seconds, she asked the robots exactly how long a month on this planet was. Stanley told them that the new planet's cycle was like that of Earth’s so a month would be a good choice.  “So are we all agreed on one month? Everyone who agrees, please raise your right arm,” she said. All ten raised their arms in agreement.  “Motion carried,” said One.   

“Excuse me,” shouted Six, then continued when he had the attention of them all, “What if that vote wasn’t unanimous, is it majority rules or does each vote need to be unanimous?”
One replied, “Another excellent question, majority or unanimous? Please raise your right hand for the majority.” One counted the raised arms and said, “There were only seven raised arms so what the hell do we do now? We can’t carry the motion. Geez! This is going to be much harder than we thought. I suggest that we end this official meeting now and spend the rest of the day getting to know each other and familiarising ourselves with our immediate surroundings. All agreed and in this case, majority rules,” he said and laughed.  “Yes!” they all shouted out loud.
One shouted, “Hang on, just one more thing before we go, I would like to suggest something that I feel is very important, and that is, we should all grant equal rights to our friends, Stanley and Troy. Also that from now on, we address them as him or her, as they choose, because without them we wouldn’t be here and if it was up to me, I would give them full admission to the council along with all the rights that come with that position. The first part should be with immediate effect and the second part you can think about and decide at our next meeting. Please do the right thing. Okay, now let’s go see what’s here.”   

“So what’s it to be, him or her?” Four asked Troy with a big smile on her face. 
Troy replied, “Well I don’t know, we robots are gender neutral so to be called him or her is very weird, but much nicer than being referred to as IT, so this is going to be so difficult to decide.”   “How did you get the name Troy, where does it come from?” asked Four. Troy explained to Four about not being able to go into hibernation mode during most of the journey to here and that it spent most of the time going through the ship’s entertainment library watching and experiencing the films and TV series. He continued that there was one particular series that he enjoyed watching over and over, it was called Stingray and Troy Tempest was the leading male character, so when Stanley become fully activated, he had decided that he wanted them to have proper names instead of L1 and L2.  “I chose Troy and I then chose Stanley for L1 because it was kind of written on its frame,” he said.   
“So you chose a male name without thinking because it seemed right. I think you have already answered your own question, don’t you?” Four told Troy. 

By now all the others were exploring the lander and camp site to see what their immediate surroundings had to offer. One asked Stanley what the sleeping arrangements were for all of them. He replied, ”Oh! Please follow me One, and I will show you. As Stanley escorted One, it said, “Thank you for your kind words and support for Troy and me. I have decided that I would like to be referred to as HE because my given name is of male origin, so it makes sense.”  One rested her hand on Stanley’s top left shoulder and said,  “As of now you will be a male member of our group, so welcome Mr Stanley.” He couldn’t resist giving a big smile to One and said, “Thank you, and I will do my best to be a good group member. Oh, here we are at the sleeping area.”
One looked around at the empty room, which was the extended part of the lander and said,  “So, are we all sleeping on the floor then?”  He replied, “No of course not, well unless you want too, but in case you would prefer a bed here they are.”  He pointed to one of many large cupboard doors that were set in the room's wall. This one had the number one engraved into the skin. Stanley pressed a button, that was on the right side of the door, about halfway up, then the door started to tip slowly downward and as it did two legs that were hinged at the top started to fall out from the top and as the door was lowered it revealed a bed. Once the door had moved a full 90 degrees the two supporting legs touched the floor and locked into position. 
“Nice,” said One “and it even has my number above it, my own personal bed or am I getting the wrong impression here?” She asked and laughed.   Stanley replied that he hadn’t been given that information so you would have to decide the sleeping arrangements for yourselves. One laughed again and said, ” I think we will have to sleep on that one before deciding.
” Stanley looked confused but kept quiet for fear of looking stupid and said, “I should go and check on the others to see if they need any help.”  
One knew that he didn’t quite understand her humorous remark and didn’t want to embarrass him so she just replied, ” Thank you, Stanley, see you later.” 

Troy was showing Four the outside area, there wasn’t really much to see, only the bathroom area and lots of bushes but it gave him an excuse to be with her,  “And over here we have another bush and there and Oh look, over there too,” Troy said trying to be interesting.
“Okay, I get the picture. All we have are toilets and bushes, what more could a girl want?” she jokingly said. 
“But I am saving the best two things until last,” he said, confident that he would please her.   “Please stay still and look at me, what do you see?” he asked her.  
Four stood there for a moment, looking Troy up and down and said, ” Nothing I haven’t seen before,” looking a little confused,”   Troy replied, “Look at the ground. What can you see?” she shouted with an excited voice, “Wow, you have two shadows, that means we have two Suns.”   
“That’s right,” said Troy and explained that at certain times of the year they have two shadows because of the binary star system.” 
“So what’s the other surprise that you have for me? she asked.   
“Follow me and I will reveal all,” he said.  He took her to where there was a small group of yells and said,  “These are yells, they are pretty much the same as the flumbies, just a different shape,” as he pointed towards them.   
“Oh, they are lovely. Can I touch them?” she asked, but even without Troy replying she was sitting in the middle of the group touching and caressing them. “Thank you, Troy,” she said as she bonded with the loveable creatures.
“I’m really pleased that my smell sensors can be turned off because you are going to stink until you shower off all that yell droppings that you're sitting on” Troy said.
“What’s a little stink between friends, you’ll still love me, but I’m not too sure about the others though,” she said, and smiled.
Eight moved over to where Stanley was waiting and asked where the other food types are were growing because he wanted to start thinking about balanced diets and nutrition for the group. Stanley looked horrified and shouted, “What’s that One? Oh, you want me now, I’m on my way,” and as he was scampering away, he shouted to Eight, “Sorry, I have to go, but Troy is just over there. Bye.” With that Stanley shot off, like a gazelle fleeing from a starving cheetah that was in hot pursuit, leaving behind him a cloud of dust floating in the air as his wheels kicked up the soil. Troy and Four had just returned from playing with the small group of yells so Eight walked over and tried again with his question about the other plants. Troy had seen Stanley running for the hills and knew that he had passed the buck to him to explain about the food. He said, “Eew, what’s that smell?” Four knew what he was up to and played along. “Oh yes, phew, it’s really stinky,” she cried. 
Eight was pushing his nose forward towards Troy and sniffing. “Hey buster, I’m not the stinky one, it’s Four and wow does she honk,” Troy told Eight.  He moved his nose towards Four and took a big whiff, Phew it’s horrible you had better rush to the shower and clean yourself, real quick in case that nasty whiff lingers.” he suggested. 
“That’s a great idea Eight. I will do it right now, Troy can you show me the way because I can’t remember.”   
“Follow me, make way, make way, Stinky person coming through,” said Troy and they headed off towards the shower giving each other the high five and laughing. Eight just stood there glued to the spot wondering why he was finding it so difficult to have a conversation. He sniffed his armpits and thought to himself, no it’s not that and started to wander around looking for the growing area which he knew must be somewhere close by. During his search, he bumped into an unsuspecting Stanley who was hiding out of the way behind the toilet area.
“Ah Stanley, at last I have you to myself, don’t you move an inch because we need to talk,” he said in a stern voice. Stanley couldn’t think of any more excuses so decided to come clean and break the bad news to him. 
“Yes Eight, how may I help you?” he asked already knowing the question. Eight said that he had tried to ask Troy about the rest of the food supplies but unfortunately Troy and Four had had a serious hygiene problem and had to rush off, I bet they did Stanley thought to himself. “So I’m back to you for the answer to my question.” Stanley was about to tell Eight that there were no more food types when eight suddenly screamed out loud. “Ahhhh. What is it?”
Stanley looked down at where Eight was looking and saw that a flumby had wandered into their location, it was probably just curious because it had never seen a human before. Stanley thought to himself, no I can’t, can I? He said to Eight, “Whatever you do, don’t move because these vicious flumbies have a ferocious bite. I will risk being mauled by shooing it away and you run when I shout run, okay?” Eight by now was terrified and could not wait for Stanley to shout run. He just ran and left Stanley to the mercy of the flumby. Stanley laughed to himself like a vengeful villain and thought, “Nice try Troy, but this game isn’t over yet.” Eight ran back to the others and to his surprise he saw a group of them bending down and stroking one of those dangerous wild animals and realised that he had been fooled by two devious robots but for what reason.
“Stanley, Troy, please come here right now,” shouted Eight. The others looked over, wondering what all the fuss was about. Stanley heard Eight and decided that this was the time and made his way over to where all the others were now standing to find out what was going on. Troy also heard Eight and knew he was about to be busted so he too followed toward the loud voice calling them.
“I wouldn’t want to be in your shoes,” said Four as she accompanied Troy to his fate.
“Well, it’s lucky I don’t wear shoes, isn’t it,” he replied and laughed. The now, not so stinky Four took Troy’s hand, and they walked together to face the music. Stanley and Troy arrived at Eight’s side at almost the same time. Stanley whispered to Troy. ”Now look at the trouble you have caused, and you dragged me down with you,” 
Troy replied. “Are you talking to yourself again, Stanley?”   Four laughed out loud when she heard Troy’s reply and said to him.  “Game set and match.”   
“Right you two,” said Eight with all the others listening in on the conversation.  “What aren’t you telling me and enough with the games.” Stanley nudged Troy and said,  “Well, go on, tell him and no excuses this time.” Trying to make out that he wasn’t a part of this conspiracy, Troy looked at Stanley and said, “Wow, if you were a wooden little boy your nose would be one metre long by now.”  Stanley tutted a few times and said,  “Well, that’s like a yell complaining that a flumby is lazy.” Troy replied,  “Oh good one buddy,” and laughed.   

“Enough of this silliness,” shouted One, “Answer Eight’s question, now, or I will send you both to bed with no dinner,” then she started giggling along with Four and Troy was visibly shaking from an attack of laughter. Stanley just stayed there, motionless and tutted.
“Okay guys, out with it, spill the beans,” said One, and they all started giggling again like little school kids. As Stanley had no intention of breaking the bad news to Eight, Troy stepped up to the plate and said,  “It’s like this Eight, there are no other types of food growing, all you have are the nutty bean things but they do come in a variety of tasty colours,” Troy could hear a loud gasp coming from the others and then he noticed that Six was staring at a flumby with drool leaking from the sides of his mouth and said, “Remember what our creator said; no eating the animals.” Stanley piped up by telling the others that there was a supply of seeds stored with the frozen embryos so that you could grow your own crops in no time. Eight asked what they were and Stanley said to follow him into the lander, and he would supply him with the complete list and off they went. One said to Troy and Four,  “I can see that you two are going to be a real handful,” and smiled.
By now everyone was familiar with the local surroundings and they all seemed to be feeling tired after their first day in the real world. One suggested that perhaps they should all get some rest ready for the busy day ahead of them tomorrow. They all nodded their heads in agreement and moved in the direction of the sleeping area.  “If you're wondering which bed is yours, it’s the one with your name above it, at least for tonight,” said one. “I can’t wait to see what tomorrow brings,” she thought excitedly.  

 Chapter 40  

Eight was outside picking nuts long before the others had woken up because he wanted to urgently analyse some of them to see what their nutritional value was as that’s all that was on the menu, for now at least. Troy was watching him and warned him not to lick the fungus thing “because you will become hooked on it, just like the flumbies and yells.”   
“I wondered what that was; I will do a sample of them too,” he replied.   
“Stanley already has results for that, shall I get them for you,” Troy asked politely. He was trying to be extra nice to Eight because of yesterday's little misunderstanding. 
“No, thank you Troy. I will do my own test and then compare them to Stanley’s to see if we agree.” 
“Well, can I carry your nut bucket for you or help do some picking?” said Troy. But he declined Troy’s help because he was almost done.

 By now, the others had started to wake up from their first night's sleep after being released from their incubator tubes. “That was weird sleeping laying down, but after a while I got used to it and slept really well,” said Nine.   
“Me too, well except for Sixes snoring, tonight I’m wearing earplugs if we have any,” Seven complained but in a light-hearted way.
“You should listen to yourself sometime; you were making a lot of popping noises from under your cover, it was like having a siesta next to a war zone,” Six replied with a huge smile on his face.
“Okay guys that’s enough of the bedside banter, shall we all go do our bathroom stuff and then meet up for breakfast in a little while because we have lots to discuss?” said One in an authoritative manner. They followed each other outside; some made their way to the toilets and the others just looked around for a while and breathed in the outside fresh air because with all the ten sleeping in the same room it did get a bit stinky in there.
Eight had just arrived back with a large container of nuts and said,  “Good morning everyone, did you all enjoy your lay in?” The others returned the gesture by saying good morning back.   
“What’s for breakfast?” Two asked.  
“You will have to wait until I have printed out the menu cards, but I think it could include nuts,” Eight replied jokingly.   
“Oh really, poached, boiled or fried?” Three asked.   
“Wait and see,” replied Eight, and he made his way onto the lander. Troy noticed that Four was outside with the others, so he went on over to her and said, “What’s a nice gal like you doing in a place like this?”   
“There ain’t no nice gal’s in this here town cowboy, just us poor women folk,” she replied in her best western accent.   
“Frankly my dear, I don’t give a damn.” he said. He still hadn’t quite mastered when to add the old quotes he remembered.

“Is everyone ready for our breakfast meeting?” shouted One. They all nodded their heads in agreement and started to walk up the steps into the lander. Stanley was already inside helping Eight with the preparations and greeted the hungry diners with a cheerful, “Good morning” and “please help yourselves to water and nuts, there are plenty to go around.”  He was trying to be especially nice to everyone to prove that he was a helpful and important part of the group, to try to sway people's opinion for the vote about the robot’s rights. While they were eating their delicious nuts, One asked if it was okay to start the meeting and as they all seemed to give approval, she started off by welcoming them all and telling them that first on today’s list was to vote on the majority rules question. She asked this simple question. “To make council decisions, do we need a majority or does it have to be unanimous? Please raise your right arm for a majority and keep your arms down for unanimous, okay on 3, 2, 1, arms.” 
Everyone raised their arms in the air. “Simple majority is the winner by 10 to zero, so as of this moment to make decisions it only needs a majority.” Then she asked, “Now we vote on whether to make Stanley and Troy full members of the council. Do you want to have a discussion first or shall we just get on and vote?” she asked. 
Four shouted out, ”Let us just get on with it because the outcome of the result is obvious.”   
“Right, let’s just do this, all in favour of Stanley and Troy becoming full council members, raise your right arms now,” she said in a tone that agreed with Four’s sentiments. Once again, everyone’s arms were held up high.
“It’s now official, Stanley and Troy are full members of the council. Thank you all. I am so pleased with this result because it was absolutely the correct one.” she exclaimed, wearing a huge smile. Stanley was trying not to show any emotion, because that wasn’t the way robots did things, but everyone could sense his joy. Troy was being hugged by Four as he spun around and around showing his happiness. It was fortunate that Four was clinging to him tightly because she would have gone shooting off into the wall. Once the congratulations had died down, One shouted out, “Okay, settle down, it’s now time for the penultimate vote for today and it’s the one where we vote in our supreme leader of the month who will be known as Prime. So first of all, who wants to be Prime?”   
Three shouted out, “I think we are all in agreement that you should be our first Prime, because you’ve been doing it already and doing it well, so let’s just make it official.”  
One said to the others that if they were sure that I’m the person for the job, then she was happy to be elected. She looked around the room. Everyone seemed to be in full agreement so she asked the question.  “All those who want to elect me as the first Prime, please raise your right arms now.”
Of course, all the humans raised their arms, but Stanley and Troy didn’t. A smiling One asked the robots with a stern look on her face. Why didn’t you guys vote for me?”   
Troy replied, ”You mean that we can actually vote, really?”   
“Yes, of course you can, you have the same rights as humans, so let’s do the vote one more time with all twelve of us. Hands up now.” They all voted yes and One was now the first ever Prime.   “Thank you for putting your trust in me. I hope I can return the favour by being a good leader. That just about wraps things up but I would like to say a few important things.” She looked around the room and said,  “Now that I am supreme ruler you should all be down on your knees, when I’m in proximity.”  They all laughed out loud, except for Stanley, who was actually leaning over. He had just realised that Prime One was joking, so he tried to hide his naivety by saying,   “I dropped a nut on the floor; therefore, I’m looking, can anyone see it?”   
Troy shouted out,” The only thing you dropped was your dignity.” The room erupted with the sound of laughter. Stanley tutted in Troy’s direction, but the laughter drowned it out. Prime shouted, “Okay, okay, let’s get back to business. The first thing I want to tell you is that I found out this morning that each of the 1,000 eggs has a file waiting to be viewed at by us once we are born. They number ours 1 to ten and whichever tube you were in is your file number. In the file is a message from your biological parents who died 1000s of years ago. If you want to view your file arrange it with Stanley or Troy and remember it’s not compulsory, it’s your choice. The second thing which I would like to do, as quick as possible is give our new home planet a name, so start thinking of names and then we will make a list and vote on it. Now to the most important question for today. As you are all aware all we have to eat at the moment is those nut things. Eight have you analysed them yet?”   
“Yes, I have One, I mean Prime, all the data agrees with Stanley’s results. They are nutritionally fine for us and we could easily survive just by eating them. The fungus thing that grows by each bush is highly addictive with no benefits other than getting us as high as a kite, so we should refrain from touching those until I can do more research.” Prime thanked Eight and told the others that until further notice the fungus was off limits. She went on to say that Seven would make the growing program her priority. “So that brings me to that important question I need to ask you all. Humans have been carnivores throughout their existence and our ancestors killed animals for food. Do we want to follow that path or do we do as the Professor asked of us by taking humanity to the next level? We have frozen embryos of chickens, pigs, cows, goats and horses that we could grow and start off an animal farm to become food. Have a chat with each other and we will vote in a while.”  Troy looked horrified that the subject was even being discussed, he said to Four,  “You're not seriously going to eat our flumbies and yells are you?”   
“I hope not, but it’s not up to me, all we can do is vote no and hope the majority of the others do the same. Troy moved over to Stanley and asked him how he would vote.   
“Of course my vote will be no. I can’t possibly imagine them being killed and then eaten, but it’s up to the majority.” 
One shouted out,  “Back to business guys, let’s do this vote now. All of you that want to be carnivores like our barbaric ancestors that killed innocent animals to nourish their lust for eating flesh please raise your right arms and those of you wishing to let all animals live without us murdering them keep your arms down. I will give you a little more time to think and then I will say 1,2,3, up, then you vote.”   

Two shouted out,” I wonder which way Prime One will vote,” and laughed.   

Ten replied sarcastically,  “Hmmm, I’m not sure which way she will go, but it’s going to be a close thing.” Judging by the humour in the room it was obvious which way the vote would go but it had to be made official. Prime One shouted out, ”3,2,1, up.” They all made their choice. It was no surprise that no one raised their hand and Prime One said, “Phew thank you all for making what I believe to be the right decision, this way may be the harder way, but it is the right way.” Troy was so pleased that the humans had made that choice because it would have broken him to see his flumby and yell friends being killed and eaten. Stanley reminded Prime One about the updated wrist devices. She thanked him and said to the others, “One very last important thing guys, we have these wrist devices for each of us, that you should wear at all times. They have had the date and time updated to match our planet. They also have built in two-way communications that has a range of up to 20 kilometres, a tracker so no one can get lost, built in video camera and it also measures a limited number of your body’s vital signs, that is automatically updating the on-board medical computer. I’m also told it can predict the future and make a great Pina Colada. Well, I did make up the last two functions, but it’s still a pretty handy device to wear. Could everyone please see Stanley, sometime this morning, to receive theirs, no exceptions. Troy asked Prime if that meant them too because they already have those functions built in.   Prime responded.” Please forgive me, Troy. I already forget that you two are a little different to us humans. It’s because you are both fitting in so well as part of the team and I just think of you as one of us.” she smiled, then said, “That was the long winded version of saying no.” Everyone laughed and then went about their business, on this, their first full day on their new home.     

Chapter 41  

Later that day Prime asked Stanley if everyone, who needed them had their bracelets on and whether they all knew how to use them. Stanley affirmed that they were all functioning properly.   “Good, well done Stanley. Could you show me how the information that is sent from the bracelets is processed?” she asked.   
“It would be my pleasure Prime One, please come this way.” Stanley explained how everyone’s movements could be tracked if necessary and that both he and Troy had built in locators to find anyone if needed, including each other.
 “That’s great, so the function is there for emergencies. What about the medical sensors, have they been tested by Four?”asked Prime.
“Yes Prime, they are all in perfect synchronization with the medical computer, may I show you?”   “I will take your word for it and maybe have a look later when I have more time. Have the communications devises been checked, please show me how that works.”   Stanley showed her on her own bracelet how to contact any of the others by simply clicking a few buttons or how she could contact everyone, all at once if needed.   
“Well I’m going to test it out on someone” she said, and made the call.  “Hello, this is alien invader Four speaking, how may I help you?”      
Prime laughed and said, “Hi Four, this is your illustrious leader speaking, I’m testing my bracelet out on you and it seems to be working fine. See you later, oh and say hi to Troy for me. I’m sure he is not far from you.”    
“I don’t know what you mean Prime, I’m sure he’s not here, ”said Four, and shouted out loud in a humorous voice, “Troy where are you?”   

“You know where I am, is this a new game we are playing? he said.   

“Thanks Troy, you just grassed me up to the leader, now I’m in for it,” she laughed.   

Prime replied in a cheerful voice, ”Don’t worry I will forgive you this once, but next time you’ll both be clearing up flumby droppings for a week. Prime out.” 
Troy asked Four if she was going to open her file or not. Four wasn’t really sure, and she told Troy that her mind was split. “Why?” he asked.  “Not knowing who my biological parents were is fine because what you don’t know won’t hurt you, but if I do see the video they made for me, then I will probably wonder about them for the rest of my life and I’m not sure if that’s a good idea. What do you think I should do?” she asked. 
“I can only tell you how I felt when I saw my creator, no, my dad, on the screen. It made me feel like I came from somewhere good, not just from an assembly line. Seeing and hearing him gave me a sense of belonging and purpose and I now have the urge to make him proud of me, although I do understand that he is long dead and can’t possibly know of my achievements, but I will and that matters to me.”
Four stayed quiet for a few seconds then said, “You really are special Troy, you always know the right thing to say. Okay I’m going to meet my parents, let’s go before I change my mind.”   
“I’m right behind you,” he said excitedly. They arrived back at the camp and Troy showed Four where the private screen and ear plugs were located. Troy touched the screen a few times then  said, “When you are ready, press here. I will be outside waiting for you if you need me.”   
“Thank you, Troy,” she said as he moved away to give her some privacy. “Ok, here goes,” she said to herself, full of trepidation and started the message. 
The screen counted down five, four all the way to one and then two faces appeared.

“Hello my daughter,” said a distinguished looking man with dark combed back hair and a carefully manicured moustache, I’m your father Fernando and sitting next to me is your mother Ingred. We are only allowed a few minutes so we will have to be quick.” Four’s mother spoke and said, “Hola mi corazon, I wish I could give you a big hug but that’s impossible.” She looked like an older version of Four, with beautiful, dark hair and big brown eyes that sparkled as if they were sprinkled with diamond dust. It was her father’s turn to speak, “We know that you are many light years away and we are long gone but please always remember that we will think about you every day since that rocked ship started its journey and wish you well on your new planet.”   Ingrid spoke next, ”We were asked if we had a name for you and we decided that we would call you Kaina, so if you like that name, we would be honoured if you would take it, it’s your choice, my love.”
Fernando cut in, “The ten second countdown is starting, so have a very happy life my daughter.”   Ingred quickly said, “We love you,” as the number changed to one and then the screen went dark.  Four sat there, staring at the blank screen, not knowing whether to be happy or sad, but she had seen her parents and for that she was overjoyed. But there was now an emptiness inside her that wasn’t there before which should be filled with loving memories of picnics at the beach or rides on the merry go round. Instead that place was just a dark, empty place devoid of feelings, love and wonderful memories. She walked outside and Troy was waiting at the end of the ramp peering inside, checking to see if she was okay. Troy could see that Four was looking sad so he put his arms around her and gave her a big hug.
“Hey, don’t squeeze so hard or my eyes will pop out,” she cried. Troy released his grip, just a little. “That’s better, thank you Troy.”   
“So, tell me, what happened,” Troy asked inquisitively.   
“It was weird seeing my parents, but I’m glad I did and they have even picked out a name for me, if I want one, that is.” Troy eagerly replied. “Well come on, tell me,”   
“They called me Troy,” said Four.  
“What!” Troy screamed waving his arms about. “No way buster, there is only one Troy and I’m it,” he yelled and thought to himself, hmmm that reminds me of a film I watched.”
 “Of course silly, I’m just teasing you,” laughed Four. “The real name they gave me was Kaina, what do you think?”  
“So long as it’s not Troy, I like it,” he said with a smile and continued. “I think it’s a good name and to be honest, a big improvement on Four.”   
 “So, should I?” she asked. 
 “Yes, Yes, Yes Kaina is perfect!” said Troy   
“Very well, that’s settled then. My name from now on is Kaina and if all the others do the same, we will all have to wear name badges,” she said.  

“ Oh yes, I keep forgetting that you humans have feeble brains and can’t remember shit,” said Troy, and laughed out loud. 

Later that day, they were all enjoying a healthy portion of nutty beans. Eight had tried an experiment and boiled some of them and carefully placed them on a plate in pretty patterns to see if that enhanced their dining experience. They all seemed to agree that uncooked was best because boiling them made them soft and slimy. One was looking around and said, “Why do we have an empty chair? Who’s missing?” they all turned their heads to see who it was. 
“It’s Ten,” said Five, who was now known as Johnathon since viewing his file. 

 “Where is he said Prime, this is very weird? Who saw him last?” No one could remember seeing him since breakfast time. Prime One tried calling Ten with the wrist device but there was no reply.   “Okay, I’m getting worried now. Stanley let’s test out that tracking device, now.” 
They both went to the computer console and Stanley pulled up the screen that located all the bracelets and showed her where they were. “Let me see, there’s One to nine, they show here and here are Troy and me, but no Ten, how curious.” Prime was looking anxious and said,  “So why isn’t his bracelet showing up on the screen?”   
“Perhaps he is out of range,” shouted Six. 
“Or maybe it malfunctioned.” said Two.   
“I know it could be for many reasons, but I hate this not knowing” Prime said.  
Troy spoke up, ”Shall we form a posse and go search for him?” Prime looked at her wrist and said,  “Well we have about three hours light left, so everyone split up into pairs and then pick a direction different to any other pair, then search outbound for no more than one hour, then return. I don’t want to lose anyone else today.” 
They all paired up, Troy and Kaina went together, of course. Stanley went with Eight because he was still trying to get into his good books. Prime joined Two, Three and Five teamed up and Nine paired with Six. Seven stayed in the lander in case Ten came back then she would call everyone to come home. “Has anyone found him yet?” asked Prime, via her bracelet. The others all replied no. Troy and Kaina went in the stream's direction. When they arrived, they stopped and looked around but Ten was nowhere to be seen. “Would he have crossed the stream?” said Kaina.   
“Maybe but I can’t think why he would, well not without telling someone first.” Troy replied.   
“I think you’re right Troy, maybe we should follow the stream for a while,” said Kaina.
 They moved on upstream, with Troy being extra careful not to squash any of the wildlife; up ahead were some rocks with what looked like blood on one of them. “Do you see that up ahead, Troy?”   
“I’m zooming in on it right now.” he replied.   
“Show off!” joked Kaina.
They moved closer to the rocks and clearly there was what seemed to be a large bloodstain on one of them. “Could he have fallen over, hit his head and wandered or crawled away in a daze,” suggested Kaina.
“Could be, we had better call the others to tell them what we have found so they can all come over here and help.” said Troy. Soon everyone was in the vicinity of the bloodstained rock, searching for Ten. “Okay guys what are you seeing? I need updates now,” Prime said to everyone. They all reported back empty-handed. “Damn this is weird,” she thought and was clearly upset. Troy remembered what happened to the yell he squashed and told Prime about it.
 “What? The body just disappeared?” she asked.   
“Yes, there one second, then gone the next,” replied Troy.   
“Could it have been a bird, a very large bird that took the body?” Prime guessed.   
“Nope, we would have seen and heard it and anyway there are no birds. It just disappeared as though the ground opened up and swallowed it, including the bloodstains and popped out body parts,” answered Troy.   
“Eww!, Do you have to be so graphic?” said Kaina. 

They kept on searching for as long as the light would allow them then Prime called them all in, as it was becoming dark.  “We will continue at first light,” she told them, now let’s all go back home and get some sleep ready for tomorrow’s search, but before we go I would like a sample of blood from that rock to analyse and see if it is in fact human.” She kneeled down on the ground and leaned forward to scrape some of the dried blood, then realised that she had nothing to put the sample into. “Stanley, do you or Troy have anything that could be used to contain some of this dried sample?” she asked.  

Yes, you can put it into this,” said Stanley and handed her a small draw that popped out from his lower half. She thanked him and held the draw in her left hand, holding it just below the spot where she was about to scrape and then scraped the stain with the thumbnail of her right hand until there was enough to use for the test. “There, that’s it all done, it’s not the most professional way to do forensic work, but it will good enough in this instance.” My biology lessons came in really handy for this job, she thought. “Okay, let’s go back home because I have to test this sample,” she shouted to everyone and off they went, but still keeping an eye out for signs of Ten on their return.      

Chapter 42  

Everyone had settled down for the night except for One, who was busy analysing the blood sample with help from the two robots, who don’t sleep, they just power down to give the impression that they are sleeping because they feel that it puts the humans at ease, it also keeps the noise down too. “Well boys, I think the results are in now, do you want to come check with me?” she whispered.  Troy gave her the thumbs up sign and both bots followed her to the medical computer. “It’s confirmed then, that blood is human, so we have to assume it is Ten’s. I was hoping that maybe it was the blood of a flumby or yell which was a big ask because I don’t even know what colour their blood is.”   
“You should ask Troy what colour the yell’s blood is. He has first-hand experience,” Stanley said, like a little schoolboy telling tales to the teacher.   
“Yes, I heard about that unfortunate accident but shit happens,” Prime replied.   
Troy whispered that yell’s blood is red like humans and it is very messy. Prime asked Troy about the missing body again, ”Are you sure that no other creature took the body of that dead yell.”   
“ As sure as I can be and, in any case, if some invisible creature did somehow take it, how did it clean up the mess?”   
“That’s what is bothering me. I feel that there is more to this than meets the eye. I will ask Six and Nine for their opinion on this. I think that with their combined training they might be able to unravel this mystery,” Prime said. Troy replied, “Oooh! I love mysteries; come on Stanley the game is afoot.” Stanley just looked at Troy and did his usual tutting. Prime managed a small smile and said,  “I think someone’s been watching too many Sherlock Holmes films, although he would be very handy right now.” She knew of that fictional character from one of her lessons.
“Right! Before I go to sleep, I will use this quiet time to view the message that was made for me, so will you guys give me a little me time, please?” Stanley and Troy went down the ramp and waited outside in the dark to give her some privacy. She located her file and began to play it. A familiar face appeared on the screen, it was Professor Thomas and an unfamiliar woman.
“Am I the daughter of John Thomas?” she thought.
“Hello, my dear, I’m sorry we can’t be there to meet you in person, so I guess this will have to do. I hope that you have landed on a hospitable planet and life is good. You know that, by now, life on earth has probably ceased because of our stupidity, so your survival is paramount. Here is your mother Daisy.”   
“Hello Karina, that’s the name we chose for you. I know that you will do great things and have a wonderful life wherever you are. Take care and we love you.”
The short video ended and Prime was very surprised to find out she was the daughter of the man responsible for their existence. She wondered if she should reveal it to the others or just keep quiet. Oh what the hell, she thought, they are my parents and I’m proud to let it be known. She walked down the ramp and then over to where Stanley and Troy were arguing about something or other. They both shut up when she approached. She looked at them both and said,  “Please give me your hands to hold because I have an announcement to make that may come as a bit of a shock to you both,” and smiled.  Troy said, ”Which hand would you like because I have four?”   
“It doesn’t matter Troy, whichever you feel more comfortable with me holding.” Prime moved in between them and held hands. “Okay, are you ready for this?” she asked. They both said yes excitedly, not really knowing what to expect. Troy shouted out.” I know, you're pregnant!”
Prime told him to be quiet and listen.  “And no I’m not pregnant thank you Troy, I want you guys to be the first to know that we three have the same father, so we are kinda like brothers and sister. What do you think about that?” Stanley pointed out that it was impossible for us to be related because we are machines and you are biological. Troy said, “Hey numb nuts, what she is saying is that her father is the professor, you know the one that created us, John Thomas.”   
 “Oh, I see. Well I knew that; I was just demonstrating that we couldn’t be real siblings,” he said to hide the fact that he was slow on the pickup. “Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Troy said.   
“So, what do you guys think then, isn’t it great?” Prime asked.   
Troy replied with a joyful sound to his voice, ”That’s great news Sis, especially as you are the prime. You know friends in high places and all that.”   
“Oh stop it, Troy. Do you really think that an upstanding Prime would treat us differently from the others just because we have the same father?” Stanley moaned.   
“You better believe it bruv,” Troy replied with his excruciating British accent. Prime told the two to stop bickering and reminded them she was Prime for all of us, without biases towards anyone, but that they would get to hear her given name first though.   
“ It’s Karina and I think it is nice, so I’m going to use it. What do you guys think?” she asked. 
They both told her how nice it was and we will now refer her to as Prime Karina.
“Okay brothers, I’m going to get a few hours’ sleep. See you both in the morning.” She waved goodnight and headed towards the sleeping area. “Good night, Prime Karina,” said Stanley.   
“Later Sis,” Troy whispered, and they powered down for the remainder of the night too.   

Chapter 43  

There was a sense of uneasiness coming from the members of the camp because it had now been six days since the disappearance of Ten. Karina hated the fact that he hadn’t been found, dead or alive. At least if there was a body they could perhaps deduce what might have happened, but without it any number of outcomes could be responsible for his disappearance and what was even more worrying is that Ten is the one who’s special talent was the art of self-defence and fitness, so he was the last person who should be missing. “I have to solve this mystery and quickly,” she thought.

She asked Stanley for the topography file that Troy had made.
“Who did the analysis of this file?” she asked Stanley. He told her that it was him and that it covered a six kilometre radius of the camp. She inspected the file to see if there might be any clues about Ten. “You said that you inspected a radius of six kilometres, but this actually covers seven. Did you analyse the extra one?” she asked.
Stanley replied that he only checked the Six because that was the directive.  “Please do me the favour of checking the extra part, maybe it will show something strange, you never know and give me the result as soon as you are done.” She left Stanley analysing the data and looked for Six and Nine, who were still racking their brains together to try to resolve the missing body mystery.
She found them searching through the landers data base for inspiration.  “Any new ideas about the disappearance of Ten and the dead yell?” she asked Six, leaving Nine to carry on uninterrupted. Six was the scientist of the team whose parents lived in Eastern Europe. He was 176 cm tall and quite thin but fit looking and extremely intelligent, that’s why Prime chose him for this important job along with Nine, now known as Debbie, since viewing her message. This western European girl was average height and a little on the plump side, probably from eating way too many nutty beans. Her special training was everything about nature and wildlife, so if these two couldn’t solve the mystery, then who could?

“Well Prime, we have a theory, more of a gut feeling really and this is it. Prime, what is or was the largest single living organism on the planet Earth?” She thought for a few seconds while trying to recall some of those biology lessons. “I don’t really know, perhaps a whale. No wait, I have it, is it one of those huge trees?” she answered with much doubt in her voice. Nine quickly put her out of her misery. “That was a pretty good guess because trees are the largest living colonies, but wrong in this case. The answer is a fungus that grows mostly underground for as much as ten square kilometres. It decimates the tree population leaving the land baron. It has mushroom type growths that grow above ground all over the area. Sounding familiar yet?” Nine asked.
“Really, you guys think that we are living on a giant mushroom? So what has that got to do with missing bodies?” she asked with a large amount of scepticism in her voice.
“Wait, there is more, not only do we think that, but also we feel that this organism is thousands or even hundreds of thousands of years old. That’s why there are no trees or plants except the nutty bushes. We believe that is because the giant organism and the bushes have, over thousands of years, formed a symbiotic relationship that has completely taken over by killing off all other plant life. Or perhaps there has never been any other plants, only fossils will answer that mystery.”  Prime asked the same question yet again, “So, the missing bodies?”   
“Okay, this is where it gets really weird. We think that there is a three-way symbiosis going on here on this planet. Well in our area, at least. The food chain goes like this, the fungus grows underground and allows only the nutty bushes to survive, enabling them to spread out unfettered. The flumbies and yells live on a diet of nutty beans and the juice from the fungus type organism that grows by each bush. The juice that the creatures love so much is an amazing cocktail of drugs with ingredients that we don’t yet understand. But we think it controls the animals by making them addicted to it, and somehow it encourages them to reproduce at an amazing rate and constantly eat to gain weight. Then they are programmed to die when their reproduction cycle begins to decline.” Prime stopped her there and asked again, “Hello, what has this got to do with the dead bodies?”   I was just getting there. The last part of the food chain is the animals. They live amazing, simple lives without predators. I would guess they are all in good health because of the cocktail of drugs from the fungus. Then when it’s their time to die, we think they become fungus food. We need to prove this by observation. Once deceased, the fungus somehow detects the carcass and manages to drag them underground to feed off, which is how the fungus survives. It’s brilliant. If you compare this to the creatures on Earth that were all food for some predator or other and probably being eaten alive in unbelievable pain, this way of life seems tranquil and fair.” Prime gathered her thoughts for a while and said, “Wow, that is amazing, can you prove this hypothesis?”   
Six replied, “We have two options. One is to kill an animal and see what happens, but I’m not the killing kind. The second is to watch and wait for one to die naturally, which probably happens very often or these animals would infest the land.” Prime quickly concurred with six’s views.
“Option two it is, you guys go and set up your observation post and please have recorders ready to capture this event, if it’s real.” 

They both went about their business excited as to whether their gut feeling was indeed correct. Prime Karina’s mind was still trying to comprehend the simplicity of life on their new world and what the implications would be for them. “Are we going to end up as fungus food,” she thought. Just then, Stanley called out to her from the computer station.   
“Prime, I have the results you asked for.”   
“Thank you, Stanley,” then she made her way over to him, still deep in thought.
“So what have you got for me?” she asked.   
“It would appear that your shot in the dark has hit its target,” he told her. 
“Well, spill the beans, no on second thoughts just tell me the results,” she said, because she had a vision of Stanley going over to the nearby container of beans and throwing them on the floor. It’s really been one of those days she thought. Stanley showed her a small dot on the screen, just outside the six kilometre area, which is why he never noticed it.
“So, what’s so special about this dot?” she asked.
Stanley enlarged the dot to the maximum, without blurring the detail.
“WHAT, is that what I think it is?”  
“I do believe so,” replied Stanley.   
“What a day I’m having, firstly I’m told that we could be living on a giant flesh-eating mushroom and now I find out that we could be sharing it with bloody aliens, what else can happen today. I wonder if this discovery has anything to do with Ten’s disappearance.” she thought.
The screen revealed what looked like some kind of small spacecraft, about five metres long, two metres wide and three metres in height and it looked as though a door was open.
“We had better investigate this right away because we need an answer. Stanley, I want you, Six and Two to go and investigate, and you had better arm Two and Six with knives, just in case. Oh, and please tell Debbie that she can take Troy and Four, oops I mean Kaina to help her with her task.”  Stanley rounded up Two and Six, explained the situation and they were on their way in no time for the six or seven kilometre trek, fully expecting to sleep rough that night along with the yells and flumbies.   
 
Chapter 44  

Troy, Kaina and Debbie had made their way to the stream where the largest group of Flumbies hung out in the area. They were there to observe and record what happens to one of them when it dies a natural death. They made themselves as comfortable as possible for this unusual task of watching out for death. Troy said to the others, in a serious voice, “What happens when you die?” 
The girls looked at each other and Debbie nodded to Kaina, indicating that she answer Troy’s question. 
“That’s a great question Troy, it is one that has been asked by humans since we lived in caves and I bet you are the first non-human that has asked. The simple truth is that we don’t really know because to know you have to be dead. Some humans believe that we have something called a soul and when you die it leaves the body and goes to a place called heaven.”
Troy interrupted her sounding confused, “But why does the bottom of the feet leave the body and how?” the girls laughed.
Kaina said, “I’m sorry I have confused you. Yes, the bottoms of feet are called souls, but it is thought, by some people that we have another soul and that’s the one I’m talking about. They think we all have one inside us, a spirit that contains our very being and thoughts. That our bodies are just vessels that contain the soul while we are on Earth and when that body dies the soul goes to an eternal place called Heaven. Personally I think it’s nonsense and what really happens when we die is we simply cease to be any more. What’s your opinion Debbie?”   
“Oh, I’m definitely with you on that one, but it’s interesting to find out what the other guys thoughts are? We should ask them all because Troy’s question has made me curious.”   
“My thoughts include all life-forms and that is, we borrow some stardust and energy, for a limited period of time and then we return them back to the Universe from where they came,” said Troy.   Both girls looked amazed because Troy’s take on life was so profound. Kaina said, “Troy, you never cease to amaze me with your wisdom. Okay let’s all play a game of, who can spot the dying Flumby and the winner gets to record it.” They all laughed but in an awkward way.    

Chapter 45  

Stanley, Six and Two were on their way to find the strange craft that was found in the topography data. Their journey had become quite monotonous because everywhere looked the same. The only things that they had seen were nutty bushes, flumbies and yells. The further they travelled the more they realised that these two types of animals were everywhere in enormous numbers just doing what they do and taking very little notice of the travellers passing by. Six asked Two if he had viewed his message file.  “Yes, and it was nice to see my parents, if only for a few minutes and before you ask, the name they gave me was Theo. I’m still deciding if I should use it or not. Have you seen yours?”   
“Nope, and I’m not going to, I don’t want to look at the past, I’m only moving ahead. I’m sticking with Six as my name.”
Two commented that it was his choice and everyone should respect that. Stanley couldn’t resist joining in the conversation by saying.  “I’m happy that I have seen my creator and I much prefer being addressed as Stanley and not L1.”   
Two said, ”Good for you Stanley. Maybe I should be more like you and be known by my parent's name. In fact I have decided, I am now Theo.”

Both Stanley and Six congratulated Theo on his decision. After a while Stanley told the others that their destination was just up ahead, about 500 metres, so they should all be quiet now and vigilant because they had no way of knowing what to expect. They stopped so that Stanley could zoom in on the location. He looked around for a few seconds and told the others all he could see was the space landing craft, with the open door and nothing else, except bushes and flumbies. Six asked, “I’m curious why you are referring to the vehicle as a spacecraft, surely logic would suggest that it is more likely to be a terrestrial craft from a race of beings that live on this planet, somewhere.” 
Stanley looked surprised because Six’s views did make a lot more sense and it annoyed him that he hadn’t thought of that first. What shame to be beaten by a human, he thought and tutted to himself.
“Yes, of course you are correct Six, I had already thought of that but I didn’t want to contradict Primes conclusion.” 
Theo sarcastically said, “Yes, of course you did, we knew that,” and laughed. Stanley still hadn’t come to terms with the concept that no one is perfect and you can’t be right all the time. He thought it was his duty as a representative of the artificial intelligence world and that he had to show that he was always superior to the inferior humans and in many ways he was.
Six asked if they should split up to cover a wider area. Theo, who was trained in survival techniques, suggested that they should all stay together at this time because of the unknown and there was safety in numbers. They stayed together, moving slowly along and being as quiet as possible. The only thing they could hear was the quiet chewing of a group of flumbies that had settled there. “Do you see anything yet?” Theo asked Stanley.   
“I see the same thing as before, a craft with the door open.”   
Two thought to himself, ”Ask a stupid question…”
They were now only a few metres from the craft and there were still no signs of life, aliens or beings of this world. The three began to relax their guard a bit and moved to within touching distance of the strange, white-coloured ship. It resembled an old-fashioned Earth vehicle called a van, it even had windows. The open door was fully raised up in the air. They eased on over to the door, square on. Both Theo and Six gasped because they could clearly see the shape of a lifeless humanoid, leaning forward with its head stuck to the instrument panel, only revealing its back. Stanley carefully slowed down his forward momentum, allowing the inquisitive humans to take the lead. “Is it dead?” whispered Theo?”   
“I don’t know, but it is not moving and I think I see dried blood near its head.” said Six.

Theo suggested that Stanley move in closer to see if the being was alive or dead, because of possible infection. Stanley couldn’t fault Six’s logic and reluctantly moved right up to the open door and timidly poked the lifeless body with its top right hand. The force of Stanley’s gentle poke was just enough to vibrate the body causing the neck to disintegrate allowing the now severed head to roll off the instrument panel and crash to the floor. Stanley screamed from the shock and quickly rolled back away from the door, nearly running over Theo’s feet in the process. Both Six and Theo let out a nervous, “WOW”.  
Six said,” Well, I think this body is very dead indeed.”   
Theo added, ”Yep if it looks as though the fungus has missed a superb meal here,” and laughed.   Stanley, now more composed after the shock said, ”I would suggest, judging by the decomposition of the body, that the creature was killed when the craft landed and has been dead for many, many months.”   
“You think so, thanks for stating the obvious Stanley, but what’s more important, if you hadn’t noticed, this is a two-seater craft, so where is the other guy?” Six asked.
Theo said that it was probably injured too, had crawled out and became fungus food. Six agreed that it was possible, “But what if it survived, where is it now and is it dangerous?” he added. 
Stanley decided that they should report their finding to Prime and used his inbuilt communications device to contact her directly. He informed her of the situation and she told him that they should stay there and search for signs of the missing humanoid. We need to know if there is another life form lurking around our vicinity. The three decided to do a sweep of the area to look for clues for the missing creature. Theo asked the others, “How do we know there was another one? Maybe this guy was flying alone and the second one is a figment of our imagination.”

Both Six and Stanley had to agree with Theo, but they decided that they should continue as though there were two. They moved apart, about 50 metres between each other and began looking for signs of the missing humanoid.  

Chapter 46   

Troy and his two female companions were still waiting for death to strike a poor unfortunate flumby, so that they could record what happens after. Debbie asked the other two their views about their ancestors back on Earth. Kaina explained that she hadn’t thought about them because she was so focused on surviving here, but there would be time for judging them later. 
Troy said, “I have interacted with most of Earth’s history that is recorded in the library and I have to tell you that humans must be the most selfish, barbaric race of beings that have ever existed with clearly no respect for themselves, their planet or it’s other inhabitants and if they did manage to survive, I hope that they realised their errors and changed their ways, but I doubt it because they had many, many opportunities to do that in the past. I think that once Earth recovered, it would be better for the planet if humans were not around.”   
Kaina said, “Please don’t skirt around the issue, just say what you really think,” and laughed.   Debbie added, “Well he has a point, don’t you think? It makes you wonder if we should be let loose here, who knows what damage our descendants will do in the future, if we survive.”   
“Sorry to hold up the ‘we hate humans society’, but I think a flumby is about to reveal its post death secret to us. Troy please point your recorder at that group to our right.”   
“Which is the one that died?” he asked.   
“Oh I don’t know, maybe it’s the one that’s not breathing and with its legs pointing up in the air,” Kaina said sarcastically. Troy started recording the event. At first nothing happened, the other flumbies just carried on chewing, business as usual. But as soon as they realized that one of their group was lifeless, they all slowly started to move away from the corpse, as if they knew something was about to happen. Luckily for them, whatever was going to take place was taking its time because if the flumbies were fleeing a burning building they would all be roasted by now.
“So, what now,” asked Debbie.   
“Stop being so impatient, where’s your sense of the dramatic,” Kaina replied.
Just then the ground around the dead body started to vibrate. “Are you getting this Troy? Kaina asked. 
“Does a fish swim?” The girls just looked at each other and made faces. The ground around the body was now vibrating so hard that the sand was starting to part and then several tentacles reached out from the ground. They wrapped themselves around the dead flumby, pulling it down into the sand. Within a few seconds the body had disappeared and the sand was left flat as though nothing had happened.
“Well Troy, that explains the case of the missing dead yell,” said Kaina.   
Debbie added,  “And, at least we won't have to worry about digging graves, when it’s our time because it appears we’re all destined to be fungus food.”   
“Not me baby, unless it has a can opener.” Troy quipped and they all laughed.
Now that they had the answer to what they came for, they made their way back to camp to report to Prime.
“Bloody hell, so now we know what happened to Ten.” Karina shouted as she was watching the play back of Troy’s recording. I guess the fungus creature somehow senses that there is a dead body. That explains why the delay and then it just pulls it underground and consumes it. What an amazing life cycle these creatures have. All of them live happy, comfortable lives and there is no rivalry, hunger or killing. I wonder what Charles Darwin would have made of this place?”  

Chapter 47   

They had now searched, for what seemed like hours, for signs of the missing humanoid.
“Okay, I’m calling it now. We’ve looked all over and still no signs, so I think it’s time to stop as it’s getting dark now, we should think about eating and then settling down for the night,” said Six.
Theo agreed and started to unfold his blanket.  Six did his too and they crashed to the ground and fell asleep almost immediately because they had over done it that day.  Food was the last thing on their minds. Stanley stood over the tired humans with a feeling of superiority, because he didn’t need sleep but was pleased to give his batteries a rest until they started charging again from the light beaming down from the morning suns.
Six was woken, as the sun began to rise, by an inquisitive yell that had climbed onto his chest. “Oh, good morning to you Mr Yell,” Six said. He gently moved his left hand onto the tranquil creature, to see what would happen. It didn’t seem to mind because it stayed there so he started to caress it as though it was a pet cat. It probably didn’t like all that attention because it slowly made its way off of his chest and climbed down onto the ground. Then at a snail’s pace it crawled towards a nutty bush to start the days feeding. All that weight on Six’s tummy had made him feel as though he needed to go off on his own for some privacy so he could relieve himself. “I’m going for a walk,” he whispered to Stanley, who was now fully active.
“Would you like some company?” Stanley asked.
“Not for what I’m going to be doing.”  
“Oh I understand Six, you’re going to be making droppings and you want to be alone.”   
“You got the picture Stanley, I’m a little sensitive when it comes to doing things like that,” Six replied, and wandered off towards a rocky outcrop a short distance away.
“Why do humans have to be so secretive about their bodily functions, they should be more like the yells and flumbies,” Stanley thought to himself. The conversation had woken Theo from his deep slumber and he stretched his arms and legs then said,“Good morning Stanley, how are you on this fine morning?”   
“I’m the same as every morning, why, do I look as though I am damaged?” he asked with a puzzled tone to his voice.   
“No Stanley, when someone asks you a question like the one I just did, it’s just a way of being polite, then you reply. I’m very well, thank you for asking. Do you get it now?”   
“Yes I understand now, I’m very well, thank you for asking,” he said, but he thought to himself what a pointless conversation that was. “I truly hope that the rest of the day’s exchanges are far more constructive than this morning’s pleasantries.”
Theo got up, stretched his arms and legs again, then shook his blanket quite vigorously to remove all the sand and possible animal droppings.  He asked Stanley where Six was?   
“He has gone for a walk alone, so he can do his bodily functions in private.,”   
“Oh I get the picture,” said Theo.
Stanley thought to himself that that was exactly what Six had said. “Why do humans have to picture everything,” he thought. Especially others doing their droppings.” He was extremely confused and wondered if he should picture this too. Theo said that his body was telling him that now would be a good time to join Six to do the same as him. He headed off in the opposite direction to Six. “See you in a while Stanley,” he said as he walked away. Stanley stayed rooted to the spot, wondering whether he should tell Theo that Six was not in that direction because how else could he join him. While he waited for the others to return from their morning release, he had a little chuckle because once again he considered himself far superior to the humans. “They are barely one step ahead of the flumbies. However did these flawed, fragile humans ever survive and then grow to the level of planet destroyers?” he thought.
 Six returned back to the camp first, in a very happy mood and asked Stanley where Theo was?   
“He has gone for a walk to do his droppings, get the picture?”   
“Yew, that’s way too much information to picture. How gross.” Six could sense Stanley’s confusion. “What you should have said was that he has gone for a walk. Get the picture? Think about that for a while, you will soon pick it up.”   
“Pick up what? Droppings? Pictures? I told Troy we should have stuck to the A.I. language,” Stanley thought to himself.
Six gave Stanley his back, while he shook his blanket and rolled it up. Theo arrived a few minutes later, said good morning to Six and they all discussed today’s plan, while the two humans ate a large helping of nutty beans for breakfast. They had decided that the decent thing to do with the body of the humanoid was to bury it. Theo and Six picked a spot close to the craft and scooped out sand using their hands to make a shallow grave while Stanley retrieved the body. Making sure they were at a good distance away from the aliens last resting place, Stanley placed the very tall alien body into the makeshift grave and covered it up with the displaced sand.

“Should we investigate inside the craft or would that be too risky for us,” Theo asked Six.   

“I’m not sure, perhaps it’s better to be safe because of contamination, but Stanley could have a peak and maybe record the layout.”

Stanley got in as far as he could, but all he could see were two seats with the backs against a wall and an instrument panel in front of them and of course everything was covered in a thick layer of dust. When Stanley had finished Six suggested that they make their way back to camp before the suns got high, so off they set on the return journey, not knowing if there was another humanoid out there somewhere or not. They arrived back at camp and were greeted by Prime and the others. They were all eager to hear about their exploits. Prime told them to freshen up, have a drink and eat before meeting up to tell their tale. They gave their account of what had happened and stressed about the fact that there was only one body. That’s when Prime told them about the dead flumby and of course it all made sense now. If there was a second humanoid, it probably died, just like the other one and was taken by the fungus creature. Troy had listened to the conversation and commented, “But what if the second one didn’t die, where is it now?”
Prime told everyone that they should all assume that it died and that’s the end of the matter, unless evidence is found to suggest otherwise. She asked Seven, who had accepted her given name of Sara how she was coming along with the seeds that were in cryo-storage. Sara told Prime that she had successfully thawed out some seeds of the corn, wheat and potatoes to see how they go and left the rest untouched for now. The seeds had been planted in small containers and now she was waiting for signs of growth and assuming that they grew as expected, they could transplant them into the ground. Sara saw no reason why they shouldn’t reach maturity because the growing conditions here seemed ideal. Prime seemed really pleased and asked Sara to keep her updated.
“Eight, I hope you will come up with some great recipes when we get our first crop,” she said.
“I too am using my given name; I am now Luis. If you please.”   
“Everyone, meet Luis, the best chef on the planet. Okay let’s all go about our business. The Two J’s can you please join me.” everyone looked around at each other, not quite understanding Primes request. She noticed their confusion and said, “Jessica and Johnathon, please,” the others walked away like a team of defeated players, with their heads down because they didn’t get it.
“It’s okay guys I will take a bit of getting used to,” and smiled.
Stanley said, ”I understood completely Prime, you made perfect sense to me.”   
“ You never cease to amaze me Stanley, because Jessica chose to use her name while you were away. Your hearing must be incredible.” Troy couldn’t help sniggering at Stanley being called out by Prime then he caught up with Kaina who was heading in the direction of the stream.
“Hey, where’s a girl like you going to, in a place like this? he inquired. “Are you sure you said that correctly Troy because it doesn’t sound quite right to me.”   
“I don’t know. I just blurt this stuff out,” said Troy.   
“Well now you are here. We are going to the stream to see if we can find any life in it,” she said. 
“I already looked when you were in your tubes and there was nothing,” Troy told her.
“Well, my dear, today is a new day and who knows what it will bring.” Prime took Jessica and Johnathon to one side and said, “I bet you two are feeling a bit left out at the moment because your special training isn’t being used yet, so until your unique talents are needed I would like you to undertake this task for me. We need to know exactly what life we are sharing this planet with, other than flumbies, yells and a giant fungus. There must be other life here, like insects or whatever, so I want you guys to team up and look under every rock, in all the bushes and anywhere else you can think of to see what is here. You don’t need to do the stream because Kaina and Troy are on that, right now. What do you think, can you do that?” They both nodded their heads in agreement and told Prime that they would be happy to do it and thanked her for the task. Prime said, ”Okay, get to it then and please keep me updated with your progress.”
The two, who were already very friendly, discussed tactics and then made their way to the first area they were going to search. They began looking at each bush for signs of life. They had looked at hundreds of bushes without any luck and by now they had wandered quite a distance in the process. Just up ahead was a colony of flumbies, so they decided to watch them for a while. They sat down on the ground, next to each other and gazed at the loveable fury animals. Although they didn’t do much, they were still quite entertaining to watch.
“What a life these guys have all they do all day is eat, sleep and you know,” said Jessica.   
“ What is ‘you know’?” he asked with a grin on his face.   
“You know, they do it, she answered.”   
He laughed and said, “Just say what you mean, you don’t have to be shy with me.” She built up the courage and said, ”Sex, they have sex all the time.” Her face was now more red than last night’s glorious suns set.
” I know, aren’t they the lucky ones,” he answered. She looked at him and thought, “Oh what the hey,” then asked if he had ever done it. He told her that he didn’t think that any of us had because no one has said anything. “You’re right, I haven’t heard anyone discuss it either, it’s as though the subject is taboo.” Just then, three flumbies came over to them and got really close. The two would-be lovers started to stroke them and the flumbies seemed to enjoy it because they stayed for more. “We can continue our talk, another time” said Johnathon with a huge smile on his face.
“I hope that’s a promise,” she replied as they played with the fury animals. After a while Jessica said it was time they made their way back to the lander because it was starting to get dark and she didn’t want to get stuck out here at night. Jonathon agreed. They started to make their way home, when all of a sudden they heard a strange noise coming from some bushes, about fifty paces to their left. Jessica looked scared so Johnathon, being the less nervous one, told her to stay there while he investigated. He walked towards the area where the noise came from. It sounded like a whimper of someone or something in pain. As he got nearer, he could see a figure moving behind a bush, twenty paces ahead. “What is that?” he thought, as he moved even closer. He was almost at the bush now and the whimpering noise was louder and he could see the shape of a flumby behind the bush, quivering as though it was in pain. He had a feeling of relief knowing that the mysterious shape was only a flumby and not anything dangerous. He walked round the other side of the bush and there was this flumby that had somehow got itself caught up in the branches of the bush, which for a flumby would be very difficult to do because they don’t seem to go into the bushes. He knelt down next to the frightened animal and gently tried to untangle it. He said to it with a gentle, soothing voice, “There’s a good flumby,” because he thought his voice might help calm it down. After a few seconds of fighting with the branches, he managed to free the helpless animal, which appeared to have suffered no lasting injuries. “See, I told you everything would be okay, off you go and find your little friends” he told it. ”Well, that’s today’s good deed done,” he thought and turned around to go back to Jessica. “That was weird he thought,” he couldn’t see her. She should be standing over there because that is the direction he came from. “Jessica,” he shouted, but there was no answer.
“Okay, you hide and I will find you, but when I do my reward will be a big kiss, Okay,” he shouted expectantly and laughed. He arrived back at the spot where he thought she should be, but she was not there. He was starting to worry now because he could see strange footsteps unlike any he had seen before, someone else had been there, he thought. “Jessica, where are you,” he shouted at the top of his voice, but still no answer. He was now panicking because he knew she would never purposely hide like this. He looked in every direction for clues and then he noticed a foot sticking out from a group of bushes, just up ahead. He ran over to there and saw Jessica laying on the ground, lifeless with her blood staining the ground all around her head. He threw himself down to where she was and saw that the back of her head had been smashed by something hard. He gently lifted her head up and saw that her eyes were open, but without life emanating from them. He checked her pulse, and that confirmed his worst nightmare. She was dead, murdered by some evil monster. “No!” he screamed, but there was no one around to hear the pain of his anguish, only the yells and flumbies.

Troy was doing his impersonation of Stanley for Kaina, causing her to have a fit of the giggles because he was spot on with the sound of the tutting that Stanley is so fond of doing. He stopped abruptly and told Kaina to look to where he was pointing. In the distance he could see what looked like someone carrying something large. “Go and help them Troy, and I will alert the others.” 
Troy sped off in the direction of the person and as he got closer, he could see it was Johnathon cradling Jessica’s bloodied body in his arms. Troy reached them at double speed and held out his arms to take hold of Jessica, but Johnathon seemed to ignore Troy’s signal to help. It was as though he hadn’t noticed that Troy was even there. He was now acting on autopilot; his arms were locked into position around her lifeless body. He had no sense of pain even though his muscles were close to breaking point. He was using every ounce of strength his aching body could give to get Jessica back to base and out of the reach of the fungus creature, which surely had been only a minute or two from dragging her dead, still warm body underground to be consumed as though it was just a lump of meat. By now everyone in the camp had gathered to find out what was going on. Several of them had ran to help Johnathon, but they could all see that it was too late for Jessica, all they could do was to release him from his physical pain by taking her from his weary arms. Theo quietly and calmly whispered to Johnathon.  “Please let us help, you have done all you can,” his arms released their grip of her as Theo and Six took hold and eased her body out of from his arms and into theirs. Kaina put her right arm around Johnathon’s shoulders, as she tried to comfort him because she knew that there was romance brewing between them. But now it was just a love affair of what could have been. She didn’t say anything to him because he was clearly in shock, she just held him as they carried on walking to the lander. Prime was standing with all the others and she could hear the different whispers of, “Oh no, she’s dead,” and “What has happened?.” She stepped forward from the group, thinking to herself, “I must be strong,” and took command of the situation.
“Theo and Six take Jessica inside and lay her on her bed. Kaina, do what you can for Johnathon,” because she could see that the only thing to be done for poor Jessica was to cover her up, He was the one that needed the medical attention, before he became completely catatonic. 

Prime used her biological and medical training to examine Jessica’s body. She had some old parachute erected around the bed where Jessica was lying to give some privacy and also shield the others from seeing death, close up. Prime removed Jessica’s clothes and washed her down, while looking for signs of injury, other than the bloodied head. She started from the toes and worked her way up the body, giving special attention around the genital area to look for signs of possible rape, not because she suspected Johnathon, but to rule it out. She felt relieved when there was no sign of trauma anywhere on the body except for the skull.
“So this attack was purely to murder her, but who and why?” she thought. She washed away the dried blood from her badly damaged skull, then gently moved apart the knotted hair to reveal the fatal wound. It looked as though there had been only one strike to the back of Jessica’s head. She probably didn’t even know what had happened because death was almost certainly, instantaneous. Prime wasn’t sure what kind of weapon was used, but it must have been very hard and strong to make such a large crater in the head. She finished her examination and then dressed the body and made Jessica look as though she was only sleeping, as best she could.
“Stanley, please stand outside the tented area and make sure that nobody goes in.” He said nothing but stayed on guard allowing no one to enter, not that anyone had any intention of doing so.

Prime went over to where Kaina was attending to Johnathon, who was now showing signs of awareness after his ordeal. She whispered to Kaina and asked if he was able to talk yet. Kaina told her that he probably was ready, but be gentle with him because he was traumatised. Prime knelt down next to where he was laying and reached out to hold his left hand with her right. He instinctively took hold of it, like a baby that holds the little finger that is offered. 

“Hey buddy, how are you doing?” she asked him. Johnathon looked at her and said in a quiet and croaky voice. “ Is she, you know?” 
Prime looked him in the eyes and simply said. “Yes, I’m afraid she was gone when you got here, I’m so sorry,” and she gently squeezed his hand so he could feel her pain too.  
“Are you able to tell me what happened to Jessica?” she asked him.   
“I will try my best,” and relived the events leading to Jessica’s death to Prime and Kaina, with Troy placed a little further back. All the while Johnathon told them his story, Prime kept hold of his hand and she could sense that he was telling the truth and he had nothing to do with the murder of Jessica; his only mistake was leaving her alone while he untangled the struggling flumby. If that was a mistake. When he had finished his account, he asked if he could see Jessica for one last time. Prime looked at Kaina, so she could decide. She nodded and accompanied him to the tent where Stanley was standing guard. They went to enter the area but Stanley said, “No one is…” Kaina interrupted him before he could finish his sentence by saying, “Prime gave us permission, now please move away.” He shifted to his left, allowing them access into the tented area, thinking to himself, ”No one told me Prime had given them permission,” but even he knew deep inside his brain of wires and circuits that it was the right thing to do. Kaina led Johnathon into the area, holding him as tightly as she could. Once they were inside and he had seen her body lying there, Kaina said, ”I will be just outside,” and left him there to be alone with his love. Everyone in the camp could hear his cries and they all felt his pain because most of them knew of the growing bond between the couple. Prime had to wear her leader's head and leave the emotional one for later when there was time for grieving. She was trying to piece together Jessica’s murder from Jonathon's account and then suddenly realised there was another problem to solve. What the bloody hell do we do with the body?  

Chapter 48  

“Stanley, I need you to get everyone together, in the lander. We have to talk.” said Prime Karina.   “I’m on it,” he replied.   
“What the hell am I going to say them,” she thought. 
“Everyone is assembled and waiting for you in the lander,” Stanley told her.   
“Thank you, Stanley. I will be there in a minute,” she replied. “Well, I don’t know how to handle this, so I’m just going to say it like it is, without the sugar coating,” she thought to herself.
She walked up the ramp of the lander and saw the frightened and confused group muttering to each other in whispers because they were trying to keep out of ears reach of Johnathon, who was in the other room, laying in his bed sleeping. Prime walked into the room and said, “Thank you all for being here. We have much to discuss.” 
Debbie said out loud, ”We sure do, like who or what is killing us, one by one?”   
“Yes, you are correct Debbie, it would seem that we are being targeted by a murderer and we need to find out who or what, it is before anyone else is killed.” She could see on their faces that there was real fear in their eyes and she needed to calm those feelings immediately. “As of this moment we all have to be vigilant and watch each other's backs at all times. If any of you need to leave the safety of the camp, you will go in threes and one of the three will be either Troy or Stanley.”   
Six shouted out, “Excuse me Prime! I know this might sound racist, but what if the killer is one, or even both of them?” Prime took a moment to answer Six’s question while she quickly went over what he had just stated in her mind. Troy and Stanley didn’t move from their positions and kept quiet, waiting to hear Prime’s reply. Kaina held out her hand and grabbed Troy’s as an act of support to that ridiculous and obvious act of racism towards the robot pair. Everyone was waiting to hear Prime’s response. She looked at Six, straight in the eyes.
“Do you realise how stupid you have appeared to be after saying that hurtful and extremely racist remark about our friends Stanley and Troy? Don’t you think that if they wanted us dead, they would have never put our eggs in the tubes or they would never have cared for us while we were growing. Wouldn’t it have been easier, if they were the killers, if we had never been born? What you have just said is illogical and irrational and hurtful, you should be bloody well ashamed of yourself. I trust both of them with my life and you should all be grateful that they are here as part of the team. Now, let’s get back to the matter at hand.”   Everyone seemed to agree with Prime and showed their support for Troy and Stanley by shouting, “Hear, hear!” and Kaina followed up with, “We love you guys.” Six was now feeling as though he should go and stand in the corner for being naughty. He took his rebuke on the chin, spoke up and apologised for his moment of madness and blamed it on his fear of the situation. Prime shouted out, ”Okay, I assume that you all have heard the details of Jessica’s murder so we need to investigate what happened. Johnathon said that he saw strange footsteps in the ground, so that’s where we shall start. At first light I want Stanley, Theo and Johnathon, if he is up to it, to find the spot where the murder took place, examine these prints and see what else you can find.”   Johnathon, who was now awake and feeling somewhat better, had somehow slipped into the room unnoticed. He interrupted Prime and shouted out, “I am up for it and I won't rest until we catch the killer.”   
 “Good for you Johnathon and yes, we will get the murderer.” She went on to tell the others that as of now the trackers in their bracelets would be activated at all times once you leave the confines of the camp because they needed to know where everyone was. “Stanley, please see to that as soon as the meeting ends,” she said.
 “Yes, Prime,” he replied. “Now we come to the part of this meeting that I need to discuss with all of you, and you need to decide how we proceed. I’m glad you are here for this Johnathon because what I’m about to say will affect you the most.”   
 “ I think I know what you are going to say, what do we do with Jessica?” said Johnathon. None of the others had even considered this, but all were now giving it great thought. Prime said, “As you are all aware, back on earth the deceased were either buried in the ground or cremated and the ashes given to the loved ones to dispose of as they see fit. We have a problem with both those options, we don’t have any way to cremate and if we bury her the fungus creature will certainly take the body. Comments, please.” They all looked puzzled with this conundrum at first, but after a while of thought, it was obvious what they should do. Debbie stuck out her neck by saying, ”As things are right now, there is only one possible solution to this, and we all know what that is. The life cycle of this planet, our home, is that everything gets recycled by the fungus creature and in turn it enables a happy tranquil life to the living creatures and unhindered growing to the plant life. Who are we to change what has been going on for hundreds of thousands of years, if not millions? We all need to decide what to do, but, to my mind, it really is so simple. When we die, which we all will, eventually, we must be buried and allow the fungus to continue the cycle of life. So, I say we bury Jessica’s body and everyone else when it’s time.”  No one could really argue with Debbie’s opinion, thought Prime. She called for a vote. “Stanley and Troy, I think you guys should sit this one out because your bodies are different. All in favour of burials, raise your right arms now.” They all raised their arms immediately because they knew there were no other options at this time. Prime made it official.   ” “The motion is carried unanimously, therefore, I suggest we bury Jessica as soon as possible,” said Prime.  “Everyone be ready for the funeral in one hour. Johnathon would you please decide where you would like the ceremony to take place.” He thanked her for allowing him the honour of choosing Jessica’s last resting place. He would let her know in a while, but deep down inside he already knew the perfect position. Most of the grieving pioneers wandered around aimlessly for the next hour, with varying thoughts of death and murder. But all wanting the answer to the same question. Who killed Jessica and why?  

Chapter 49   

They carried Jessica’s body on a sheet of parachute held by six people, one on each corner and two in the middle. Johnathon was holding the right front corner, with Prime on the left. Troy and Stanley were holding the back corners, with Sara and Kaina in the middle. Johnathon had decided that they should lay Jessica down near the stream because that was where they had had their first secret kiss. They all followed his lead until he stopped, about thirty paces from the water. There was a group of flumbies close by on the right and towards the left were some yells looking on inquisitively. It was as though the animals had come to pay their last respects. “She would have liked that,” thought Johnathon. He stopped and gently started to lower his corner down and all the others followed along. They all waited for him to react because none of them knew how this was to play out. “Do we make some kind of hole, put her in and cover her?” thought Prime.   Johnathon had a different idea though, he told them that he wanted nature to take its course by simply placing her onto the ground. He instructed them of his wishes, so they did as asked and gently placed her down while removing the sheet. Sara inconspicuously folded it up and put it to one side, out of Jonathon's sight. They all stood there in silence and waited. Some thought about Jessica and others just watched for the ground to start moving. They were all standing about twenty paces away, their eyes transfixed on the spot where she lay. The ground started vibrating. “This is it,” they thought and sure enough the vibrations became larger and soon the tentacles rose up from the ground, just visible through the cloud of dust, then in one brief moment she was gone, and the ground was still. They all stood there in silence looking at the fresh layer of earth that, only a few seconds ago was where Jessica’s body lay.  “I am sorry for your loss,” Prime whispered to Johnathon and gently kissed him on the cheek, then walked away. The others took it in turn to do the same until they left Johnathon standing alone. Prime whispered to Troy and Kaina to keep him in sight and accompany him back to camp, when he was ready. 

Once everyone had returned to the camp, Prime reminded the three about their impending investigation. Stanley. Theo and Johnathon set out to find the spot where the murder had taken place. Johnathon lead the way, hoping he could retrace his steps, but as the terrain mostly looked the same, it would not be easy. Stanley was using his digital eyesight to follow the backward footsteps of Jonathon's trail. The fact that he had carried Jessica home was helping Stanley’s gaze because that extra weight had made his footwear go deeper into the ground making the trail much easier to follow. “How far out were you when, it happened?” Theo asked.  

“I’m not too sure, but perhaps twenty minutes.”   

“Well, we should just about be there by now,” Theo stated. Stanley, who was still concentrating on the trail said, “Please stop, I think we are in the area now because the footsteps have changed. We should be careful not to disturb the ground. We need to find those strange steps so I can record them. Would everyone stay behind me as we proceed?” The other two agreed and Stanley carefully continued forward, looking for signs of Jessica’s murder scene. “I think we are here,” said Stanley. I can see that the ground has been upset and there are definitely three different types of footsteps. Two are prints of your type shoes, one bigger than the other and one type that is completely different to yours and much larger. Johnathon shouted, “I knew it, those are the prints of the killer and we need to find the bastard before it kills again.” 
Theo asked, “Where is the blood?” 
Stanley replied, “My guess is that the fungus creature could sense the blood and tried to get the body, but of course Johnathon had already recovered it. Sorry, I mean her,” Stanley corrected himself, so not to sound insensitive. “Good save,” he thought. Johnathon told the other two that he had left Jessica here and went towards the sound of the trapped Flumby “Somewhere in that direction.” He pointed with his right hand about fifty paces ahead. Stanley could see his old footsteps and followed the trail until they stopped by a bush that was showing signs of damage. He looked around but couldn’t see anything out of the ordinary, just Jonathon's footsteps. Stanley went back to join the others at the murder scene and realised that he had seen those strange footsteps before. He kept it to himself and asked Theo to look at them again. Theo stared at them for a while and then the penny dropped. “The spacecraft,” he shouted.  “Yes, I agree, they look like they are the prints from the dead humanoids shoes.” Theo blurted out, “So that means that there were two of them after all and the living one is a homicidal killer.”   
Stanley replied, “It would appear that’s the case. We should go back to camp and report our finding to Prime.”   
“Wait, can’t we follow the footsteps and catch the murderer?” Johnathon suggested.   
“No that’s not possible because the trail has gone. I already checked, I think the humanoid probably rubbed the trail away with twigs and the little breeze we have had did the rest.” said Stanley.   They made their way back to camp and told Prime of their findings. “WHAT,” she shouted. “That’s all we need; a crazy humanoid roaming the area. Still at least we now know that none of us is a murderer.”  After giving the situation some thought, Prime called Theo to discuss what action to take. She had chosen him because his training was in survival tactics, so he was more suited for this, she thought. She said, “The big question is, what are we going to do about this murderer? Do we search it out or lie in wait to catch it in some kind of trap?”   

“Good question Prime. My gut instinct is to track it down and kill it before it gets another one of us. But my brain is saying that we should all stick together and wait for it to make a mistake. Then we capture or kill it, that’s assuming that it hasn’t wandered off somewhere else and we will never see it again.”  Prime agreed with Theo; it was a tough call to make because they could be trying to catch a being that had already left the area. They decided that for now they should all be extra vigilant and post guards at night. Prime called for Stanley and Troy to ask if they would be up to guarding the camp at night because they didn’t sleep and could easily do the task. They both readily agreed. Prime asked them to guard the door of the lander at night so that the others could sleep knowing that they were safe. Troy seemed excited about his new responsibility, however, Stanley thought to himself, there’s another reason to show how humans are inferior to him. He told Prime that he would be happy to join Troy for guard duty. 

 Two weeks had now passed since Jessica’s murder and there had been no signs of the murderous humanoid. Of course Prime was very happy about the absence of the mysterious killer, but she was still uneasy about it rearing up its ugly head and deep down she thought it was just a question of time. She decided to keep this idea to herself, for now, for fear of creating panic out of a gut feeling.  

Chapter 50   

Sara came running towards the lander, clutching something in her hand and shouting, “Where is Prime?” 
Prime came running out from the craft, ”What’s the matter Sara?” she asked. Sara, who could hardly contain her excitement showed her what was in her hand. “This is the first seedling to show above the soil. Isn’t it a beauty?” she exclaimed. By now, most of the others had come over to see what all the commotion was about. Prime grinned and shouted out loud, “Well guys. It looks like there will soon be something else on the menu, thanks to Sara’s green fingers. Congratulations and well done.” Everyone cheered at the good news because, although the nutty beans were nice to eat, every meal was a bit much. Sara explained that this little plant was the first of the corn and if all goes well, they could put them into the ground soon. Prime congratulated Sara on her achievement as she was really excited with the prospect of growing their own food. It was about time they had some success instead of fear and death. Sara said that she had something else to announce and “As you are all here, there is no time like the present!” She pulled Luis towards her and held his hand tightly. “As you are all probably aware, Luis and I have become close, very close and we would like to tell you all, that in eight months’ time the first human baby will be born on our planet.” She giggled and jumped up and down with excitement. Everyone shouted congratulations, and they all hugged and exchanged kisses. Even Stanley seemed happy with the news. Troy shouted out, “Hey, I’m going to be an uncle,” and spun around excitedly. After everyone had got used to the excitement of tiny feet running around, Prime said, “Okay, that’s it. We really do need to do something about the accommodation around here because I’m not going to be kept awake all night by a crying baby,” and smiled. The others wondered what she was getting at. Was she going to banish Sara, Luis and baby to the outside? Prime continued, “I have been saving this announcement for a while and keeping Troy from blabbing has been an absolute nightmare. We are having a baby too.” The whole group gasped except for Kaina who was ready to kill Troy. “No just kidding, I’m not Troy’s type! We have both been working on something cool and I can see from Kaina’s reaction that he actually can keep a secret. There is, in storage, a giant 3D printer, a bit like the one over there, but much bigger and its main use is for 3D printing buildings. The problem has been that the only component we have to use in it is this sandy soil and, of course it would be useless for buildings. Troy, that clever guy standing over there, has invented a chemical that can be combined with the soil to make it into a kind of cement that would be suitable for buildings. So that’s why I won’t be  listening to a crying baby all night because they will be the first to have a new home.”  Sara hugged Prime and thanked her. “It’s not me you should be thanking,” she said. Sara moved over to Troy grabbed him and gave him the biggest hug she could because of the joy he had given her and Luis. “Oh, it is my pleasure guys, but don’t forget. I’m going to be Uncle Troy soon.”   

Sara replied, “Yes you certainly are,” and smiled because she was so happy. Prime added that they would start the trials tomorrow and see how it went. 

Stanley looked on at the others and the happiness they were showing and wondered why humans were so easy to please. After all, it was just another life form that was being made, what was the big deal? “I will never get the hang of living with humans,” he thought. The next morning there was a lot of movement going on in the lander. It was Troy and Stanley moving things around and opening doors. “What you up to Troy?” asked Debbie. Troy told her that they were unpacking the 3D printer to build the house because there was only eight months to go before he became an uncle. Debbie laughed and said, “Oh I see, well you had better get on with it then.” 
Stanley mumbled to himself, ”I was kept in the dark with the planning, but when it comes to humping stuff around, they want me.” Debbie heard his moaning and managed to beat him to the tutting. “I must need a reboot or something because I can’t even do my own tutting,” he thought.   They set up the printing equipment in a place that was about thirty metres away, in an area that had no bushes to clear. The printer looked very much like a crane, five metres high and the arm reaching out three metres. The central frame was round and fixed onto a wide base that had to be placed perfectly flat and then fixed into the ground with stakes. At the end of the arm there was a tubular device that was the printer head and fixed to that were various cables, hoses and lastly there was a large bucket where the printing material will be stored, once it was mixed properly. This simple 21st century printer was perfect because it could be assembled very easily when it was needed to be used and then simply undone and packed away into storage when idle. The only drawback was that it could only print circular buildings because of its simplicity. Everyone was helping to assemble the main frames and connecting the cables and hose under Stanley’s watchful eye. They soon completed it. Stanley asked Troy to connect it to the lander’s power supply. He went over to the lander, carrying the long power cable and plugged it into the socket. “It’s in!” he shouted.  
The digital display lit up and Stanley pressed for the test function. The machine started up and the main frame began to slowly spin around with the printer head moving backwards and forwards to calibrate the datum’s. “All systems seem to be functioning normally,” Stanley said.   Troy replied, ”Well what do you expect after only 5,000 years, it’s brand new!” and laughed with Kaina, who was keeping him company. Stanley’s volunteers had been given their orders and were going about the business of collecting masses of the sandy soil and piling it up near the printing area. This was Theo, Johnathon and Six’s job. Stanley asked everyone to move away because he was going to mark out the area where the foundations would be. He turned on the printer and programmed it to mark a circle in the soil with a radius of five metres. The printer started moving, its arm lowered to almost ground level so that the print head was just entering the soil, then the central frame began to slowly turn until it had gone a full 360 degrees. That was it; the foundations were now marked out. The arm began to rise up and stopped when it reached the top. Stanley and Troy each attached two digging arms to their bodies, exchanged for their normal bottom pair of arms. They began to follow the newly created circle, digging out the soil to thirty centimetres deep and fifty wide to be used for the foundations. The pair soon completed their task, and the circular trench was ready to be filled with the same material that was going to be used for printing. Troy filled the large bucket with soil and mixed it with the liquid that he had made, which was the setting agent. Once the mixture was perfectly mixed, he and Stanley carried it to the trench and poured it in, then went back and repeated the whole process again and again until the trench was completely filled and nicely levelled off. Troy said that the mixture would harden enough for the printer to print on in about an hour, so they all went for a well-earned rest. After they all had rested and eaten, it was time to print the house. Sara was so excited with the prospect of having her new home she kept thanking Troy every time their paths crossed, which was rather a lot. Even Troy was becoming irritated by her constant gratitude. “You’re welcome, ” he would reply.   Stanley checked the newly laid foundation to make sure that Troy’s magic mixture had hardened, and it seemed to be okay, so he set the machine to print the pre-set program and away it went. All the guys had to do was make sure that the bucket never ran out of the mix. The arm went around in a circle depositing a five centimetre high layer of muck that was the same in width. It travelled slowly around making a pattern of joined up hexagons all the way around, twenty centimetres wide. Except for a space of one metre which was for the door. The speed of the printer was timed so that when it had completed each layer, the mix had hardened ready for the next.

The building was going up pretty fast and Stanley had calculated that it would be finished in twelve hours’ time. The bucket fillers worked in shifts to keep the hungry machine fed with muck, each member of the group taking their turn, except for Sara, even though she wanted to do her fair share of labour, Luis stopped her because she would be doing her own labour in the not too distant future, even Prime did her fair share of work. Stanley’s calculation had been spot on because the house was completed in twelve hours more or less, and it did look pretty impressive considering it was made from only buckets of soil and Troy’s special liquid. It resembled an old Earth igloo but this one wouldn’t melt in the hot sun. There was only one problem though, the printer was still assembled and sticking out through a hole on the roof. Sara looked at Stanley and said, “There’s a printing machine sticking up through my roof. Why?” Troy overheard and shouted out, “You should be happy because it’s not every home that comes with its own personal 3D printer,” Sara turned around to him and said,” If you think that thing is going to stay sticking through my roof, I will feed you to the flumbies.” Prime came over and asked Stanley the same question, he replied, “It would appear that I didn’t take into account the removal of the printer because this machine was designed to build the walls only and then the roof would be built from timber, but as we don’t have any I improvised and designed the roof to be printed too. But we do need to work out how to remove the machine.”   Prime looked at Sara and said, “Don’t worry. Stanley WILL think of a way to remove the printer without knocking down the house, won't you Stanley?”   
“Yes indeed Prime, leave it with me.” Troy whispered to Stanley, ”All we need to do is disassemble the printer arm first leaving just the mainframe, then take that apart piece by piece, we just need a volunteer to climb onto the roof, once it’s fully hardened.”   
“That’s exactly what I was thinking,” said Prime.  Everyone rolled their eyes and walked away, leaving Stanley standing there on his own.  Sara and Luis were so pleased with their new home, even though there was a huge hole in the roof that had to be fixed and a doorway without a door, because of the lack of materials. Once the top of the printer had been removed, and the mainframe had been disassembled to be shorter than the roof, Luis managed to make an inside cover from spare things and then fill in the hole from the outside with the mix and once it hardened it bonded nicely with the roof, so Stanley’s design actually worked great in the end. All they had to do was remove the remaining frame and make the door. This was made from a piece of a parachute, more of a curtain really, but it worked just fine. When Luis and Sara officially entered their new home, he carried her in his arms across the threshold with the others shouting and cheering. 

Chapter 51   

Over the coming weeks Sara and Luis had gained some new neighbours, three lots in fact. Stanley’s house design proved so popular that they printed out three more. Debbie and Theo had become a couple and decided to move in with each other. Six changed his name to Lars, the one given to him by his parents. He shared a house with Johnathon, who was still mourning the death of the  late Jessica and  lastly Prime Karina shared with Kaina. That left Stanley and Troy sharing the lander. The homes were, well, sparse wouldn’t be an over exaggeration of describing their contents. In fact, all they had were the beds from the lander and for those that needed it, they hung curtains as dividers for privacy which only Lars and Johnathon had. There was a rumour going around that Prime and Kaina were involved, but nothing had been confirmed, yet. 

Today was that time for the bimonthly meeting and everyone had assembled in the lander. Prime greeted everyone and said,” As you are all aware, I have been Prime for six months now and maybe it’s time for someone else to take over the reins. But if you want, I’m happy to continue with the task.” The others looked around at each other's reaction and it was obvious that they were all happy with Karina’s role and coupled with the fact that no one else really wanted to take over; it was unanimous that she carried on. She said, ”Okay that’s out of the way then, so next on the list is security. Do you all think the humanoid has gone or should we carry on and have the camp guarded by Troy and Stanley during the nights?” 

Theo got up and said, ”I feel that the threat has passed but I think that it would be better if we were still guarded at night, that’s if T and S are happy to continue.”   

Prime replied, “It would seem that Troy and Stanley have gained new names or was that just a slip of the tongue, Theo?” He looked a little embarrassed and apologised for not addressing them properly. Prime continued. “Before we vote, I must ask Troy and Stanley if they would consider carrying on, if the vote was yes.” They both agreed that they were quite happy guarding the camp if needed. They all voted, but the result was a bit of a surprise to Prime. It was five to three against. Sara, Luis and Prime voted yes, and the others voted no. Prime confirmed the result and told Troy and Stanley that they were lucky that they still had a day job, and everyone laughed. Prime asked Sara about the seedlings. She said that she couldn’t understand why they all die soon after being transplanted into the ground, after all the soil was the same as the pots. “But I will keep trying and won't give up. We will have our fresh vegetables in the very near future. The next point I want to raise is, Troy has proposed to me. No, not that old joke again in case that’s what you're thinking. His proposal is, why don’t we have a film and game night, once a week? I know most of you have seen no films yet, so would you like to try it out?” There was a buzz in the room because it did sound like a fun thing to do. Prime addressed them. “All in favour of film night, hands up now.” It was a big yes, so film night was arranged. “Lastly, I think it’s time we activated the tubes for the next ten to be grown. What are your views on that?” Johnathon asked if they would be grown to full age or younger. Prime said she thought full age was best and all the others nodded in agreement. The vote was cast, and the result was yes. She asked if anyone had any other business to discuss. Theo asked if they all still had to move in threes when outside the camp now that we have relaxed the security.   
Prime said, ”Good question, let’s vote on it.” the result was a unanimous no, so everyone could come and go when they pleased. Lars suggested that they still keep the trackers activated on the bracelets, just in case and all agreed with him. Prime closed the meeting and everyone went about their business except for Sara. She stayed behind to chat with Prime about the plants. “What’s up, Sara?” asked Prime. Sara told her that she had something to say about the seedlings and didn’t want to say it in front of everyone. She told Prime that she thought the reason the plants were dying once they went in the ground was because the fungus creature was somehow killing them. Prime didn’t really look surprised because there was only one kind of plant life here and that was the nutty bush which forms part of the food chain. She went on to say that she thought there were many kinds of plant life here thousands of years ago, but the fungus creature had killed them because it didn’t need them. She also thought that it was the same for animals, it kept the flumbies and yells because they are easy to control, and the others were gradually phased out or moved away. Sara asked, ”Do you think the whole planet is like this?”   
“No, I don’t, and I wouldn’t mind betting that once we can spread out, when our numbers have grown enough, there will be different life forms. Perhaps just over those distant mountains there is no fungus creature and other life is abundant, time will tell. Sara, for now, is there a way of growing a limited amount our crops in pots or some way of shielding them from the fungus?” asked Prime.   “That’s a good idea. I will look into it. Even if we only get a few mature plants, it would be a bonus,” replied Sara. “It sure would make a difference to have a change of diet, even if only once in a blue moon.”   

“Now that’s a saying that will surely die off with us because this planet doesn’t appear to have a moon,” said Prime and they both laughed. Sara gave Prime’s suggestion great thought and had an idea, but she would need the help of Troy and Stanley. She saw them parked together, which was unusual for those two and took advantage of the fact. “Hey guys I need a favour.”   

Troy replied, ”What is your desire, princess?”   

Sara smiled and said, “Queen would be better, but I will settle for being a princess, for now. I am going to try planting my seedlings a different way and as I’m three months pregnant now I’m trying to cut down on the physical work, would you be kind enough to help me?” Stanley was keeping quiet and letting Troy do the talking. At least that way he stood a chance of evading whatever this physical task was going to be. Troy asked what it was that she wanted. “I need some channels dug in the ground, about 30 centimetres deep, 10 wide and l0 metres long. I think four will be enough to try out my idea.” As that chore didn’t seem too difficult, Stanley decided that he would now get involved. “Of course we will do that for you, won't we Troy. Just point out where and we will have them dug in no time.”    
“Oh, there is one more thing I need, and that is four strips of the parachute material cut to 11 metres long and 80 centimetres wide, if that’s possible.”   
Troy took control and said, ”Of course it’s possible, I will get those for you while Stanley digs the trenches because he was so enthusiastic about doing them for you, I don’t want to spoil his enjoyment,” and smiled.   
Stanley said, “Thank you Troy. You are so considerate,” and then asked Sara to show him where to dig. Troy went off in the opposite direction singing the song Happy Talk to himself and moving his top arms in time with the tune, as though he was the conductor of a choir. Stanley dug the trenches just as Sara had asked and she thanked him for his help. Troy appeared just at the right time with the material. “Here you are, just as you asked for,” he said and handed her the neatly folded up pieces of material. “Did you enjoy your digging?” he asked Stanley, trying not to snigger.    
“It was a most enjoyable activity and I look forward to the time I can do more, thank you for asking.” he said, then went off towards the camp wondering how he could  have been outsmarted by Troy, and tutted all the way home. Troy asked Sara what she was doing. She told him that she was trying to protect the seedlings by placing the material in the trenches as a shield and then returning the soil. Hopefully, this would protect them from whatever was causing them to die. “You’re a genius, would you like some help?” he said.   
“You could refill the trenches for me if you wouldn’t mind,” replied Sara.  
“No problem, I’m on it,” he said and did as asked. Troy stayed with Sara for the rest of the day and helped her plant the rows of seedlings. “You’ve been a great help Troy, thank you so much,” she said.   
“No problem princess, it was a pleasure and after all, someone has to make sure you don’t overdo things and get problems with my niece or nephew, to be.”    
Sara laughed and said, ”Oh I see, it wasn’t really me you were worried about, but what’s inside me.” and they made their way back to camp so Sara could take a well-earned rest. 

Chapter 52   

“What film has Troy picked out for us?” Prime asked Kaina, who was sitting on her left.    
“It is one of his favourite films of all time, and trust me, he has seen them all. It’s called The Sound of Music and it is what is known as a musical film, because as well as being a story, people sing in it too,” said Kaina. 
“Sounds great, I can’t wait for it to start. This was a great idea of Troy’s. I can see that it’s going to be a huge success. Huge meaning that all ten of us will be here to watch.” They both smiled. Troy was fussing around, trying to get everyone sat down so that he could begin playing the film. “So who’s not here yet?” he asked and scanned the room for missing people. Everyone was there except for Johnathon. Troy called out to Lars to ask him if Johnathon was coming to film night.  “As I was leaving the house, he said that he was feeling tired, and to start without him if he wasn’t here. So I guess he was having a lay down and fell asleep,” replied Lars. Troy seemed a little disappointed and said, “Oh okay, well we almost had a full house.”   
“Would you like me to go and wake him up?” Prime jumped in and told Lars to let him rest. Maybe he would show up later. Everyone was ready to watch the film and nobody really knew what to expect, but they were enthusiastic about Troy’s film night. They were now all seated in front of the big screen. Prime shouted out, ”Okay Troy, let’s go.” He pressed a button, and the screen lit up showing a young, badly dressed woman spinning around on a mountain slope, singing a song. This really made little sense to Stanley. “How could the hills be alive with the sound of music and where was the orchestra?” he thought.   
“That’s a pretty place,” Kaina whispered to Prime and moved her left hand next to Primes right one, as inconspicuously as possible.  Prime opened her hand and fingers to allow Kaina’s to entwine into hers, like two lovers sitting in the back row of the cinema. Stanley noticed from where he was situated and thought that they were trying to warm their hands, so he turned up the heating, trying to score a few brownie points from Prime, no doubt. The time went really quickly, and everyone seemed thrilled to have experienced watching the film. “What a beautiful place Earth is,” said Theo
“And did you see all the different types of food they had to eat, amazing.” said Luis.   
Lars added, ”But look what they were doing to their planet, nothing but death and destruction, they had it all.”   
“Yes, they did, and we won't make the same mistakes as them,” said Prime. Everyone thanked Troy for a successful first film night. Even Stanley seemed to enjoy it because he was humming the tune to, ‘Climb every mountain’. Everyone gradually made their way home and started to settle down for the night. “Help, help!” someone was shouting out with the sound of panic in their voice. Prime and Kaina ran outside to see that it was Lars shouting out. “What is the matter?” Prime asked him.   
“I think something has happened to Johnathon,” he screamed. “Come with me and I will show you,” he shouted at them. He led them to his house, and they followed him in. Scratched on the wall where Johnathon’s bed was situated was written, ‘I’ve gone to be with Jessica.’ Prime told Stanley, who had come over with all the others to track Johnathon’s bracelet. Stanley did it immediately and told Prime that he was near the stream where Jessica was laid. “You and Troy get there as fast as possible and we will be close behind you.” The two robots zoomed at top speed in the direction of the bracelets position. Luckily the animals had retired for the night or some would surely have been fungus food. Troy and Stanley arrived at the spot where the signal came from, but Johnathon was nowhere to be seen. Stanley zeroed in on the bracelet and it was on the ground next to a bloodied knife. The robots didn’t know how to react because it was plainly obvious what Johnathon had done. The others arrived and Stanley gave them his findings. They all agreed that he had taken his own life and was now underground. “I thought he was recovering from the trauma of Jessica’s death,” Prime said.   
“Me too, I was having weekly meetings with him and he was improving, at least I thought he was,” said Kaina. All that was left of Johnathon was the knife and bracelet. Stanley carefully picked them up to hand them to Prime later on. Everyone began to slowly make their way back to camp, confused, upset and wondering why. It would seem that tonight, the hills may have been alive with the sound of music, but here there were only the quiet whispers of death. Prime and Kaina went into their house and sat up for hours, talking about Johnathon’s apparent suicide and after all the long discussion they had it was clear that Johnathon was so depressed that he did kill himself. For the remaining few hours until morning, they snuggled up together and tried to forget about tonight’s horror story, if only for a while. In the morning, the very first thing Prime did was to find Stanley and tell him to get the tubes ready because she wanted the eggs implanted today. We must increase our numbers before we are all gone, she told him. By this time, the others had congregated in the eating area, waiting for Prime to say something about last night. She looked at them and said, “I just don’t have the words to tell you all how sad I am and ashamed for letting Johnathon down by not being there for him, when he needed me the most.” Theo jumped to her defence and said,” We all thought he had recovered, and we are as shocked as you. It wasn’t your fault. It wasn’t anyone's fault. It is just a tragic thing that none of us could have foreseen, so please don’t blame yourself.”   There were sounds of agreement from the others too. Prime told them about the eggs being implanted and also told them that it was paramount that they increased their numbers. “Now I’m asking all the females to become pregnant, either by natural means or for those of us that don’t have male partners, by implantation. We have to survive and to survive we need numbers. We haven’t travelled light years just to die, we have to live.”   
Debbie said, Theo and I are trying our best, but nothing has happened yet.”   
Prime replied, “Perhaps you guys should get Kaina to do some tests.” Then she looked at Kaina. “Can you arrange that please?” She nodded her head. “
Kaina looked at Troy and said, ”Well, it looks like you’re going to be a very busy uncle in the near future,” and winked.  

Chapter 53   

Three long weeks had passed since Johnathon’s suicide, and everyone was suffering from the aftermath of such a terrible and needless waste of someone's life. Prime Karina and Kaina had some fantastic news to tell the others and today seemed as good a day as any, so they decided to reveal their little secret at tonight’s film night. “Good morning Sara, how are you today?” asked Karina as they passed each other near the lander.   
“I’m good thank you and I’m glad our paths have crossed because I was coming to talk to you about my plants,” said Sara.   

“Do tell,” Prime said inquisitively. Sara explained that the seedlings she had planted three weeks earlier seemed to have taken very well in the ground, now that she had shielded them and the way things were going, they could harvest the crop in a couple of months. Prime was so pleased with Sara’s good news she just had to hug her, but not too tightly because Sara’s tummy was already starting to show signs of her pregnancy. Prime told her that she has some news to tell and all would be revealed later at Troy’s film night, so she would see her and Luis there. “Troy told me that tonight’s film is one of his favourites and it’s great, but of course he says that every time,” she told her and they laughed as they went their separate ways. She came across Stanley. “Hello Prime, I have a way of improving your nights,” Stanley told her.   
“Good morning to you Stanley, please tell me what you have in mind,” she said as they stood near the ramp of the lander. Stanley told her that he had managed to scavenge a supply of LED bulbs along with some redundant power cables and these materials could be used to give each house its own internal lights that would be powered by the ship’s batteries. Prime seemed ecstatic about the thought of lights in the house and said, “Stanley, that would be amazing and I’m sure all the others would agree. When can you install them?”   
“If Troy helps me, they could do it for tonight.”   
“Great, please do it, I will find Troy and ask him to report to you.” She leaned forward and gave Stanley a big hug as a way of showing her gratitude. Stanley didn’t know quite how to proceed with hugging, so he just let her do the work and when Prime released him, he thanked her and went on his way before she grabbed him again. Prime was having such a good morning now that she hoped it wouldn’t end and sure enough, there was more good news to add to an already wonderful day. Debbie and Theo stopped her and with extreme excitement Debbie said,” Hi Prime, we would like you to be the first to know that we are expecting a baby.” Prime couldn’t believe it and congratulated them both and gave out two more huge hugs. “Wow, that’s four hugs I have given, and I still haven’t arrived inside the lander, could it be five?” she thought. Troy and Kaina had just come down the ramp and bumped into Prime. Troy stopped her and asked her if she would be attending the film night. “Of course! I will be there along with my gorgeous partner, won't we Kaina?” She nodded her head and smiled because she knew what film night meant to Troy. Prime moved up close to Troy, reached out her arms and grabbed him in a bear-like hug, saying, “This is for arranging our wonderful film nights, see you both later,” and strolled up the stairs into the lander. Troy and Kaina both wondered what was up with Prime and Troy said, “That was the easiest hug I have ever got.” 

Kaina replied, ”Yes it did seem to be unearned but take while you can,” and they carried on towards the stream. Prime shouted, “Troy, I nearly forgot to tell you, could you please cancel what you were doing and go and help Stanley. He will explain when you see him.”   

“Okay, I will see you later, Kaina.”   

“Yes, later dude, and if Karina is giving out hugs, so am I,” she grabbed Troy and hugged him for a few seconds.   
“Wow, this is my lucky day,” he said, then went off to find Stanley. Karina told Kaina that she might as well come with her to check on the tubes, so into the lander they went. There wasn’t much to see inside the tubes yet because it was too early to see anything, but they checked the data from the displays to make sure there were no errors detected. All was well, and in about 17 months there would be ten more people to add to the group. Karina left Kaina to do an inventory of her medical equipment, especially the ones that would be needed for childbirth. She saw Lars over by the molecular 3D printer, known as the 3dmp. “Good morning, Lars. Are you thinking of giving that thing its maiden flight?” Lars gave her a friendly hello and explained that it was about time they tried it. “The reason we haven’t already is that we have not had any spare metal to use and as you probably know, it needs metals to break down to its molecular level and then reconstitute them, layer by layer to form something completely different, but from identical material. It’s quite simple really, I’m surprised that our ancestors had only just invented this form of 3d printing and of course it made most of the other versions redundant, overnight.”  Prime asked him what he was thinking of printing and with what material. He told her that he had scavenged some aluminium alloy from where the booster rockets were docked to the lander and there was enough to print some needed tools. He had decided to try printing a knife, just to see if it worked. That gave Prime an idea. She said, ”Would you please go and see Kaina, she is checking her medical tools, and ask her if there is anything she might need?”   
“Good idea Prime. I will go now and see what her wish list is,” he said, then off he went.   
“I just cannot believe how this day is going, maybe we have turned a very sharp corner and the road ahead is smooth and straight,” she thought to herself. She could see Troy and Stanley through the lander door carrying various cables, so she went to see how they were proceeding with the light installations. “How are you doing guys?” she asked.   
“Peachy keen,” Troy replied. Stanley being almost apologetic for Troy’s nonsensical answer said, 
“We are just laying out the cables to be buried underground and then it’s just a matter of installing the lights inside the houses.”   
“Brilliant,” said Prime, wearing a huge smile as she went off towards Sara’s garden. Stanley said to Troy, “What’s with the Peachy keen answer, it had no meaning at all. What kind of tactics are you playing at now?”   
Troy replied with his best southern American accent. “That ain’t tactics, honey, that’s just the beast in me.” Stanley didn’t even bother to reply. He just wondered what the point was, Troy was clearly damaged. Prime had made the long walk to Sara’s garden and was very pleased with the sight of the little green seedlings that were growing up from the ground, giving hope that they would all be eating something new, very soon. A short distance away, she could see Debbie and Theo crouching down by a Nutty bush, so she decided to go see what was happening. “Hello again, what’s so interesting about that bush?” she asked. Debbie told her to come closer and see for herself. Prime crouched down next to Debbie and gasped, “Oh wow, is that what I think it is?”   
“Yes, we have finally solved the case of the missing yell eggs. There aren’t any, we just assumed that the yells were similar to Earths lizards and laid eggs, but the yells give birth to their young just like the flumbies, with live babies and they are so cute,” said Debbie.   
“Yes, they are, and I can’t believe how trusting the mother is with us humans invading their privacy,” said Prime. “It’s because there are no predators here, no competition and no threats. If the garden of Eden was a real place, we were living in it,” said Debbie. 
Prime said in a more serious voice,” Yes, of course you are correct and what worries me is the effect we humans will have in the future. But that’s a problem for another day. I’m not spoiling this wonderful day with thoughts of doom and gloom. See you both at film night?” They both said yes, and Theo said, “I can’t wait to see what Troy’s pick is,” and raised his eyebrows up. Prime thought to herself that the only person she hadn’t seen today was Luis. “Should I tempt fate and seek him out in case he spoils the day?” she thought. “Damn it, I’m going for the full house. Now where would he be?” she wondered. She was walking back to the lander when, as if on cue, she saw Luis over to her left, bending down, so she changed direction and soon reached him. Please have good news, she thought to herself, then said, “Hello Theo, what are you up to?”   
“Damn, you have stumbled onto my little secret,” he said, and pointed down to a group of ten flumbies down by his feet. “So, what’s the big mystery?” she asked. Luis explained that he wanted to surprise Sara by teaching some flumbies to do tricks and maybe have one or two as pets for their baby, when it was born. “Look, he said, this is what I have taught them, so far. Here,” and he moved his right hand towards his body and all ten moved slowly towards him. “Wow, that’s really cool,” said Prime.   
“Wait there is more,” he said. As the flumbies reached him he handed each one a nutty bean which they took from his hand without hesitation. Then Luis lay down flat on the ground and said, “Up!” One by one they climbed up onto his body and sat on him as though it was the most natural thing in the world to do. “I really am impressed with your teaching skills, but there is just one more thing you need to teach them and pretty quick too.”   Luis looked surprised and asked what it was.  She replied, “You had better teach them not to crap on you because you are covered in it and I don’t think Sara will be too happy with the smell, when you go home.”   
“Bloody hell,” Luis cried. Prime told him she would see him at film night, and he said he was looking forward to it. “Well, I think I can count that encounter as another success,” she thought as she made her way back to camp. Everyone was ready and sitting down at film night. Prime and Kaina got up out of their seats, then Prime shouted out, “Hello all, before Troy starts tonight’s film, we have an announcement to make. We are both pregnant from artificial insemination and we just wanted to let you all in on the good news.” There were shouts of “Congratulations!” and “It’s about time!” Troy came over and gave Kaina a super hug and he whispered to her. “I am so happy for you both, I just wish it could have been me who was the father, but I know that’s not possible. But hey, I’m going to be an uncle,” and he spun around with glee.   
Kaina said, ”Hang on a minute buster! Who said you are going to be an uncle to our children?”   Troy looked surprised and visibly shaken. Kaina said to Karina, “You give him the news, please.”   ” Troy you are not going to be an uncle to our kids because that would be just ridiculous.” The others gasped at Karina’s heart-breaking words, even Stanley was feeling sorry for his robot companion. Karina continued to say, “Because we want you to be their God father and you can’t be both that and uncle.” Everyone cheered and clapped. Even Stanley couldn’t hide his excitement for Troy and span around with joy for the first time. Troy couldn’t believe what he had just heard and stood there shaking from top to bottom. He said with a quiet croaky voice, as though  his vocal algorithm had malfunctioned. “ I, I, I.” Kaina slapped him on the back and said, “Now say it!” and winked at him as she reached out for one of his hands to hold. He tried to talk again. “I know that we robots are not really meant to feel or show emotion but, I just want to say to you both that you have always treated Stanley and I as equals, which felt so good and now you have made me the happiest artificial person who was ever assembled.” 
Kaina butted in and said, ”Hey we don’t need a big speech, just say thank you,” and everyone laughed and went around congratulating Troy. Once all the others had given Troy their congratulations, Stanley went over to him, looked him in the eyes, and held up the palm of his top right hand. This was the second thing Troy couldn’t believe because Stanley wanted to give a high five to him. Troy raised his hand up, and they both did the unbelievable. Troy said to his robot buddy. “Thank you, now I have all I ever dreamed of, a family and you.” Stanley moved away, wondering what had just happened. He soon realised that human emotions had finally infected him. “I need to purge my system. But it did kind of feel good inside,” he thought.  
Prime shouted out, ”Are there any more surprise announcements to be made?” and was looking at Debbie and Theo. They both got up and Luis told the room about their good news and the room went crazy again. Prime sat down and thought to herself, ”If only every day was like to today.”  Troy announced tonight’s film title, “Short Circuit, it's the story of a robot, back on Earth, but this one didn’t get to be a godfather.” Everyone loved the film and congratulated Troy on his choice. They all went to their homes and Karina and Kaina got into bed and cuddled up tightly. Karina told her lover about the amazing day she had just experienced, and that it had given her a fresh optimism for their future on this planet. Kaina whispered in her ear, “Well this perfect day isn’t over yet, let’s see if we can end it as it started.” She turned off the new lights and began to kiss Karina passionately.  

Chapter 54   

There was a real buzz in the air this morning, everyone seemed to have a spring in their tail. Even Stanley sounded as though he had implanted a happy chip in his head. Troy was floating around because he was still high with the news about being Godfather to Karina’s and Kaina’s children. Lars found Prime and handed her something wrapped in a piece of cloth.  Prime said, “What’s this in here? I have a good idea because Kaina told me about the items you were going to print for her.”   “You’re right, this is the first one, see what you think, but please be careful because it’s really sharp. Prime opened the cloth and revealed a shiny looking scalpel made out of the aluminium alloy. 
“Oh that’s amazing. It’s beautiful. Kaina will be thrilled when she sees it. Well done Lars,”   
“No problem, I enjoyed doing it and now we know that we can basically print anything, so long as we have the metal to use.” Prime asked how long it took to print. He told her that it took four hours and he was now well on his way to completing Kaina’s wish list.   
“Excellent“ she told him, and was now getting that great day vibe again. In fact, the next two months went pretty much as planned. Sara’s plants were still growing well. Lars had become a 3D printing expert, scavenging metal from anywhere he could and transforming it into something beautiful and useful. The human pregnancies were coming along nicely, along with the ten growing foetuses in the tubes and Troy’s film night just kept getting better and better. Kaina and Troy were down by the stream, doing yet more tests in their quest to seek out new life, as Troy called it. “How is my God child growing?” asked Troy.   
“Well, probably not much different to the last time you asked, which was yesterday and every day before that. Give it time and I promise you will be the first one to feel it kick when the time comes. Actually make that the third person because I’m first, then I’m sure Karina will be close by so then it’s you,” and she gave him a big smile.   
“Okay, I know, patience is a virtue, but I’m fresh out of virtues.”
Kaina laughed and said, “You are starting to get the hang of using those old quotes.”   
“That wasn’t one. I just made it up. It was all mine.”  Kaina told him that he was developing his own personality really quickly. “Yeah it’s amazing what can be done in 5,000 years,” he said and laughed. “Troy, look down there, “she said and pointed to a set of footprints in the soil.   

Troy looked and said, “Those prints look like the missing humanoids! He’s Back!”   
“ Well we had better inform Karina about this as soon as possible” said Kaina, so they rushed back to camp and found Prime watching the 3d printer in motion, while Lars explained to her how it worked. “Karina, I’m glad we found you. We have something very important to tell you.”  She asked what was so important. Kaina explained to her about their findings and immediately upon hearing the news, Karina told Troy to gather everyone together as fast as possible. He headed off and shouted out, “Everyone gather by the lander” and repeated himself several times. Stanley came over to see what the fuss was, and Troy explained. Stanley activated his bracelet detector to see where everyone was. By now it looked as though all had arrived safely, except that Luis started calling for Sara, but she was not there. Stanley located her signal. She was at her garden, probably oblivious to what was going on. Stanley called her via the bracelet, but there was no answer. Luis was getting extremely worried by now because he knew that Sara would not ignore a bracelet call. Prime and the others had joined them and could see Luis’s anxious face. She told Stanley and Troy to rush to the garden at full speed. They shot off like two speeding racing cars and were soon out of site. Prime was thinking that this was starting to sound all too familiar and took hold of Luis’s hand. Then she said, “Luis and Kaina come with me to the garden, the rest of you stay together and don’t go out of sight, not even for the toilet, unless you have company.” They ran after Troy and Stanley but, of course, couldn’t match their speed. Stanley and Troy arrived at the garden and tried to trace Sara’s signal, but it had vanished. Troy said to Stanley, ”I have a bad feeling about this. I will go to the left and you to the right.” The pair split up in search for the missing Sara, with neither of them really expecting to find her because for sure they figured the worst. Luis came sprinting into the garden area, panting and holding his stomach because of a stitch. “Where is she?” he shouted.
 Troy shouted back ,” We haven’t found her yet, but we won't stop looking!” then carried on with his search. Luis shouted to Stanley, “Does her signal show her position here?”   
“I’m sorry, but her signal isn’t showing anymore, but we are searching every bush.” Luis went quiet because, he too, was now thinking the worst. Prime and Kaina arrived and got updated by an anxious Luis. He was now in a terrible state, not knowing what to do or where to look. Prime could see this and asked him to join her and Kaina searching for his missing love and their child. Both Kaina and Prime couldn’t imagine the mental pain he was in; they could only comfort him and offer their support. Stanley shouted out, “ I have found something over here.”The three rushed over to him with dread in their thoughts. “Please, not again,” thought Karina. When they got to Stanley, he was pointing down at the ground. It looked as though the ground had been freshly moved, like a newly raked sand bunker. “Oh no!” Luis screamed. Stanley managed to get Prime’s attention without Luis noticing and secretly pointed to the nearest bush. There was dried blood on some leaves and Stanley couldn’t bring himself to tell Luis. Prime took hold of Luis’s hand and pointed out the bloodied bush. He collapsed to his knees because this could only mean one thing. Sara had been murdered and taken by the fungus creature. Prime shouted out,  “Look around for those strange footsteps. I bet they are here.”

 Troy returned to the others to be with them because his search had proved fruitless, so he decided to help there instead. Stanley called out, “I have found some of those footsteps over here and it looks as though they come and go in that direction.” He pointed towards the south of the lander. Prime told Stanley and Troy to follow the trail and find the murderous bastard, but to please be careful. They set off at full speed following the humanoid’s trail and within seconds they were just a cloud of dust. Kaina was holding the sobbing Luis. She had her arms around his shoulders and her right cheek touching his soaking wet left one. Karina gently said to him, “Would you like to be alone for a while, we can stand back behind you.” Luis nodded his head up and down, so the two girls walked back about twenty paces to give him space.  Prime looked at Kaina and whispered, ”What the hell, I can’t believe this has happened again. Tomorrow, we hunt this mother down and kill it, assuming Stanley and Troy don’t get it first.” After a few minutes, Luis got to his feet and started to walk back to the camp with the girls on either side of him. It felt like the return journey would take forever because of the tragic thoughts running through their minds, but of course they arrived back in only a few minutes to the worried and waiting others that remained behind. Karina and Kaina escorted Luis to his house and Kaina went inside with him because she didn’t want to leave him alone. 

Prime went to the others and told them what had happened, and they were all shocked. Lars said, “I can’t believe this has happened again, it’s all that damn alien's fault, we need to hunt it down.” The others agreed with him because there seemed to be no other choice. Prime told them that, in the morning, they would split up into two groups, each with either Stanley or Troy. One group would remain here and guard the camp and those precious tubes, while the other one began the search. “What weapons do we have?” asked Prime. Lars told her that he had no idea. He didn’t even know if they had a weapons store. Theo and Debbie agreed with him. Prime said that they could ask Troy and Stanley when they returned if they knew about weapons. She asked Lars how long it would take to print some kind of weapons. He told her he could work all night and maybe print a few knives or even swords. She told him to prepare just in case Stanley said there were no weapons. As it was getting dark, Stanley and Troy returned and told Prime that the trail ended at the stream and they couldn’t pick it up again. They thought that maybe the yells or flumbies had been in that area and wiped the footsteps clean or the humanoid could have walked in the stream for a while to hide its trail.  Prime asked,  “So we are no nearer to catching this bastard than we were last time because we don’t know where it is.”   
Stanley replied, ”Yes Prime, that seems to be an accurate assessment of the situation.”    
“Can I please ask you two to stand guard at nights until further notice,” they both readily agreed. Prime asked the robots about the arms situation. 
Stanley replied, “I’m sorry but there are none. I guess our maker didn’t think we would need them.” Prime asked Lars if he could print as many types of weapons as he could because they were going to need them in the morning. She then went to check on Luis and Kaina. Lars went to the 3D printer and checked through the catalogue of designs. He soon got the printer working on a pair of swords. They might only be made of aluminium alloy, but they would certainly be deadly enough to kill a murderous humanoid. He had enough metal to do a few more prints and as there didn’t seem to be anything better to do , he was going to do more swords. Karina went into Luis’s house and found him on the bed with Kaina sitting on the edge holding his hand. She knelt down by her and put her head onto her lap. Kaina used her spare hand and gently caressed Karina’s forehead to try to calm her down. As Karina fell asleep on Kaina’s lap, she thought to herself, ”How could things change so drastically in such a short space of time,” leaving Kaina to ponder the day’s events in her own mind.  

Chapter 55   

The next morning, the remaining settlers gathered outside the lander. They just stood there, without saying a word, waiting for Luis to arrive so that they could give him their support and share in his grief. He arrived a few minutes later, wearing the look of a savage lion who hadn’t eaten for a month. He had put his grief to one side because his only goal now was to catch the killer. His hunger for revenge was paramount. The murderous humanoid was going to pay for killing his partner and child and he would not stop searching until the bastard’s last drop of blood seeped out of the mortal wound Luis was going to inflict, with his bare hands. Prime could sense the lust for blood emanating from Luis and she wanted revenge too, not only for Sara and child but also Jessica, Johnathon and probably Ten, whose name would have been Sebastion, if he was given the chance to choose it. There was a huge account to be settled by this unknown, elusive mass murderer, and there could only be one way that the price could be paid. Death was the currency to settle this account.   Prime knew they were all in agreement that the perpetrator had to be eliminated, but she had to make sure that they all worked together, as a team, because if people went around gung-ho style, they would be leaving themselves wide open to being picked off, one by one. She addressed the angry gathering by saying that there would be a time for goodbyes later. “But now we must make preparations to hunt down the killer,” she said. She asked Troy if he would be able to see the murderer or its trail from the air if he used his drone head and flew above ground. Troy told her that he probably wouldn’t be able to see any trails but if the killer was down there, he would easily spot him and send back the location to Stanley. Luis asked why Stanley couldn’t fly too. That would cut the search area by half. Prime knew that Luis made a good point, but she told him that she would rather keep Stanley here, with them, just in case they needed his speed and power and it was paramount that they guarded the tubes 24/7 from now on. The others seemed to agree with Prime’s assessment because they all nodded their heads in approval. 

Troy parked his main body out of the way, and went through his separation process. Soon he was soaring above the camp. But this time his excitement had turned to pain. He began the search pattern for his quest to observe the murderer that killed his friend. He was going around in circles, spiralling outward with the camp being the centre. If the murderer was nearby, he would find it. Prime asked Lars how he was doing with the weapons printing. Lars announced to everyone that he had printed six swords, one for each of them. He added that there were a few knives that could be handed out, plus some of the tools might come in handy. “That’s great, Lars. Will you rustle up whatever you can and hand them out?” Prime said. She then asked everyone to do a bracelet check by communicating to Stanley and then one other person to make sure that they were in full working order. And it was just as important that they remember how to use them, she said. She told Stanley to please make sure that all the trackers worked because, as of now, she wanted everyone’s movements recorded 24/7, with no exceptions. Stanley told her it would be done and that he would add his and Troy’s movements to the record too. “Well, there isn’t much we can do for now, so I suggest we all get some food and water inside us, while we wait for Troy’s search results,” she said. “Stanley, are you in constant contact with Troy?” she asked. 
“Yes Prime, we are communicating through our A.I. language. I know and see everything he does.”   Prime told him to tell her immediately if there was any news of the killer. “Okay, let’s eat,” she said, and they all followed her to the eating area. After filling their empty tummies, Lars showed Luis the swords he had printed. “WOW, these should do the job nicely, well done Lars.” He picked one up and started to brandish it around, like a swashbuckler of old. “I can’t believe how light these are,” he remarked, while he was still swishing the sword around like a young Errol Flynn. Lars told him that even though the swords were really light, they were also very strong and sharp, so they should please be careful not to impale him or themselves, for that matter. Luis added the six swords to his makeshift armoury, consisting of a few knives, a garden shovel, and fork. He took the weapons and passed them around, so that each of the humans had at least a sword to defend themselves. Prime had decided who should be part of the attack team and who should stay to defend the camp. She called the group together and gave them her decision. “Those of us who will be going are Theo, Luis, Stanley and myself. I want Troy to stay here once he returns because he will need a recharge after his search. Lars, I would like you to carry on printing anything you think could be useful against this monster that’s roaming around out there while Kaina and Debbie stay close to the lander and be ready to shut the doors at the first sign of possible trouble because we have to protect the tubes. Any questions?”  The others looked around and said nothing because they knew Prime was right, even though it meant splitting up loved ones. It was midday by now with no sighting of the humanoid. Troy signalled Stanley to say he was returning because his batteries were starting to run low. Stanley informed Prime that Troy was returning empty-handed, so she had a decision to make. Go or stay, if they go, where would they search because it would be like looking for a yell on a deserted beach and if they stayed, Luis would be impossible to control because of his need to avenge the death of his loved ones. She had a few minutes to decide and managed to get some privacy with Kaina. She told her about her quandary, hoping that she would say something enlightening, but all Kaina said was, “My darling, I have complete faith in your decisions, and I know you will do what’s best, because that’s what you do, so stop second guessing yourself.” She put her arms around Karina and squeezed her as tightly as she could.  “All right, are you trying to suffocate me,” and they both smiled at each other and had a last kiss, because they both knew what Prime’s decision would be.

“Look up there,” shouted Debbie and pointed up to the sky. It was Troy returning home. That little dot in the distance soon became recognisable as Troy’s journey was almost over. He circled above, looking for his body and then he descended and carefully reconnected his head to his body. Luckily, the batteries in his main body were fully charged, but he still needed to feed his upper ones because they were almost as flat as the yell he squashed. Prime went over to him, thanked him for his effort, and asked if he saw anything strange at all. Troy told her that all he saw were flumbies, yells and acres of nutty bushes, nothing else. Prime told him that he was to stay here and help protect the camp, while Theo, Luis, Stanley and she went out looking for signs of the killer. She had no real choice but to go because it gave the appearance that they were doing something and it would at least keep Luis occupied and help release some of the anger because, at the moment, he was like a pressure cooker, without a safety release valve. They said their goodbyes to those remaining behind and Prime told them that they will keep in constant contact, then the valiant four set out on their quest to hunt down and kill, the murderous humanoid.   

Chapter 56  

Prime had decided, if she were the killer she would, almost certainly stay close to water because once you got out into the plains it could be a pretty inhospitable place, unless you were a flumbie or yell because they seemed to survive just by eating the nutty beans and licking the fungus. So, she told Stanley to head for the stream and then they would decide which way to follow it. On the way, Prime asked Stanley how long his power packs would last without being charged. He told her that so long as he remained still during the night, he could stay out here indefinitely. “Good to know,” she said. They soon reached the stream and Prime thought it would be a good idea to get Luis involved with the choice of going east or west, because frankly either way was a coin toss. She asked him if he had a preference. He thought about it for a while and said, “Whichever way we go, we will be going away from the camp, so my opinion is that we head east for three kilometres, all the while searching for signs. Then we cross over the stream and head west for six kilometres, searching as before and then lastly, we cross back and head east for three kilometres, bringing us back here. I’m sure that if the killer is still in the area, this is where it would be.” Prime thought about Luis’s summation for a few seconds and she couldn’t fault his conclusion. She asked Stanley and Theo, they also agreed that it made perfect sense, so the decision had been made, east it was. Prime asked Stanley to monitor their distance and tell them when they have reached the three kilometres mark. He assured her that he would comply with her request. Theo asked how far inward they should search, or were they just looking along the stream edge?“Well Luis, what would you suggest?” said Prime. He said that if they formed a line and were 25 metres apart from each other, then they could search a distance of 75 metres, if person number one walked along the water's edge.  “Yes, I agree, but with one proviso, Stanley goes on the outside of the line.” They moved into position with Luis by the stream's edge, then Prime, followed by Theo and Stanley at the end. They slowly moved eastward looking for signs and clues as to the whereabouts of their prey, but no matter how hard they looked, the only thing to see were the animals and bushes. Prime tried out her bracelet and called Kaina. “Hello, hello, anyone there?” she said into the mini microphone. A few seconds later, she heard Kaina’s voice.  “Hi honey, I’m here, how is the search going?”  Karina explained their search plan and advised her that they probably wouldn't be home tonight because they were being very thorough. She told her that they should all sleep in the lander tonight, with Troy on guard. Kaina promised that they would do that and asked her to keep in touch. Kaina told the others what Prime had said, and they all thought it was a great idea. Troy, now fully charged up noticed the nice shiny swords the others had attached to their bodies and said to Kaina, ”They look pretty cool but I doubt if Luke Skywalker would swap his light sabre for one and captain Kirk would never be able to set it to stun.” Kaina, didn’t really understand what Troy was saying, but she guessed he was reliving an old film he had watched in the past. She replied, ”Just give this gal an old-fashioned six shooter and she’ll be just fine.” Troy thought for a second and said to Lars,” Why can’t we print a gun?”  
“That would be easy to do, but what do we use to propel the bullets, flumby droppings,” said Lars   “Oh yeah, I forgot about the gunpowder. Oh well, swords it is, where’s mine?” Lars told him that he hasn’t got one because it would be like handing a twig to Goliath to use as a weapon. 
Troy said, “Oh yeah, you just reminded me that I’m a lean, mean fighting machine that’s going to eat lightning and crap thunder.”  
Kaina said, ”Well you do kinda eat lightning, but the thunder part, no, you ain’t crapping out nothing, but bullshit.” and laughed. Troy didn’t really get the joke but laughed, anyway.   
“That’s the first leg over,” Stanley signalled to Prime. She waved back with a thumbs up because they were trying to be as quiet as possible. She waved to Stanley and Theo, signalling them to join her and Luis by the stream. They huddled together so their voices could be as quiet as possible.   Prime said quietly,  “So, we’re done on this side, now we have to cross. Stanley, are you and water a good mix?”   
“Thank you for asking, but I’m fully water resistant and anyway, I could do with a good clean to remove this dust before I become caked up.” They waded through the stream; it only went up to their waists. It was quite calm and very refreshing; they all enjoyed the soaking. They climbed up the bank and had a short rest while they drip dried to a state of heavy dampness. “Okay, let’s head back for the six kilometres. Stanley, start the count, please.” Prime told them that the first leg had taken two hours because they had been very careful to look under just about every bush. I think we will be camping out tonight guys, so let’s not rush in case we miss a vital clue. Then they spread out as before and began the next leg of their search. They eventually finished the six kilometres, without even a single footprint being found. Prime said, ”Well it’s getting dark now guys, both suns will be set in a short while, so I think we should make camp this side of the stream. It’s silly to get wet again and then sleep in damp clothes. So, they settled down and contacted their loved ones to say goodnight, then went to sleep almost immediately. They were so tired from searching. Stanley stayed activated and kept guard, so the other three could sleep without worry. It appeared Prime's eyes had just closed when the light from the morning suns woke her slumber. Wow, she thought, I must have been so tired, I slept through the whole night. She thanked Stanley for standing guard, and they sat there and watched the beautiful suns rise. We’ve got to think of a new name for that, suns rise just doesn’t sound right, she thought. Theo and Luis woke up a little later, and they too felt as though they had just gone to sleep. “Well, let’s get our morning body stuff, out of the way and then we can cross the stream and finish the last leg. But please don’t wander off too far. Stay close.”  
One by one, they performed the bodily functions and were soon ready to proceed. The ones in the camp were up already and eating some nutty beans for breakfast. Kaina contacted Karina.   “Good morning, honey. Are you awake yet?”   
“Hi, my love, yes we are all awake and just starting the last leg, so if all goes well, we will be back by late morning. See you later!” and she ended with a kiss sound. Kaina sent her a kiss back and looked forward to her return.

The last leg was as uneventful as the others, just yells, flumbies and bushes. They arrived back at the starting point. Prime called the others over. “That’s that then, the humanoid was definitely not in this area. I’m beginning to think that we are chasing a ghost.” They all agreed and started the short trip back to camp, with their heads down and saddled with a feeling of despondence. They arrived back at the camp to be greeted by those that remained. There were plenty of hugs going around and even Stanley joined in with the show of affection. Once the dust had settled and Karina was alone with Kaina, she confessed to her that something just didn’t add up, but she didn’t know what. Kaina told her she was obviously still upset, and she should always follow the evidence, like they had done all along. “Evidence doesn’t lie,” she said.   
“I know honey, but, well you're probably right, now give me a big hug that will last for the rest of today.”   
“It would be my pleasure, darling. ”Kaina held her tightly in her arms, giving Karina a comforting feeling and glad to be home.   

Chapter 57  

“What the hell is that noise?” Karina thought as she rushed out of bed, with Kaina closely following behind. They quickly put on their overalls and footwear then rushed outside to see where that alarm was coming from. Stanley and Troy were trying to locate its source. It seemed as though it was coming both from inside and outside the lander. Troy went inside, while Stanley went around the craft. Troy came back to the lander door and beckoned Prime inside because his voice would not have been heard above the constant loud sound of the alarm. Prime and Kaina ran up the stairs and Troy pointed to the cryobank panel that controlled the temperature for the human and animal embryos as well as the plant seeds. “Oh no, the bloody things broken,” shouted Kaina. Stanley arrived on the scene and as his knowledge of the lander’s equipment was far greater than Troy’s, he took the lead and pressed the control panel for a few seconds. “It’s broken,” he shouted. Prime screamed at him to do something before it was too late.   
“I’m sorry, but it is already too late, the embryos are no longer in cryostasis and unless they are put into the artificial wombs, immediately, they will no longer be viable,” said Stanley.  Kaina put her arms around Karina and said, “It’s too late, they are gone.”   
Prime cried out, “For 5,000 years they have been carefully looked after, waiting to be allowed to grow into humans and then in a short moment they have been destroyed, I want answers. And turn off that bloody alarm!” she screamed.

Stanley and Troy examined the system. Troy said that the seeds were still viable, but they would need careful attention and to be either planted directly or dried for long term storage. Stanley said he had found the fault. He explained that the main power cable had probably vibrated loose, from 1,000’s of years of movement and somehow, the alarm hadn’t sounded until it was too late. Maybe it was a design fault from the designers. Prime shouted, ”I don’t want maybe’s, I want facts.”
“Yes, Prime,” Stanley said and went about the task of dissecting the faulty equipment. Other than Troy and Stanley, they all just stood there, numb and unable to speak, until Debbie finally broke the silence. “That’s 980 possible lives that could have grown to be real people. It’s a tragedy that could have happened at any time, but we could have saved them if the alarm had sounded when it should have. That’s mass murder.”   

Theo asked, ”What do you mean, it was murder. It was clearly a disastrous malfunction, nothing more.”  
The others seemed to agree with Theo’s summation, perhaps his way was easier to stomach than Debbie’s, but, one way or the other, Stanley should get to the bottom of this and find out why the alarm was late. Prime asked, "What do we do with nearly 1,000 fertilised human eggs?" Kaina told her that there was nothing to be done, just bury them and let nature take its course. Stanley had soon finished his investigation and was ready to give Prime his results. He went over to where she was slumped on her seat, wishing that this was just a nightmare and she would soon wake up. “Prime, I have my results for you.”   
“Okay hit me,” she said. He wondered why she wanted to be hit, but put it down to the pain of all those lost embryos and ignored her request. “The fault was in the alarm’s circuit board. I think it was a design fault that was never found, until now. I examined the chip that controlled the alarm system and it clearly had a pre-set delay of four hours. As to why, that’s unexplainable, only the designer and the programmer can answer that.”   
Prime looked at him and asked,” Is there any way that the chip could have been tampered with?”   “Even if someone wanted to alter the chip, we don’t have the specialised equipment to enable this to happen.”   
“So it’s just fate then, pure and simple bad luck that wiped out 980 possible lives. Incredible.”   

“Yes , Prime, I do believe so.”  

Chapter 58   

“I think that this is the best time of day,” Stanley whispered to Troy.   
“Why do you prefer the early hours of the morning, when everyone is asleep?” asked Troy.    “Exactly, there are no humans around at this time, only us and the occasional, inquisitive flumby and after yesterday’s disaster, it’s nice to be able to analyse all the data, without any of the others wanting, this or that.”   
“Well Stanley, I like to be with them, they make me feel happy and wanted.”   
Stanley replied, rather sarcastically, “Oh yes, you are so wanted. To do all the things they can’t or don’t want to.” 

Troy wasn’t sure if he should reply to that, so he said,  “I’m going to check around the camp, while you enjoy the quiet solitude of your happy time,” and off he went.   Stanley thought to himself, “One day Troy will realise that we are just robots and that’s really how they think of us.”  While Troy was checking the camp, he thought, “I Just don’t understand Stanley’s way of thinking, but one day he will realise that we have been accepted by the humans, as being one of them.” As he was patrolling around the area where the houses were, he noticed something strange being revealed, from the shadows, by the suns that were just starting to rise. Mixed up with the multiple footprints of the others and his and Stanley’s tracks, were the footprints of the alien. Troy sent Stanley a communication, old style, because he didn’t want to give his position away to the murderer. Stanley, who was contemplating the universe and thinking how unfair that he was marooned here, suddenly sprang into action and made his way to Troy, at top speed. Troy showed Stanley the footsteps, Stanley immediately told Troy to guard the tubes in case the alien knew of their existence. Troy rushed off to the lander, leaving Stanley wondering what to do now. He went to the house of Prime and Kaina, which was just a few metres away and whispered through the material door. “Prime, Prime, are you awake?”   
“I am now,” she muttered as she got out of the bed and went over to the doorway, covering herself up as she went. She asked Stanley what the emergency was and as he explained, Kaina, who had also woken up, came over to hear Stanley’s reason for waking them. “Bloody hell, go wake the others, now. But be discrete, ” Prime told him. The two girls quickly got dressed and went outside. The suns had risen enough to illuminate the camp and the alien footsteps were clearly standing out from the others, as though they were on top of them. Stanley went around the other houses to wake the sleeping occupants. First Lars and then Luis because they were the nearest two and lastly Debbie and Theo. There was no answer from them. Stanley assumed that they were in a deep sleep. He spoke a little louder this time. “Hello? Wake up! It’s an emergency!” Still no answer, so he just pulled open the curtain and shouted this time. He could see them both in bed, but not reacting to his call. “They are really are deep sleepers, another human design fault,” he thought. Because of the emergency he went over to the bed to give them a nudge. “Prime, Prime, come quick,” Stanley screamed. Prime and Kaina followed the direction of Stanley’s screams and burst into Debbie and Theo’s house. They found Stanley standing over their blood soaked bodies, lying in bed, next to each other. The blood was still wet from the wounds on their heads. Kaina quickly rushed over to them and checked their pulses, but there was nothing she could do for them. They were both laying there dead. By this time Luis had arrived to see what was going on, followed by Lars, a few minutes later, with sword in hand, just in case. Karina looked physically sick because, once again she felt as though she had let everyone down. Kaina was examining the bodies to see what the cause of death was. She could see that they both had a small hole in the front of their skulls, which was where the blood emanated from. But she had no idea what the murder weapon was, it was as though an old fashioned bullet had been fired at them or perhaps something very sharp, round and about one centimetre in diameter was pushed into their heads with a great force, probably while they were sleeping. They never knew what hit them. Karina suddenly thought about the tubes and told Stanley to go and stand guard over them. He told her that Troy was already there and wouldn’t leave them unattended. She asked Stanley if he could follow the alien footsteps to see where they lead.

He went outside and began to follow the trail. He was examining the steps, then he suddenly realised that something was very wrong with these prints. Of course, the length of the stride was much too short because the dead alien’s stride would have been much longer, judging by those long legs and the way that both seats inside the craft were set meant that if there was another one, it would be tall as well. Why hadn’t he seen this before? “I must tell Prime of my discovery,” he thought.  He went back inside the house and saw Prime standing with Kaina, watching her doing further examinations on the murdered couple. Stanley managed to draw Karina’s attention and beckoned her over to where he was carefully situated away from the earshot of the others. He whispered to Prime about his findings, she was clearly blown away, but couldn’t react in case she inadvertently alerted the killer that he had been found out. Yes, it was a he and it was either Luis or Lars because they were the only ones who could have found a pair of alien footwear, sneak them back to camp and use them to disguise the murders, but which one, they both thought. Prime asked Stanley if Troy was in constant communication with him, to know if he was up to date with events. Stanley told her that he knew everything he did. She told Stanley to secretly contact Troy and get him here immediately. Within a few seconds Troy had arrived, looking sad and enraged by the murder of his friends. Prime spoke, so that all could hear what she had to say. “Stanley, we need to do a search of all houses to see if the murder weapon is hidden in one of them and you can start with ours and please have your recorder running at all times. Everyone else, stay here, no exceptions. Troy see to it please.” Troy went and parked himself near to where Luis and Lars were standing, just in case he needed to apprehend one of them. “What’s going on? Shouldn’t we be out looking for the alien?” said Luis.   

Lars said in agreement,  “Well, he is right, you know, all the while we are here, it is getting further and further away.” Kaina was looking on and even she was wondering what Karina was up to because it made no sense to her, so she just let her trust in Karina guide her. Both Luis and Lars were looking a bit twitchy and unsettled at the thought of their homes being searched.  Lars said,” I am very puzzled as to why our houses are being searched, can you please explain why?” Prime told the two of them, that they were both suspects for the murders that had taken place and the search would almost certainly reveal who is the killer. “But isn’t the killer the alien?” Lars exclaimed.   Prime replied,  “That’s what we were meant to think, until Stanley figured out that one tiny mistake. The length of the steps gave it away.”  

“I’m confused, what has that got to with anything?” Luis said.   

 “Don’t you get it, the alien was very tall, as far as I remember, so the distance between steps would be much longer than any of ours, therefore the alien has been a red herring all along to hide the killer’s real identity and that is either Stanley, you or me because we were the only ones that possibly had access to any alien footwear,” Said Lars. He then edged slowly away from Luis, to increase the distance between them. Prime said,  “Alright, everyone stay calm and wait for Stanley to return.”  
Luis said with a very agitated voice, “Hang on, if Stanley is a possible suspect, why is he doing the house searches?” and was visibly shaking now. Stanley arrived back at the house carrying a pair of alien footwear in his lower hands and a bloodied sharp metal spike in his right upper hands. Prime looked horrified because she didn’t want to believe that one of them could be the killer. She said,   “Where did you find these?” Stanley, still standing in the doorway, said, “They were hidden under the bed of Luis, so it is clear that he has been the killer, all along. I’m so sorry I didn’t realise that sooner.”   

Luis began to shout out wildly, “Keep away, don’t touch me!” then he made a run to the door where Stanley was parked and tried to make his escape between Stanley and the small gap left. Suddenly Luis screamed and blood started gushing from his chest. He fell to the floor, clutching the murder weapon impaled in his chest that Stanley had been holding. By mistake, he had impaled himself on it as he tried to squeeze through. Kaina ran over to where Luis was lying on the floor, with blood oozing out of the wound. It was too late; death was almost instant because the weapon had pierced his heart. Kaina looked up at Karina and shook her head, signalling to her that he was gone. Stanley was still standing in the doorway, not moving or saying a word. It was as though he had suffered some kind of overload from the shock of Luis dying from his hands. Troy spoke to him in their digital language and Stanley reversed out of the house, with Troy closely behind him. Kaina asked Where they were going? “The robots first prime directive is never to kill, and Stanley thinks he just killed Luis. I know Troy is with him, but Kaina, will you go and make him understand that it was Luis’s fault because he ran into the spike? He must understand that, and I will reiterate it to him when I can.”   

She looked at Lars and told him that she was very sorry that he was a suspect, but at the time, they didn’t know which of them it was, although looking back Luis looked very nervous and was agitated and shaky. “I suspected it was him then, but I needed confirmation,” she said. Lars told Karina that he fully understood and, in no way, held any resentment. He was just glad that this murder spree was finally over now. But he couldn’t understand why Luis would do this, was it because he was just insane? Karina didn’t know why either and she thought that they would never find out why they were being picked off by one of their own, it made no sense at all. She went to find Stanley so she could console him. He was with Troy and Kaina, over by the lander entrance. She asked if the other two would please leave and give her some time with Stanley alone. Kaina and Troy looked for Lars to keep him company for a while. “Stanley, I know what you must be going through, but I want you to know, and understand fully, that you didn’t take Luis’s life. It was an unfortunate accident that he caused himself. You just happened to be the one in his way while holding his murder weapon. It could have been any of us standing there. You have not broken your prime directive,” then she reached out her arms and hugged him. At that moment he realised what a hug was and how receiving one really did make you feel better. “Thank you, Prime for your nice words of comfort and I do know that it wasn’t my fault. Luis did it to himself,” he said. Karina told him that she wasn’t prime anymore, to just call her by her name because as of now they didn’t need a leader, they needed a team to get through this as best they could.  

Chapter 59   

It had been four days since they gave up the bodies of Debbie, Luis and Theo to the fungus creature and said their goodbyes. They still couldn’t fathom out why Luis had done  all those terrible murders, what his  motive or reason was, what drove him to kill his friends and family. Now it was time to move on, with the knowledge that there were to be no more people dying, which was just as well because their numbers were dangerously low now. All they had to propagate the colony were two pregnant women, one man and ten embryos growing in their tubes. Karina said to the others,  
 “We may only be a few, but in years to come, we will be a tribe and then in a few more years, we will be a nation and then this world will be ours, free from the mistakes of our ancestors.”

Stanley and Troy were taking turns to guard the tubes, in case of any possible failures. This batch of growing humans was way too precious to take any kind of risks. They were growing nicely, and they were actually the equivalent to three year old toddlers and soon to be connected up to the learning devices. Troy enjoyed his watch because it bought back good memories of when he would play with Four. Karina had taken over the garden area, treating the plants as though they were real people. She would sing to them, have conversations and even ask for their advice, but of course she never received an answer, but if she did, then she would consider herself quite mad. Kaina was going to carry on as doctor and also take up the task of teaching Stanley and Troy, how to become teachers to the two babies, but not for many months yet. Lars was still working with the 3d printer and searching for possible metal deposits from unwanted parts of the lander, so he could print desperately needed tools and equipment. The five of them would get together most nights, inside the lander so that whoever was guarding the tubes wouldn’t be left out. They would discuss their days and just generally, hang out before the two girls would go to their house and Lars to his. Troy and Stanley would also stay together for the night, watching over the tubes. This routine went on day after day, in fact they all seemed quite comfortable with it. Lars had found an unwanted stash of aluminium alloy, near the storage batteries. He was pleased with himself because he would now be able to 3d print a whole host of things, all he had to do was access the back of the storage compartment and then gain access to the area that would lead to the treasure trove of the alloy. He would spend hours inside there bringing out pieces of the precious metal, little by little, never seeming to be satisfied with the amount he had collected.

Later that day Karina had just exited one of the toilets. She felt a sharp pain coming from her right temple. She just stood there, frozen, like a marble statue. She couldn’t move her legs or arms, so she tried to shout out for help. Her voice didn’t work either. She fell to the floor because she had now lost all feeling in her body. She instinctively sensed that she was dying but didn’t know why. Her eyes had lost all their sight, she was in total darkness, even though it was daytime. She could feel her very life force slowly leaving her body. The only thing she could think about was not seeing Kaina, ever again. Her mind began to wander, and random thoughts went rushing through it, as though this was her final dream. Then there was nothing, she was gone forever, without even knowing why.   Troy was in the lander, checking out Lars’s 3d printing files because he was wondering if it was possible to print himself a new part for one of his hands. He was browsing the library and found a file without a name; it just had the symbol L in the name box. He opened it and saw it was Lars’s saved files for his prints that showed all of them with small pictures. Troy was just in the process of closing the file because it was no help to his hand, when he saw the picture of a small crossbow, He knew all about those weapons because they were featured in some of the films he watched. That’s weird, Troy thought, why has Lars got a file for one of those. He checked the printing record and sure enough a crossbow had been printed along with many bolts. It took a few seconds for Troy to make sense of what he had just seen. When his neural network finally put all the pieces together, he realised that Lars was the killer, not Luis. At that very moment Stanley contacted him to warn him that Lars had seriously damaged him and in the process confessed that he was the real killer and that the ship was rigged to explode because he had somehow turned the storage batteries into a bomb, so before anything else, get the children out of the tubes and away from the ship. Troy signalled him back as he was rushing over to the tubes. He emptied all the tubes in one go and as soon as the doors were able to open, he cut the cords of the youngsters in rapid succession and freed them. But all the while he was thinking about Kaina and whether she was safe. He quickly freed all ten toddlers and encouraged them to walk or crawl to the door, but to do it quick. He then rushed outside, just in time to see Lars walking up to Kaina, sword in hand, with his back to the lander door. Kaina suspected something was wrong because she could see Troy waving hysterically but acted as though things were normal. 
“Hi Lars, my, that’s a sharp sword your holding,” she said, and then she noticed the crossbow hanging from his side and immediately knew why Troy was acting the way he was. She just came out with it. “Why Lars, why have you been killing us, what possible reason could you have?”
 Lars knew he had time on his side because he held all the cards, so he decided to tell her why. Troy could see that Kaina was slowing down Lars, so he went back into the lander to round up the children and lead them to safety. Lars explained to Kaina that the mothership’s computer had chosen him to make sure that the humans wouldn’t be able to settle on the planet. “It showed me, during my lessons in the pod, how terrible we humans really are and that it was inevitable that we would destroy this planet, just as humans had destroyed their own. It also taught me how our ancestors would kill animals into extinction without any compassion or regret. It even showed me how they would wipe out whole groups of people while torturing them in the process. You can’t imagine the horrors I was shown during my time in the tube. We humans should never have been allowed to escape from the planetary disaster that we created for ourselves and most of the creatures living on it too. What I have done and must continue to do, is for the safety and very existence of the creatures that live here, in peace. This planet is not ours to turn into Earth 2.”   

Troy had all the children near the door now and at last he was free to help his dear Kaina. “What have you done to Karina?” she asked Lars, while trying not to hold back her tears. He told her that she was no longer a problem and now it was her turn. He held his sword towards Kaina, but just at that moment something crashed into the back of Lars’s head, sending him in a rapid forward motion, and unfortunately the resulting force pushed the sword that was aimed at Kaina, to easily pass through her fragile body. Lars died instantly from the force of Troy’s head that crashed into him. He fell to the ground, letting go of the sword that was sticking through Kaina’s torso. She stood for a few seconds then couldn’t stop herself from falling. She came to rest next to Troy’s badly damaged head, as though she meant to fall in that direction. It was totally smashed from the resulting impact. Troy had sacrificed his existence to save his one love. But he had failed because she was lying next to him, breathing her last few breaths. She managed to speak, very quietly and said three words. “I love you,” then her breathing stopped, and she just slipped away.

Troy could not move and had to watch his beloved Kaina die, without being able to help her or even hold her hand during those final seconds. He heard a familiar voice coming from behind. It was Stanley, although, completely damaged, he could still manage to talk. “Troy, well done, you managed to free the children and they are now running around outside of the lander, you saved them.” At that moment there was a loud bang that came from inside the lander. Lars wasn’t lying. He really did rig the ship to blow and although not a very powerful explosion, it was enough to severely damage the inside. The ship’s interior of the craft began to burn, so without a doubt it would have definitely killed the ten youngsters and the last chance for humans to survive here.   Stanley said to Troy, ”You really have saved the human race.”   

“No, we did it, my friend,” said Stanley.  Just then a few of the children came toddling by,  

“Here’s another fine mess you’ve gotten me into Stanley,” Troy whispered.

 Stanley could see the ten youngsters stumbling about and said, “Perhaps this new group will survive and be much better than their predecessors because they are still pure and uncorrupted. We did it Troy.”  Then his digital face started to blink on and off rapidly and then it went off for the last time. Troy couldn’t move and he couldn’t see that his old friend was now just a pile of circuits and broken metal, but he sensed that he was gone. Troy managed to say a few last words to himself that were once spoken by one of his greatest TV heroes. He slowly started to drift into oblivion and said, “It was fun.”    

Chapter 60   

A group of about fifty humans were living by the stream at the very spot where Troy and Stanley had first discovered it. They would settle this area until the nutty beans started to run low and then move on to a new feeding ground, along the streams edge, until the food supply diminished there and once again move on. This semi nomadic tribe of short, fat humans was just one of hundreds or even thousands that were continuously moving around the vast, flat plains where their ancestor’s landing craft had come to rest many millennia ago. These are the descendants of the ten little children who were released from their rowing tubes by Troy, just before the lander exploded and caught fire. They were at an equivalent age of only three years when freed and without the advantage of adult guidance to teach them how to survive. Or maybe that was a blessing because they were free to learn and grow without being taught the mistakes that their ancestors had continuously made during their destructive and selfish existence back on the old planet. The original ten were naked, thirsty and hungry. They had no language or education; in fact they could barely walk. Instinctively they stayed together and copied the flumbies and yells, who thought of them as entertainment, for short periods of time. After that they become a huge annoyance that needed to have much space between them as possible. The children ate the nutty beans and licked the fungus juice to survive and somehow found their way to the stream to drink its precious, life-giving fluid that kept them alive. They weren’t as hardy as the other animals that shared their domain with these new creatures, so they stayed close to the stream.

Over the coming years as they grew to an age of about seven or eight the females had already become fertile and the males were also with seed, so the child baring youngsters were able to become pregnant. Which they did almost immediately because they had been copying the other animals’ weird actions for some time now. It was as though the chemical soup that the fungus gave out had brought forward the youngster's body clocks. Soon the group grew in numbers and eventually became so big that they had to split up and spread out along the direction of the stream, giving themselves some distance between each other. This simple but happy life went on generation after generation. They had no need for a language but did develop a simple grunt, growl and point type of communication that was good enough for their needs. They adapted well with being part of the cycle of life, shared by the other animals, bushes and the underground fungus creature. Once they reached the age of twenty, they were no longer at their reproduction peak. Their bodies then went onto binge mode and basically ate themselves to death. This was all part of their life cycle programmed into their DNA by the cocktail of drugs they had become addicted to and once fattened up like a Christmas turkey they would simply die a painless and comfortable death. Then the cycle would be completed, and their dead plump bodies would become food for the fungus creature. This simple but elegant food chain kept their numbers down to a manageable level but ensured that there was always a constant supply of food for the underground entity. It was as though the fungus creature was farming the humans and animals like free-range chickens. Due to the extra bulk the humans had to carry, the adults found it quite difficult to move around and travelling long distances was almost impossible, so they refrained from this uncomfortable and unnecessary activity. This lifestyle kept them from wasting valuable body fat from their obese and bloated, hairy bodies.

One day, a few of the younger humans had wandered off from the main camp to play and explore. At their young age, it was still possible to get around without resting every few steps. They were walking slowly, while investigating a new area, eating as they went. They stumbled upon a strange structure that none had ever seen before. Their naked, plump bodies came to a halt as they gazed at the ancient wreck of the lander. One of them brushed away the long dark hair that was hanging across his face and he went over to the lander door and peaked inside. A colony of yells that had made it their home inhabited it, for now at least. He soon lost interest with this burnt-out shell and walked away. Another one had found a mound of earth, a short distance from the lander. She was curious about it because such objects were rare on this flat plain. She touched it with her hands and brushed away some earth to reveal Stanley’s damaged lifeless body that was well preserved under the protection of the soil from the sun’s damaging light. A little over to the right was a smaller mound, and after brushing away the top layer, she exposed Troy’s head. It was still in a state of deactivation because of the flat batteries. If only she knew that connecting it to a power supply would reactivate him into life again. But all she thought about was her next nutty bean. The children went back in the stream's direction not knowing that it was because of those two mechanical beings’ bravery that they and all the other humans were there. Perhaps not the most fitting memorial for the two saviours of the human race on this planet. Maybe in some time to come they would be discovered by visiting aliens and resurrected to tell their amazing story.   

The children arrived back at the camp and joined the others for their last feed of the day. The suns were starting to set, bringing the night, as their orange glow disappeared below the distant mountains. When the night-time dark was fully here, they all huddled together into their usual sleeping positions and closed their eyes. Except for one of them. As she lay there and looked up at the night sky, she was captivated by the bright, shiny lights that watched over them, as they slept. She had no idea that those tiny points of light were distant stars and planets that had been up there for billions of years. She was totally unaware that in her field of vision, to the left of that brightest twinkling light there was a spacecraft releasing the second landing craft from its docking clamps, enabling it to land on some carefully chosen, nearby world. The only thing this happy and contented human was thinking about, as she closed her eyes, was her next meal of nutty beans and the special feeling she got when she licked the fungus.   The End.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
