The CFR Collusion

Copyright 2011 by Steven B. Vandervelde

Smashwords Edition
Prologue

From the minutes of a meeting of the Elders of the Galactic Consortium:
Earth had fallen under the rule of its first effective world government based on the old "progressive" principles of local self determination, global conflict resolution, corporatism, and eugenics with the newer elements of "ecologically" based population control.  The Galactic Hegemony easily subverted this regime, harvesting millions of slaves by the introduction of brain implant technology.
It is not clear from the historical record what was the true cause of the catastrophic plague which wiped out nine tenths of the planet's population collapsing the existing nation-state system and resulting in the establishment of the new world order.  Was it natural; was it caused by human biological warfare; or was it the Hegemony?  The answer can only be discovered by further investigation, but that is not relevant to the current issue.
The meeting was called to order.  The Prime Elder set forth the agenda.
"It has come to our attention that during the late incursion at the planet called Earth mind reading and recording technology was willfully used upon the unsuspecting inhabitants.  Those inhabitants were neither aware of the existence of the technology nor did they have any protection.  This hearing has been called to investigate the question of undue influence or unethical exploitation of the Earthlings.  To that end, the information thus collected will be presented in the form of a narrative consisting of the thoughts and memories of some of the subjects of this intrusion.  To render this information understandable in the context of the time, those who compiled and studied the information have added some explanations and descriptions.  Is there any objection to the presentation of this evidence in this edited form?  Seeing none, we shall proceed to the evidence."
<                                        Chapter One


The Revolutionary Committee gathered in the conference room deep in the underground bunker in the granite dome beneath a city once called Columbia.  The ancient State House still stood.  The bunker was situated a block east of the Capitol grounds far beneath and an even older graveyard.  The State had been overthrown.  The enemy had been defeated in detail, they had thought, so why surrender?  A century earlier, what they had done would have been unthinkable.  When the United States sill stood rebellion was well known to be out of the question.  But in these days of a Balkanized world where no single State was "out of the loop" who would have thought that a real popular revolution could succeed anywhere on Earth?  The Committee thought so and they did it.  Now they must pay the piper.  The power behind all power would not permit this affront to its world mastery to go unavenged.  A battery of block buster nukes was poised in orbit to wipe out the entire State if all those accused of Crimes Against Humanity were not surrendered forthwith.  No one in the conference room imagined that there was any alternative to surrender.  Everyone knew that the revolution had won, that there was no going back, and that the World Oligarchy was finished here...
***
In a classroom setting, children were gathered around a middle-aged lady who spoke of history.
"So, to summarize, by the time of the early Twenty-first Century the world financial system based on various local forms of pure credit, called fiat money, was greatly over extended.  As some observers had expected for some decades, there was a triggering event that caused a global panic.  The world's financial and political institutions collapsed in a crisis of irresolvable debt.  To prevent world war, the Council on Foreign Relations stepped into the political vacuum and with the backing of most of the worlds major international corporations engineered the liquidation of the existing nation-state system and oversaw the creation of a new world system based on smaller, more manageable states.  All this was done under the principles of local self determination as first propounded by the founders of the CFR over a century earlier after the First World War ushered in the end of the colonial period.  That, in a nutshell is the official version of history as it exists in print.  Does anyone recall the all important triggering event?”
A student raised her hand to answer.  "The Oligarchs say it was the super-plague that originated in the region of China."
"Interesting, my dear, that you would put it that way, 'the Oligarchs say'.  You know, nobody calls themselves an Oligarch.  They do not actually seem to exist.  I wonder why?  If they are so all powerful, then why do they permit us to label them like that?"
"Teacher, my daddy says we all have natural rights, and that the Oligarchs are the super rich who control the world and tell the Staties what to do."
Another student interjected.  "We are less than cockroaches to them.  They don't care what we say."
Frances was trying not to let her perpetual ironic smile show too obviously.  "Now children.  Your parents have sent you here so that you might learn what you need to know to pass standardized tests.  I am not telling you what to think.  All I care about is that you learn what kinds of answers are expected of you if you wish to pass the tests.  I know that life is unfair.  I'm not telling you to believe in what you think are lies.  You can believe anything you want.  I just want you to learn enough to pass the test and get into school so you have a chance of going somewhere in your life.  Everywhere you go in the city you will see people wandering around with blank eyes and a probe sticking out of their ear.  Do you want to end up like that?"  This class was all children of the Forest Rangers, the free employees of the Estate Holder, who owned more than two thirds of South Carolina.  Frances knew that mention of the Widgets, the slave class with brain implants, would get their attention.  Widgets were a rare sight out in the forests.
"My cousin, Jaime, said he wants to get the Gamer Widget so he can play all the time."
Frances responded.  "I take it his parents don't like that idea.  If your cousin gets his wish he will be nothing but a puppet on a string.  If that is what you really want you are free to leave this class.  Who needs education when you have a brain implant?  I thought so, none of you really like the idea of being a living zombie do you?"
An armed Ranger stood guard at the classroom door.  He looked in and frowned at the boy who brought up the implant toys.  The fathers of the students took turns guarding the children's class from intrusion by potential kidnappers as well as escorting them to and from the assembly point in the forest to the class on the public transit system.  In the wonderful utopia, which was the official line, of the modern world there was little need for police.  All who obeyed the law were secure.  The problem was the laws, the eugenics code, the carbon foot print code, the "zero tolerance" of "anti-social" behavior.  None of the kids in the class were registered with the Population Commission, so, they were fair game to "poachers", modern slavers who snatched unregistered "Naturals" as they were termed and disappeared them.  There was no legal protection for them because the children officially did not exist.  A Natural was anyone who was not participating in the World Population Commission's program to control population growth.  They usually came into the world by natural birth to avoid state controlled hospitals.  The usual fate of a Natural who tried to live as a loner in the city was involuntary brain implant and perpetual "public service".
It was a pleasant spring day so the windows of the second floor classroom were open, and everyone could hear the noise of the city street and sidewalk below.  There was some kind of commotion going on down there.  The students could not resist running to the window to see.  The guard came in the room and secured the door so he could see as well.  "It's a Popcom snatch team.  Their being held off by a crowd in the street so we have a chance to get out the back."
The students were led to the back stairs with Frances making sure none were left behind.  They ran to the nearest subway entrance and made their escape.  The crowd in the street was becoming larger and more menacing.  The Population Commission operatives were taken by surprise by the suddenness of the assemblage.  Naturals were coming out of the woodwork, as they would say.
It seemed the area was infested with them.  Many of those in the group surrounding and menacing the Team were registered, but none cared to show their ID on demand.  A shouting match was beginning to erupt with the crowd demanding proof of the team's identity as well.  The flash mob dispersed as quickly as it appeared, as if someone was directing their actions and gave the word that the children were safe.  When the Team finally made it to the room it was empty.
The Team leader reported back to his superiors.  "The little bastards got away.  They must've had a watch set.  A pack of irate Natural rightists surrounded us and impeded our entry into the building.  It's too late to call for local backup.  The crowd is gone.  These people are too well organized for snatch and grab.  I bet they move the whole operation into the sticks now that they know we are on to them.  We'll need armed Peace Keepers for that.  I'm not going into those woods without backup.  We have a mole or whatever in the Team dispatch or a security leak at your end.  I can't see how else they knew we were coming.  We did not inform the local yokels of our operation.  So why should we?  When did you ever give a shit about local laws?  You can't put this one on us.  You cost me that bounty."
Frances observed the one side of the conversation from the building security office.  It was her building.  She called her cousin at the State Law Enforcement Division.  As a historian she always thought it was ironic that the states secrete police kept their ancient name when so many other institutions had changed in the last century.  "Your buddies in the Fusion Center sicked some Ceefer goons on my class today.  Really?  You can forget about it if that is all you can do.  I'm telling the Estate Holder to cut you off you worthless piece of shit.  I've had enough of your double talk.  You can't threaten me.  I have your balls in a vice."
She disconnected and turned to her security staff in the office.  "Your patron" she meant the Estate Holder, "will be happy to know that none of the children were harmed but there is no way we can continue to use this building.  Have your street gang come in and rearrange the furniture in the classroom to make it look like an unused office again.  Pay them the usual.  We have to get this done before the secrete police show up.  Let me know if you see those Ceefer goons again.   I want to talk to them before you kill'em."
What do some people do when they have much more power and money than they really need to live well?  They go after more.  But some turn it into a game.  Frances's game was beginning to spin out of control.  She wondered again why she kept it going.  Yes, she hated the perversion and cruelty of her fellow privileged elites.  Yes, she wanted personal control over the State.  She knew she was using her old friendship with the Estate Holder and the hopeless idealism of the followers of the Natural Rights Movement as her means to power, but now it was beginning to feel more like she needed them instead of the other way around.  She taught the history class to pass the time.  It is not practicable to spend all of ones time conspiring, too oppressive.  Now, they had ruined her hobby.  They had made it part of the game.  Now they were playing for keeps.
She reminded herself what would have happened to those children if they had been taken, the sex trade.  The lusts and cruelty of some elements of the privileged was without limit.  She had seen enough.  They would all be implanted and the ones who survived their initial captivity might end up doing anything, including the armed forces of the Council, the Peace Keepers, the ultimate cannon fodder for a utopia without war.  If she could take over here, then others would be emboldened, and the dominoes would fall, but first she had to deal with problems of immediate survival.  She asked one of the Rangers to call for a courier.  Electronic communication was never secure.  It was a message to some allies in the Independent Movement, an activist group of law abiding Normals, establishment term for legal Naturals, who wanted greater freedom from the establishment and were opposed to the personal use of Widgets as slaves.  Many were just irate parents of children who had been seduced by the implanted surrogate reality "games" which effectively enslaved their children to the game companies and were used as recruitment tools for the Peace Keeper Forces and private mercenary contractors such as those Population Commission operatives.
Frances then sent an encrypted communication via the Internet to the Estate Holder.
"There is a problem with my cousin at SLED.  He could be a double agent.  Would you have your Rangers dispose of him for me?  He failed to inform us of a raid by snatchers on the class.  No harm done but we must move class out of the city."
***
The following was compiled from the imagination, dreams, and memory of Frances upon news of his cousin's demise.
The Ranger hit team had not had much trouble grabbing the guy.  They followed him home from work.  Before he got home they called him on his mobile phone and asked him to pull off the road in the parking lot of an abandoned warehouse.
"Your paymaster wants us to give you the package in person."  The Ranger spoke to the man in the small battery powered automobile who had rolled down the driver's side window.  When the man looked at him angrily as if to say something, the Ranger, a larger brawny man, produced a teaser, stunned his victim and yanked him from the vehicle without bothering to open the door.  He slammed his fist into the still twitching face and tossed the victim into the sliding side door of the van.  It was a specially outfitted with a sliding trap door bottom.  It was also outfitted with manacles attached to the ceiling from which they suspended the victim.  The van sped off back in the direction of the ancient central city grid of streets.  They stopped at a metered parking slot on Pulaski Street, near the river.  It was a commercial district of warehouses and light manufacturing, with very little pedestrian traffic.  The ever present CCTV camera viewing that area had been spray painted black by street gang toughs moments earlier as well as at the point of the initial kidnapping.  The Rangers went to work on their victim.  They knew they only had a few minutes before investigators would arrive.
"Don't hurt me!  Why are you doing this?"
"Shut up you slime!  You knew they were coming!  Who have you told?"  The first Ranger answered.
"I don't know what you're talking about."
"It will go easier on you if you cooperate.  Just tell us what we want to know."  The voice of the second Ranger was soothing and reassuring.
"Frack you! You armature assholes!  I'm screwed.  I'm not talking."  The victim slumped, unconscious, unresponsive, he was dead.  Upon search of the victim the Rangers discovered that his flack vest that all State Police wore under their outer garments was equipped with a special electronic device.  The device had injected the police agent with a fast acting painless poison.  One function of the versatile device was to monitor the wearer's bodily functions and, under the right conditions, to inject the poison if certain code words were spoken.  It also was a tracking device.  The second Ranger recognized it.
"Holy shit!  It's a Ceefer bug."  They drove quickly to a known CCTV blind spot and tossed out the device into some bushes.
"We have to get rid of this sack of shit."  They then drove several blocks to a secluded ally and parked over a sewer manhole.  They went to work with their butchering tools and disposed of the body down the manhole.  They then drove to a recycling station and disposed of the plastic sheeting that had protected the inside of the van, into an automated plastic pelletizer.
Frances was glad when she was told of her cousin's death.  She knew that the disappearance of the body would put the man's family under suspicion, because the tracing device had been disabled and memory wiped before disposal by the Rangers.  The ever-suspicious police mind would assume he had deserted and take it out on his wife and children.  "Well, into each life some rain must fall."  She thought.  She had no pity for the wife and neither knew nor cared about the children.  Her desire for power and revenge had long ago overpowered her ability to feel for the victims of her decisions.  Such feelings would have only gotten in the way so she repressed them.  She had long ago convinced herself that she actually did not care about the feelings of "the enemy."
***
The following was compiled and correlated from Hegemonic data taken from the captured Moon base located on that side of the Moon that never faces the Earth, formerly known as the dark side of the Moon.

The State Law Enforcement Division Director of Covert Operations was a hands-on kind of manager.  He liked getting his hands dirty.  On this occasion he was in the back of a large gray step van, a Mobile Interrogation Vehicle, the official version of the Ranger's home made replica.  It was equipped with everything his team needed to interrogate a prisoner, torture, and dispose of the body quickly.  Theodore knew the city sewer system very well.  He knew the best points, sewer manholes, to dump body parts.  The van had a hatch built into the bottom for that purpose.  Officially the hatch was there for covert deployment, but the practice of dumping Widgets and Naturals in the sewer was nothing new.  Everybody did it, that is, everybody with enemies and everybody who was a murdering psychopath, the gangs, estranged spouses, widget brothel operators, the secret police, everybody.  That is what happens in a state where a class of citizens have no legal rights, in a state infested with violent gangs, in a police state such as a progressive eugenics based corporate slave state utopia.
On this occasion they were disposing of Widgets they had picked up on the street and "interrogated" electronically in order to collect information on their owners, that is, by extracting the information from their implant.  A mobile phone signaled an incoming call.  "Hello Ambassador.  I will be there on time."  To the crew, "Boys, we need to wrap this up. I have a meeting."
***.
Inside the Fusion Center north of the metro area located between several old residential subdivisions, at a safe distance from both the Capitol and the forest, but conveniently close to the old network of limited access highways formerly known as the Dwight David Eisenhower Interstate Highway System, the base in every State on Earth, from which the agents of the Council on Foreign Relations manipulated local affairs, a meeting was in progress.
The Council Ambassador was William Jobbs, CEO of Encrypticorp, among other things.  "We received the report of the disappearance of both a SLED agent and of the private contractors who were looking for the underground school for illegals.  Our people in the State have them all listed as missing and presumed dead.  Because of the timing we have to assume that the events are related.  Our prime suspect is one local individual who styles herself the Teacher, Frances Marion Manigault, a citizen (The ruling class referred to all members of society who qualified under Eugenics Council guidelines as citizens.) of means, repute, and ancient lineage.  She is not untouchable, but should be approached with caution.  All the evidence points to a conspiracy to overthrow the State with the ultimate aim of seceding from the Fusion.  The briefing paper I have distributed contains all the relevant information as to professed ideology and motives.  I see no reason to discuss that at this juncture.  What I want to address your attention to, is the mass of evidence indicating an alliance among Manigault's wealthy cronies, dissident members of the local Normals Union, the Natural Rights Movement, criminal street gangs, and the woods runner gang known as the Rangers.  The Rangers are ostensibly the employees of the family trust known only as the Estate.  We can use this relationship to the Estate Holder, to use his legal title, to discredit him and undermine his support among the mass of citizens who are not in on the conspiracy.  Our political strategy shall be to push legislation in the State House to overturn the family trust and seize the estate, which amounts to about a third of the all the land, in the name of the public interest.  We have a strong enough Eco-socialist faction here that can get this done after the declaration of martial law and the insertion of sufficient Peace Keepers.  We will concern ourselves later with the discrediting of that faction and our exit strategy later.  Our first order of business must be to reinforce this facility (meaning the Fusion Center).  A crack contractor battalion from the boys at Blackraven is on the way and will arrive in hours."
The Political Commissioner commented.  "Our agents in the State Senate tell me that your strategy will only be feasible after the suppression of all terrorist elements among the insurgents.  The Senators are a cautious and fearful bunch.  This will not be an easy sell."
The Director of Covert Operations for the State Law Enforcement Division was not happy with the outlined plan.  "My bosses will not take this well.  You have sprung this on us too quickly.  There will be no time to isolate and segregated dissident elements in law enforcement and the State Guard.  You have to realize that we are acting on impulse here with no advanced preparations.  What am I supposed to do?  Just start rounding people up and dropping them at the FEMA centers?  We don't have sufficient security to hold off any serious efforts to spring them.  Do I just liquidate them?  What do we do with the bodies?  Dump them with the gators in Lake Marion?  They can't eat that fast.  You boys are asking allot and creating a big mess.  How soon before the Peace Keepers arrive?  I mean the official ones, not your over priced corporate Widget zipper heads."
William answered.  "The cost is not your concern, and the mess will be cleaned up in good time.  I approve your disposal suggestion.  See that it is done.  Take care of your own first.  Do you understand me?"
The conceit of power when it has no external limits is boundless.  The Director correctly interpreted the command to mean seize and kill all police and military leadership of questionable loyalty first, starting at the top, and to dump their bodies in the lake.
The Director was still not satisfied with the plan.  "I get your meaning, but I can't ask my boys to kill their own buddies.  It ain't goanna happen that way.  Are you head cracked?  The best I can do is deliver them here to you.  Your brain fried crackhead crack troops can dispose of them, and you can dump them in Hell if you like, but I don't have time for your shit work.  Do you understand me?"
William continued.  "As long as you agree that we start at the top is all that matters."
The Director responded.  "All I need from you is a digitally signed by you directive from the Council demanding their immediate attendance at the Fusion Center, and they are all yours."
The Director exited the conference with the requested document in hand.
William spokes to his Security Chief.  "After this State is secured, that one will have to be dealt with."
"The Agency knows how to take care of his type."  By Agency, he, of course meant the Central Intelligence Agency.  Officially, it did not exist, since the nation-state that had created it no longer existed, but it had means and assets of its own and lived a shadow existence, as it always had.  There was some unofficial debate in official circles as to who was really in control, the Agency or the Council.  Overlapping membership made that impossible to determine.
**
"Fran, the shit is hitting the fan."  That was the coded message Frances found on the Internet social network home page she had opened under a false identity when she turned on the personal computer the morning after the failed raid on the school.
She typed an answer.  "What is the problem?"   The reply was quick.  "A-1 (code for William Jobbs, Ambassador from the Council on Foreign Relations) wants a round up.  Will deliver false goods."
She responded.  "An elegant but messy solution."
The Director's plan would have been very difficult and dangerous but for the unknowing help of the enemy.  The end result was that the individuals delivered so easily and so unsuspectingly into the clutches of the Fusion Center were its most affective supporters.  The killers were in a hurry.  They were not supervised by anyone familiar with the State and did not bother to question any of the arrivals.  In fact the killer's out of state masters were frantic with fear and anticipation.  The victims were led to a room in the basement, killed with a bullet to the back of the head in the time honored totalitarian way, and loaded into waiting dump trucks for disposal at a secluded boat landing just down stream of the old US Highway 601 bridge where it crossed the Congaree River, from there to drift to the swampy backwaters of Lake Marion.  There were far too many to dump them at the de-polymerization plant upstream from there at the terminus of the public sewage plant without causing a stir.  Lake Marion, an ancient hydroelectric reservoir and alligator preserve owned by the Santee-Cooper Company, was off limits to fishermen.
Frances had no way of knowing the details.  The message only conveyed that the plan was already in motion and was being carried out without a hitch.  She began a quick check of news reports to search for any hint of what was actually happening.  She only found two reports, one that a large group of paramilitary contractors, possibly over one thousand, had been spotted at the Metropolitan Airport, on their way to the Fusion Center.  The other was that important State leaders were being called in for a mysterious meeting at the Fusion Center.  There was no indication that the two stories had been linked by the news media.  That fact did not surprise her.  It is easy to maintain the delusion of a free press when the main qualifications for the job are identical to those of actors and fashion models.
What did surprise her was the lack of a news blackout, or any obvious effort to hinder or tamper with the Internet.  She went into action before that changed.  She triggered all pre-arranged protocols for action in the case of foreign invasion.  The messages were all sent within minutes.  She could not wait for more information.  It was now or never.  She was forced to rely on the sketchy media reports.  All revolutionary forces were directed to the Control Center at the State Capitol.  She called the Lieutenant Governor's mobile phone.
"Bill, it's a trick.  Don't go to the meeting!  Tell me your not going."
"I haven't been invited, as usual.  What do you mean "a trick", Fran?"
"You know I have a contact in SLED.  He told me they are rounding everybody up for extermination.  It'll be a clean slate.  They want to put their own crowd in the State House and overturn everything we've worked for.  They are blaming it all on the Natural Rights Movement and are using the "T" word.  They mean business Bill.  They are liquidating everybody who shows up to that meeting.  This is it, Bill.  You have to get to the State House and call out the Guard.  There is no time for procedure."
"Why would they kill all their butt buddies?"  He asked.
"I know it sounds fantastic, but just get over there to your office and then try to contact anyone who has left.  Even if they are just hiding out with their masters does that change anything?  You know we have to move on this or we are all dead.  They brought in a whole contractor battalion over night.  They mean business.  We need to show them we are not pushovers.  The Director of Covert Operations should be on his way to the State House to brief everyone.  I bet that politburo jackass will be there too with a gang of State Security Committee goons form Manhattan Free State.  You better bring backup."  She was referring to the Political Commissioner.  She took the time to put on her best body armor before changing into what she always thought of as her Senator Manigault uniform, a navy blue blazer and kaki pants.  The traditional dress of the ancient Blue and Kaki Brigade, the badge of the ruling elite included the obligatory prep school, fraternity, golfing club, or university emblem, a patch sown over a breast pocket.  Today the patch she wore was a replica of the coat of arms of the ancient order of the veteran Continental Army Officers of the American Revolution, The Society of The Cincinnatus.  She wondered if anyone would notice.
Her mobile phone signaled an incoming call.  She looked at the screen.  It was her daughter's number.  The location tracker indicated she was somewhere in the highlands of the Republic of Scotland.  "Hello, dear.  It's nice hearing from you.  How are things?  I thought you were in The Royal City of London Free State, with that royalist jackass, what's his name."  (The precinct surrounding Buckingham Palace was an independent city-state, like the Vatican.)
"Mother, shut up for once and listen.  Jackass, I mean Nigel, is dead.  I killed him.  I'm wanted for murder.  I've gotten away from the Home Office, but I don't know what to do."
"Listen to me Jackie." She had once made a joke of her daughter's foppish boyfriend, Jackie and Jackass.   The nickname had stuck, at least between her and her daughter.  "This is terrible news, but I'm glad you called.  I should have called you already, but it slipped my mind in all the confusion.  You have to go into hiding.  Get off the grid.  Do whatever you have to, but I cannot help you right now.  I can't talk about it.  You might catch it on the news, but I doubt it.  They will use you to get to me.  You have to hide, quickly."  She had always known that a Eugenics Committee arraigned mating would end badly for her daughter, but she had not expected this.  She knew her daughter actually had cared for the jerk, and had not eloped just to spite her, but now she had other problems.  Still, in the back of her mind, she could not help but wonder if someone in high places had made the arrangement just to thwart her by destroying her family.  Even if that were so, they could not have known that Jackie would end up killing the fool, nor about the planned revolution.
***
William made a call to the Estate Holder on his secure line.  Now that the meeting was over he had other work to do.  He had to wrap things up before he made his exit.  He enjoyed the game of cloak and dagger.  This alternate identity was always much more interesting and did all the really exciting things.  "Thomas, it's me.  Your old chum Teddy is up to his usual tricks.  Don't ask me how I know.  You know I can't tell you.  Here is the gist of it.  He intends to disappear all his political enemies in the State.  Don't worry.  They are all establishment types.  That cipher of a Ceefer Political Commissioner is clueless as usual.  We can only guess how things will play out when that dickhead pays a visit to the State House.  Yes, he'll be on the way there shortly.  Why am I telling you this?  Come now, Thomas, you know you were always my favorite local yokel in this Podunk Palmetto State.  I didn't mean any offence.  I know you're not a politician and you don't work for the police.  It's just an expression."
He disconnected and entered another phone number.  "You know who this is.  Give me Control, and make sure it is someone who actually speaks understandable English.  I refuse to talk to a computer.  Shut the frack up.  I know you're a fracking computer but I have to go through you to get to a real fracking person...Why do you always do this to me?  You let that goddamned machine argue with me before you'll talk to me.  Don't give me that shit.  You know who I am.  Verify this."  He made an obscene gesture, which was rather inane since no one could see it.  "Yaeh, you're a fracking mind reader, don't frack with me.  You know damn well that I know more about you then you can admit to your bosses.  And I'm going to make you worry about it until they can read it through your shiny fracking helmet and they stick a widget in your ugly potato head.  So now you want to know why I called?  I called to tell you to eat shit, and frack off and die.  Oh, really?  You show me respect and I'll show some to you.  Here is the deal shit head.  Your merchandise will be ready soon.  It's guaranteed highest quality on the whole fracking planet.  No delivery until I see the money in my account.  I'll tell you when I'm ready to so frack off."  He disconnected.  He enjoyed the role of wheeler and dealer the most.  He was sure the being on the other end of that strange conversation would destroy him if he ever showed the slightest weakness.  He was not exactly sure how he knew.  Maybe it was because he knew that his associate was too much like him.
Now he must play one of his least favorite roles, the CEO of Encrypticorp, a computer-engineering corporation specializing in computer encryption and code breaking.  "Be a dear and patch me through to R and D.  Thank you.  Jennings, where are we on the project?  If you ask me again which project I'll have your tropical fish poisoned.  I know a lot of things.  Answer my question.  Tell me in English.  You know I don't speak techno nerd.  OK then, good work.  Transmit the data as soon as possible.  If this works, I personally guarantee that you will be the richest geek on Earth.  You might actually get laid."  He disconnected.  He walked out of his secure office and spoke to the nearest receptionist.  "Tell them to warm up a fully fueled VTL.  I'm out'a here."
After he felt safe in the VTL he made one last call on his mobile phone.  "Hello darling.  I need a little vacation from this whole ambassador thing.  You know how these Southerners are, and the humidity here is so oppressive.  Will you meet me at the house in Aspen?  I realize this is short notice.  Thank you so much my darling.  I can't wait to see you again."
***
Thomas Sumter Meclavich, the Estate Holder, sat as his desk in his office in a place everyone called The Big House.  It was situated on a round hill overlooking a vast, heavily forested river valley in a place formerly called Poinsette State Park, back before all the States went completely bankrupt and the United States ceased to exist.  It had been a great estate long before it had been a park.  Who knows, maybe one day it would be a park again.
"Not in this lifetime."  He said out loud to no one in particular.
"What was that Tom?"
"Nothing, George, but there is something else.  It's started."
The emergency meeting of the Senate was called to order by the Lieutenant Governor in accordance with ancient tradition.  The House of Representatives had not been summoned.  All powers relating to State military defense were wielded by the Senate, except for the budget.  This was an actual emergency.  The Governor and the Adjutant General, who commanded the Guard, were missing in action, and accusations of armed invasion, rumors of war, were floating among the Senators.  Since the early days of Eugenics, when South Carolina's constitution was last re-written, the Senate had been the preserve of the genetic elite.  There was nothing racial about it.  It was all very scientific.  The Senators all boasted of their mixed race heritage at election time, those who noticed that, on the average, illegal Naturals and Widgets in general tended to be of a slightly darker complexion were roundly ignored.  Everything was as it should be according to the official line.  The only politics was correct politics.  All else was archaic fantasy and terrorism.  Now, these good Senators were being informed of an unthinkable plot by their ancestral saviors and benefactors, the Council.  Now they were being shown unthinkable film footage, taken from drone sky cams, of the bodies being tossed into dump trucks and hauled off to be dumped in the swamp, the recognizable bodies of friends, relatives and henchmen in the corrupt game of politics.
They could see the military encampment, a battalion of the worst killers the world had ever known, only a short drive or an even shorter VTL hop away.  This was the kind of thing that only happened in uncultured places, far away places, secluded mountain bandit hideouts or tropical jungles, not here.  How could it be?  Who brought this down on them?   These were the questions being muttered.  Several menacing glances were directed toward Senator Manigault, but most faces were blank with terror.
The SLED Director of Covert Operations was commenting on the view from the drone spy cameras being presented on the great flat screen television behind him.  "Late last night at twenty-three forty-one I was personally given a directive from the Council, by the Ambassador himself, ordering an emergency consult with the very people whose bodies you see being disposed of like so much trash.  I swear to you, I had no idea of the criminal intentions of that maniacal fiend.  I was told there was some problem among the Naturals that required our immediate attention.  Their true plans for us are finally revealed.  They intend nothing less then the total liquidation of this State and its complete replacement with their compliant toadies!  They intend to make the entire state a puppet on a string.  I would not be surprised if they intend to implant us all and make this the first Widget State in their evil corporate empire!"
The only sound from the Senators was a groan.  It was a terrible sound, the sound of resignation to abject fear.  Then one person laughed, and clapped.  It was the Political Commissioner.  "Very well played, Director.  No one suspected you had it in you."
Manigault interrupted with a call to order.  There were shouts form the floor.
"Why is he here?"  "Let him speak!"
Then the screen caught their attention again.  The scene was again directed to the battalion's encampment.  It was a beautiful panoramic view, taking in the surrounding neighborhood, an idyllic middle class suburban neighborhood.   It was packed with light trucks and utility vehicles.  Men, obviously under the orders of military discipline, were surrounding the compound.  There was no common uniform, just hunting cloths.  They were armed to the teeth.  There were thousands.  The sky cam view backed off to take in the extent of it.  The entire neighborhood of the encampment was choked with vehicles and armed men.  The attack was obviously well planned because the leading elements of those surrounding the compound carried large anti-ballistic shields held by two men with a third able to fire from a slit in the shield, usually sold only to paramilitary.  Once the shooting started it did not stop until the encampment and connected facility was completely overrun.  It only took about twenty minutes.  The attackers must have trained because they employed the tactic of lying down behind their lowered shields while the hoard behind them discharged the magazines of their weapons and fired a barrage of rocket grenades, and then moved forward together.  In the end, a couple dozen prisoners were led at the point of a gun from the facility.  Some were slightly injured.  Others were defiant.  The prisoners were forced up against the wall of the main structure.  A final volley and it was over.
A few Senators hurrahed, as if to make a point.  The rest sat in sullen silence.  There was a motion to adjourn.  It passed by voice vote.  The sullen ones began filing out of the hall, probably contemplating how to save their own skins and escape form the State.  The Political Commissioner could not resist getting in one last point as they left.
"You all know this is not over.  This atrocity will be answered."  Evidently, they were all expected to forget about the previous atrocity they had just witnessed.
The Lieutenant Governor, "Sergeant at Arms, seize that man!"  The Political Commissioner's personal bodyguards were not in agreement with the order.  Senators dove for cover under the heavy hardwood desks as the guards forced their way into the chamber, even before the shooting started.  It seemed that those few Senators who had cheered the outcome at the Fusion Center had also violated custom and come armed with concealed weapons.  "Thus, violent revolutions are made."  It was Senator Manigault who spoke after the shooting stopped.  "I propose that those of us who have shown ourselves not to be cowards and traitors acquiesce to the fact that this body no longer possess a quorum, much less a functioning executive branch and form ourselves into a council of war.  The lower House can have our powers as Senators, we have a State to save."
***
The council of war had set up operations in the secure underground bunker a block east of the Capitol.  Frances finally had a moment alone with the Director of Covert Operations.
"Ted, you have to explain to me how you pulled it off."
Ted answered.  "I had nothing to do with the attack on the Fusion Center.  The killing of the officials was all an accident.  I was flying by the seat of my pants.  I was taken by surprise.  I was given an order to round us all up for immediate liquidation.  I took the only other option, to round up all the breathing waist of oxygen people instead.  It was an opportunity and I grasped it.  It's better that you don't know the details."
"And, as it all worked out, everyone who could possibly supply me with details was conveniently lined up and shot.  Was that your doing as well?"
"How could you think that?  I was right there in the room with you when it happened.  I'm sure it would have only taken a suggestion to the right person, and it happened...in the heat of the battle.  People don't take kindly to seeing their brothers, friends, and neighbors killed right before their eyes.  I would go as far as guessing that no one had to suggest it to them.  I'm going back to what's left of the Center and see what might be salvaged."
As soon as he left the room Senator Manigault entered a number into the phone at the Situation Control Desk.  "He is on his way back to the Center."
***
In a room on the second floor of an immaculate two-story house at a window facing the main building of what had hours before been the Fusion Center two men waited.  They were dressed in typical hunting clothes.  One sat in a comfortable chair with a scoped hunting rifle cradled in his lap.  It was an antique bolt action Springfield thirty caliber.  The other watched the grounds intently as the friends and relatives of the recently fallen searched or tended to the wounded and dying.  Those who had come to loot the bodies of the Widget troops had been run off with no few unkind words and some threats.
The spotter spoke.  "There he is."
The shooter answered.  "Are you sure it's him?"
The spotter,  "Look for yourself.  Hurry, he's walking toward the door."
The shooter,  "You're right.  Teddy, you piece of shit, kiss your murdering ass goodbye."
The spotter,  "Got'em, one shot one kill.  Good shootin' Estate Holder."
"How long have we known each other, George?"
"Shit, I just thought, this bein' our first official assassination of the Revolution and all, that the occasion called for some formality."
"The killer has been killed, like the rabid dog he was.  It's nothing to brag about.  Let's go.  I'm supposed to be conferring with some council of war at the State House.  That is where Teddy just came from.  I hope none of those bright boys puts two and two together."
"This Revolution is a lot'a hard work, ain't it?"
"George, you are having far too much fun.  I'm worried it's going to get you killed.  Keep your shit straight while you're abound me.  Will you?  It might be contagious."
"Sure."
***
At the home of the missing agent, information collected from the central mind control computer in the Hegemonic base on the dark side of the Moon.
The young daughter worried about her father.  "Mama, when is daddy coming home?"
The mother answered.  "I don't know dear.  He has to work very late.  He's on a stake out."
The young daughter asked.  "What's a stake out?"
The early adolescent son interrupted.  "She's told you that a thousand times.  Mama, can I play Veewow?"
The mother,  "You know your father said you can only play that for an hour a day.  You only got the implant to help you with your schoolwork."
The early adolescent son,  "Awe, mom, school is boring.  I really want to play Veewow."
The mother,  "You have approved games on your school computer.  You can plug in to it."
At exactly sixteen hundred hours a blanket compulsory command was issued through the Internet for all brain implant users in the State, including the school system, to switch to a commercial mobile game device of their choice.  All users were then commanded to seize any available weapons, real weapons.  The visor of the mobile game device provided the typical in game virtual display with a "V" designated on the intended target, the same for all other game users, as well as all Widgets who were equipped with work visors, which meant almost all of them except for prostitutes and domestic servants.  The ones without visors tended to grab clubs and knives.
The early adolescent boy took his small caliber target rifle his father had given him for his last birthday as well as all the ammunition he had.  He then proceeded to the front door.  His mother was naturally startled by this behavior.
"Johnny?"
Johnny turned to her.  The heads up display indicated the "V" on her center mass.  He aimed.  She screamed, picked up her young daughter, and ran from the room as quickly as possible.  Johnny proceeded outside.  The mother attempted to call the police.  All phones were dead.
***
At the Situation Control Desk the monitoring screens all went blank, the ones for the Internet, as well as CCTV.  The person on duty attempted to tell someone on the phone at her desk.  It was dead.  She ran from the Control Room to the connecting Conference Room and interrupted the meeting of the Council of War.
"Communications are down.  It's started.  I'm switching to radio and in-house land line CCTV."  She went back to her desk.  Three of the group who were observing the war council followed her into the control room and took up their posts.  It soon became evident that a large armed mob was forming around the State House grounds.  The others commented on the mob.  She turned around and shouted.  "I'm receiving reports of military attack at several locations around the State near the borders as well as numerous cases of apparently random acts of violence by armed civilian Widgets."  Soon most of the Council was in the control room.  "They're storming the State House!"
The mob threw itself enthusiastically into the mass attack, by now, all they encountered who were not Widgets were being targeted on their heads up displays.  The ones with hand-to-hand combat weapons rushed any the others missed.
"Somebody disconnect the computers form the Internet and reboot!"
The other three controllers were frantically disconnecting the radio network receivers from the computers.
"The mob is irrelevant.  There is nobody in the State House.  Everyone has already been evacuated underground in anticipation of air attack.  Those Widgets are on a fool's errand.  They can't get to us.  Tell all contingents to avoid contact with the Widgets.  There are too many of them."  Thomas had no way of knowing that the Widgets would continue to search for targets until their bodies began to shut down from exhaustion and then secondary "re-supply" protocols would initiate a looting spree all the while targeting all who opposed them.  They even picked up the discarded weapons and ammo as they went, just like in the games.  In the end, "re-supply" would include cannibalism.  The raging of the Widgets continued well into the night when they began to pass out from lack of sleep.  Reports of out of control fires, unexplained explosions and other sabotage made it plane that not all the Widgets were being used merely as mindless killers.  The entire metropolitan corridor from the coast to the piedmont was under simultaneous attack.  Agricultural Widgets were moving toward the metro areas as well leaving farm equipment and farm Normals unmolested.
By three in the morning only Thomas and Frances still held fast in the Control room.  Frances told the controllers to take a nap.  The tempo of battle had slowed down considerably.
"Tom, the Pease Keeper and Contractor incursions are largely contained for now, but we can not keep this up long.  Widgets have disrupted our supply lines.  We are running out of hand held anti-aircraft missiles.  Airborne attack is coming soon.  We have to use the weapon."
"I know."  He was resigned and exhausted.  "There are no limits on it.  It's global and indiscriminate."
"Why should that matter now?  We've seen that there are no innocent Widgets any more.  They are all deadly weapons."
"Their families will not see them that way, but you are right.  There is nothing left for us.  Unlock the button."
Since the brain implant technology had first been introduced decades ago, Thomas had nurtured a deep instinctive hatred of it.  He instantly saw its evil potential and knew his world well enough that it was a forgone conclusion that it would be used for evil.  That was what had originally motivated him in the direction of political action, revolution.  He nurtured the Natural Rights Movement in his domain, but that was only the public side of his activities.
He began clandestine research into the problem of, if not eliminating, at least defeating the technology.  The brain-mind control system had only one weakness that his researchers could discover, its security system.  Each implant contained a built in self destruct device in the event that the user attempted to override the external compulsions and defy orders.  It would literally fry the user's brain.  This security devise could only be activated by an external command.  One method might be to broadcast the command in a given radius, but that was only marginally effective and whenever it was used on Widget paramilitary and Peacekeeper forces the system was improved and the defense would be rendered ineffective, but the self destruct mechanism was never removed from the system by its originators.  They were never able to discover exactly who those originators were, only the corporation that held the patent. 
A breakthrough had only recently been made.  It happened when his researchers subcontracted part of the code breaking to Encrypticorp.  The code provided allowed them to create a command that could be used to initiate self-destruct via the Internet to all end users, thus, the button.  Thomas was aware of the identity of the CEO of Encrypticorp.  He felt he was being tested, not that, challenged.  He thought.  "Who else could have called down the attack of the Widgets?  What was he after?  Did he want me to use the button?  If so, why?  It can't be anything obvious, or childish, such as some insane gamesmanship."  Frances knew nothing about his secrete dealings with the Ambassador.  He had to make this decision on his own.  The man who had only hours ago cold bloodedly killed a man who he considered the worst murderer he knew of could not bring himself to touch the button with its own dedicated direct satellite link to the world wide web.
"You are right, Fran.  Do it!"
The chief controller who had been relaying orders and information, overseeing the battle to defend the State from invasion, had seen the onslaught of the Widgets at its worst was standing in the door overhearing the conversation.  She was among a small hand full of people who knew of the existence of the button.  She held a hand to her mouth as people sometimes do when trying to suppress a sob or a scream.  When Fran's open hand smashed down on the button she fled as quickly as she could, her shoulders heaving as she sobbed.
***
The first indications that they had in the bunker of the impact of the weapon were the radio calls from the embattled troops during the planned pre-dawn attacks.  The enemy was totally defeated with light casualties to the counter attackers in all cases.  More attacks were ordered.  Evidently, all Peace Keeper and Contractor forces had been staffed mainly by Widgets.  Then, all communications were restored.  All the news channels carried stories of the sudden death of brain-implanted people, worldwide.  There were calls for investigation into the cause of the global tragedy.  Would anyone be permitted to blame the manufacturers who made an item used by children with a built in kill switch that could also be used to turn one's child into a killer robot?  Not if no one made them notice.  Frances suddenly realized the propaganda implication and was suddenly energized with the aid of large doses of strong coffee.  She began contacting everyone she could think of to tell her side of the story, without mentioning her role or the weapon.
The Natural Rights Movement already had a global network of contacts, as well as the Normals.  News of the revolution was spreading, and people took due notice of the weakness of the ruling classes without their Widget henchmen.  The contagion of liberty spread quickly as well as opportunistic gang violence.  Things were not that smooth in the Council of War or with the lower house of the legislature.  Without the accustomed support system of the Widgets, panic was beginning to set in.  Many of the solid Citizens, as well as many Normals, were fleeing the State after the mass attack by their former slaves of the previous afternoon and night.  The State's government had ceased to exist for all practical purposes.  By the end of the second day it was beginning to dawn on Frances that something would have to be done, but she had no idea what.  She needed sleep.
The next morning while Frances caught up on her sleep, the leading instigators of the Natural Rights Movement (Without Thomas' participation because he was also exhausted.) formed a Revolutionary Committee.  Their first action was to search out all known members of the legislature and judiciary, (The executive branch had already been wiped out by the Ambassador's purge.) and imprison them under guard in the basement of the State House.  Those who were not caught in the initial round up fled.  The prisoners were released on conditional parole when they signed a pledge never to participate in politics again or to leave the State.  Next they went after former police and Guard officers, who were only required to take a pledge to support the Revolution, except for the former secret police who were hunted down and shot on sight.  Somebody mentioned the need for a coordinated defense against foreign attack and invasion so the Committee recognized the Council of War and incorporated it into itself.  All this took less than a week, as no further attacks materialized.  It seemed that the Peace Keepers now had their hands full defending their permanent bases from attacks by revolutionaries, criminal gangs, and Contractors, and sometimes all three together.  They were often impossible to tell apart.  It was suspected that the Agency and other shadow forces had a hand in this violence.
***
After things began to settle down, and interstate travel was again relatively safe William Jobbs, Ambassador to South Carolina made an appearance at the Council on Foreign Relations in Manhattan Free State, with much fanfare and hoopla, as if it were a miracle that he had somehow survived the events he himself had actually helped set in motion.  Nothing was said about the mass murder of the South Carolina State officials.  Security was very prominent.  The Manhattan State Security Committee had, evidently never relied on Widget forces.  As an island state, they had little need for military defense.  There was also a formerly large contingent of Peace Keeper forces stationed there at a permanent base.  The State Security Committee forces had at first let the people vent their wrath in that direction before smashing the revolt by stabbing it in the back, as usual.
William made a very emotional speech full of lies and misrepresentations, as should be expected, but part of it is relevant to this narrative.
"Ladies and gentlemen, as you might be aware, I am, among my other duties, the CEO of Encrypticorp.  After the late disaster, I put its best minds to work investigating the source of the signal that snuffed out so many innocent lives.  It was from the very bosom of my former venue, South Carolina."
With that, an investigation into alleged war crimes was initiated with the World Court at The Hague.
***
The Hegemonic forces were, to use the most extreme understatement conceivable, not happy with the global self-destruct signal.  Because of their propensity for strict central control of all activities, their global spy network had been linked to the same World Wide Web that carried the destruct signal.  The CEO of Encrypticorp had known this was the case.  In fact he and the computer engineers who broke the Hegemonic code were the only Humans who knew.  That was not surprising, as except for a very privileged few, all Humans who had any contact with the Hegemony were brain implanted or dead, and the numbers in both categories numbered in the millions.  The signal killed all Hegemonic slaves, including disembodied brains connected to mainframe computer systems and guidance systems, in the entire Solar system.  That mass extinction event of the Hegemonics numbered in the hundreds of thousands.  Such is the extent of their dependence on slavery.  The number of Hegemonic free agent casualties caused by the event is unknown but was probably considerable.  One most vexing result of the event was the impotence of the Hegemonic agent who dealt directly with Encrypticorp to take revenge or even to react in any way that might indicate a position of power.  Anyone who understands the psychology of power understands the extent of the emotional pain this inflicted, not that we should take joy in that pain.
"Alright shit head. Payment is due before you receive the merchandise."  This time there was no automated answer, just silence.  The waiting game did not last as long as it felt.
The Hegemonic agent, Fenrir, answered.  "What makes you think we still want the merchandise?"
"Don't frack with me, shit head.  You need it more than ever now.  You need to grow your slaves on a planet that is very far away form people like me.  You and your ugly stinking potato head shit faces are no longer welcome here.  I know the location of your disabled bases and I have the launch sequences of our orbital missile platform.  Just think of how long it will take our pathetically slow rockets to reach you while you sit there festering in your own excrement because you now have no one to wipe your malignant ass for you."
Fenrir responded.  "I always thought that your odd manner of speech was merely a shield to disguise your fear of me, but now I see you for what you really are, a naked ape who when caged slings his own excrement at all who stop to look at him."
"Whatever I am.  I am not a stinking sack of decay like you.  The one thing I appreciate more than anything else about our relationship is that I never have to see your ugly face.  Do you realize that this is the first time you have ever made a personal remark to me?  The depth of your conceit is astronomical in its vastness."
Fenrir answered.  "Thank you.  That is the only compliment you have ever given me.  The amount that you demand is being transferred as we speak."
"That's a good shit head.  As an added bonus, so that you will not feel that I have tried to cheat you.  The island State of Madagascar is in turmoil.  It will be easy for you to take as many of them as you like without repercussions.  We can blame their loss on tribal warfare.  No one will believe that they were taken away in space ships.  Take as many of those as you like.  The special cargo will be ready and waiting for you at the time and place I am transmitting to you now."  He disconnected without his customary string of obscenities.
***
Revolutionary Committees are not known for being sticklers about procedures such as "due process of law".  The one formed by the Natural Rights faction was no different.  The question was put to the Committee concerning the fate of certain former State officials and those seen as their henchmen and whether or not they had been punished enough or were still a threat.
Committee Chairman, Rodger J. Lee, argued for more retribution.  "We should have all the judges who are still here rounded up and shot.  They were the ones who kept the pretense of legality going while they enslaved and abused us."
Frances responded.  "What about the parole?  You will be seen as going back on your word."
Chairman Lee answered.  "All right then, we hunt them down and assassinate them."
Frances responded.  "It's not that simple.  That kind of policy could end in all out civil war and outsiders would move in taking advantage of our weakness and we'd be worse off than we were before.  If this is what you are determined to do, with or without the consent of the rest of us, at least, let's find a way to keep a lid on it.  We can't keep doing things this way forever.  Our society, even if we somehow escape foreign occupation, would become nothing but a group of armed gangs bent on mutual extermination.  We can't live that way."
A Committee member put in.  "Who was it that said kill all the lawyers first?  I'm all for it, starting with the judges."
Thomas, was becoming fed up with the committee.  "You people are loosing your grip.  The ones you have already run out of the State could already be plotting a return to power, gathering a mercenary force to wipe us out in a surprise attack.  Don't you see what you have started?  It makes more sense to keep an eye on these people so we know what they are up to.  Killing more will just piss off those people and give them more support among the friends and relatives of the victims.  The slaughter has gone far enough.  We need to consolidate, take a look around and see what's next."
The Chairman Lee slammed a fist on his desk.  He was the one who had given the order to fire when they shot the prisoners at the Fusion Center.  "I intend to destroy the State and all the government.  Government is the problem.  Now is our chance to be rid of it."
Frances reasoned with him.  "You call yourself the Revolutionary Committee but you are acting like a government.  You all know that this has happened before in other places and times.  Do you imagine that you are better than those people were, that you are Saints?  Or is your philosophy so pure that everything has to work the way you want it too?  It won't work the way you expect.  It will fall apart.  The more violence you commit the more everyone will see that you permit no disagreement, that you claim a monopoly on power, that you are now the State."
Chairman Lee answered.  "What the hell are we supposed to do?  Let them all just go about their business as if nothing happened?  They'll be back for us one way or the other."
Frances answered him.  "I see your point.  We could keep an eye on them.  Wait for them to conspire against the Revolution and then arrest them.  And then, try them in official Revolutionary Tribunals so people will see we are not just an enraged gang of killers."
<                                       Chapter Two


Frances chose not to travel to The Hague to defend the charges being brought there for crimes against humanity, but the prosecutors did accept the Revolutionary Committee's colorful suggestion that they be tried in absentia.  In addition to the information she provided to the State's attorneys who were sent to The Hague on her behest she orchestrated the propaganda campaign defending the Revolutionary Committee's reputation, since they were formed after the mass murder of the Widgets. Thomas was reluctant at first but relented and sent them proof of Encrypticorp involvement and the double-dealing of William Jobbs, but that evidence was denied a showing in Court.  However, the Ambassador was sufficiently discredited to be removed from office, and that was not the final blow to his power base.
Delaware, the State in which Encrypticorp was originally chartered was also convulsed by revolution.  The new regime issued an ultimatum requiring all corporations chartered there to hold an emergency stockholders' meeting or face disincorporation and seizure of all assets.  In spite of the fact that the only assets that could be seized were the ones available to Delaware's limited jurisdiction, many emergency meetings were held.  Because of the suddenness of the meeting, William Jobbs was taken by surprise by a stockholders' revolt led by Fredrick Jennings, the very same chief researcher he had only recently derided as a geek, who then became the new CEO.
The resultant verdict of the World Court was, therefore, a mystery to all concerned, including the State's attorneys.  Thomas was found guilty, despite the denial of his evidence.  Frances was found innocent but her daughter, who had been apprehended in Scotland, was found guilty, despite the fact that she knew almost nothing of the Revolution.  The murder of her lover, a crime of passion, was designated a political assassination by some very tenuous reasoning, because of the victim's connection to the Royal Family.  As for the list of the rest of those convicted, it had very little relationship to their actual participation in acts of violence, as far as anyone involved in the actual events could tell.  They were all healthy young men of Ranger families who were active in the Natural Rights Movement and had been at the battle of the Fusion Center, but they were not the ring leaders or militia commanders.  The ultimatum of the CFR was issued nonetheless, surrender all on the list or face destruction.
Some on the Revolutionary Committee were convinced that the CFR was in its death throws, but others pointed out that, if that were true, it only made them more dangerous.  Many States on every continent had seceded from the Fusion, and there were many unresolved civil wars and actual interstate wars as some saw an opportunity to rebuild lost empires, but the CFR still stood.  They were making threats against the expansionist States and sending what aid they could to those under attack.  They seemed to be fulfilling their professed function, for once.  Frances pointed out to the Committee that they were consolidating their power and that, yes, there were unintended consequences from their collusion in their abortive attempt to subdue South Carolina, but they could rebound.  In all the discussions no one had a clue as to the truth behind the mystery of the list of the condemned.
***
The day arrived and the condemned were assembled on the Capitol grounds.  They were only told that they would be exiled to a place with a temperate climate without modern conveniences and should pack accordingly.  All those on the list came to face their fate.  They told one another that they were the best of the best, the truest to the cause.  They knew they had won.  Yet they had lost, as individuals.  They also knew that they had no choice as long as the Council maintained control of the orbital missile platform.  Defiance of the edict was not an option.
They expected a fleet of transport helicopters or maybe VTL's but what landed in the landing zone was neither.  It could best be described as a huge flying saucer.  It settled lightly on the turf, not even making a depression.  A large ramp opened and out walked a group of armed...men?  They were dressed in what resembled the shiny fire retardant protective suits used by firemen at airports.  Their weapons were strange.  They vaguely resembled the tazer-laser weapons sometimes used by anti-riot troops in States where shooting down unarmed civilians is frowned upon.  On close observation they also had a tube for firing projectiles, magnetic impulse rifles?  Thomas' thoughts were not overwhelmed by the newness of it all, but he did have a nagging feeling that someone was looking at him menacingly, over his shoulder.  It was the feeing of being spied on by a predator.
Frances now understood the reason for the media blackout of what should have been a triumphant event for the CFR.  She understood more than she dared realize.  She made a decision.  Her only child, her daughter was in that strange vessel.  She left the group of Committee members who were observing the prisoner transfer and walked in the direction of the vessel.  She ignored those who called to her.  She ignored the strange armed guards who menaced her, but she stopped when one blocked her path.  It stood there for a moment and then seemed to change its mind and let her pass.  She felt a clarity of purpose she had not felt in decades.  She walked up to Thomas.  "I'm going with you."
"I see."  They were the last of the prisoners to walk up the ramp.
The final words of the Estate Holder to his good friend George again passed through his mind.  "George, you can't come.  Your not on the list."  He put his hand on his old friend's shoulder.  "I need you here.  You have to see to the business of the Estate.  You are my Executor, George.   They need you to hold things together here."  Tears had streamed from George's eyes as his friend turned to go with the others to the alien space ship.  He had not cried in decades.
George had his own family to think of.  He had not seriously thought of leaving.  It had been an impulse of the moment.  The Committee members were all shocked by the sudden move Frances had made, but he understood.  They had her daughter.  He had never been a believer in the old tails of UFO's.  He didn't even read fiction, much less science fiction nor watch the old movies either.  He did not want to process what he saw with his own eyes.  When it lifted off silently and slowly, and then was gone in a flash, without a sonic boom, his only comment was, "What...the...frack."
The next day, George was at the office in the Big House reading Thomas' last will and testament.  His friend had preserved the living trust but had left all lessees in good standing a life estate in their property, which was transferable to an heir.  Now he really knew he needed a lawyer.  Then his thoughts were interrupted by an advertisement playing on the television in the adjacent room.
"Introducing Discrete Widget!  Safe and convenient because it does not contain a bulky radio transceiver.  This Widget is controlled by your own personal programmable device!  It is invisible to the untrained eye.  And you have our absolute one hundred percent money back guarantee that is dose not come with a self destruct device."
He put his hands over his face and said to no one in particular, "It's starting again."
The name of the company producing and marketing the device gave him pause.  It was a closely held corporation.  The sole owner was William Jobbs.
*** 
Jackie Manigault was having a difficult time coping with her current predicament.  The crew of this ship was exceedingly strange.  They all seemed to be beautiful young women and they did not seem to believe in wearing clothing.  She had two very large rooms, or cargo bays, to herself.  Zero gravity was not easy to get used to.  She was a levelheaded person, not given to hysterics or melodrama, very even tempered, but this whole thing was beginning to stretch her limits.
She spent a lot of time thinking about how she had gotten here.  She had not realized that Nigel was a closet Widget.  He had a special implant that only received input when he was hooked up to his gaming device and to his personal computer he used for business.  It had somehow gotten to him, changed him.  He had tried to hurt her, but she did not dwell on that or on how she was forced to put him down.  She now knew that the brain implant device had something to do with whoever controlled this ship.  It was the only way that anything made sense.
***
The exiles had been sedated soon after being loaded into the transport ship by gas emitted from the ventilation.  They had arrived to the larger deep space vessel still in that condition.  The young women, who comprised the whole of the crew, as far as Jackie could tell, processed them.  They were each taken to a compartment that contained a machine, a kind of body scanner.  Brigit, the girl in charge, at least she seemed very young to Jackie, asked Jackie to assist.
The machine was a kind of electronic microscope.  She was surprised when she realized what kind, a Rife machine.  She could see the living cells and their organelles as well as bacteria and virus cells.  There was something else even smaller, somatids?  She was surprised she could even remember the names.  She had read about it once in an article about supposedly discredited biotechnology.  And it was an actual Rife machine, at least an alien version of one.  Brigit used an ultrasound device to eradicate unwanted microbes and pre-cancerous lesions.
Jackie could hear some of the girls giggling in another compartment.  She excused herself to see what they were doing.  They did not seem to be harming the unconscious Rangers, but they were playing with them sexually, as if they lacked the slightest care in the world about such things as a basic respect for another person's body.  Jackie cleared her throat and glared at them angrily, which only caused them to giggle the louder.  She could hear that other, even more flagrant things were happening in another nearby room, but decided it was useless to intervene and went back to her work with Brigit.  She thought about the girls sexual abuse of the unconscious men and realized that they were only messing with the guys who had been treated by the Rife machine, which only confirmed in her mind that they knew what they were doing and simply did not care.
After the ship prisoners were transferred with their equipment and supplies things began to be a little less unclear.  When they arrived, the luggage and supplies were put in the other cargo bay.  Her bay was now crowded with the men, and her mother, who all awoke in a confused and dazed state.  That was to be expected, and she decided not to fill them in on the details.  She and her mother had a tearful reunion.  As she saw how the men were settling in to the now crowed quarters the true nature of "the crew" began to dawn on her.  The crew was more than just a little spacey.  They weren't right, as these Ranger boys would put it later, not right in the head.  What was the word she was looking for, naive, clueless?  After the reunion and the settling in she wanted to have a word with the one crewmember who actually spoke to her sometimes, Brigit.  She thought maybe they had some kind of human relationship.  Maybe they were friends.  She could hope, in any case.  She went to the exit the crew often used.
***
The men had been trying all the exits and none worked for them.  The doors were opened by an electronic scanner that could recognize individuals.  Thomas intercepted her before she could try the scanner.
"Are you going somewhere?"
"Tom, I thought I saw you in the crowd.  I was just going to look for a crewmember I've been talking to.  I want her to explain something to me."
"Jackie, I'm sorry you were dragged into this."
"I've gotten used to the idea of it all.  It's better than being a Widget, so far."
"There is that.  You said "her".  Who are the crew?"
"They are all women, as far as I can tell.   I want to question Brigit about something she said that didn't make sense at the time.  Something screwy is going on here."
"You got that right.  But, are you certain these women are the crew?  What makes you think so?”
"I'm not sure.  They are the only people I've seen here."
Her mother was now close and seemed to want to participate in the conversation.
"Hi mom.  I was just telling Tom.  I need to go talk to a crew member I've been chatting with, if she is really a part of the crew."
"It seems there were only women on board until we arrived, Fran.”
"I think I get the point Tom.  This is going to get tricky."
"You have no idea Mom."  She tried the door and it opened.  "I think I should go alone.  Brigit is a little shy."
The two stood by and let the automatic door close as she passed through.
"Well, fill me in, Tom."
"I think you got about as much of it as I did.  She thinks something odd is going on.  She's got that much right.  If they have their own women it might begin to explain why they only wanted us men."
"They intend to breed us like animals, Tom.  What are we going to do about it?"
"We definitely need to do something.  It's too crowed in here and there is too much testosterone.  For the most part, these boys were raised to be gentlemen, but we are in a very different place than any of them ever expected to be.  It's up to us, Fran.  We are now the mother and father of a bunch of overgrown boys who have been torn form their lives.  We are going to have to lay down the law with them."
"Really?" It was Jack Livingston, one of the men in question.  He had drifted close enough to them to catch the last part.  "Overgrown boys are we?  How is it that Jackie gets to come and go as she pleases?"
Fran was obviously displeased with the intrusion.  "We just got here, Jack.  We don't know much more than you.  Evidently, she has made a friend among the other passengers, or maybe the crew.  We are not sure which, and neither is she.  She is going to investigate."
***
Jackie had adapted to weightlessness.  There were handholds all about the corridors.  She soon found one of the young women, and hoped she remembered this ones name.  "Kira? Where is Brigit?"
"Compartment twenty-three, corridor seven."  By Kira's expression of delight Jackie knew she had remembered the name correctly.  Now to decipher the alien numbers, no one was really helpful in that regard.  Every time she asked a question about something most would just give her a blank look as if to say, "How could you possibly not know that?" as if she were making some kind of strange joke.  That is why she liked Brigit.  At least she understood the implication of the idea that she was a complete stranger in a completely new and unknown place.  "Hmm, that must be it."  She waved the palm of her hand over the "key" and it opened.  "Bingo," she thought.
She entered, and the door closed behind her.  She was not ready for what she saw, and bounced backwards, bumping into the door, but grabbed a handhold to keep form careening around the room.  Brigit was in flagrante delicto with an ancient looking guy strapped into what looked like an oversized hover-round mobile wheelchair with a lot of extra gadgets.  The man was blubberous and very old and to say ugly would be an understatement, but he seemed to be a man.  She had to suppress the reflexive urge to vomit.  The door would not let her pass again so she waited, trying not to look while they finished their business.  Jackie could not stand to look at Brigit's face.  The "man" spoke first in a strange accent, one word in the form of a question, "Intrusion?"
The possible double meaning was too much for her.  She laughed hysterically as one might when the choice is either laugh or scream.
"Oh!  I'm so sorry.  I didn't realize that you two were in here.  I apologize.  If I could leave I'd come back later.  I just wanted to speak to Brigit."
The "man" eyed her, but she could not decipher the meaning of his glance.  However, she was a little more convinced that he was in fact a man, as his member was definitely Human, and she began to notice why she had wanted to vomit, the smell.  Brigit fixed his clothing for him, which resembled a white silken bathrobe.
"I see.  You may speak to her."  She gave him plenty of leeway as he exited the compartment.  She fervently hoped the smell would follow him out, but it didn't.
"Who was that, that man?" She was still not able to look Brigit in the eye.
"That is Fenrir.  This ship is his vessel."
"Oh, damn!"  The thought occurred to her that she may have missed her one chance to get at him, but there was the "chair".  It surely had defenses.  She could see that Brigit was confused by her outburst.  "The doors only open when he wants them to?"
Her tone of voice, the hostility in it, was obviously upsetting to Brigit, whose lower lip began to quiver.  "Yes."
Jackie made the effort to change her tone, as if she were talking to a small child, which in her own mind Brigit was.  "Brigit, I did not mean to hurt your feelings.  I was just shocked by what I saw."
Brigit began to cry like a child.  "He makes me do it,"  was all she could manage to get out.  Jackie took her in her arms and patted her on her head, like she would a child.
"You're alright now.  I'm here."  While cradling her she was careful to inspect her ears for the less obvious brain implant she had failed for so long to notice in Nigel.  She found none.  "Brigit, my dear friend...how many are there like Fenrir on this vessel?  Are there others?"
"Sometimes."
"Are there others now?"  She thought Brigit was beginning to regain her self-control.
"Maybe.  I do not think so.  They do not always want me to know."
"Who helps Fenrir take care of the vessel?  I don't mean little things, but big things like fixing things that stop working and making it go."
"You mean the crew?  They all died one time not long ago.  We had to put their bodies in the recycling bin, but then you and all your friends came to us."  Brigit was completely calmed down and Jackie felt she was being truthful.
"Widgets."  Brigit did not respond.  "Did the crew have a thing in their head stuck in the ear?"
She could feel Brigit shiver.  "Yes."
"Brigit, would you like to come back with me to my big room with all my new friends?  You could stay with us."  The look in Brigit's eyes, which welled up in tears, was so completely overwhelming to Jackie that she had difficulty maintaining her self-control.  Brigit and Jackie went hand in hand back to the two cargo bays.  The doors let them pass.  Jackie had no idea she had been played by Fenrir.
***
There were no clocks.  The passage of time was marked only by mealtimes and sleep time.  A mealtime had passed in Jackie's absence, and, for some reason, sleep time was early.  When Jackie and Brigit entered the bay all eyes were suddenly on Brigit.  Fran came to the rescue as quickly as she could and gave Brigit her one-piece dress she was wearing when they left Earth.  Brigit was delighted with the gift.
"You two, come with me to storage."  When they were safe in the privacy of the other bay Frances spoke to her daughter.  "What possessed you to bring her here?"
"I don't know if we should talk about it.  It might embarrass her."
Brigit was quick to come to her friend's defense.  "Jackie saved me from Fenrir.
"What is a Fenrir?"
"The crew, mom, and he is disgusting.  He was making Brigit, um, service him.  I saw them when I walked in her compartment."  She explained the whole incident.
"So, you are telling me that this Fenrir controls access to all the doors and you just walked in on them.  My dear, it occurs to me that he manipulated you."
"But he is so disgusting, mother, I just could not help myself.  I just had to do something."
"Brigit, dear, you said that the crew died all at the same time not long ago and they all had that thing in their ear?"  Brigit nodded in agreement.  She spoke to her daughter.  "There is not just the one.  When we were transferred to this ship the guards in the shiny suits came along.  I'm certain of that.  This Fenrir would not leave himself open to attack.  You were right to assume that his chair is armed and dangerous.  These creatures are tricky."
"Mom, I'm pretty sure he is a man, old and ugly, but a man."
"Whatever he was, he lives like a monster.  They are taking us somewhere.  That is obvious."  She indicated all the containers stowed about them.  "They intend to drop off the women with us.  That too is obvious.  We are to be a slave-breeding colony.  Do you want to raise your children to be these monster's slaves?"
"I don't have a choice in the matter, mom.  I'm already pregnant."
Brigit, who could only follow part of the conversation, was the only one delighted by the news. 
Fran did lay down the law with the Rangers, as she so aptly put it, but she could not control the behavior of the young women, who began showing up one by one.  It was obvious that they were being sent.  As each arrived she would single one man out of the crowd and go to him and tell him that he was hers.  There was no reasoning with them.  None of them were as sophisticated as Brigit.  They just did what they were told by their lord and master.  Jackie would bring them into the storage bay and try to have a girl talk with them.  They would talk with all of them each time a new on arrived.  Brigit became helpful in that regard.  They had no clue about the idea of personal sovereignty so prized by the Rangers of the Natural Rights Movement.  The Rangers, although it obviously caused them discomfort at being deprived of the company of the women, were understanding.  None of them wished to be seen as a child rapist, the worst imaginable thing in their culture, but the young women insisted on sleeping with their designated man.  They were all in fact blind with fear if they would dare to disobey.
The sleeping arrangements were simple and very public.  Cocoon like hammocks were tethered to the "ceiling" and "floor", the decks, and in zero gravity they just curled up in their individual hammocks all in the open bay.  Frances had everyone share their clothing with their designated mate.  The young women were in fact too clueless to understand why they were being required to sleep with the men, which helped in the implementation of Frances' plan.  It was simply an attempt to give the girls a chance to grow up.  Thomas, in private was vary polite and understanding about the whole plan, but he did point out, once, that her policy would not work whenever they reached their destination.  Eventually, nature would take its course, until then, the men were becoming more and more frustrated and no one doubted that some inappropriate behavior was taking place while others slept, as long as they were able to keep the noise down.
The number of hammocks was limited.  Thomas was the odd man out.  To prove to his men that he was their leader and that none of this could touch him, rather than sleeping with any of the three women, Brigit, Jackie, or Frances, each of whom would have probably said yes, he tethered himself to a handhold.  The young men who still possessed as sense of humor about the whole thing made sarcastic comments about his chivalry, and expressed regret that they could not do the same because their lady was under strict orders.  That joke wore thin and was soon left off at bedtime conversation.
One favorite topic of late conversation was Fenrir's odor.
It first happened when someone passed gas and no one would confess.  Brigit piped up and said.  "Oh, no!  Fenrir is coming!"
The women reacted with both horror and delight, as if this were the funniest thing they had ever heard.  If an anthropologist had been among them, he might have observed that as a sign that they were developing autonomous personalities.  Frances saw it as a good sign.  After that, that joke began to wear thin as well.
Jackie had lost track of time completely but both Frances and Thomas were able to keep track of the number of sleep periods that had passed.  After "dawn" of the seventeenth "night" of weightless space travel an announcement was made from speakers concealed in the walls.
"Attention, rig for gravity."  It repeated several times.  There was a general hubbub as people grabbed things that were floating about.  Then Brigit, who was aghast at what was going on shouted.  "Everyone!  Get in a hammock!"
She had evidently experienced this kind of thing before.  It was also a sign of personal development that she actually showed concern for what could happen to others around her.  The announcement then changed.  "Brace for landing.  Brace for landing.  Brace for landing."  Gravity and landing happened at the same time.
Gravity came as a shock after so long without it.  The young women might have been less able to cope except that, until they had joined the party they were all subjected to regular physical training.  Daily exercises were also a part of the group activities in the living bay.   Their final mealtime aboard the spaceship was a little festive.  The tasteless gruel and mush were the same, but the mood was different.
Another announcement came.  "Make way for the guard."
The suited guards entered the bay and the ramp opened.  The guards exited.  The final announcement was made.  "Unload the containers."
Everyone looked around at one another and most looked to Thomas.  "OK, you heard it.  We're out'a here boys!  Let's get those boxes!”
The fresh air coming in from the open ramp acted as a stimulant, even though it seemed a little thin compared the ship.  The unloading did not take much time.  The guards who had stood by and watched filed carefully up the ramp as if expecting a final attack from the prisoners.  None come.  There was one final announcement.  "Enjoy your new home.  Live well and prosper."
The ship lifted silently and was gone, leaving them in a large clearing.  The landscape around them was bleak, semi-arid and rocky.  There were no trees or bushes, just what seemed to be moss growing only in shady spots.  The sun was hot and the air temperature warm.  There was a slight breeze.
"How do you like that?  'Live well and prosper.'  I wish I had gotten a look at that Fenrir thing.  I'd'a put my boot up his stinking ass so far it came out his mouth!"
"Stow it.  We're not alone.  Break out the weapons men and form a perimeter!"  Thomas gave the order.
Some of the men looked about and motioned the women to the center as others unpacked the only weapons they were allowed to take, things like compound hunting bows, knives, and axes.  A thin group of ragged men had come out of hiding in the surrounding terrain.  They carried rocks and small clubs fashioned from bones, Human leg bones.  There was not much vegetation around which would explain the simplicity of their weapons.  A man stepped forward who appeared to act as their leader.
"We want a share of what you got."  He said it as a fact that was beyond dispute.
He received his answer swiftly.  One among the Rangers beaned him on the forehead with a small rock and he sank like a sack of potatoes.  His followers seemed reluctant to pursue the matter, as bows were being strung and arrows knocked.
"Form a line!"  Thomas wanted to settle the matter now.  Those with bows formed in front of him in a semi circle.  The others were ushered to the cover of the crates.  "Knock arrows!"  The gang surrounding them began to disperse.  "Loose!"
Most of the arrows found their target, even if it was in the back of a fleeing man.  The others fled the faster.  Thomas turned to the men guarding the women.  "You, with the knives, finish them off!"  He pointed in the direction of those who had fallen.  Soon there was no one in sight to threaten them.  Thomas pointed out the leader.  "Bring me that one!"
By this time, all of the young women were crying or in shock.  Frances and Jackie had all they could do to keep them from running off in terror.
"Everyone, back to the camp!"  Thomas walked over to the groggy thug and kicked him lightly to get his attention.  "So?  You want a share of our things?  I'm going to let you go you scum.  You be sure to tell your scum that they will be killed on sight if they show their faces around here again.  Now go!"
The man stumbled off.
"We have to do something with these bodies.  Howard, get a detail and take the bodies to that ravine.  We can bury them tomorrow.  Retrieve the arrows!  We need to set up camp."
He walked over to where Frances and Jackie were comforting the young women.  "From the frying pan into the fire.  I was worried something like this could happen.  It seems we are in some kind of penal colony."
"Who was it that tossed the rock?"  Frances asked.
"I think we should give him a medal."  Brigit was looking at Jackie in awe without understanding what Jackie had just said, but just at here lack of fear.
"Why?" was the only thing Brigit could bring herself to say.
Jackie took her hand and held it in hers.  "You just don't worry.  Those were bad men, like Fenrir.  They wanted to hurt us.  Now they are gone."
***
They set up camp and set a guard.  The young women were still in shock over the battle and now they were experiencing their first night under stars and a sky.  Some of them hid in their tents.  Others cowered around the fire.  There were thirty men and thirty-two women.  By now everyone had found out that Jackie was pregnant.  There is almost no privacy in such a small compact community.
Frances found a moment to speak to Thomas in private.  "The girls are falling to pieces, Tom.  You were right.  Nature is taking its course.  The men have to take them in hand and comfort them or they will become an even greater liability.  There is nothing to be done about it.  To leave them each alone as an isolated individual after the way they were raised in that ship is too much for them to handle.  We don't have a dorm room here and I cannot be their dorm mother.  It just can not work that way."
"I'm beginning to think that there is more to this than you are telling me, Fran.  Would you please get to the point."
"You should invite Brigit into your tent.  Jackie and I can sleep in the lean-to."
"Fran, are you telling me that for the good of the group I have to sleep with that girl?  Before, you would have condemned me as a dirty old man.  Why the change?  I know you have not changed.  You never will.  So, please explain."
"Do I have to spell it out?"
"Pretend I'm dense.  It won't be difficult.  Women never think men understand them anyway."
"This isn't funny.  This is serious business.  She is a horny little minx.  She'll cause trouble when one of the others sees her as taking her man."
"Very interesting.  Now it is my duty to bed the young woman?  It now is the honorable thing.  I think she might have something to say about this.  I think she is afraid of me after the fight she witnessed today.  I'm not going to do anything that might hurt her feelings.  Even if I wanted to, which you know I do not, your daughter would have my balls on a spit.  Here is my counter offer.  My tent is not small.  It is the biggest tent here.  I brought it on purpose so it could be a kind of command center in foul weather.  I'll make you a deal.  If she gets rambunctious, and we make too much noise for you, than you can sleep in the lean-to.  Because I would certainly never do anything to hurt her feelings like refuse her.  I know how women react to being turned down.  Women think that is there prerogative, and take it as a personal insult."
"Ha! Tom, you have obviously been associating with the wrong kind of women.  No wonder you never were married.  It's a deal."
"OK, tonight I have to check on the guard so you get the ladies to bed.  I'll be up late.  I expect you will be too.  I still hear a lot of crying and moaning around here.  Your girls might need a soothing word or two."
***
The chill of the night caused due to form on the moss and on the nylon tents but there were few clouds and no sign of rain in the near future.
The group sent to dispose of the bodies came back with alarming news.  The bodies were infested with some kind of flesh eating arachniod.  The creature resembled a small scorpion but without the stinger.  One of the men brought back one he had put in a small jar.  He was an amateur naturalist and collected specimens of all the new life forms he encountered.  No one else would get near the strange bugs.  It was black and had eight legs, a large mandible, and pincers and was about three centimeters long.  Everyone agreed that it would be a good idea to keep the tent's mosquito nets zipped shut in spite of the lack of flying bugs.  Ellenton, the Ranger who found the thing wanted to investigate to find out what the natural food of the arachnoid could be.  He began rooting around in the nearby moss and discovered them living in conjunction with worms and other arthropods.  It began to sink in with the Rangers, who had been good hunters at home, that the only native animal life around seemed to be bugs and worms.  Ellenton offered a solution to their dilemma.
"I have collected a basket full of these worms.  They look like earthworms, for the most part.  I've found a stream so we have water to wash them and for drinking.  There is a peat bog for fuel.  I'm making worm and seaweed soup.  Does anyone care to test it with me?"
"Elli, you've lost it man."  It was Jack.  "I say we follow the stream to the sea and find out what kind of fish live on this world.  Who can live off worms and slime?"
Fran interrupted the discussion. "Cool your jets, Jack.  I'll taste Elli's soup first.  The way I see it, I'm the most expendable member of this group.  But, I trust Elli's judgment.  The rations will soon run out and we have to find something to eat before our gardens grow.  Yes, we brought some seeds.  And Elli even brought some rabbits, which no one is allowed to eat until they have multiplied to a safe number.  But it is up to Tom to decide when we move from this spot."
"Thank you, Fran.  There is still the matter of the, uh, locals.  We all saw the clubs they were carrying.  It's a safe bet they agree with Jack's personal taste on the soup and have been eating each other.  They are out there watching us.  You can bet your life on it.  Elli, no more foraging on your own.  We leave the camp only in pairs or larger groups.  We are all taking turns at guard duty.  You boys have been good about that, and I appreciate it.  We need to work out a permanent rotation.  I do not think we can afford to send out a small group to see what is down stream.  We are too few.  We are going to get our bearings here.  Then we will move out as a group, and head down stream.
"Some of you want to track those cannibals.  We don't have time or manpower for that.  Besides, we'd just be playing into their game.  Those of us they failed to get would end up being just like them.  You know that what I am telling you is true.  There is no end to vendettas, only death.  We all are aware of what the likes of Fenrir have planned for us.  We have no choice in the matter but to play the hand we are dealt.  My assumption is that Fenrir's crew will leave us alone for quite some time.  We must spend that time learning how to live on this world and preparing for their return.  The best we can do is be ready and not let them take us by surprise.  Remember, they want us and our future children alive.  Dead slaves are no good to them.  If we get ourselves together and work together, we can be ready for them.
"I don't need to tell you how important it is that we all work together.  As far as we know there are only wild, desperate men out there.  They will sure as hell pick us off one at a time if we let them.
"Jack, your days as a rugged individualist have prepared you your whole life for just this kind of situation.  I saw you throw the rock that popped the cannibal chief yesterday.  No, I'm not calling you out to reprimand you.  I have something to tell you.  You can no longer afford to act only on your own account, and that will end now.  We are only living through this if we work together.  Everyone, Jack is my second in command from now on, until one of the cannibals gets me."
There was no foolish discussion about democracy.  Who would want to lead that bunch of hard heads anyhow?  They had all been part of an elite militia.  They understood how foolish an idea it is to put things to a vote in an emergency situation.  They were not under siege and were all perfectly willing to discuss things as they pleased.  But, Jack, surprised as the rest by the appointment, would not dare question Tom's decision, even though it made him feel uncomfortable and more than a little put upon.
The space women, as the boys called them, were not adapting easily.  Fran and Jackie were able to organize them and put them to work keeping up the campsite, gathering peat and water, but they would not touch the worms.  They could not stand the sight of them, or any bugs for that matter.  So Elli organized the foraging parties.  The men would hunt worms and cut the peat.  The women would collect the peat and the water.  The women took care of the camp except for the cooking.   They would eat it because they were hungry, but the girls would have nothing to do with the soup until it was in the from of mush.  Tom saw too it that Jack helped him set an example and shared his rations with his "mate", but only asked her to eat soup at the meals when no rations were issued.  The men thus ate the bulk of the soup, like it or not.  Jackie provided the most entertainment at mealtime, making a show of liking the soup and refusing rations unless they were the only thing on the menu.  Brigit, who always sought to live up to Jackie's brave example, also forced herself to develop a taste for the soup.  The others soon went along with her example.  Jackie at first made a point of commenting on how the soup smelled much better than Fenrir and was tastier than his flavorless slop.
One chore the men worked on was the fortification of the camp.  They piled rocks as a fence.  The fence was growing into a wall before the cannibals returned.  They began gathering one afternoon just in sight of the camp, which was located on a slight rise in the bleak landscape.  This time there were women and children as well.  Everyone knew that by their screams.  Were they eating them, one at a time?  Or just beating them?  No one wanted to speak of it too loudly, not to frighten the women.  The space women were frightened anyway.  They were afraid to leave the camp as soon as the stranger's presence become know.  All the men knew that a siege would not work out well for them.
On the second night Tom spoke to them around the campfire.  "I've been waiting for those buzzards to return.  The reason we did not just head down stream on the second day after we were dropped here was because I knew they would track us.  We would never be safe with them after us.  There is only one thing we can do, and that is wipe them out.  The men I mean.  I suppose the women and children are harmless.  Jack's patrol counted over fifty grown men, and could not detect any more coming, but there still might be some filtering in.  I know we cannot kill them all at one time, but here is my plan.
"We attack before dawn.  They seem to be afraid of the dark.  Elli says it might have something to do with the scorps being active at night, so be sure to blouse your pants legs.  We only kill as many as we can get on the first go round.  Do not expose yourself to danger.  The purpose of the attack is to kill as many as we can as a distraction.  My expectation is that the rest will butcher and eat the fallen.  They will then have less incentive to attack us.  We will then keep attacking them either until they are all dead or they leave.  We have the traps set so we are only leaving ten men here to guard the camp.  I know some of you will say that if we all go we could finish them, but the risk is too great.  What if they are planning to attack us?  What if they are not all afraid of the dark?  We have to keep at them.  It is the only way it will be safe for us to leave this spot.  Remember to conserve your arrows.  Make every shot count."
It was still dark when the war party of twenty-one set out.  The girls were upset that their men were leaving them but Fran and Jackie were able to calm them with Brigit's help.  She had always been their leader and protector, as much as she could be, in their previous life aboard ship.  Her personality seemed to be growing as a result of her association with Jackie.
As soon as the war party was far enough away to be beyond the point of being recalled the harassment began.  It started with hoots and catcalls from the darkness.  The first move in the camp was to get the women into the shelter of the boxes and crates in the center of camp.  They began pelting the tents with an occasional rock.  One of the few high tech items someone had thought to bring was night vision goggles with a small solar cell recharger.  It belonged to Ellenton.  He took his defensive position and waited for a target of opportunity.  One soon showed himself and he fell with only a grunt, impaled in the solar plexus.  Another, and then another, then he could hear and see them running in panic.  He got one more in the back.
"Fran, Jackie, I've got'em on the run.  I see where they're going.  I'm going after them."  He spoke in a harsh whisper.
Fran, "Not alone.  Take two with you.  That's all we can spare."
The handful of cannibals were fleeing in the same direction the war party had gone.  They were running, sometimes tripping in the rough terrain.  Ellenton could recognize the leader among them.  He took careful aim and wounded him in the leg.  His yells alerted everyone in the area of the war party and the cannibal encampment.  The pursuers closed in carefully on them.  The cannibals were ambushed by the war party who could see their silhouettes in the starlight.  When Ellenton caught up with the wounded leader he silenced him with an arrow to the throat, but the camp was now in turmoil.  The war party made contact with the others.
"I got their leader, Tom." 
"Good work, son.  Retrieve the arrows.  We're bugging out for camp.  Our work is done for the night."
Dawn revealed that the cannibals, the men at least, had fled the area.  Tom, Jack, and Ellenton scouted the area before dawn.  The men were in a hurry to leave, the women and children, who seemed to be their captives, were abandoned.  The men all left in the same direction.  There was some discussion of following them up but Tom vetoed the idea.  They would investigate the abandoned encampment first.  Tom and Jack were not prepared for the horrific scene that awaited.  When Ellenton saw what had been going on with the advantage of his night vision goggles, he had tried to warn them, but his words were not sufficient.  It was evident that their captives had been their food supply for the anticipated siege.  They were indescribably pitiful.  They were too weak to run and almost beyond caring.
Tom used his whistle to signal the all clear and all for assistance.  Jack, in spite of his outward bravado was in a state of shock.  Ellenton was able to ignore the condition of the surviving captives and observe the details of the camp with an eye to learning about how they survived.  It was evident that the cannibals used the offal and other inedible parts to attract the scorps, which were roasted.  They had primitive stone flake tools.  There were discarded rags and soiled torn blankets littering the area.  Some of the rags seemed to be made of Human skin.  A half dozen Rangers arrived to help the survivors back to the camp.  They were seven women, four adolescent girls, three young boys, two young girls, and five toddlers and infants.  To say they suffered from traumatic stress would fail to do them justice.  They were in a state of complete terror and submission.  Tom could see that his plan had failed.  True, the cannibals were gone for now, but it would now be impossible to either pursue them or to leave as the plan had called for.  Just leaving the survivors in possession of their camp while they began their trek down stream would have been an ultimate death sentence.  The cannibals would have returned for them eventually.
Only Fran was willing to give voice to what some of the other's had thought.  It was in the evening by the campfire.  "You realize, Tom, that we could leave these pathetic people here to serve as bait for the cannibals while we make good our escape downstream."
Tom nodded.  "We have been down that road once.  No more innocent deaths."  No one else mentioned it again.  He was thinking, but did not say, "besides, the food would only strengthen them and help them find us."
The question was soon settled for them as most of the survivors died one at a time.  Jackie was convinced they had given up and were dying of a broken heart.  She told her mother as much, but Fran turned away, unable to answer.  The hardest part for the space women to endure was the deaths of the infants.  It seemed to have a special significance to them that none of them could express and no one could guess, above and beyond the fact that everyone hates to see a baby pass away.  To Fran the women of the ship were her girls.  As she saw how they reacted she knew that Tom had made the right decision, tactically.  But she was learning to see more than that.  She could see that there had been a horror in her girls' lives that had been on a par with the suffering of the captives.  She learned that the girls would have never been able to accept the abandonment of the survivors, especially the infants.  If Tom had been inclined to follow her suggestion it would have certainly torn the group to pieces.  There are higher values than tactical advantage.  Fran thought of them as strategic values.  She could see now that her willingness to push the button back on Earth, and destroy the Widgets indiscriminately had been a strategic mistake of the highest order, an atrocity.  Tom had let her do it so he shared the guilt, but she had acted willingly.  He had been frozen in indecision and fear of defeat.  She wondered, if he had not been so exhausted would he have still let her do it?
The ordeal of the captives was coming to a close with no sign of the cannibals.  Vigorous and frequent patrols never located a new trace of them.  The wind had covered their tracks and they had not retuned.  Only one of the women, two of the boys, and one of the girls lasted out the week, and they seemed to be regaining their health.  It would soon be time to move.
The Rangers prepared by packing everything the group could carry.  The supplies had dwindled to a manageable amount.  The crates were disassembled and either converted to a new use or burned.
The survivors proved to be useful to the group and not a burden after all.  The compound was swept clean and kept clear of the scorps because they had discovered that the things would attack you in your sleep, trying to crawl into the bodily openings and eat you from the inside out.  The two boys taught Ellenton how to lure and gather the scorps without the gruesome methods of the cannibals.  It seemed the arachnoids were attracted to Human feces as well.  They would wait for the scorps to approach the latrines at night and whack them, collecting a large supply to roast the next morning.  He was careful to explain to the boys by means of signs, because they spoke an unknown language, not to reveal this trade secrete for fear of ruining everyone's appetite.  It had been difficult enough for him to convince the others of the nutritional benefits of his slime soup, with or without the worms and scorps.
The packing up sent the space women into a tizzy.  The more anyone tried to persuade them of the necessity of the move the more stubborn they became.  Brigit explained their point of view to the others.  "They are afraid to leave this compound." 
Jackie expanded upon Brigit's terse comment.  "The girls were raised inside a confined and enclosed space ship.  How can anyone reasonably expect them to want to just wander about under the sky after the things that have just happened in the last few weeks?  You men built this place for them so they could feel safer and now you want to leave.  Why? Because you don't like the food.  I think we have to come up with a better reason than that.  We have no idea what is out there and where we are going, or if there will be anything better when we get there.  I tend to agree with them.  Somebody has to take the risk and see what's out there before you can ask the rest of us to go.  Besides, we can't get far carrying all this stuff.  What kind of sense does it make to move a few kilometers a day and camp in an exposed place every night?"
The decision was made to scout out the area in the down hill direction of the stream.  Jack and Ellenton volunteered to go.  Tom refused to allow any more to leave out of concern for the security of the camp.
The air of this place, whether it was the world or the altitude, was thinner than Earth near sea level.  Everyone had adapted well to it.  Some of the space women mentioned that the air was thicker than they were accustomed to and that the atmosphere aboard the space ship had been made thicker than normal for the comfort of the "guests".  The sky had not shown any sign of rain since their arrival, which had led Ellenton to speculate that they were in a continental climate zone, that upstream from them there could be mountains.  Jack was still set on down stream as the way to go because it would more likely lead to more water while up stream seemed to point to more desolation.
Since the rabbits Ellenton had brought seemed to be able to live off the local moss their chances of long-term survival seemed good.  His "mate" Kira had taken to the creatures and was happy to tend to them in his absence.  Jackie encouraged her to let Jack's "mate" Ingrid help her, which helped her to keep her thoughts off her absent lover as well.  No one dared explain to the girls the intended ultimate use of the rabbits.  All the men, with the help of Jackie's strong hints, had the common sense to avoid the topic.
The apparently uncommonly high level of mental stability of the men was a topic of some interest and discussion between Tom, Fran, and Jackie.  They agreed that the personal medical and biological history of all the convicts had been carefully researched.  It had all been planned in advance.  They concluded, correctly that Fenrir did not have the means to do that alone, and that it must have been the Ambassador, William Jobbs.  Why Jackie was included was more difficult to explain.  Was the irrational and aggressive behavior of her former fiancée, that was the Eugenicists euphemism for the couples in an arraigned union, a set up as well, a kind of test of her metal?  Or was her inclusion in the group just a case of an opportunistic decision?
There was also the question of mate swapping among some of the space women.  Jackie insisted that it was a good thing because they had all been assigned a mate by Fenrir.  The fact that they might choose somebody else proved that they were developing more autonomous personalities because they were able to disregard Fenrir's orders assigning them a mate.  Fran was concerned about the possibility of conflict.  Tom was completely unconcerned.  He only made one comment on the subject.
"The men never asked for this.  And look at it from their point of view.  Each one of those women is amazingly beautiful, but each one of them is equally, as you so correctly put it Jackie, innocent.  There is very little to choose from between them.  I believe the boys have accepted their fate in this case."
Fran's answer, "But have you, Tom?"
Jackie quickly changed the subject.
***
"Elli, what do you think you are going to shoot with that blow gun?"  Before the two had set out on their trek Elli had made a blowgun of a piece of plastic conduit from the crates and had made a supply of darts from the splinters and packing material.
"You never know, Jack.  Maybe there are bigger bugs where we're going. What if there are pollywogs of some sort, anything too small to waste an arrow on."
Otherwise, the pair hardly spoke to each other.  It was not that they did not like each other.  They did not want to advertise themselves to whatever locals they might be passing.  They were not looking for people, so they did not stop to investigate when they found signs such as disturbed ground or the remains of a fire.  It was to be expected that there would be people near water but they did not find much indication.  On the fourth day they encountered a child.  He or she, they could not tell, cowered in the shadow of the overhanging eroded rocks the stream was passing through at that point, and attempted to hide behind a bolder, holding perfectly still.
The two men stopped.  Jack was most concerned that there might be others ready to ambush them from above and motioned Elli to deal with the child while he kept watch.  The child's only clothing was a tightly wrapped loincloth and a similar piece of cloth wrapped around the head.  Jack and Elli both understood the functionality of the dress, to keep the scorps away from bodily openings while asleep.  Elli set down his hiking staff and opened his hands facing out to show he was not a threat.  He pointed to himself and spoke his name.  He then pointed to Jack and spoke his name.  Then he took an energy bar from a shirt pocket.  Unwrapped it and made signs indicating it was good to eat.  He offered it to the child.
For the first time the tension evident in the child's face seemed to slacken a little.  Elli took a slight step forward holding out the food.  When the child did not bolt he slowly came within reach and handed over the energy bar.  After the child finished gulping down the bar there was an awkward moment.  The child was obviously torn between the urge to flee and the desire to make new friends.  Elli spoke soothingly and offered a hand in friendship, but the child bolted upstream, hopped the bank, and was gone.
"He thought you were going to grab him, Elli."
"Are you sure it was a he?"
"Don't know and don't care.  What if he tells his folks?"
"I don't think that will be a problem, Jack.  I think it was a feral child."
"Damn, just what we need, a kid tagging along."
"Having a straggler could come in handy.  Might warn us if anyone is following.  Besides, he's likely too scared to follow us."
The question was soon settled hours later when someone tossed a pebble into the stream beside them.  They turned around startled to see the kid standing there smiling at the simple prank.  There was no one else in sight.  Elli motioned for the child to catch up with them but there was no reaction.
"He's playing hard to get.  Let him hang back if he likes.  We have already lost time messing with him."  They turned and left the child behind who followed at a safe distance.
Well before sunset the child made a small hoot.  The men turned to see what he wanted.  He was pointing ahead and shaking his head no in warning.  They had thought that they might be getting close to a river or maybe the sea, because they could smell it in the air.  Elli motioned the child to stay where he was and the two proceeded forward again with greater caution.  They had climbed out of the streambed as the secondary banks created during times of flood were becoming too high.  Jack feared ambush.  They could see that the terrain changed abruptly a couple of hundred meters ahead.  They could hear either surf or rushing water and could not tell which.  Soon they were standing at the edge of the cliff.  The ocean and the waterfall, that was what they had heard.  The child had caught up with them and stood beside them, just out of reach, and viewed the expanse of the ocean and the beach.  He pointed at something near the shore, where the water of the stream joined with the sea.  Both the men had to resort to their binoculars because they could not tell what they were looking at.  It seemed to be a huge amorphous blob.  Parts of it were in motion, possibly capturing the occasional fresh water shrimp that had come over the waterfall.  It was a primitive life form they had never imagined before.  Then something struck at it from the deep.  There was a struggle, but no one could tell the outcome.
Jack made only one comment.  "Now I see what the kid was warning us about.  What the hell is that thing?"
"I have no idea, and I'm not curious enough to go down there and find out the hard way."
They looked at the kid who was looking at them, arms folded, with an expression of satisfaction.  Elli tried to offer the binoculars because he could see the child was interested in them but without success.  "Jack, I think we should head back the way we come.  There are strange markings, like huge snail or slug tracks all around here.  Those things or worse could be active on the land after sunset." 
"Alright, Elli, but I think we should sneak back here after dark and check it out with your night vision goggles, since we've come all this way."  The kid then made a sudden move, grabbing Elli's walking staff.  He lunged the pointed end into the water and brought out a large shrimp, the size of one of Elli's rabbits.  He took the shrimp off the staff and tossed the staff back at Elli's feet but would not part with the shrimp.
"Well, looks like the kid's caught supper, and one hell of a lot better than those damn scorps, Elli."
"You do have a point there, provided he is willing to share."  The child kept a close grip on the shrimp but did not leave the two adults as they made their way back up stream.  They decided not to sleep very close to the stream.  Elli suggested they find a sandy spot at a distance, a place not inviting to a creature that excretes slime as it moves.
When they found the right spot Elli noticed something else.  "Look at those tracks.  It could be some kind of big crab, or maybe scorp."
"Well, shit, big scorps or slime creatures, we have to make camp soon.  I say we go with the scorps.  We're going to have to take turns keeping watch."
Elli succeeded in persuading the child to share the catch by setting out the cooking utensils and offering a handful of energy bars.  The child stuffed down the energy bars and watched the process of preparing the shrimp with fascination.
***
The return to camp had been uneventful, but new information about the cannibals had slowly been obtained from the former captives.  The adult, Svetlanna, could actually speak a little English.  She had been transported to the planet as a child.  The reasons were a mystery to her.  She had been taken from her family in central Europe by a snatch team.  She could not explain why, because she had Eugenics credentials.  Criminal gangs are obviously not restricted by legality, so this did not surprise her new friends, who explained to her the probable purpose of this colony.  She informed them of the location of the cannibal's main camp.  A few kilometers away there was a large lake associated with a great cavern.  The lake contained the same kind of shrimp as were in the stream.  They were probably part of the same watershed but there was no time for such exploration.  With this new information, the question of doing the cannibals in seemed more realistic.  She was willing to lead them to the enemy.
The information about the dangers of living too close to the ocean made the decision to finish off the cannibals and move camp to the lake seem more plausible.  The space women would still object to moving anywhere, but could be handled if the danger of surprise attack were eliminated.  They would certainly move with the men if left no alternative.
A campaign against the cannibals could take weeks.  There would be scouting and spying, the preparation of an advanced base, and the development of a plan of attack.  The cannibals seemed to be completely thoughtless of the future, given their actions so far and description of their behavior as Svetlanna had witnessed it.
Svetlanna recognized the feral child.  It was her daughter, Yvonna.
The attack was well organized and executed flawlessly.  The cannibals' numbers had dwindled, due to...natural...attrition.  Without the forceful personality of their leader all organization and structure within the group had broken down.  Only one rule had remained, the war of all against all.  One faction had conspired against the other. The few of the captives at the lake who had escaped captivity and not been eaten had disappeared into the vastness of the place, the land about them.  In fact the battle at the lake had been pathetically easy once the cannibals had realized they were defeated.  They simply gave up and let themselves be killed.  There had never been any question about taking cannibals prisoner.  They were killed to the last man and woman.  They had already eaten the children.  That was the end of them.  The Rangers suffered no casualties.
Some of the Rangers argued the question among themselves about the decision to take no prisoners.  Some argued that it was a mercy killing, others a necessity.  Jackie, who was present at the advanced base with Brigit who had refused to let her friend leave without her, argued most effectively.
"You had no choice.  They kidnapped and ate people.  They were all murderers and they knew what they were.  That is why they let you kill them in the end.  What difference does it make whether they wanted to live or die or whether any of them could have been redeemed from such horrible life decisions.  We could not afford to take the risk.  They were too dangerous to be allowed to live and had to go.  That's the end of it."
"Yea, like the end that was made of the Widgets back on Earth."  Jack did not wish to face Jackie's glare after that remark.
Ellenton continued the discussion.  "The situation was different on Earth.  True, the Widgets were in one sense the captive victims of the Ceefers, but they were tools as well.  The limitation of the weapon, the fact that it had to kill them all even those who were not actively doing wrong, was the objection to its use.  But it was clear that they were all potential weapons.  Living with them on Earth was no safer than living with these cannibals here."
Jack responded, in his own way admitting defeat in the discussion.  "Elli, you have become quite a philosopher.  What do you think we should call this world we now live on?"
"Fenrir.  It's bleak and unforgiving.  And the soup we make of it smells to high heaven."
That got a laugh out of the whole group.  As they marched someone called out.  "It's a good name for your soup, Elli, if not the whole planet.  This place reminds me of Arizona, but without the cactus."
<                                               Chapter 3


The small spacecraft, which some Humans might have described as a flying saucer, hovered over the encampment of the Human exiles.  There was no one insight, but the occupants of the craft detected their heat signatures in small underground structures.  "We know you are there.  We mean you no harm.  We only wish to meet with you and talk.  We are not the aliens who brought you here.  We are their enemies.  We wish to know if it is safe to land and disembark."  The same message repeated several times.  Until one man crawled out of his dugout and confronted the craft.
"Please, we only wish to speak with you.  If we disembark one unarmed crew member will you attack?"
"No, we won't attack."
The ship landed next to the exposed dwellings, one crewmember walked down the open ramp.  It was bipedal and dressed in a heavy suite resembling one of those silvery suits worn by firemen at an airport.  It raised a hand in greeting.
"Hello, I represent the Galactic Consortium.  We are the enemies of the Hegemony who brought you here."
***
When the ship descended toward the exiles it had been over a year since they had moved camp close to the lake.  The few who were fishing hid in the cave.  The others bolted for the dugouts, the best protection the people could manage against windstorms.  Others began to appear form hiding, but none of the space women.  They trembled for the fait of their newly born children.
Tom faced the suited figure.  "I'm always amazed that you people speak English.  Well, what is it you want?  Why are you here?"
"If by 'you people' you mean beings from outer space, then I understand you.  I repeat.  We are not the same as the ones who brought you here.  Out technology is similar, but we are different.  We neither enslave nor attempt to rule planets.  We have a common enemy.  I hope that simple fact can be the beginning of the basis of a friendship.  I must warn you, to begin with, that we lack the means to take all of you home at this time, and public knowledge of your return from exile could still result in retaliation from the forces who sent you here."
"Why should we care to be your friends?"  Tom asked.
"The tragic events which brought you here, the killing of the ones you call Widgets, also afflicted extensive damage on the Hegemonic forces surrounding the Earth.  There has been much conflict surrounding their agents on Earth, a general rebellion against them.  It might be a surprise to you that the one who conspired to sell you out, your former Ambassador, has lead a vendetta against all Hegemonic agents known to him, while consolidating his power base.  In addition, Hegemonic forces have a hidden base near your home state on the island of Bermuda.  We are able to predict that soon they will be in direct conflict with your revolutionary forces as a result of information the Hegemons have supplied to the Ranger command structure."
"This is interesting news, but what can we possibly do about it here?  Why are you telling us this?"
"I assume you are the spokesman for this group, Thomas Sumter Meclavich?”
"I am."
"I am Operative Squeltchmec of the Galactic Consortium of Free and Independent Beings.  We have been in conflict with the Galactic Hegemony for unnumbered generations.  They represent forces far beyond your knowledge.  What you and your world have experienced, the introduction of the mind control technology is only a taste of the evil they can impose upon you.  You must by now be aware of your reason for being here.  If you knew the ultimate intended fate of your offspring and their descendents you might well despair of living.  I am here to offer you a chance to fight back.  If you accept my help, it will benefit both our causes.  It will help you avoid certain slavery, and worse, and you will help us by depriving our enemy of the vital resource you represent to them."
"Alright, how can you help us?"  Tom answered.  "Is there something worse than mind control? Worse than slavery?  Worse than exile among cannibals?"
"I will supply you with simple hand held weapons and recharging devices.  The weapons are electromagnetic disruptors that are used to, as you say, shoot down space ships.  They work by disrupting the anti-gravity field propulsion system.  The ship then falls like a stone.  We will also provide you with projectile weapons more advanced than your bow and arrow.  And, to answer your other questions, yes, telepathic intrusion and manipulation.  You should expect, that in the case of the arrival here of your true enemy, the ones who control the puppets you have dealt with so far, to see the young women they have provided you, behave irrationally.  It will get into their dreams.  There will be consequences, the nature of which is unpredictable.  It will invade your dreams as well.  It can even cause, what may seem as hallucinations.  For that eventuality, I will also provide you with special headgear.  I suggest you, or at least those of you on guard duty, wear it at all times.  It is impossible to predict when it might be needed."
"How do we know that these weapons and defenses work?"
"If I may approach you I will demonstrate the effect."  The alien stepped forward and handed Tom a shiny metal cap.  There was no sound, but the Agent seemed to speak inside Tom's head.  "I am speaking to you with an artificial telepathic amplifier.  Put on the headgear.  It is already activated.  You will notice..."
Tom was confused and stunned and complied.  The voice in his head stopped.
"Now, you are again hearing sound.  Now I will demonstrate the electromagnetic disruptor." A small conveyance, floated down the ramp, loaded with various alien devices.  It drifted to the Agent.  He removed a device and it drifted across the clearing, several meters away.  He pointed the device at it, pressing the trigger.  It fell to the ground with a thump.  "Those, I give to you.  You can keep the trolley for your own use and for target practice.  All these devices, including the trolley, have built in solar chargers.  There is one more bit of information I wish to pass on to you privately, if you would please remove the head gear for a moment?"  Tom seemed reluctant to comply.  "The telepathic amplifier in my suit is short range and can not reach the others.  If I were to reveal this to all present it would unduly terrify the young women."
Tom removed the cap.  His mind was assaulted by the image of the beast.  It was huge and ugly and seemed to be part reptilian and part bovine in construction, an image of the devil himself.  It reeked of malice and contempt.  A Human servant handed it something, an infant.  It grasped the tiny baby in one large hand and bit off its head, sucking out the blood, then consumed the rest.  It roared its contempt and derision at its prostrate slaves...mercifully the image stopped playing in his head.  He put the cap back on as quickly as he could.  "That was an impressive display.  If this is truly the fate you were warning against earlier we do have reason to be alarmed.  I'm familiar with the concept of propaganda.  If that was propaganda, it was overkill.  You did not need to show me that to convince me to help you.  Now I am skeptical."
"You can believe me or not as you will, but you can not believe that the pathetically weak creature, who calls itself Fenrir, is acting alone.  He is, in fact, what is left of one of the monster's Human servants.  His Human personality seems to have died long ago and all that is left is a shell, somewhat like those cannibals you spoke of, but a crafty, vicious predator much like his master."
Ellenton's night vision goggles had a directional long-range sound amplifier that he used to eavesdrop on the conversation.  "Tom is getting an earful."  He spoke to Fran, Jackie, and Jack.  "It seems the alien can communicate by telepathy and has revealed something about the monster that controls Fenrir.  Evidently it is was too frightening to let the young ladies overhear."
Brigit approached and joined the conversation.  She was the only space woman who dared show herself.  "This one" meaning the Agent, "rebels against Fenrir."
Jackie answered her, "Yes, dear, he says he and his friends are the enemies of Fenrir and the others like him and those monsters they serve."  The mention of the monsters caused Brigit to tremble visibly.  "He is giving us weapons to defend ourselves so they can not take any of us away to their ships."
"Will he take you home?"
"He says he can not take all of us.  If I know the Rangers, they came together and will all leave together, and they would never leave you women and their children behind.  I would never leave you here alone, and my mother would never leave me alone here.  So we stay."
***
In another star system far from Earth or the exile planet, the Monster who collaborated with the agents of the Consortium,  "Thank you for the piglets my children."
Agent, "We asked you never to call us that, yet you persist."
The Monster, "Old habits die hard.  My brothers and sisters would have my head on a spit, yet I care for them not.  Soon," soon to him had a different meaning than it has for more ephemeral creatures, "I will be rid of them all.  The one who calls himself Loki, have you found him where I suspected?"
Agent, "Yes, he is there, on Earth with his slave, Fafnir.  Fenrir has escaped for now, but we laid a trap for him.  Loki is already betrayed by his former Human collaborator on Earth.  They will soon put an end to him.  He is done in by uncharacteristic boldness."
The Monster, "His greed overwhelmed his judgment.  He grasps for too much that was never his to take.  He always underestimated his Human prey.  Things are going well.  Report back to me when you have done in this one and I will give you another."
Back in the safety of their ship the Agents confer.  "I have given you my report.  He's holding out on us just as you predicted.  The monster has yet to tell us very little we have not already discovered ourselves.  I recommend we nuke the beast and be done with it.  There is always the danger the monster is just using us to find a way to get to the Elders.  They always reveal their true nature to us by their actions, eventually.  If we are being used to get rid of a faction among the beasts, when we have finished our purpose, they will get rid of us as well.  Too much more indecision and he will escape."  The launch order was given.
Only after the warhead was too far to recall did anyone else speak.  "What if this one truly did repent of his evil and that of his kind?  We will have destroyed a potential friend instead of an enemy.  None of you believe it is really possible.  I am not so certain.  Their predatory instincts aside, they are sentient beings as well."
Another objected.  "One who once grew fat by eating the baby's of other sentient beings.  I do not buy it."
A crewmember interrupted the meeting with a report.  "The target escaped.  Should we pursue?"
The Captain waived the crewmember off.  "Too late.  It would be a trap, now that we tried to kill the damned thing.  But send a spy drone after him.  We'll see if it makes it back.  And disarm the warhead on that rocket and send a retrieval shuttle."
***
A flying saucer hovered over the goat pasture next to The Big House.  A loud speaker within it broadcast a message to those in the house.  Strangely, to everyone looking out the windows, the voice was familiar.
"Please do not open fire.  We have come in peace, Earthlings."
It dawned on George first.  "Damn!  That's Jack!"  Jack was his nephew.  He ran outside into the front yard as fast as he could.  No one else dared come out.
The space ship settled in the pasture, next to the gate leading to the yard.  A figure dressed in a shinny jumpsuit wearing a shinny skullcap walked down the ramp to meet George.  The two shook hands.
"What the hell, Jack?!"
"We don't have much time, George.  Those evil spacemen who took us have enemies who are helping us and you here on Earth.  The slaver's HQ, as you know, is on Bermuda.  It seems that some space monster that controls the slaver spacemen has turned the Duke into his Widget.  The monster is stranded in the fortress, maybe.  Maybe it's a trap.  No one can tell me for sure.  If any of our boys get within a tenth of click of the fortress that thing could make your head explode, from what they tell me.  That is what this shinny cap is for."  He pointed to his head.  The beings dressed in the "fireman's suits" brought down two large plastic crates.  "We have a present for you, some anti-mind-control caps and some ray guns for shooting down flying saucers.  There should be complete specifications in the crates for building more and instructions on their proper use.  I can't stay long, Uncle George."
"What the hell?  Mind control?  Monsters from outerspace?  I would never have believed it."
"You don't know the half of it.  It seems there is also that mythical love starved alien race dying to reproduce with Earthmen.  Oh, I forgot.  You never did like Frank Zappa."
"None of this science fiction shit ever made sense to me.  But what the hell do I know?  Why couldn't they bring you boys home?"
"They pointed out that it might cause retaliation, and then there are the women.  They saddled us with a bunch of clueless slave girls and mamma Fran would have our balls if we ditched'em."
"Alright, Jack.  I think I'll leave that part out.  It might upset some of the women you left behind.  How is everyone?"
"Tom is fine.  As for the rest, no serious casualties so far.  Jackie had her baby, it's a boy.  I have to go now, Uncle George.  If you catch this monster thing alive keep it in an electrified Faraday cage.  We will be back some day after we have defeated those bastards."
***
Brigit never thought of her life as unusual.  She had no basis for comparison until she met the people of Earth.  Her life was not unusual, in her context, but it was certainly different.  She was raised in what she could now think of as a Hegemony breeding facility.  It was a closed, indoor community.  The gravity was close to Earth normal.  She did not know where it was or if it was even on a planet.  No one was ever allowed outside until they were transferred to a ship.  Agoraphobia might be a common complaint of anyone raised in those conditions.  The masters had a way of weeding that out.  It happened in the dream state.  She had no way of knowing this, but those who suffered too strong a reaction to exposure to open space were culled.  She never knew why some of her friends disappeared.  Only that they were gone.  There were many reasons for culling none of which were ever explained.
Before she met the people of Earth she did not understand that the Masters were really just the willing slaves of Loki.  Those who sought to please him and were the best at it.  They lived in fear as well.  They also suffered under the perfect regime of social control that insured that everything ran smoothly and according to plan, the regime of mind control and telepathic spying.  It never occurred to her to question that the Masters might know what she was thinking, or that the Beast knew all when he was near.  It was the way they all lived.
However, she did know about the fate of the little babies who disappeared.  The Beast ate them.  It was a recurring nightmare she could not escape.  The Beast was in his lair.  Fafnir or Fenrir or some other trusted servant would bring an infant and present it to the Beast.  The Beast would grab the squirming infant in its huge hand and, sticking its screaming head into its gaping mouth, bit it off with a sickening crunch, sucking the blood before devouring the rest.  The Beast would then glare at her with both derision and menace in his hideous face and roar.  The terror of it would always wake her.  She knew the name of the Beast but dared not think it for fear of summoning his evil.  He was Loki.
After the arrival of the weapons brought by the agents of the Consortium, she and the other women felt more secure in their new lives.  They felt that the Rangers, their men, would protect them from the previously unspoken horror.  Brigit was the first to dare to speak of it.  She regretted that she had not warned Jack before he left on his mission to Earth.  Surely he was going to the new lair of the Beast, but she gathered that he would come back and would not have to face the terror himself.  That knowledge made her feel better, but still she needed to tell her friend, Jackie.  She explained in her own way as best she could.
"Jackie, I fear for Jack."
"Why, my dear?"  Jackie could sense that this was something more than the fear the women had felt at the time of the attack on the cannibals when many of the men had to leave camp.
"The Beast.  He is the master of Fenrir and Fafnir.  This place you speak of, Bermuda, is surely his lair.  His power is great.  In his presence the cap will not protect you.  Jack should not go near the Beast."  Her voice trembled as she spoke.  It took all her strength to force out the words.
"Brigit, it's alright.  This beast cannot touch us here.  You can tell me.  What do you know of it?  We need to know more about it to fight it."
"He, he gets in your head.  He knows what you think and how you feel.  He can make you do things.  There is no escape.  I dream about him."  Jackie nodded, encouraging her to say more.  "He ate my baby boy."  Her voice trembled as she almost lost control.  "He dose not like baby boys.  He does not want to let them live, unless they are his special pets.  I was not there.  He put it in my mind in a dream.  The dream comes back, sometimes.  There are other dreams.  He watches.  He knows we are here.  He is far away but he knows, because he got into my mind.  Now he will never go away.  He follows me."  Now she was speaking as if in a trance.  She was forcing herself to speak, forcing herself against some deep compulsion.
"Fenrir and Fafnir have some of his power, but it is not the same.  They use a thing to spy on your mind, and they use the thing in your ear to control you.  They never leave the chair.  They are stuck in it.  That is why they stink.  They are dirty and rotting.  But the one in the chair is not Fenrir and not Fafnir.  It was a man, but now it is dead and Fenrir makes him move and uses his body.  When the body finishes dying they get a new one from the crew, Loki's special pets."  She was overwhelmed with disgust.  She could not think of anything else to say.
"Brigit, if the one in the chair is not Fenrir, then what is Fenrir?"
"The chair, there is something in the chair, something no one ever sees.  It is alive.  It is Fenrir."
"Or what's left of him..."  Jackie could not help but add.
***
The Duchy of Bermuda no longer enjoyed the tourist trade since the Duke became a shut-in inside his fortress.  There were roomers of disappearances, strange creatures, and unusual sightings, UFOs...
No matter what the Duke did to debunk these roomers, they persisted.  Especially the disappearances, there is not much to do to debunk tourists going missing when the relatives are too far out of reach to silence.
Rodger Lee had all the evidence he needed.  Bermuda was the transshipping point for most of the children kidnapped from South Carolina and other surrounding states.  He sent out a call for volunteers from the affected states.  A sizable force was assembled at Charleston harbor.  It was all done confidentially, but there were sure to be leaks.  There was good reason to believe that the Council on Foreign Relations had washed its hand of the place.  Its garrison had been withdrawn at the commencement of the Revolution, never to be replaced.  The invasion force had obtained a first class fleet of high-speed hover boats on loan from the inventory of the South East Regional Defense Coalition, boats that had been confiscated from the CFR. 
The Coalition Force had intelligence concerning the nature of the strange creatures, Widget animals, monkey-dogs to be precise.  They were a kind of remote control war dog with an armed monkey on its back, a lot cheaper than armored robotic vehicles, but much easier to kill.  There were likely to be thousands in the Duke's kennels.
The new CEO of Intellicorp, Fredrick Jennings, had provide detailed information on the objective, as well as an explicit warning to Rodger not to accompany the invasion force because an assassin had been planted among the inter-state volunteers.  Fred had recently married the brilliant and talented CEO of Combined Entertainment Media, Felice Desmond.  She had gained power during the revolution in a corporate coup, just as Fred had, when he broke out of his long suffering role as technical genius and arrived in Delaware, with Felice.  They had a whirlwind romance and had agreed on a mutual policy of support for the revolution and opposition to the CFR.  At first all their efforts had been spent in consolidating their position.  Now they would work with the Rangers in overthrowing the regime in Bermuda.  Fred could gain valuable information and Felice could gain valuable publicity as a daring philanthropist, boosting her ratings and revenues as well as exclusive coverage of events.  They would accompany the invasion at a safe distance from the fighting.
***
George also had a few words for Roger at the final command briefing, as well as the special equipment supplied by the aliens.
"Roger, there is something dangerous in that fortress, something different from anything we have ever encountered.  It will make the Widgets seem like child's play.  It can get in your trooper's heads.  The caps will defeat it but it is still dangerous up close.  No one gave me a clear description, except that it is big and nasty.  It has lived in zero gravity for so long it will most likely be in a special tank, but it could be contained in a machine for mobility.  The same people who gave me the weapons and the caps gave me this information, but it is all very general.  They gave me the impression that it is a loner, one of a kind.  So it should be the only big scary monster there.  If we somehow capture it, we will have to contain it in this faraday cage.  Personally, I say kill the damn thing if it is all that dangerous.  Fred and his hackers should be able to get whatever information there is about the slaver network out of the Duke's computers."
"Well George, you're welcome to do it yourself.  I've been told I should sit this on out.  It seems the Ceefers have someone gunning for me."
"And you don't think they have someone gunning for me?  Here is what I say we do.  We let it slip that neither of us can go, but we show up anyway, a surprise inspection.  Then we see who takes a shot at one of us.  I'll bet you my boys can get him first."
"Alright, George, your on.  My money says the shooter will be among the missing-in-action.  We might have an idea who, but we will never know when he might take his shot."
"I have a different idea.  It will be one of the news crews, a medic, or some support staff loafer.  It will be easy to avoid them.  We just show up at the front in the heat of battle.  In any case I intend to be there when we take this monster.  I think you'll want to be there too".
***
Jack was glad to be back on the Exile Planet, as they had named the world.  He brought gifts, paid for by his uncle, tools, seeds, and domestic animals as well as news from home.  The animals were special.  Like the rabbits, they were small, chickens, pigmy goats, hairless little Mexican pigs, the kind often used by medical researchers, and house cats.  Jack had asked for the cats.  He thought Brigit would like them.  He chose small varieties so greater numbers, a more genetically diverse population, could be transported.  He was not sure Brigit would really miss him, but she had.
The cats were the biggest hit among the Space Women.  They liked the other animals, but the knowledge of their intended use as a food source still disturbed them.  When they were told that people do not eat cats they were able to love them as pets.  The cats also had a practical use, being an especially small breed of stray cat.  They could thrive by eating the scorps.  Brigit's delight with her pet cat, Mitts, was partially shattered when she caught it eating a baby rabbit.
The population of the community had grown in his absence, more than the new births.  They had been gathering survivors from the previous abortive colonizations.  The valleys of the streams and the lake were becoming inhabited as homesteads were established.  The siege mentality of the place was greatly diminished.
Jack also brought a special pet, a lizard, an Australian Bearded Dragon, a pregnant female.   It was a present for Ellenton, and a mated pair of Mocking Birds.  Ellie had often spoken of the need for greater biodiversity on their new world.  Finally, he brought several species of game fish, Tilapia, Blue Gills, War Mouth and Catfish, all his favorites, and something for them to eat, Mullet and Mosquito Fish.  The Mosquito Fish would eat the native copepods.  In a few years the lake and local streams would be bountiful.  The seeds included grasses for the goats and rabbits.  Someday their new land would be teaming with life.
Ellenton was taken aback by his particular gifts, and set them free with much solemnity.  The Space Women were deeply impressed.  Jack kept one species as a special surprise, a handful of Toads.  He set them free by the creek as the conclusion to the ceremony.  That prompted a concluding comment from Ellie, "The dominance of the scorps in this land will soon come to an end."
Yet the real purpose of the colony was never far from their thoughts.  Eventually a new visitor came to them.  It first appeared to the women in the form of nightmares.  It was not Loki, but another, the one who had collaborated with the Consortium's agents.  The dreams reported by the women were not as singularly horrifying as the dreams once induced by Loki in Brigit.  It was the mere image of the beast that frightened them.  He called himself Odin.
Fran, Jackie, and the men were beginning to detect a pattern.  He finally appeared to Thomas in a dream.  It was an unusually lucid dream.  The being dressed himself up somewhat as a man, an Old Norse war chief.  In the dream they conversed, in a normal and calm manner, as if it were the most natural thing in the world.
"What do you want with me and why are you dressed like that?"  Thomas surprised himself with his own steady tone.  The monster was not pleasant to see.
"I am Odin.  Loki, the one whose creatures brought you to this world is my ancient enemy.  I have come to see for myself that you are really here.  This is my usual guise when dealing with Humans, from long ago.”
"You do not fool me.  I know enough about the Teutonic gods to know that Odin was a war god who demanded human sacrifices.  You do not represent good in my mind."  Thomas sensed the probing of his mind but felt open to it, as if it could never really touch him.
"Yet you are a war leader.  You have killed multitudes for your cause.  You have already made the sacrifice whether you know it or not.  I will not toy with you further.  I do not pretend to be your friend nor your benefactor.  I care no more for you than for those creatures that gave you the means to destroy me.  I seek only one thing, Loki's death."
"If you come close enough, you will find your own death here.  Stop invading the minds of my people.  Prove you mean us no harm.  Let us be."
"Thomas Sumter Meclavich, I only probed them to determine which of them is a tool of Loki.  I do not have time to waist in terrifying the helpless.  The one who calls herself Brigit was a thrall of Loki and Fenrir's tool, and yet you have turned her away from their power.  If Fenrir returns, she is the one you must watch the closest.  His ways are devious.  She will not know her own mind."
"Odin, as you call yourself, you tell me you are an enemy of Loki.  Why should I care?  Monsters pretending to be gods have no personal meaning to me.  I would as soon put an end to you both.  I left off the protective cap so I could know you.  Now I see that you can not touch me."
"Your kind, Thomas, has matured since the days of your savagery when we first discovered your kind.  Some of you imagine yourselves the equal to your former lords and masters, as I expected.  Loki, in his greed, long ago unleashed your kind on the Galaxy.  For that he and his friends will pay.  You are nothing to me except pests.  I see through your every trick and petty plans.  Only recently your new Consortium friends tried to destroy me in exchange for the help I would give them.  Since you cannot touch me, I will offer you my help instead.  I want only one thing..."
"Loki's death, yes, you already said that.  Well?  What do you offer?"
"When Fenrir or his associates come to check on you, and they will, call to me.  I know you Thomas Sumter Meclavich.  I will hear you.  I will then deal with them myself."
That was the end of the dream.  Tom awoke, and the dream was still vivid.  He noticed that Brigit was next to him.  She had crept into his bed while he slept.  He had thought he was free of her because of her infatuation with Jack, but there she was.  He sat up and looked around the subterranean chamber in the gloom.  It was illuminated by a lump of bio luminescent material Ellie had discovered growing in the stream.  He could see that Fran and Jackie were each asleep in their own beds.  He wanted to speak to Brigit and decided to risk waking them as well.  He gently touched her shoulder.  She was naked.  She rolled onto her back and spread her legs.  He could see she was only partially awake.  He was tempted by her goddess like form, but the dream was still fresh in his mind.  When he saw her eyes open he put his index finger on her lips to indicate silence and whispered to her
"The monster calling itself Odin came to me in a dream."  Her eyes became very large.  "He promised to help us destroy Loki."  Since her leg was pressing against his thigh he could feel her tremble and he could tell by her face it was fear.  His finger still pressed against her lips as he asked her, "What do you know of this?  Has he invaded your dreams?"  She nodded yes, now trembling violently.  He decided this was not the time for this conversation.  He said impulsively, "Don't be afraid, he can not come here.  He cannot touch us.  We are safe here."  She embraced him violently with all her strength.  He held her in his arms.
He could no longer resist her.  They made love as passionately as was physically possible.  As he fell into an exhausted sleep he noted that the other two women were still in their beds pretending to sleep.  He felt a menacing presence, the same feeling of being observed by a predator he had felt long ago on the State House grounds when he had walked to the ramp of the space ship.  Now he knew what it was, Loki.  He cursed violently in his mind, expressing the most hatred, contempt, and disgust he felt possible.  The presence was gone.  He fell asleep.  Before he drifted away, he could feel Brigit breathing evenly.  She rested peacefully also.
The next morning he over slept.  He and Brigit were alone.  He touched her and she responded in the same fashion as before.  He took her again.  Later he was determined to finish the conversation he had started.  "The monster calling itself Odin," he was determined never to let it get away with the divine pretensions implied in calling it simply by its name, "Odin intimated to me that the one calling itself Loki has a special link to your mind."
Brigit's eyes again became large but the fear was considerably less than the night before.  "Yes.  I cannot stop him.  He won't go away," she said meekly.
"Tell me when you feel his presence.  You can stop him.  I will help you.  I felt him last night as he spied on us.  I sent him away.  You can do it too.  I know the secrete.  Hate him.  When he invades your dreams make yourself wake up and hate him.  It will break his hold on you.  He feeds on fear and weakness.  Be strong and you can defeat him."
"Tom, you are strong.  I will tell you the truth about me.  I am much older than I seem.  I have had many children.  I have lived in fear my whole life.  I now see how people age away from the ship.  I think it was something in the scanning machine that kept us young and silly, but I do not care if I grow old if I am free.  I am amazed at your, how do you put it? Will power.  Will power is new to me.  My whole life was spent suppressing my will so that I could survive.  I didn't even know what it was, will power.  You can depend on me.  I will not let that monster control me."  It was the first time she had ever called Loki "that monster".  It felt good.
Tom decided to call a mass meeting.  He wanted to tell everyone what he had discovered about the monsters who haunted their dreams.  The Space Women were deeply impressed with his speech.  He could tell by the faces of his troopers that they were less impressed.  Some of them even seemed to think he was a bit off his rocker, but he did not care.  He ended his speech forcefully and commanded them to hate evil and hate the enemy that represented evil.  The men could relate to that part and cheered him enthusiastically.
***
Roger and George landed in their VTOL near the entrance to the Duke's fortress.  It had just been breached.  They could see the aftermath of the battle around them.  The manicured lawn of Bermuda grass was littered with the carcasses of large war dogs of various breeds, each with a monkey on its back.  The monkey was strapped to a small saddle.  There was a wire linking the brains of the primate and the dog.  A small receiver was visible attached to the little helmet on each pathetic little dead monkey's head.  They were all bloodied by high-powered rifle projectiles, but the basic concept was still evident.  Some small hand held submachine guns were still attached to the arm of a monkey here and there, as well as unused grenades.  Both men had seen the aftermath of battle before.  Both men were avid hunters and had killed and butchered animals before.  However, something about the scene was deeply disturbing to them.  They both tried not to think about it and focused at the task at hand.
"George, whatever caused all this, it's in there."  He pointed to the ruined open door at the end of the walkway before them.  They were encircled by their select armed guard who moved with them as they moved, on the alert for any possible danger.  The battle had not taken very long due to the advantage of air support.  The Coalition forces had sufficient light attack VTOL's seized from abandoned Peace Keeper bases to make short work of the bizarre defending forces.  The troopers were in more danger from the occasional Widget sniper.  The so-called Discrete Widgets were programmable but less controllable.  They required closer supervision by a person on hand with a portable programming device.  The squads of the human Widgets were not too difficult to round up and dispose of.  The weapons fire in the vicinity was from the mopping up action.  The personal guard were a little jumpy.
A young Lieutenant appeared at the door and greeted them with a salute.  George gave his usual terse response.  "Cut that shit out.  We're in combat you dumb ass."
"Sorry, Colonels, I have a report on casualties."
"Save it." Rodger interrupted the enthusiastic and obviously over excited trooper.  "What's the situation in there?"  He indicated the fortress.
"We have it trapped, but it's dangerous, sir."  The Lieutenant seemed reluctant to show the two in.
"It's dangerous out here."  Rodger had heard the buzz of the projectile pass too close for comfort before it impacted on the concrete wall nearby.  "Take us to the damned thing."  The guards were returning fire in the direction of some nearby shrubbery as they entered the building.
"That's enough." George ordered.  "We have business inside."
"The place is booby trapped, sirs.  I don't know if we deactivated all of them."  The evidence of the dangers encountered by the first to enter the corridor was on the floors and spattered on the walls, blood.
"Lead the way, son.  We're all in this shit can together now."  Rodger gave a strong impression of insane courage but inside he was just a frightened as the rest of them.
"Alright, Lieutenant," George kept is voice steady as well.  "Tell me what the situation is in there.  What the hell is this thing anyway?”
"Hell is the right word, sir.  One man got a good look at it before something got to him.  He said it looked like the Devil himself.  Then the trooper started gibbering and we had to pull him out."
"I assume he was wearing his protective head gear?"  Irritation was beginning to show in George's voice again.
"Yes sir, but it got to him anyway.  No one will get close to it.  They won't go in the room.  Someone is trying to come up with a Faraday shield but we haven't got it yet.  We captured the Duke but he was poisoned.  We got the thing in the chair, Fafnir, trapped in a side room.  The last thing the Duke said was a warning, something about the chair.”  The Duke was morbidly obese and confined to a chair as well, the former absolute ruler of the island reduced to a pathetic Widget.  Everyone assumed he was warning them about Fafnir's.
"What about the chair, man?"  They were getting close to the trapped monsters and George was becoming frustrated by the sketchy information the Lieutenant had for them.
"We don't know, sir.  We assume he meant Fafnir's chair was booby trapped as well."  The Lieutenant really had no more information of value.  When he and the squad had breached the Duke's office doors the Duke was already succumbing to the poison.  He pointed at the retreating Fafnir and wheezed "The chair, the chair."  Then the door closed and locked behind Fafnir.  All exits were guarded.
The Lieutenant continued.  "The Loki thing, it's in a special chamber in a large vat of liquid fluorocarbon of some sort.  He hasn't communicated anything so far."
"Except fear," George concluded.
The party arrived at the Duke's former office.  The Lieutenant pointed to an open door guarded by a couple of obviously shaken troopers.  "Loki is in there."  He then indicated the other closed door.  "Fafnir is in there."
The office was crowded with the three officers and the five troopers.  The guards had to wait in the hall.  One forced his way in and announced as if to explain his actions.  "I ain't leavin' you two alone, sirs."
Rodger sized up the situation.  He saw a compact RPG discarded on the floor.  "Frack this shit!" He announced to the room in general.  He picked up the RPG, walked to the open door, aiming the RPG at Loki's vat he fired before any dared speak.  The explosion hurt everyone's ears temporarily deafening them.  There was no fluorocarbon fluid on the floor and no Loki in the ruined vat.  Evidently, Loki had flushed himself at the last moment.  "Damn."  Was Rodger's only comment.
Fafnir was next.  This time George took charge, but Rodger was shouting in the handy talkie, the typical reaction of the suddenly deaf.  "I said search the lower levels, God damn it!  The Loki monster is on the loose and going down!"
George communicated with the troopers by motioning to the door, and pointing at the previously discarded bettering ram.  When they entered the room the chair was empty.  It was evident that the corps on the floor had somehow gotten up and fallen face down.  They could see that the cables inserted in his brain connecting him to the chair had been violently ripped off.  They had been warned to expect an old decrepit man, but this corps was that of a younger, healthy man.  The Lieutenant was the first to comment.
"Notice the backing of the chair.  It seems to have ejected the victim.  I understand now.  The person in the chair was not Fafnir.  He was a kind of meat puppet.  The chair seems to be inert, as if it has been switched off.  The chair is a remote control device.  Whatever Fafnir is, I don't think we will find him in that chair."
Rodger entered the room rubbing the side of his head and wincing in pain.  "I knew there was a reason you were on this mission."
The Lieutenant smiled for the first time since the invasion had started. Everyone in the vicinity behaved as if a great burden had been lifted from them.  Upon reflection they realized that they felt relief the moment Loki was gone.  The anti-mind control caps had kept them from being manipulated like so many meat puppets, but were not effective enough to filter out the menace, rage, and pure hatred emanating from the creature in the vat.
***
Aspen was a secured community, a bit more inaccessible than a mere gated community.  All such retreats for the super rich were highly defended from the locals and from aerial intrusion by more highly connected enemies as well.  William Jobbs no longer felt safe in Manhattan Free State.  The State Security Committee was beginning to get desperate to maintain control of the place.  Dissident elements were using programmed assassins, Widgets.  Amazingly, they were volunteers, mostly recruited from friends and relatives of people who had been abused or disappeared by the secrete police.  Added to the local unrest factions within the CFR were taking advantage of the confusion to settle old scores.  There were the Natural Rights Movement operatives as well.  He also had more dangerous enemies to fear.  It was safer working form home.  Everyone on the inside knew that the State Security Committee was the public enforcement wing of the shadow Central Intelligence Agency just as the Peace Keeper Forces were it armed forces, the public Council on Foreign Relations its facade, and the big Corporations its revenue source.  They had assumed total control of Manhattan Free State from the beginning.  The only residue of the rule-of-law was the State Magistrates who met periodically to decide important appeals involving prominent citizens and cases involving major corporations, law for the elite only.  Communities like Aspen were defacto foreign colonies of Manhattan imposed in places where the host state lacked the power to resist, private retreats for the planetary oligarchy and their dependents.  The system of control was less than perfect and there were factions.
William knew his overthrow of Loki's slave ring had upset some apple carts, especially the unintended consequence of the Natural Rights revolution that was even spreading to some major Corporations, as well as the states.  When he thought about his motives, which was rare, he told himself that he was a true champion and patriot of Earth.  He had rid the world of a little known and unacknowledged evil.  A militant faction within the bureaucratic core of the Agency did not see eye to eye with his corporate friends who had arranged the whole thing.  His friends were being bumped off.  He had managed to keep his role secrete, because most of those who knew anything were killed in South Carolina, except for that ungrateful geek, Jennings, and his buddies in Encrypticorp.  Now the geek had teamed up with the info bitch, Felice Desmond, he needed to keep a low profile now for many reasons.  What if she decided to ditch her geek boy?  All hell could break loose.  Such thoughts were going through his mind for the thousandth time when the phone rang.
It was a computer generated voice on the other end, high quality, but unmistakable, which really ticked him off.
It spoke.  "So, you think you have gotten the better of me you maggot."
"Loki, I presume?"  His anger was replaced by fear.
"I will devour your barren lover before your eyes and shit her out on your face.  I will destroy everything you hold dear and make you regret the day you were born."
"I take that to mean you are no longer hiding out in Bermuda?"  The connection was broken.  His fear subsided.  He always tried to see the opportunity in any event.  The monster lived, but he was now making insane and impotent threats.  "I have him on the run."  He said aloud to himself.  The vocalization banished all traces of fear and he went into action.  He called his best contact at the CFR offices in Manhattan.
"Yes, this is William.  I'm well, thank you.  I just found out the Duke of Bermuda is dead.  It is that trash rabble from my former venue.  I suggest you send in whatever Peace Keeper forces you can before they have a chance to get established there permanently.  You're welcome.  Always glad to be of help."  William never felt even the slightest twinge of guilt or regret when he stabbed someone in the back as he had just done to that oaf George and his sidekick, what was his name? Oh yes Roger, the revolutionist.  It was just a game to him, all in a day's work.  Setting into motion events that would surely lead to more unnecessary deaths did not touch him.
Now, to deal with Loki, he called another contact, this time in the Agency.  "Loki escaped my trap.  You have the tech I gave you.  Now is your chance to put my investment to work by tracking the monster.  You see, I don't always demand a profit in coin.  Good, I'm glad you are a step ahead of me.  Thank you for your service to the Fusion."  William decided to put off less pressing corporate work and mind to the job of ridding himself of enemies.  He was in the habit of collecting as much information on his own as possible without the filter of employees and in this case without unnecessarily sharing knowledge of his plans.  He went to work searching the Internet for public news and insider CFR briefings on the events in Bermuda.  The CFR was not as secure as the Agency about its information, but there was usually a lag time between the internal dissemination and the leaking of the info to the press, and leaks were always filtered.
***
An orderly rushed breathlessly into the office of the former Barron.  "Excuse the interruption, sirs.  A Peace Keeper VTOL has just requested permission to land on the grounds.  It's claiming to be carrying a General Richardson."
"Was permission given?"  George was the only one present who was not too shocked to speak.
"They landed before we could answer, sir."
"Well don't just stand there.  Escort the son of a bitch in here."  Rodger recovered his voice and remembered that as Chairman of the Revolutionary Committee he was in fact the ranking officer.
General Richardson was brought in alone.  "Good evening gentlemen.  Mind if I take a seat?  Well, I believe an explanation is in order."
"You might say that."  George responded.
The General looked from George to Rodger and asked,  "Who is in charge?"
"That would be me."  Rodger answered.
"Well, aren't we a friendly bunch?  Excuse me, I'm accustomed to more formality and protocol in these situations.  Colonel is it?  Well, let me get to the point."
"Please do." George was beginning to enjoy the General's obvious discomfort.
"I have been given to understand that the space creature known as Loki has escaped."  Everyone in the room was a little surprised the General knew what was happening on Bermuda.  They had all expected some kind of stupid and unnecessary ultimatum about leaving the sovereign territory of an independent state.  The fact was there were very few people around to comprise the state.  All had fled who could shortly after Loki's arrival.  The General continued.
"I believe you men are aware of the collusion of your former Ambassador with this alien creature and its agents as well as his collusion in your revolution.  A faction of the CFR, corporate leaders not Agency types, have been informed of the truth of the situation by Jobb's replacement at Encrypticorp, Mr. Jennings.  We know he gave you the means to destroy the Widgets, as you call them.  It seems that your action was a severe setback to Loki, which was his underlying motive."  The General was aware of the skeptical looks everyone in the room were giving him at that moment.  "And of course to enrich himself at your expense as well."  He continued.  "I have been sent, ostensibly to take over the situation here on the ground, but we all know that would be an absurd and pointless exercise.  My information leads me to believe that I am dealing with reasonable and patriotic men, not crazed fanatics as Agency agit-prop would have us believe.  The reign of that shadow Agency and its police state, the State Security Committee will soon be brought to a permanent end.  A mysterious gas leak explosion will shortly obliterate the nonexistent nerve center of the nonexistent Agency and the names and addresses of all current and retired members of the Committee have already been provided to your revolutionary Natural Rights Movement operatives in Manhattan.  The plan is to let nature take its course with those rascals."  He seemed pleased with his little play on words.  "All Agency plants in the CFR have been identified care of our friends at Encrypticorp.  How do those corporatists put it?  Yes, their holdings, as they say, will be liquidated.  I see that you are wondering why I have been delegated to explain this to you.  The reason is simple.  We have decided to put our differences behind us in order to face the common threat to our world, the threat represented by the alien Loki and others like him.  Such cooperation was deemed impossible as long as the Agency still has sway."
He paused to take a breath so Rodger interrupted his speech.  "That is all very interesting and informative, General, but were you aware that Mr. Jennings is now here on Bermuda with is fiancé, the news babe?  I get the impression they intend to make this island into their own personal little love nest, not that I give a rat's ass about their intentions."
"Well, that is good to know.  That explains allot, but too continue.  I am not only here to inform you of this regime change, the planned first free election in Manhattan Free State since the founding of the Fusion, but to offer an olive branch as it were."
This time it was George who spoke.  "We can take your offer under consideration, but you realize you Ceefers have a lot to answer for.  The whole slave trade must be exposed to the world.  The corruption of the Eugenics Commission is intolerable.  That institution must be abolished before there can be any real peace between us.  However, we are glad you came in peace, as true Peace Keepers instead of killers.  The next move will be yours, to send a real Ambassador to Columbia, but you must know.  No one from the CFR will be welcome in South Carolina as long as the Eugenics Commission stands."
"And while you are at it.  You better do something about The City Of London before you expect anyone to take you seriously.  I smell a would be Emperor of the World lurking in that pit after this little revolution your corporatist have engineered fizzles."
"Well, those issues will have to be settled in the future.  I assume we have an understanding, gentlemen.  There is no need to continue shooting at one another.  Now, if you would indulge me, could you tell me how the creature, Loki, escaped?"
"I don't see why not."  Rodger answered.  "Lieutenant."
"Yes sir.  The creature is, as you described, a life form from outer space originating on some other planet.  Prolonged life in zero gravity has apparently weakened it physically.  When we arrived it was in the next room in a large vat of oxygenated liquid fluorocarbons.  When we attempted to apprehend it the creature escaped by flushing itself down a tube built into the structure of the building.  The tube emptied into a large chamber that contained some kind of escape vehicle.  It escaped through a larger tunnel to the ocean."
"Thank you Lieutenant."  The General continued.  "Again, our friends at Encrypticorp have supplied us with tracking technology.  I believe it is based on the resonant frequency of this particular life form or something like that.  These beings are said to possess psychic powers.  I see by your faces that this information is correct.  Evidently, under Jobbs' tenure, some kind of alien technology was obtained which amplifies their natural psychic power.  With this technology they were able to reverse engineer the tracking device.  The alien has escaped the planet.  We should be able to track it if it returns.  This psychic technology seems to be imbedded in many of the alien devices.  I believe you captured some kind of personal mobility chair?  It should contain the technology.  Their spacecraft do as well.  We should be able to detect the aliens from now on."
"I wouldn't mind having one of those detectors."  Rodger commented.
"I'm sure you friend, Jennings would be happy to sell you one.  I would not be surprised to find he or one of his employees has one on this island at this time."
The Lieutenant had a question.  "Excuse me sir.  Would you happen to know weather or not the Widget devices contain this psychic amplifying tech?"
"I would assume so, and Jobbs knows about it.  You all are aware that his firm is the sole manufacturer of those devices.  We will have to look into this question.  Thank you Lieutenant.  Well, gentlemen, if you don't mind, I will take my leave.”  The General was escorted from the fortress and left in his VTOL.
***
William Jobbs was caught completely by surprise by what Felice Desmond's talking heads were now calling "Operation Winston Smith", the business end of the Natural Rights revolution in Manhattan Free State.  All current and former agents of the hated State Security Committee as well as any known agents of the Agency were being systematically hunted down and not just on the island of Manhattan.  His first inkling of it was an e-mail message from his contact in the Agency.  It read simply, "The jig is up.  Head for the hills.  Oops, you're already in the hills.  The corporate faction of the CFR bombed HQ killing everyone.  A complete list of all agents and State Security members has been handed over to the Naturals.  Expect security where you are to bug out.  It's every man for himself.  This is our final contact."
Jobbs took a moment to muse about the name, Operation Winston Smith, yes, the old novel, 1984, fitting.  Manhattan had been a perfect police state, totally secure, the nerve center of the Fusion, all obliterated in a single stroke by factional infighting.  He stopped to consider the implication of the message, "A complete list of all agents...Expect security...to bug out."  He cursed out loud at no one in particular.  He pressed a button on his old fashioned hard-wired intercom.  "My dear, this is serious, so please do exactly as I say.  Meet me in the hanger bay now.  We are flying to London.  If you are not there by the time I have it warmed up I'm leaving without you.  Don't ask me any questions.  It's business, and I can not be responsible for what happens here after I leave."
"Oh dear!"  Her voice was trembling.  "I've been watching the news from Manhattan.  It's just terrible.  Colorado has declared Aspen a Foreign Enemy Zone, and the Fusion Center in Boulder has run up a white flag.  Please don't leave without me.  I'm hurrying as fast as I can."
His personal VOTL had just enough fuel to make the trip if he went in a stratospheric arch.  Shortly after reaching maximum altitude it happened.  A blinding flash of light was the first indication that the jet plane was being followed by a much larger flying saucer.  An unseen force seized the plane and brought it into the landing bay of the space ship.  As he sat helplessly at the controls, Jobbs' last thought before he became unconscious was, "Loki."
When he awoke the beast was crouched in the corner of the compartment.  It was not Loki.  He realized he was naked, bound, and tethered to the deck.  The beast leered at him and grinned.  The voice boomed in his head but the beast did not speak.
"You, William Jobbs, have done me a great service by ridding your world of the one you know as Loki.  For this I thank you, but your work is not finished.  The fiend has escaped.  His base is shielded from me.  Your meddling has made this star system unsafe for me.  You will bring him back into my trap.  Forget about his vain boasts and vile threats.  I will end him or see you Humans end him for me.  It makes no difference.  I know your mind.  Like the greedy little monkey you are you can only think 'what's in it for me?'  I will let you live.  That should be enough, but I know your kind.  You want power.  I can only help you with that in a marginal way.  You must do the work yourself.  You destination, the Royal City of London Free State, is in peril.  You will surely be betrayed upon landing there.  When I release you in your flying craft you will only have enough fuel to make an emergency landing on the island of Bermuda.  There you will confess your miserable sins to those you find there who you have betrayed.  They are not evil like you, so they might forgive you.  At least they will let you live if you will make yourself useful to them.  You know how to do that.  Finally, and heed this well, each night, before you sleep you will call out to the fiend, Loki, in your minds eye.  You will implore and beseech his forgiveness.  Have a care.  I know your mind, William Jobbs, and if you betray me I will destroy you.  When Loki, finally comes for you, as he surely will, because he is vain and over confident, then and only then will you call out to me.  I am Odin.  Remember me and heed my warning."
When Jobbs again awoke he was sitting in the pilot seat of his VTOL in a controlled dive, then he saw the island of Bermuda.  He successfully landed on the front lawn of the former Baron's fortress.  He did not know what day it was or the hour.  His latest fiancée, Joy Billings, was just awakening.  She looked around, dazed.
"I had the strangest dream."
He interrupted her.  "My dear, you fell asleep.  We have been forced to make an emergency landing on Bermuda.  I believe we should disembark now and see what kind of hospitality awaits us."
Twenty plain cloths security agents surrounded the plane.  When William and Joy disembarked two security men went inside to search it.  Momentarily, Fredrick Jennings and Felice Desmond greeted the prisoners who had been brought into a waiting room.  Felice was first to speak. "Joy, it's so nice to see you again.  I apologize for the circumstances, but things have been pretty hairy around here."  Joy nodded weakly, unable to speak.  She trembled visibly.
"It's alright, darling.  Nothing bad is going to happen to you.  No one is holding you responsible for the crimes of your...fiancée."  The contempt in here voice when she used the official euphemism was obvious.  "You, on the other hand..."  She directed that comment at William.  Jennings interrupted.
"I should turn you over to your old friends in South Carolina, especially Colonel Lee.  He's not the merciful type.  I'm sure you are going to attempt to persuade me to give you asylum here.  We are all going to take a keen interest in this."
"Not Joy and I, we will be taking a little tour of the battle wreckage before they finish cleaning it up.  I'm sure she would not want to miss the opportunity to witness the crimes against nature committed by your former associates."  She was speaking of the remote controlled dogs and monkeys.  Felice called for a camera crew and the two women departed.
"Well, Mr. Jobbs, the tables are turned.  Would you like to explain what stroke of fate landed you here?"
William remembered and considered telling the truth, and realized that it might actually be believed since Jennings knew about Loki.  He finished with his own spin, of course.  "So, it seems that Loki has an enemy of his own kind, this Odin, who claims his only goal is to kill Loki.  I don't know why these creatures use these ancient names.  It could have something to do with human history.   True or not, I see no reason not to help one kill the other since we are trying to kill him already."  He also told of Loki's threats.  "It seems we, or at leas I, have no choice.  There is one thing you might not know about the aliens' mental powers.  I seem to be able to summon them at will, according to what Odin told me.  We can use that to trap them both, and if that does not work we still get Loki.  I also should mention something Odin told me.  He said that Royal London is under some kind of threat.  I'm sure you are already aware of that."
Fredrick considered Williams statement for a moment.
"I actually almost believe you are telling the truth.  If so, those two monsters must have really terrified you.  You are correct about Royal London.  It is under siege by the new English Federal Republic, which took in Wales and Cornwall as well as North Umbria after the collapse of the Fusion in Britain.  Their combined militia's, under the direction of the Natural Rights leaders have put the Royals under blockade.  Nobody goes in, but they are letting any Nobles out who publicly renounce all claim to hereditary title and sign a declaration of neutrality.  They cleaned out the tentacles of the Home Office in Britain in much the same way as the Agency has been dealt with.  The offices of the Eugenics Council were destroyed by a mob last night when the last Peace Keepers were withdrawn from Britain."
"I have taken possession of Bermuda after the invasion forces left.  The few locals here who survived have formed a popular assembly and elected me Mayor.  I brought my own private security so we should be able to fend off freebooters and be ready for Loki if and when he returns.  You will be under house arrest until this is finished.  I can't speak to the ultimate disposition of your case, but I will let your former clients in South Carolina know you are under my protection for now."
William considered Fredrick's words and answered.  "I think I understand the goals of the revolution in the CFR now.  You corporatists have decided you can rule the world directly without the help of the Eugenic Council and it its Home Office or the Agency.  Once the Widgets were eliminated you saw a power vacuum and filled it.  I think you will find that the Natural Rights Movement are no pushovers like the pacifist Ecosocialists always turn out to be.  Those fellows fight back."
"William, even you saw how useful fighting back can be.  You were depending on that will to fight when you unleashed them on the aliens.  And what makes you think I am their adversary?  That was your weakness.  You assume that others are as corrupt as you, but you underestimated us.  It was true of your spook buddies and of the Eugenics corporatist lackeys you put in control.  We will end their power soon.  Don't expect any help to come from the Royals and their pure bred pets.  They are finished.  You called me a corporatist.  Maybe, but corporations are people, not legal fictions, and some people don't take well to slavery.  Now you will continue to fight the aliens even if you can no longer enrich yourself in the process.  You will not be given a chance to stab anyone in the back except the Aliens and your former associates.  It's what you're good at.  Do a good job of it and you might be permitted to retire to your home in Aspen with whatever desperate heiress you can scam into living with you."
"That's it then."  William seemed resigned.  "In that case, we should begin my new career as a turncoat by giving me whatever resources, under supervision of course, I will need to turn in my as many of my spook buddies, as you call them, as I can before those monsters come back."
<                                Chapter 4


The Home Office may have had its tentacles amputated and its rivals in the Agency eliminated and its eugenically selected progeny hiding like rabbits in their holes, but it was not finished.
"The first order of business is the disposition of William Jobbs.  Well then, the Star Chamber has directed us in the name of His Majesty and the Privy Council to see to Jobbs.  The Home Office is otherwise engaged.  Our recourses are limited by the unpleasantness that has temporarily paralyzed the Fusion.  We must determine if the sleeper agent is still in his vicinity to find a way to activate her deep conditioning.  Are there any suggestions?  Think about it.  One idea I have come up with is to contact people in the Agency, since they are now rudderless.  I'm sure many would come over to our cause, given their present state of disarray.  However, at this time we know of no Spooks who have easy access to Bermuda.  It may be possible to arrange a tourist visa for one we have on hold here in London.  That is all I have so far."
***
George and Rodger made it home without being assassinated and returned to their civilian occupations, Rodger leading the Executive Committee, formerly known as the Revolutionary Committee, and George to his duties at the Estate.  He was exhausted and decided to sit and unwind with a beer in front of the television.  He was watching a documentary produced by Felice's network about the revolution, both his natural rights revolution and her corporate revolution at the CFR.  There was a scene from a newscast giving a reporter's reaction to the news of the extermination of the Widgets.
"Breaking news, an atrocity of unprecedented historical magnitude.  As far as this reporter can ascertain every single person implanted with an Encrypticorp brain implant has dropped dead.  Most World Peace Keeping Forces as well as private contractors are now dangerously undermanned.  Let me make this clear: children with game device implants, domestic servants, convicts as well as uncounted corporate employees suddenly dropped dead at 03:14 in the morning, Eastern Time.  If you know anyone with a brain implant who by some stroke of divine mercy was not plugged in DO NOT LET THEM PLUG IN!  It is believed that the implant has a built in safety feature intended for convicts, a kind of self-destruct mechanism in case they rebel against legal directives.  Why this mechanism was also built into game devices, teaching aids, and corporate IT systems is unknown at this time.  The Council on Foreign Relations warns against widespread unrest in many States around the globe with rumors that some States are even attempting to secede from the Fusion.  Law and order seems to be breaking down all over the world.  A general interstate travel advisory has been issued by the World Traveler's Club.  There will be more on this tragic event as reports come in.  A theory has been floated in the studio that this has something to do with a worldwide computer hacking conspiracy.  If that is the case it is vital that no brain implant survivors be permitted to plug in under any circumstances."
George switched off the television and sat cursing to himself.  Why he let the whole blurb run when he knew what it would do to him he could not explain.  He sat in silence in the empty entertainment center of the Big House, unable to finish his beer.  The phone beeped its most annoying chime.  It was the Public Safety Subcommittee chime.  He felt compelled to answer.
"George, there is a spook in the office here who wants to talk to you."  It was Rodger.  He chaired all the most vital governing committees.  "He says he wants to cooperate and will only talk with both of us.  He showed up at the Charleston Airport on a flight form Frankfurt an Main this morning.  I'd like to send a VTOL for you."
"Alright, Rodger.  All the paperwork piled up in my office isn't going anywhere."  George felt relieved to be back in the game.  He finished the beer.  He knew he had time to change clothes before his ride arrived.
***
"Alfred, is his name, at least the name he is using at the moment.  He claims to be on a mission for the Home Office.  Says he was recruited shortly after the Agency was bombed in Manhattan.  His storyline is that he has no liking for the Royals and doesn't want to do their dirty work.  He was sent to activate a sleeper agent who is to assassinate Jobbs.  That would be Jobbs' latest Eugenics bimbo.  Oh, I forgot to mention.  Jobbs' plane was mysteriously forced down on Bermuda shortly after we left.  He is being held there under house arrest.  He is feeding us information on Agency assets, both physical and human."  Rodger updated George on the prisoner in the interrogation room.
"What are we going to do with this bozo?  We don't have any prisons or secrete dungeons.  Is there a legally justifiable reason to put him up against the wall?"  It was clear where George stood on the question of letting secrete police and their spies live.
"I'm sure we can find someone in some state on Earth who has a reason or maybe a place with less concern for procedure, maybe Madagascar.  They are not over the mass kidnappings that occurred there recently.  They would be happy to dispose of him for us, but for now he wants to talk so I think we should listen.  What's up George?  I thought you had your fill of killing lately."
"It's the mess in Bermuda.  We are up against something much bigger than any of us ever imagined, and we don't need SOB's like him around to stab us in the back, again."  They both entered the interrogation room.  George got straight to the point.  "Alright, Alfie, or whoever in hell you are.  We are not going to play any stupid Mutt and Jeff games with you.  It is up to you, right now, to give us a reason not to put a bullet in your head or send you some place where there will enjoy cutting you to pieces first.  So talk, and tell us straight, or, so help me, I am as likely to snap your neck right now as spit on you if my bull shit detector goes off."
The prisoner answered.  "So, I suppose you know all about the evil space aliens and the slave trade and all that.  I can see why that would trigger this uncharacteristic display of vengefulness.  I assure you.  I understand how you feel.  When I got into the spy business I imagined I could change things from the inside.  I was a naive kid.  I learned the hard way.  Have you ever read about the old Mafia?  The Agency is, or should I say was, like them only worse, because there were no limits, none at all.  It won't do any good to tell you I was a captive of the system the moment I walked into the recruiting office in my home state Fusion Center.  I realize that, because I could have bugged out and gone underground.  I had plenty of chances.  You know what they did to deserters?  They get your family.  It's a myth that organizations like that seek out orphans and rootless people.  They only want people they can control.  Well, they had me.  I was their man.  I know I've done terrible things.  I don't apologize, and I'm not begging for mercy, but I can read the handwriting on the wall.  The game is over.  Those Home Office bastards have gone insane with paranoid fear.  It's no good working for them and they have no hold over me.  They are going to run amok.  Someone has to take their nukes away from them before it's too late.  They are power mad and they mean business.  Getting rid of their competition did not teach them a lesson.  It only unleashed them upon the world.  I would not be surprised if that monster, Loki, is holed up in the City of London now."
Rodger took advantage of the fact that the Agent had to catch his breath to interject.  "George, this one talks a good game.  I think you will have to hold off on snapping his neck."
George glared at Rodger.  "Let him talk."  Rodger suppressed a snigger.  He could not resist playing Mutt and Jeff just a little.  The prisoner continued.
"As I was saying, there is nothing they can do to me now that will not soon be done to the whole planet.  It's too late for me.  All I care about is my family.  If those people in London get their way, that mess with the Widgets will look like child's play.  There is talk of the re-establishment of the Fusion, only with a vengeance.  They want to establish what they now call a Meritocracy.  We all know what that means.  A viceroy, not an ambassador, for each and every state on Earth and the elimination of everyone who does not qualify under their Eugenics Commission view of merit.  No more of what they are calling "volunteerism".  They intend to liquidate all free naturals.  It seems they intend to make the world a very happy place, free of all irritating people who are not willing to go along with the program.  You can see that their plan is tailor made for Loki and his ilk.  Even if those monsters do not have a hand in it they soon will.  I hate to put it to you this way, gentlemen, but before we can hope to fend off whatever is out there in the void of space, we have to put our own house in order.  And to tell you the truth, I could care less about Loki and his slaves.  They are mere parasites on our planet compared to the things we do to ourselves.  I think you already know, that without the aid of human vermin like your former Ambassador the outerspace vermin could make little headway.  There are no trans galactic fleets waiting to nuke us into oblivion nor any army of invasion of little green men with big popguns.  It's all us.  We are doing this to ourselves.  All those aliens do is pick up the scraps.  How do the drug addiction councilors put it?  Enablers is the word I'm looking for.  That is what they are, enablers.  Well, I know of the reports of the alien tech you used to bust Loki's operation on Bermuda, supplied by your nephew, in person."  He did not specify which man's nephew because he knew they were both related to the Ranger.  "So, I know you have enablers as well.  Space buggers, whatever they are, who hate the parasites as much as you do, I presume, and have decided to help you and your people who were taken."
George and Rodger looked at each other.  Rodger spoke first.  "I do not intend to put the question to you to find out if you came by that information from your own sources, which would prove that the Agency is still a threat, or if you got it from the Home Office.  In either case, we already knew that the open society we have created here is as air tight as a screen door.  Your story sounds plausible.  We can help your family, if that part of it is true."
George added his comment.  "You have not convinced me to let you off the hook yet.  I do not have time to listen to your whole story.  I'm old and I need rest.  I trust Rodger to do the right thing."  He turned to Rodger.  "Thanks for this little doggy and pony show.  Now, would you kindly give me a lift home?"
***
On the exile's world they were on their way to establishing an independent community thanks in part to the animals, plants, and equipment brought after the completion of Jack's mission.  The time dilation, although greatly mitigated by the nature of anti-gravity drive resulted in Jack coming home to a totally different situation, domestically.  Bridget was obviously glad to see him, but no longer in love with him.  He had always suspected she was poly-amorous because of her life as a slave, but he did not realize the emotional impact it would have on him.  He had begun to resign himself to living alone in his tent when Svetlanna invited him to live with her and her daughter, Yvonna.
One thing they did for entertainment was tell stories around a campfire.  Jack had a good one he acquired during his travels in space to and from Earth.  Anytime someone new came to his and Ellenton's not infrequent evening gatherings to share Ellenton's moonshine someone would urge him to retell the story.
"There was a real live Neanderthal on that spaceship.  I am not making this up.  He told me all about himself in his own peculiar way.  One of the crew, those bigheaded guys with the huge eyes, would translate for him.  He could actually say a few words, but was unable to say some of our sounds so Big Head would help him out by interpreting his sign language."
"The story he told me he said was old, from his father's, father's father, the way he put it.  The old man was taken by a monster.  The monster was part cat and part man.  It was more dangerous than any lion or tiger.  The monster had no mercy in it.  The old man knew this because the monster revealed himself in the old man's dreams, in both waking dreams and while sleeping."
"Now, Neanderthals don't have what we call an imagination.  They have dreams, and they can hallucinate if put under stress.  My friend the Neanderthal, I called him Pete because his name for himself sounded like the kind of grunt you make when you might be trying to resist blowing chunks when you've had way too much moonshine, Pete told me sometimes his dead father spoke to him.  For example, his father told him not to break my neck when he thought I was making fun of him.  I thanked him for that kindness.  I'm sure it was all inside his own head because we both wore our anti-mind reading caps at all times.  Neither one of us could bring ourselves to trust those bug eyed big headed buggers not to spy on us, if for no other reason than their own idle curiosity.  A long space ship ride can be very boring."
"I asked Pete if the monster had a name.  Pete said the monster's name was Odin.  I asked him about the nature of Odin.  What kind of person was this Odin?  Pete insisted he was no person, but pure monster.  Odin would not let people have their own way.  He always told everyone what to do and killed those who disobeyed.  You get the gist of it.  Odin has been at this slave business for a very long time."
When he finished the story, Svetlanna snuggled up to him and smiled at Bridget who sat across the fire from them beside Jackie.  Bridget fidgeted and looked away.  Svetlanna seemed to enjoy rubbing it in that she had Bridget's old flame.  Jack wondered about that because it was evident to him that Bridget was sharing Tom with Jackie and Frances did not seem to mind at all.  So, he wondered why Bridget would care.  He was not surprised that Tom had adapted to the situation of the shortage of men the way he had, and did not blame him because he knew Bridget and realized that she must have gone to him in the first place.  His only thought as to why Jackie had accepted the situation must have been because of her affection for Bridget.  It was none of his business, and he chose not the dwell on it.
The part of the story relating to the specific form and nature of the monsters was taken as true.  Bridget and all the space women vouched for that.  So, everyone accepted the story at face value.  Why question it too closely?  Who at home would easily accept their story of being taken by space aliens, handed to a bunch of slave girls, and dumped in a nest of cannibals?  Why not a Neanderthal in the mix as well?   It was a good story and Jack stuck with it.  New details might come out every now and them but he never contradicted the basic facts of the story in his retelling of it.  No one had any doubt that they had been taken by monsters to be used as slaves and food.  It was a given.  The agents of the Consortium, both human and bug eyed, bigheaded aliens, agreed on the basic nature of the monsters as well.  It was an established fact.
Every time the story was retold it would provide Ellenton with a chance to expound upon the characteristics and nature of the Neanderthal, and how they differed from us and how they were the same, and how Jack's encounter with one verified his own speculation on the matter.  Jackie, Fran and Tom suspected a conspiracy between the two friends to pass off this story as true, but never mentioned their doubt to the rest.  It would have been bad for moral.
***
Years passed on the planet of the exiles, and they were blissfully unaware of the struggles and politics of Earth.  They were unmolested by aliens.  They had begun to thrive.  Their plants and animals from Earth were fruitful.  Their community had grown from births and new recruits from the stragglers and survivors who had come before.  They worked hard and suffered as a result of endless work, but they played hard.  They never let their guard down, but they became a civil society rather than a harsh military encampment.
Tom and Fran had no authority other than the force of their own personalities and the respect of the others.  If there was a dispute an ineffective or verbally clumsy claimant could always find an advocate.  There was no need for voting.  Everyone knew the outcome in advance by talking things out in a reasonable way.  That was only explainable be the fact of the common bond of the Rangers and their intense loyalty to one another.  The outsiders who wondered in were not treated as passive observers and intruders but as equals.  Anyone who refused to respect others was exiled by mutual consent.  Sometimes a stranger would arrive who did not comprehend the situation and might mistake fairness and respect for weakness.  The overwhelming unity of the Rangers would set the newcomer straight.
Bridget, in her usual direct way once asked Tom about why the Rangers always knew they were right and never gave in.  He answered.
"We believe in two things, always respect the lives and property of others and always keep your promises.  Every decision we make in dealing with other people is based on that.  That is why we never tolerate disrespect and falsehood from others.  It is the only way people can live together in peace and security."
***
A new comer showed up with a pouch full of gold nuggets he had collected in the streams.  After he realized the way things worked and felt secure that no one would take his treasure he showed it to Tom in private and asked him what it was worth, what could he buy with it?  Tom was thoughtful.
"I see the value of money, particularly gold, as a traditional commodity of exchange, but I can not answer your question because no one has never brought it up before now.  This is all I can suggest.  One reason gold has value is because it is easy to work.  Make something pretty out of it and see if it impresses any of the girls.  Other than that, go ask Ellenton or one of the other boys if they can think of some use for it.  We are not at a very advanced economic level here.  Sorry, I know you must have put a lot of work into collecting that.  The only other thing I can think of is save it for trade with the aliens.  As you see, we rely on barter mostly of food and labor.  There is no set rate of exchange of anything for anything.  Good luck in trying to establish one.  All I can tell you is that everyone is expected to carry his own weight and keep their promises.  Others will help you get started if you show you are willing to help them.  We are not without mercy for the injured or the helpless, but we have too many children to take care of to spend time on freeloaders.  That gold will only help you if someone else wants it."  The man was not happy with that answer because now he had even more work ahead of him if his investment in time and effort were to yield anything.
"Yes, the aliens." He answered.  "I should find out more about them.  I'm not used to this idea that they are not like the ones who brought me here.  If they are as great as everyone seems to think I'd like to join up with them.  I'm not cut out for this kind of life."
"You and me both, brother.  We are getting old.  If I did not have people here I cared for I would go with you."  Tom concluded the conversation.  Everyone lived with the constant expectation and fear the aliens, good or evil, would one day return.
***
She spotted the small furry creature at a great distance.  She had excellent vision, hearing, and sense of smell.  She crept up on the creature a throwing rock, she impulsively picked up, in hand.  The creature seemed oblivious to her.  She knew it must have noticed her but failed to react.  She was not willing to test to see how close she could come before it ran.  It was without doubt faster than her, on her two legs versus its four.  She moved slowly and cautiously until she was in range and threw the rock.  Hitting it in the flank, it fell to the ground.  She rushed it before it could recover and escape.  She grabbed it, clinging with her retractable claws and sunk her teeth into its neck.  The blood tasted good.
A loud high pitched scream interrupted her feast.  She looked up in time to see an animal that was also on two legs, running away form her at what was most likely its greatest speed.  It was wearing clothing.  A human!  She had been spotted.  She threw the goat over her shoulder and trotted in the direction of her den where her hungry kits waited.  At least this time they could eat something besides arthropods.  When she arrived she was exhausted and must rest.  She knew she and her kits were in danger but they must eat and she must rest.
***
She awoke to the sound of footfalls outside the den.  She knew they were trapped.  Hiding silently in the den was her only hope.
Jack had had his lunch interrupted by hysterical Yvonna.  She was crying and calling for her mother in Slovak.  Svetlanna listened to her for a moment and then hushed her.  He turned to Jack, her face grave.  "She says a cat woman bit the goat in the neck and sucked its blood."
Jack had known Yvonna since he and Ellenton had first found her, when they mistook her for a boy and had always known her to be a very serious child.  He took his bow and quiver of arrows.  "You two stay here and bar the door in case it followed her.  If I am not back before nightfall go to the village."
He knew the area where Yvonna had been searching for the stray goat and found the bloody spot in the sand.  It was simple to follow the trail of blood droplets to the lair.  He waited, listening.  He thought he heard a muffled mew.  He tossed a pebble into the hole, his bow at the ready.  There was a pleading sound from within.  It was not the kind of sound one would expect a monster to make.  It was definitely feline.
"I know you are in there.  You killed my goat and frightened my daughter.  Come out slowly if you can understand me."
The cat woman crept out, dragging two kits by the scruff of the neck in each hand.  She had a pleading expression on her face.
"You understand me?"  He asked.
She nodded in the affirmative.
"Well I'll be damned."  He let his guard down slightly, allowing the arrow to point at her feet instead of her center mass.  "I suppose you ate the goat."
Again she nodded cradling the four kits in her arms.
"You will come with me.  I will follow behind you."  He motioned in the direction of his homestead.
When they were near enough he called to his family.  "I have the cat woman and her children.  I am taking them to the village.  If you are not afraid you can follow at a safe distance."
It did not take long for a crowd to gather around them at the village center.  The space women seemed more than a little agitated.  Their mood seemed to infect everyone.  Jack had asked everyone to give them plenty of space and sent for Tom.  While they waited there was a lot of muttering.
Tom arrived and walked calmly up to Jack.  "I suppose you have a reasonable explanation for this."
"Yes sir, I do.  This cat woman killed my goat and fed it to her children.  It was all very upsetting to Yvonna."  The matter of fact way he explained the situation, as if it was nothing unusual caused some laughter in the crowd, but not from the space women.  "She seems to understand English."
The cat woman nodded in agreement.
"But can she speak?"  Tom asked.
She shook her head no in answer.  Everyone stood and gaped for a time that seemed much longer than it actually was.  Then Bridget stepped forward.  She pointed at the cat woman and spoke to the assemblage.
"This is a slave girl of Loki.  He has had her put on this world to rear his offspring."  No one questioned her statement.  The men looked to their space women who all seemed to indicate agreement with Bridget.
"What are we to do with her?"  Tom asked Jack.  Before he could answer the cat woman uttered a strange sound, a kind of yowling answer of her own.
"Help me."  That is what it almost sounded like.  No one said a word for several seconds, and then everyone seemed to start talking at once.  Yvonna broke the spell when she shoved her way to the front and stood in the space between the men and the aliens in the center and the crowd.
"She only killed the goat because her babies were hungry.  It scared me because I did not know what she was.  Don't hurt her."  Then she walked boldly up to the cat woman and stroked the head of one of her kits as she sometimes petted her cat, Boots.  Yvonna had lived on her own in the wild for months before being reunited with her mother.  She was usually quite fearless.  It shamed her that she had reacted so childishly in her first encounter with the cat woman.  Now she felt as if she had redeemed herself.
Svetlanna was proud of her daughter's independence.  She wanted to be a good example to her and sometimes felt guilty that she had foolishly let herself be captured by the cannibals years ago at a time when her daughter was so young and helpless.  She made a decision to back up Yvonna's courage and judgment.  "We shall take her and her children into our own home.  She has not done anything wrong."
She put her arm around the cat woman's shoulder and began to walk with her in the direction of her homestead.  The crowd parted giving her plenty of room.  Yvonna followed.  Jack held back for a moment, but then gave Tom a glance indicating a kind of rye resignation to the situation and walked home with the others.  No one followed.  Everyone stood about waiting, discussing what had just happened.  For once there was a really valid reason for dropping all work in the middle of the day and having a group meeting.
Ellenton was always the best one for sizing up a new and strange situation in this strange land so they waited for him to speak first.  He had no more time to think of what he would say than anyone else, but his knowledge and education let a plausible explanation of the situation came to him.
"I am honored and gratified that everyone seems to be looking to me to say something about this first.  Jack is my best friend on this world, this strange and unforgiving place.  I realize that you all have a valid reason to suppose that I might defend him no matter what.  Well maybe I would, but I'd like to think that I also have some care for my own safety and the safety of the rest of you as well.  We are all friends here.  We have sent all the jerks away to live as hermits in the desert.  We killed all the cannibals.  We have made friends with space aliens who have helped us considerably.  Yea, I realize they could have taken us home if they had wanted to, but what kind of reaction would that have provoked on Earth?  You all know these things, but you wanted me to talk and you all know how long winded I can be."  There were some laughs and snide comments from some of the Rangers.
"Here is the situation now, as I see it.  Yvonna has discovered a new cast away, a new exile.  One more out of many who we know nothing about.  Yes, this one looks scary and seems dangerous, but we all know how scary and dangerous each one of us Rangers truly is, that is to anyone who crosses one of us.  I do not think we should react like a Lynch mob and go kill the new comer and her babies, or kittens, or whatever.  The offence of killing the goat has been forgiven.  We have no justifiable reason to go after her."
The debate went on until after dark.  Many people brought their young children from the outskirts to stay with friends in the village.  Other than that, the only other safety measure was a doubling of the night watch.  The most unusual part of the meeting was the participation of the former slave girls, the space women, who usually had very little to say.  Many of them objected very emotionally to letting the cat people live.  That one individual might seem nice but they were all vicious killers by nature and not safe to have around, was the common felling they expressed.  The seriousness of the disagreement was very unusual for such a close knit community and threatened to cause a permanent division, the kind of division that could lead to dangerous disputes and ill feelings in the future.  Tom and Fran, as well as Ellenton were aware of the implications and met at Tom's place after the meeting to discuss the situation.  Bridget was there also.  Bridget would not let go of her fear.  It had been deeply implanted in her mind for a very long time.  It was a part of her.
***
She was neither very articulate nor sophisticated, in English, but she was determined to tell the others what a mistake they were making by letting the creatures live.
"I do not know much about animals and life outside on the land like you do," she said to Ellenton, "but I know what she is.  There is nothing good about them.  They only kill and take.  They know nothing else.  They are like your pet cats only bigger.  Do you imagine that if you were no bigger than the cat that it would let you live?  No, it would kill you and eat you just like Mitts did to that bunny.  That is what they are."
"But what if this one is different from the ones you know?"  Ellenton answered.  The same arguments had been repeated, over and over again at the mass meeting, but none of the space women would change their opinion of the cat people.  "Look at it this way, Bridget.  She was a captive and a slave the same as you.  Every person is different.  Sure, she is a meat eater.  That seems dangerous, but we are too.  It would not be right to just kill her and her children because they might be dangerous.  We have experience with that kind of thinking from the Eugenics Council on Earth.  We have killed in war because we felt that we had no choice.  Many were killed, some who did not deserve it.  That is why we are here.  Those who sold us used that killing as an excuse and others, most of the rest of the people of Earth believed them.  So now we are here, but we must not make the same mistakes that brought us here, the indiscriminant pre-emptive killing.  We must not kill for no reason other than fear of the future.  We should giver her and her babies a chance to live and prove what and who they are.  I know you don't think that is safe.  Well, none of us are safe if we base our decisions on that kind of fear. 
"Those strangers we sent away because they refused to respect others, they are dangerous.  We know that, but we did not kill them.  They did not deserve to be killed.  They deserved to be given a chance to show us that they could learn to live in peace with others.  If they can show us that, then we will welcome each of them back.  I see the way you are looking at me and I know that most of them probably wondered off and died of loneliness and a broken heart, but that was not our doing.  They could have chosen to live respectfully with others but refused.  The cat woman killed a goat.  We do not see that as deserving the death penalty."
Ellenton had early on observed that the basic social organization of the community was similar to early human societies.  He had known about the Creek Indians of colonial central South Carolina and Georgia, and how the early traders and merchants had only survived the encounter by the grace of the women whose homes were immune to war.  The warriors would not touch a man being sheltered by one of the women.  Other early prehistoric societies were similar, before the domestication of herd animals led to the development of the militant society in the ancient Middle East and Eastern Europe.  Before that, women controlled the home.  Ellenton was trying to figure out how to explain his idea to Fran, Jackie, and Tom without going through a two-hour lecture in anthropology and history.  He thought he hit on something.
"OK, this is the best way I can explain it.  We men, we Rangers could all do fine living under the clear blue sky.  It doesn't rain here much.  We built these homes for the women and children.  We never expected everyone to live like savages.  That would be stupid.  Now we have this community.  Everything worked just great as long as the men and the women were all in agreement about our basic purposes.  Now this has come up.  I realize that I am looking at things from the point of view of a tough guy.  Cat people do not scare me.  I realize that the women are scared and that will make them all angry with us men for a very long time unless we can show them that they and our children are safe."
"That is the most intelligent thing you have said all day."  Jackie saw her chance to break into the discussion.  "The women are in charge so you men better behave.  I like that way of thinking.  Now you know I'm just teasing, so don't look at me that way."  She said to Ellenton.  "I tend to agree with you about giving the cat woman a chance, but we should not give her and her brood a chance to eat our babies.  That would be stupid.  Normally, historically, women have spent a lot of time trying to keep men form killing.  Now the tables are turned and these women are demanding blood.  I happen to know that some of your Ranger boys are totally whipped, and will do anything to avoid being cut off.  If these women feel threatened, they will begin to hold back their favors.  Then, when that happens, some guy is going to hunt down the cat woman and kill her and her brood, just to show what a big hero he is, just so he can get laid again."
"Yes, dear, we all understand the nature of the problem."  Fran put in.  "This whole situation could cause a blood feud, and then all our natural rights ideas will be thrown to the winds and our defenses against the real monsters will be weakened.  Jack and his family are the only ones in real danger, if there is a danger from that creature, for now, but none of the space women see it that way.  I have a solution.  The way I see it, if we isolate Jack it will only make it more difficult for him to feed his new friends and then they might actually become dangerous, if they weren't before."
She explained her proposal, and everyone but Bridget seemed satisfied.  The idea was to gather as many rabbits as people cared to donate and bring them to Svetlanna's home in the morning as a peace offering and to try to make the cat woman feel welcome. "I think the kids should all sleep inside tonight."  That was her final word.
"I'll sleep under the awning in front of the door so don't let anyone step on me going to the out house."  Tom knew how crowded it would soon become.
"Elli, could I come over to your place tonight?"  Jackie had been spending a lot of time with Ellenton since Bridget had decided to sleep with Tom.  His space woman had moved in with a new comer some time ago so he had his dugout to himself.  They left together.
Bridget decided to sleep outside with Tom.
Jackie and Ellenton walked hand in hand to his place.  On the way they decided it would be a good night to do some night fishing in the lake.  Eventually they fell asleep under the blankets on the beach.
***
Jackie awoke before Ellenton.  They had a very good time together.  She very much felt at peace and somehow knew she was loved.  She looked around at her surroundings before disturbing Elli.  She saw some early morning activity around the village.  There had been no disturbance in the night, no attack of the cat woman, just as she had expected.  Then she looked at Elli.  He lay oddly contorted, sprawled in the direction of the water.  She shoved him as she sometimes did when he snored.  He was inert, still breathing, but did not react.  They had both gotten out of the habit of wearing the anti-mind control caps.  She reached over to muss his hair, and felt slime.  That startled her and she sat up instantly wide-awake.  There was a big slimy lake slug attached firmly on his head.  She shook him, but he would not move.  She began to pry the slug off with her fingers, and then she could hear the words inside her head.  Ellenton did not move.  His lips were perfectly still.
"Don't touch it.  I think it might kill me if you try to pull it off."  Her hand swiftly pulled back involuntarily, as one might react if one had touched a hidden viper.  She began to tremble.  She knew she was loosing control.  She did not notice that other people, those who were also not wearing the cap, stopped what they were doing and looked around as if someone had spoken to them.  Again, Ellenton's voice was in her head.  "Please, anyone who can hear me, go get Tom and bring him to the lake."
Several men dropped what they were doing and ran to Tom's place.	  A crowd began to gather around Ellenton's prostrate body.  Jackie cradled his head on her lap, using a blanket to make sure the slug did not touch her.  She could hear Elli's thoughts.  "I know what you are thinking.  I can't stop it.  You should put on the cap."  No, Jackie thought, I don't need to.  I am going to stay with you.  "Thank you."  No one else knew that Elli was thanking to her.  Some left to fetch their cap.  The crowd stood about, helplessly unwilling to interfere in something no one understood.
There was some shouting as Jackie continued to cradle Ellenton's head.  "Here they come!"  Ellenton put the picture of Jack and the cat woman running in their direction at full tilt, a view he had taken from someone else's mind's eye.
The two stopped short of the crowd.  "Let them through."  It was Ellenton and Jackie's voice in and out of their heads, for those who did not have the cap.  For those who had the cap, Jackie had again spoke for Ellenton.  "The cat woman knows what to do.  It is the brain slug of the monsters.  It is the secrete of their power.  Only she knows how to make it leave.  First, I want to take it as a specimen.  Do not do anything until someone brings a jar that will hold it."  Shortly, someone handed Jackie a jar.  Those without the cap could hear the instructions Jackie was receiving.  "Carefully place my head in the water.  Pinch my nose shut and cover my mouth tightly so I do not drown.  It should leave before I suffocate.  Then grab the slug and put it in the jar, but first fill the jar with water.  I am ready.  Begin."  They followed the instructions with Tom's help.  He kept Ellenton's nose and mouth shut tight until the slug fell off.  He then grabbed it and stuffed it in the jar, as instructed.  Two others helped pull the still inert body a little away from the water.
"Should we resuscitate him?"  Tom asked Jackie.
"No, he is sleeping peacefully.  He will wake when the drug the slug put in him is gone.  She told him that."  She, meaning the cat woman.  Two Rangers carried Ellenton in a litter to the natural cave they were using as storage and an infirmary.  Jackie, Tom, Bridget, Fran, Jack and the cat woman followed.  Tom waved the others off.  They tended to gather in small groups to discuss what had just happened.
They remained with Ellenton while he slept it off.  Jackie sat on the floor of the cave beside the litter on the blankets they had just been using at the beach.  She grasped the jar firmly in her lap.  "I need to tell you all something.  The cat woman saved Elli from this slug.  She is not a bad person.  Bridget, you have to tell all the other girls that.  You just have to.  If you don't make them see reason you cannot be my friend.  I love Elli and she saved him.  You have to tell them."
Bridget sat in silence, tears streaming down her cheeks.  Even she was surprised she could cry.  She thought she had cried herself out long ago when she was a child so that Loki would not kill her, but these people could sometimes make her cry.  All she could manage was a nod of agreement with Jackie.  Her lower lip trembled.  She buried her face in her hands and made herself not sob.  She never imagined that the horrid slug and the awful power it gave to intrude into the mind could be anything but pure evil.  She knew that Ellenton had communicated his love for Jackie in his sleep, before he knew the slug was on him. She knew it, because she had felt it as well.  For a moment it had been as if Elli loved her as well, when she woke beside Tom earlier that morning.  Then she thought it was Tom's love.  Now she knew it was just a feeling she had felt from someone else.  It wasn't meant for her.  Yes, she thought to herself, Jackie is always right, she knows things.  Elli is right to love her.  He knows too.  No one will ever love me like that.  I'm just a monster's plaything...She rebelled against the thought and shook her head violently to make herself snap out of it.  "Yes, Jackie.  You are right.  I will do as you ask.  Tom, will you please walk home with me?"  The two left.
When they got home they found that all the children were gone and they had the place to themselves.  Bridget threw herself at Tom in a way she knew he could not resist.  She would make him love her in the way Elli loved Jackie.  She did not think about it.  That was just the way she felt.
***
Life in a self contained star base, even one ruled by terror and mind control, had some advantages.  The technology that kept them all alive, supplying them with nutritious food, curing all their illnesses, allowing them to live seemingly for ever in a dream world of little effort, well, a nightmare world when the masters were not busy doing something else, kept them in a condition of perpetual emotional immaturity.  The space women were all older than they seemed, and Bridget was the oldest, the natural leader of the group.  They listened to her.  She had kept them alive, as best she could, for a long time.  None of them had a clue how long.  They had no point of reference, no experience of the seasons.  Even if they had been informed of the truth of the matter it would have held no meaning for them.  Until they had been deposited on solid ground under the open sky their lives had been a continuous stream of sameness and predictability.  They relied on Bridget's advice and growing self-confidence as their support and their role model, but each one was learning to think for herself.  Changing their minds about such a deeply held belief was impossible.  Bridget was desperate, so she used a stratagem.  She held a secrete meeting of the space women deep in the cave.  The cave made them feel secure because it was enclosed.  They liked confined places.
Bridget told them the score.  "You all know why I called this meeting.  I want to stay friends with Jackie.  Everyone has seen us arguing about the she monster.  We know what she is, but they don't understand.  I love Jackie and I want her to be my friend.  I cannot help it that she does not understand.  We all thought we were free of the monsters.  The good space people gave us tools and weapons.  Our men are strong and will fight for us, but they have all fallen for the she monster and her brood.  There are many things the Earth people know about that we do not understand, but we all understand one thing that they have not learned the way we have.  The monsters are evil.  I am sorry that I tried to argue about this in front of the others before.  I hope you will forgive me.  But I need you all to help me.  I have helped you all your lives and now I ask you to help me.  Please pretend for me that you do not care about the she monster."
That was how the discussion began, and it continued for hours until each had her say, until they were exhausted and they finally all agreed to help Bridget and pretend for her sake.  Bridget knew that this might go against the code of the Rangers, always keep a promise, but it was the best she could do, and she knew that when the she monster revealed her true nature everyone would thank her.  She had only promised Jackie that the women would see reason.  Nothing was ever specified as to whose reasons.  She felt justified.  She kept her promise.  Her space girls liked her reasons better. 
***
Fran had followed the women at a discrete distance and held back and listened to the whole discussion.  She left before anyone else and was not discovered.  She told herself that she should keep anyone from interrupting, but she could not resist listening.  In the past the space women had invited her to their meetings.  She understood why they did not invite her this time.  She knew it would be better not to reveal Bridget's ruse to her daughter or to Tom.  The whole purpose of this exercise, as far as she was concerned was to keep the peace.  She could see their point and thought it would be completely foolish to trust the cat woman.  She understood the other side of the argument as well and knew that Ellenton was right to insist that killing should only be done in self-defense.  She knew only too well that pre-emptive killing could have unintended consequences.  All in all she was proud of Bridget for showing such good judgment and self-restraint.
***
Bridget's initial plea, that all the monsters know is killing and taking, turned out not to be absolutely true.  The cat woman, Jack had dubbed her Frigg to keep the whole Teutonic-Norse god theme consistent, Frigg had proved that she could work for her keep.  She was the best tracker.  She found employment as the one who could always search out and retrieve a stray animal.  She was paid in fat bunnies.  She was very seductive, in keeping with her name.  All the men loved her, not in some weird sexual way, their women made sure of that, but more in the way of fans adoring their favorite star.  It turned out that she had four breasts, one for each kit.
Only one of the kits was male.  Frigg, who was learning to pronounce English words more clearly, indicated that she had given birth to a larger brood but had eaten the others because she knew she could not keep them alive.  This shocking admission was the topic of much debate.  Ellenton settled the dispute by pointing out that it was a "life boat" situation, and that it was un-natural for a creature with only four breasts to have so many offspring so it had to be the result of medical intervention.  That theory satisfied the Earthmen but not the space women, who took it as a sign of her true nature.
Frigg did not require red meat exclusively and became a very proficient fisher cat.  She was not a burden on the community.  She was, however, a constant irritant to the women.  She was seductive to the point of irresistibility, but she could only be sexually aroused by the pheromones of the male of her own species, which triggered estrous.  Then she went into heat.  Among Human males she was not interested in sex.  She led everyone to believe that romantic love was unknown to her kind and from the Human point of view cat people only reproduce by rape and intense hormonal compulsion, rape in the case of Loki, who held her captive, and instinctive compulsion when it happened in her native existence.
Ellenton explained to everyone that his brief encounter while under the influence of the brain slug had shown him the true nature of the cat people.  They were, like tigers on Earth, perfect predators who had no society.  The males were dangerous to the females and their young so they kept apart.  The reason Frigg was able to adapt to Human society in the village was the result of her intelligence and her instinct to keep her young alive.  Now that she had adapted she understood the situation and could continue to function as a normal member of the community.  The space women did not buy it, but they withheld comment for Bridget's sake.
Frigg was blissfully unaware of and completely uninterested in the history of her species and how they first obtained space age technology.  Because they were meant to live more like very smart wild beasts with no society at all, it simply did not matter to her.  Ellenton and Jack supplied a theory to fill in this gap.
At some time ages ago, the Bigheads, as they called the other nonhuman aliens, discovered the cat people and tried to domesticate them.  Something went horribly wrong and monsters like Odin and Loki obtained control of starships and technology.  It all had something to do with the brain slugs.  Everyone agreed that the idea seemed plausible.
***
Frigg's kits grew at a faster rate than Human children.  The three females acted as if they were little girls only covered with smooth fir and with a prehensile tail.  The male was becoming a problem.  Frigg was forced to keep him with her at all times in order to keep an eye on him.  He was no worse a troublemaker than some Human boys, but Fran and Ellenton both noted that he had personality traits that in a Human child would have been associated with a psychopathic personality disorder.  When someone suggested that the male kit be kept on a leash Yvonna objected strenuously.  Frigg did not seem to care one way or the other.  It was more than the alien equivalent of "boys will be boys".  She simply did not care about the male.  The only reason it was alive at all was because she had four breasts and only three female offspring.  Ellenton's theory was flawed.  Killing the redundant males was a universal practice among Frigg's species.
Yvonna was growing into a woman but she was not yet interested in boys.  She knew them all too well and insisted she liked none of them.  She did not dislike men as such.  She loved her adopted father, Jack, and would sometimes pretend to sleep so she could watch him make love to her mother.  Such is life in primitive, crowded conditions.  She adopted the male kit as her special pet.  She would cuddle with him while they slept.  She was the only one besides Frigg that he gave any respect until he bit her in her sleep.  She had named him Pete in honor of Jack's fanciful Neanderthal.  Pete was forced to sleep in a crate from then on.
***
One night the adults were lounging around Jack and Ellenton's fire pit as they traditionally did whenever Ellenton had perfected a new batch of moonshine.  Frigg was there along with Bridget, Jackie, Tom and even Fran.  Jackie had her new baby boy with her.  She was breast-feeding Ellenton's son and did not like leaving him alone with scorps around.  Everyone was having a fun time.  They had all been pleasantly surprised that Frigg could hold her liquor.  She was the life of the party.  She flirted and snuggled with everyone except Bridget, who rejected her advances.  As things settled down she rested her head on Jacks lap while he absent-mindedly stroked her fur like he would a house cat.  She did her best imitation of a house cat purring, while Jack and Svetlanna were making out.  Yvonna, who was allowed to tag along, rested her head in Bridget's lap in imitation of Frigg, without the fake purring.  She watched her mother make out with her stepfather.  Frigg gazed at Bridget with her most seductive expression.  She knew how much it irritated her.
Bridget glared at Frigg.  She did not care if anyone noticed.  She was feeling very pleasantly drunk.  She made a fierce face at Frigg, pretending to be a cat, and formed a hand into claws.  She hissed menacingly, a very true imitation of Mitts' most fierce hiss.  Jackie almost dropped young Elli Junior, she laughed so hard.  Then Pete sprung from the darkness.  He was at Bridget's throat in an instant.  Before anyone else could react, Frigg had leapt across the fire, removed Pete from his grip on Bridget, without stepping on Yvonna, and snapped Pete's neck.
She tossed Pete's limp, lifeless body aside, carelessly, and stepped back around the fire as if to resume her former position resting her head on Jack's lap.  Yvonna screamed and sought out Pet's body.  Bridget, in shock, sat there touching the cuts Pete had left on her fore arm when she had tried to fend him off.  Everyone stood up.  Frigg was the only one who failed to realize that the party was over.  She curled up by the fire as if to take a nap.  She even closed her eyes, but her thick prehensile tail switched nervously.
Obviously, she had never cared for Pete.  She was always protective of the three females.  The only thing she had ever done for Pete was to teach him to fish and to restrict his hunting to ridding the vicinity of stray lab rats.  In her mind it was long past time for Pete to go, but Yvonna had babied him so he had hung around.  Pete could never adapt to the Human community.  That was as self evident to Frigg as it was to Bridget.  Pete reminded Ellenton of a one-man dog protecting its master.  He supposed the attack was motivated by fear for Yvonna.  Pete was not stupid.  Pete knew that Bridget hated him with every fiber of her being.  Frigg must have known of Bridget's true feelings as well.  As true instinctive predators, the cat people were super sensitive to all other creatures' true intentions.  They did not need brain slugs for that.  In spite of Bridget's feelings, Frigg had proven that she cared more about the fate of the woman who hated her than her own male offspring.  Ellenton wanted to inform everyone of his new conclusions regarding the nature of the cat people but they were all much too upset to listen.  He was nowhere near dunk enough to insist.  Also, Jackie told him, "Shut up!"
The party was breaking up.  Bridget needed her wounds tended to and Yvonna needed comforting.  Evidently, Frigg needed to sleep.  Ellenton squatted beside her and tickled her behind her ear.  "Don't worry, my dear.  I understand you.  Pete was just no good.  You did what you had to do.  No one will hold it against you."
Svetlanna stood over him, her arms folded, shaking her head.  "You love that thing more than we do.  You can have it.  I'll bring the girls to your place in the morning."
Svetlanna always called the female kits "the girls".  When morning arrived Yvonna would not part with the kits and Frigg was allowed to come home.  Everyone in the household pretended nothing had happened.  Ellenton was permitted to explain his hypothesis about Frigg's true nature to the assembly held the next day to discuss Frigg's status in the community.  Surprisingly, Bridget was her first defender.  She felt proud of herself for keeping her promise and knew that it was not yet discharged when she saw the Ranger's positive reaction to Ellenton's speech.  He had tactfully left off all his suppositions relating to Bridget's true feelings.  She was willing to bide her time, but she still could not escape the nagging feeling that Ellenton truly loved her and that she should not cross him.  To escape that false feeling she threw herself even more fervently into Tom's arms. 
***
Fran came home later to find Tom and Bridget still there.  She woke them from their nap.  "I want to talk to you two.  There is something very strange going on here."
"Yes I agree."  Bridget answered first.  "The she monster has you all fooled.  She just killed her own cub, but Jack lets her live with his family, and no one does anything to stop it."
"I like the way she gets straight to the point.  I admit I was drunk.  I'm not sure what happened last night.  No one is..."  Tom let Bridget interrupt him.
"I am.  The monster's cub tried to kill me.  Its own mother killed it and tossed it away like garbage.  Just like on the ship after Fenrir had us drag the bodies of the Widgets, as you call them, to the recycling hole.  She is the same.  She has no mercy and no remorse."
Fran responded.  "What she is saying is true.  I'm told Frigg tried to take nap after just killing her own child.  Some of us thought Pete displayed psychopathic tendencies.  The mother is supposed to be the good one, not like her evil mate Loki.  If that is goodness for this species, I don't think I want to have anything to do with it.  She has no, I think the word is culture.  She has none.  She is a wild animal.  Sure, she has reason without much thought for the future.  She has free will, maybe too much will."
"Listen to yourself, Fran.  Too much free will?  What are you talking about?  She was drunk, probably for the first time in her life.  It reduces inhibitions.  Maybe her liver is not designed to process alcohol.  For all we know we have poisoned her.  No one thought of that yesterday.  But I agree with you both about the lack of remorse.  Let's look at what this could mean.  She is an instinctive predator.  Humans, as violent as we are, have to be taught and conditioned by example or severe abuse to kill, and even then it is almost never without remorse.  Obviously, there is a big difference there."
"Tom, you are right.  So what are we going to do about it?  We know what Bridget and her girls wish we had done, but what are we going to do?"
"Are you going to wait until a person is killed?"  Bridget asked.
"Bridget, are you saying that Frigg is not a person?"  Fran asked.
Bridget did not know how to respond to that.  That must be how she felt.  She did not think of Pete as a person.  The only one who seemed to feel that way was Yvonna, but, then, Bridget remembered how she felt at first after Mitts killed the bunny.  How could she know how Yvonna really felt?  She wanted the "child" killer back in her home.  She could not have seen Pete as a child, more as a pet.  Finally she answered.
"We have very dangerous pets."
"Is that all they are to us?"  Tom asked.
"Frigg helped save Ellenton, but everyone is familiar with the story of the loyal dog pulling its master from the burning house.  How can we know she is more than just a cunning animal?"  Fran asked.
"She has language skills, Fran."  Tom answered.  "Otherwise I'd have to ask myself the same question about a lot of folks back on Earth.  She has moral judgment, and free will.  She saved Bridget's life.
"And she killed her own child."  Bridget added.
"Obviously, she never really cared for Pete.  Was she just looking for an excuse to get rid of him?  Ellenton might just have these creatures figured out.  What did he call it, extreme sexual dimorphism?"  Tom asked.
"That is just a word for differences in shape and size.  It does not cover what we saw happen."  Fran answered.  "They seem to have extreme differences in personality based on sex, but there are still similarities."
"The whole instinctive predator thing."  Tom responded.  "Still, we should not destroy something just because we do not understand it."
"I understand them.  I know what they are."  Bridget was not allowed the final word, and the discussion went on a long time without consensus.
***
Frigg knew that she needed to explain herself to someone but did not know how to, at least not well enough to be understood.  There was only one way she could think of to communicate with a Human, the brain slug.  She caught one at the water's edge one evening and put it in a bowl with water.  She brought it to Elli and Jackie's place.  When they greeted her at the door she presented it to them in the bowl, and pointed to herself and to Elli and to the cave.  Her intention was obvious.  She knew that Ellenton had an area in the back of the cave set aside for his experiments with his slug.  There was a tub of water for removing the slug.  They waited until everyone was asleep except for the night watch and went to the cave.
Ellenton had a very vivid picture in his mind of what was happening.  He and Frigg lay comatose on blankets on the floor of the cave.  Others sat around and tended to them and watched them, Jackie, Fran, Tom, and Bridget.  When he and Frigg began to communicate it was like a dream.  They were somewhere else, another world, the home world of the cat people.  Frigg was free and happy.  She ran in the forest with her sisters.  No one ever bothered them...The dream continued for some time, in dreamtime.  He could clearly see and understand her way of life and motivations, form her own eyes.  He showed her his way of life as well and she understood.  The free flowing part of the dream ended.
"Now you know, Elli, why I had to kill Pete.  It is our way.  The males and the females always live apart.  The females cooperate to raise the young and live and let live as long as we avoid another group's territory.  The males are alone and carefree their whole lives once they can hunt for themselves, but they have no society.  They always kill on sight.  There is no other way possible to us in nature.  The aliens tried to change us and give us culture, but for most it never took.  Odin and Loki are the offspring of that ancient experiment in social engineering that went wildly wrong.  Now they and their fellow travelers rove the Galaxy preying upon the weak.  As you know, the peaceful aliens call them the Hegemony and have formed the Consortium to combat them.  The Hegemony is a false front, a paper tiger, created by the worldview of the Consortium.  They mistake a universal commonality of purpose for a plan or a conspiracy.  For those who rove the sky there is no plan, only kill and be killed, the way they were meant to live.  I saw this in Loki's heart.  He revels in that life."
"The only reason I was able to adapt to you and your friends was the result of my life on ship and at the station.  I learned about Humans and your feelings for one another and I could see that you are like my sisters in the forest.  It is possible for some of the males of my kind to live in peace with each other with modern technology, but only in isolation from the females and only in special conditions where they cultivate the suppression of their natural instincts.  That is rare and I have never seen it happen.  I saw in your mind that you would call that special place a monastery."
Thus, Ellenton learned everything he needed to know about Frigg.  The others, who slept without the protective caps experienced the dreams, as did those who watched the two sleepers.  Except Bridget.  She rejected the dream and would not let it possess her.  She had learned to be strong willed from Tom and was quite happy to find that she possessed such good control over her own will and own mind, but she also learned nothing from the dreams.
She did "listen" to the verbal exchange.  When it was finished she spoke out loud.  "It is not true.  It is all falsehood.  You are being tricked!"
She shook herself as if to shake off an unwanted touch and ran from the cave to the security of her home.  Ellenton, in his minds eye, saw how she reacted and laughed.  It reminded him of the way a cat shakes its head in disgust after submitting to an unsolicited petting.
***
Others.  Many others, in far away place were also aware of the dreams of Elli and Frigg, aware and mindful.  Soon, the same Consortium Agent who had dealt with them before returned to the planet of the exiles.  He was compelled to investigate, not so much by orders as by his own overwhelming curiosity.  He came with a warning.  He met them in the same cave with the same people and some others, but he came alone leaving his crew to cower in his ship.  They never liked away missions.  He enjoyed the challenge and was confident there was little danger.  He understood the Rangers and their friends.  His crew always suspected danger.  Life in space made many into shut-ins.  He knew they would flee at the slightest sign of danger and leave him behind to face it alone.  He was resigned to the fact.  They were the best crew he could find, but no adventurers among them.  He knew that this meeting would have to be face to face.  So, safe from harmful ultra violet radiation in the cave, he removed his extra vehicular activity headgear.  When the seal broke it hissed, equalizing the pressure of the suit with the atmosphere.
They were all a gasp at his novel appearance.  He took advantage of the opportunity to speak first.  He had worked hard to master English without the aid of the translating computer in his suit.  He thought he spoke clearly.  The people in the cave could just comprehend his accent and listened all the more intensely.
"You all know why I have come here.  I am here to warn you against further dealings and cooperation with the creature you have dubbed Frigg.  You do not understand what she is.  You are putting yourselves in grave danger if you persist in this, this, experiment in excessive tolerance."
Bridget spoke impulsively.  "I tried to warn them, but only Fran would listen."
"Now, Bridget, sweaty, let the...man...talk."  Fran said in her most soothing motherly voice.  She stumbled at the word "man" not knowing what else to call him.
"Thank you, Frances.  I fully support and agree with you and your sisters, Bridget.  I have an offer.  We will take the creatures off your hands and return them to their home world."  He fully expected them to comply with his request.
Ellenton responded.  "What if she does not want to go with you?  What if she doesn't trust you?"
"That is of no concern.  She and her offspring will be treated properly."  The Agent answered.
"No concern?"  Tom interjected.  "You mean she has no choice in the matter?"
The Agent was not accustomed to such impertinence, as ship commander everyone always followed his slightest suggestion.  In spite of his obvious surprise, he was polite and maintained his decorum.  "You do not seem to be aware of the implications of this situation.  Permit me to explain."
"Please do."  Tom answered.
"This creature, this cat woman as you call her, was put here for a purpose by the servants of Loki.  The greater purpose of this world is beginning to become clear.  The introduction of the so-called brain slugs, the repeated attempts at colonization with Human captives, and now the mate and her offspring all point to one thing.  The creature who calls himself Loki intends to use this world to build an army of his own kind.  This is not without precedent.  It has happened before.  Loki is an anomaly among his own kind.  He is not content to terrorize and lord it over his helpless victims on his ships and base stations.  He has ambitions, delusions of grandeur, dreams of empire."
Ellenton responded.  "So, you do not really buy into this whole Galactic Hegemony line?  You are afraid the Loki cat will try to go for the real thing?"
The agent answered.  "The Hegemony is an historical reality and still exists as a loose association or league.  The others, originally led by the creature calling himself Odin, once attempted to conquer the Galaxy but split and splintered and now only seem to be able to cooperated for the purpose of combining to prevent any one of them from becoming too powerful."
"Let me guess."  It was Jack.  "Odin and Loki are traditional rivals in some grand war of mutual destruction, a kind of galactic Ragnarok."
The agent ignored the comment and continued.  "The question here is the issue of your own safety.  The so called cat woman and her brood must not be permitted to remain."
"You intend to kidnap her and her daughters, take them against their will, and bring them somewhere, who knows where"  Jackie spoke accusingly.
"Jackie, we are not going to let any of our friends be taken against their will.  At least it is not going to happen with our consent, but if she consents to go there is nothing we would do to stop her."  Tom stated.
"She has gone into hiding."  Jack said.  "I take that to mean that she is afraid and does not want to go."
"In that case I must insist."  The Agent insisted.  "I do not intend to leave this planet without her."
Jokingly, Tom answered.  "Then you should make yourself at home because you will be hanging around for a while."
"I do not think our new guest has introduced himself."  Jack stated.
"I am the same Operative Squeltchmec who dealt with you before, only now I am unmasked."
"Yes, without your space helmet we see you as you really are."  Fran commented.  "But you have also unmasked yourself ethically.  Your offer to take away one of our friends against her will reveals a kind of moral ambiguity we associate with war or with tyranny."
"I apologize if I have offended, but I fear that you do not understand the situation."  The alien countered.  "I am firm in my resolve not to let the status quo continue.  The danger represented by this creature you have unwittingly befriended is far too great.  These creatures are quite beyond good and evil.  Like any wild animal they are subject to instinct and should therefore not be expected to conform to the rules of civil society.  By the same token, they need not be afforded all the rights that attach to those of us who clearly possess free will and are capable of being ruled by right reason.  I must insist that you do not understand what you are dealing with here."
"OK, Mac, do you mind if I call you that because I can not say your real name?"  Jack interjected.  "It sounds too much like a mechanical noise to me and not a real name.  I do not intend to give our friend up to you.  I do not intend to help you find her.  When she wants to come home she will come home, and then you may politely invite her to leave with you."
"I stand with Jack."  Tom added.  "If you start kidnapping now, how can we trust you?"
"I object to the implication.  I never intended to seize her with violence.  I expected you to hand her over to us because you understood the danger of the situation.  If this is the way it must be, then so be it.  I will remain on this planet until this is settled to my satisfaction."
"Let me see if I understand you correctly."  Ellenton put in.  "You expect us to agree with this notion that because instinct can overcome reason, such a being has no inalienable rights.  I can understand why you would take that position in the case of the males.  At least they are clearly a danger to others, but the females are different.  The only case in which they are influenced by instinct to the point where it overcomes reason is when they are driven by the mating instinct, and that could hardly be said to be harmful or dangerous to others.  Your reasoning is mistaken.  You might as well tell us that we Humans should be denied our right to liberty because we often allow emotion to overcome our reason.  There is little difference between deeply conditioned emotion and instinct.  Why can't reason and will overcome instinct as well?  I think it can.  I think we also have instincts.  We might not be aware of them or understand them because they are more subtle and an innate part of our nature.  Doesn't that make us even more dangerous?  I'm sure you could possess instincts as well."
Bridget interrupted.  "You are forgetting one thing.  Maybe instincts are not all bad.  Think about one instinct she lacks.  She snapped her own child's neck and tossed it away like an unwanted toy.  She has no compassion.  Maybe I mean empathy.  You tell me.  This arguing over the finer points of ideas is all new to me still.  Whatever it is.  She has none, not even for her own child."
"You might be right, Bridget."  Ellenton answered.  "In that case she did us a favor, if the male of her kind is innately evil."
"I see that this negotiation is going to take a long time." Mac commented.  "I am not prepared to argue these fine points of justice and injustice.  I have often been accused of being motivated by a need to take action without taking the time to think over a situation.  In this case the danger is long term and to you theoretical.  In my experience I see it more clearly, as if it is happening now.  I admit that I should not force you to make a choice between her or me.  I intend to wait you out.  As I said.  I am going nowhere, and I will further admit that from the moment the existence of the so called brain slugs on this world was discovered, I was instructed to take appropriate action and not depart until the task was done.  I intend to stay.  My crew of xenophobic and agoraphobic shut-ins can hide in my ship, but we are staying.
<                                      Chapter Five


On Earth the conflict within the CFR between the Independent Corporations who had taken control of the Council, the remnants of the decapitated Central Intelligence Agency, now thoroughly exposed to the public in the corporate media, and the Home Office in the Royal City of London where the Eugenics Commission was under siege, left the Fusion very much open to attacks from the Natural Rights Movement.  The CFR was paralyzed by the corporate Independents who refused to finance the Peace Keepers at a level necessary to maintain control.  By the time of the return of the Consortium to the Planet of Exiles, as the world was known in the arena of speculative journalism on Earth, the CFR Ambassadors had been stripped of their former powers and now functioned only as true ambassadors.  Peace Keeper troops were only used to intervene when interstate wars started.  The world's population was again growing, as well as the economy, which was the actual aim of the Independents.
A small, one person, alien craft was detected on a trajectory for the old city of Columbia in the center of the urban corridor of South Carolina.  As it approached the ancient Capitol grounds those on guard below deactivated its electromagnetic systems, but a parachute deployed and a distress signal activated.  There was a live voice transmission, an alien voice.  The decision was made not to blow it out of the sky, and it settled with a thump on the State House lawn, damaging the manicured lawn and breaking limbs from a stately, ancient Live Oak tree.  The craft was not in the familiar disk shape.  It was a teardrop shape.  The parachute had deployed from the pointed end, the blunt end striking the ground.  The parachute had been expertly manipulated to guide the craft to the intended spot.
After armed Rangers had surrounded it, taken up positions, and had a couple of minutes to settle down, the hatch opened and the alien climbed out.  He was unarmed and unclothed, except for a natural coat of short, fine fur.  His prehensile tail twitched nervously.  He held up both hands, retractable claws retracted, to indicate surrender.  The Rangers led him through a ground level door by the huge granite stare case of the State House and into a meeting room.  His spacecraft was loaded into a large truck and taken away.
By the time Roger and George had been brought to the room the alien had been provided with a key board and had demonstrated a great deal of typing skill, conversing with the his captors by means of a computer.  Everyone was impressed that he could type so well, and in English.  He did not happen to mention that the skill was implanted in him with a direct brain-interface teaching device on his home world as part of his preparation for this special mission.
The two men made themselves comfortable in chairs provide by the guards at what they supposed to be out of pouncing distance.  They looked at each other and Roger nodded.
"You are right George.  It looks just like that Loki creature."
"I am not like that one."  The creature responded by means of the keyboard.  The discussions continued for several days.  It was decided after the initial conversation not to put the alien in a cage at the zoo, but that an armed guard at his door would be sufficient.  His purpose was to show the people of Earth that his species, as a whole, was not a danger to them, that their conflict was with an uncontrollable criminal element, and that the rest were blameless.  He made the offer that they pick a volunteer to return to his world on a pre-programmed trajectory to investigate for himself.  The former CIA agent, Alfred Majors, who was working for the Public Safety Committee as a consultant, all be it under house arrest, also participated in the discussions.
The three discussed their response to the proposed exchange.  Al, as they called him now, began.
"We have to consider the possibility of brainwashing with some alien mind control technology.  How can we ever be sure that our investigator is not turned?"
"We will have to debrief our agent with alien mind probe tech."  George seemed resigned.  "Whoever volunteers will have to understand that from the beginning.
Jack's younger brother, Jeremy, volunteered.  He was young and energetic and well prepared and educated.  He felt like he had missed out on the Revolution and now saw his chance to go into space like his brother.  Also, he harbored a secret plan to ask the cat people aliens to divert him to the Planet of the Exiles after he completed his mission so that he might visit Jack.  He missed his big brother terribly and longed to see him, if only for a short visit.  The mind probe was not used in the preparation for the trip that would have been seen as an unnecessary intrusion as well as an insult to his character, which everyone who knew him considered beyond reproach.
The small alien craft was restocked with food suitable for Human consumption.  The trip would be only a few days from the perspective of the traveler, but several weeks if we account for time dilation.  The primary obstacle to the acceptance of any claims in the media concerning the truth of recent stories of interstellar travel was the lack of a scientific explanation for the discrepancy in relativistic effects on time resulting from anti-gravity drive as opposed to conventional means of acceleration and deceleration using the direct application of thrust in a rocket ship.  Since no explanation was forthcoming such stories were commonly ridiculed and dismissed in public.  The big reason for secrecy in this mission was political.  To publicize the mission would have brought discredit to the revolution.  So, the Public Safety Committee simply left the whole issue of space travel for future generations to learn about if it ever became commonplace.  Any rumors to the contrary were simply ignored and never commented on.
***
On the Planet of Exiles the decision by the Consortium Agent to remain with his ship parked nearby at first created quite a stir.  Many people attempted to "knock on the door" in an attempt to speak to the occupants.  They were greeted by silence.  After a few days it became part of the landscape, almost like some forbidden ancient relic, which it was in all actuality.  Mac, as Jack had dubbed him, was holding back for several reasons, having to do with ancient protocols for dealing with native populations and problems with his crew.  First, establish who is in charge, of the ship at least.  Never give locals access and do not let them think you are at their beck and call.  Second, let them become accustomed to your presence.  Do not throw too much newness in their faces.  It is upsetting.  In addition, there was a mutiny of sorts going on inside the ship.
The crew, who its captain had accurately described as a bunch of xenophobic, agoraphobic, shut-ins were very unhappy with the situation.  They threatened to strand the captain and take off in the detachable portion of the starship that contained the drive mechanism and navigational computer.  They argued that an extended indeterminate stay on the surface violated their contract that was for space travel exclusively.  His only legal option was to threaten to impound their back pay, which was considerable, worth much more than the value of his ancient ship.  He put in a call for extraction using a pulse beam graviton broadcast, ordered them to stay put and reminded them that their contracts contained a mandatory liquidation clause covering mutiny and desertion, that he was activating that clause, and they could expect never to find work in the Consortium until the issue was arbitrated.  This forced the crew to negotiate.  He settled for half their back pay, enough to buy a new detachable drive section and ordered them to leave immediately.  He was confident that the ship that answered the emergency call for extraction would not leave him stranded for long.
As soon as the detachable drive section departed Mac opened the ramp to the cargo and living section that was left behind.  It also contained weapons systems.  That indicates how strongly Mac trusted the Rangers to live up to their professed ideal of respecting the property of others.  Also, to succeed in his plan he had to have their active cooperation.
Mac remained inside because he had to avoid UV exposure.  He sat at a desk just inside the ramp and greeted the first to venture in.  It was Tom and Jack.
"Well, Mac, I see you have decide to speak to us again.  Would you like to explain just what is going on here?"  Tom asked.
Mac explained and than made an offer.  "I understand that you might see me as a burden, just sitting here occupying your land, land which you claimed from the desert.  I wish to offer you something in exchange, call it rent.  First, you should all have access to the ships medical compartment.  I believe your space women, as you call them, already know how to operate the equipment.  I also have brought some machines you can use to fabricate building materials and fuel.  With one device you can convert almost any biomass to fuel.  You call it depolymerization.  The product can be converted to plastic and molded with another device.   There is also one for converting sand and clay to brick.  Finally there are the ore smelting and metal fabricating devises.  There are short-range vehicles for exploring the planet and finding necessary raw materials.  It is all yours.  No need to thank me.  It is all part of my plan.  You see.  I have been at this kind of thing for a very long time.  I want to work with you because I trust you.  Therefore, I have accelerated my time schedule.  My pathetically timid crew does not agree with me so I sent them away."
Tom and Jack were left speechless for a moment.  Then Jack asked.  "Resources for what?  What do you intend us to build?"
"Build whatever you want, but you will need elemental fuel, Thorium and Uranium, to refuel the machines and for future use.  One of your people came here shouting something about finding gold.  We will need that and silver and rare earths as well if we are to make something of this place.  You cannot expect me to just sit here and be stranded in squalor do you?  I mean no offence to your efforts so far, but as some of you are fond of saying, I have the equipment."
"Are you just handing it all over to us?"  Tom asked.
"When have you ever expected to get something for nothing?  I expect you to rely on my knowledge and advice.  Oh, yes, I expect you to keep her away from this place.  If she steps foot on this ship, she is dead.  I expect you to build something for your own future and in the process make me even more fabulously wealthy than I already am."
"By her, I expect you mean Frigg."  Tom commented.  "What if she needs medical treatment?"
"In that case, I might consider treating her if you can find a straight jacket that fits her.  Otherwise she is to come no where near this place."
"She is still in hiding."  Jack responded.  "How are we to let her know about your condition?"
"She already knows, I assure you.  I have already communicated with her while you all slept."  The others understood that he must have used a slug or the technological equivalent.  "You must realize that if I wanted to, as you put it, kidnap her I would have already done so.  This situation is much more complex than you seem to realize."
"Give us some credit.  You are using her as bait."  Jack accused.
"So?  Is there a problem with that?  I have shown you that I am willing to face whatever comes and stand with you.  What more do you want from me?  If I had merely left you to stand alone, she would have still served as bait.  That might have been her true purpose all along.  They are instinctive predators.  They often use a female as bait in order to trap a male opponent.  As you might put it, some time very soon all hell is going to brake out here.  It is time to prepare."
"I am beginning to understand now why your crew deserted."  Tom answered.  "You are one crazy space bugger."
The grimace on Macs face was what passed for a smile with his species.  "I have been told that before, in other words, but essentially the same comment.  Here is the way I see it.  The cat men, or whatever you want to call them, are fierce, but they are moral cowards, like all criminals.  It is in the nature of the predator.  He cannot afford to be seriously wounded and be unable to hunt.  Now he uses proxies to do his fighting for him.  They have absolutely no interest in dying for him.  They will fold at the least resistance.  I've seen it before.  It always plays out the same way.  All we have to do is survive the initial onslaught and we have them."
"Is that all?  And we should be grateful for what?"  Jack responded.  "What are you bringing down on us?"
"Nothing that was not already on its way."
***
One thing that was on its way that no one on the Planet of Exiles knew about or expected was Jeremy, who had completed his mission to the planet of the cat people and was kindly diverted for a short visit to his brother.  His one-man vehicle approached on a straight trajectory for the village.  The automated defense program of Mac's base station activated, disabling his craft.  The parachute deployed and activated a distress signal.  Jeremy spoke into the communicator.
"Don't shoot me down fellows, I'm a friendly.  Jack, are you there?  It's Jeremy, coming in for landing, unless I hit the lake.  Then it's a splashdown.  Are you there?"  He changed to more common radio jargon.  "Do you read me?  Over."
The live radio transmission saved Jeremy's life by causing the automated system to send a query to Mac who put a temporary hold on the system allowing the craft to splash down. 
They sent a small hovercraft to bring him and his spacecraft in.  The greeting was one of surprise and much emotion, but it was cut short.
"What the hell are you doing here baby brother?  No, no need to explain now.  There is a lot going on here right now.  Come with me to the command bunker.  It's in the cave."  In the back of the cave, beyond the place Ellenton had used for his experiments, a room had been excavated out of the bedrock with laser drills.  Several men, including Tom were bent over a table with a hand made miniature representation of the vicinity of the village and the lake.  There were little flags stuck in the sand of the topographic sculpture representing troop placements.  The flags in and around the village were blue.  Those surrounding the village were red.  Jeremy knew what that meant.
Tom looked up from the table and said.  "What the hell is he doing here?"
They took it as an order to leave the room because the inflection in his voice did not indicate a question.  They assumed that Jeremy had not been recognized due to the stress and concentration of those at the table.  As they walked toward the opening of the cave Tom stopped them.
"How did you get here?  Do you know anything about this invasion?"  Tom asked.
"I just got here.  I have no idea what is happening."  He answered the second question first.  "An alien came to Earth and I volunteered to visit his home world in his one man space ship.  They let me stop by for a visit on my way home."
Tom shook his head and turned walking off to the conference.  When they got to the entrance explosions began hammering the village.  "Get back!  It's another mortar bombardment."
The two brothers lay face down in the sand until the bombardment stopped.  The silence was only momentary.  Then they could hear it, music.
"That is a new one on me."  Jack commented.  "Bag pipes.  I suppose your arrival was taken as a signal to attack."
There was scattered rifle and machinegun fire.  "Bag pipes? What the hell, Jack?  Who uses bag pipes?"
"His Majesty's Colestream Guards for one, you know, the guys in the big black fur hats."  Jack answered.
"Them?  Here?"
"Yea, for real, they think they are in Australia or something.  Don't ask me how the hell they got here."
"I saw the base station that shot me down.  Can't they do something?"
"The same tech that shot you down is disabling most of ours.  There is only one thing to do, kill or be killed.  We have to get some weapons."
As they ran to a bunker someone in a guard tower shouted at them and pointed vigorously in the direction of the main attack.  "She's goin' at'm!"
Jeremy had no way on knowing that "she" was a female of the species whose home world he had just visited.  The man in the tower could see it clearly.  He remembered the snipers and crouched back down to watch from the relative safety of a peephole.
Her attacks were swift, vicious, relentless and without mercy, just as Bridget had always said they would be.  She pounced from concealment, tossing her victims aside like rag dolls, just as she had that night at the campfire.  The pipers must have particularly offended her because she dispatched them as a group.  She picked up one of their weapons.  She was a dead shot.  The enemy lines broke and ran.  She continued shooting them in the back until she was out of ammo.  She picked up another loaded rifle and a bandoleer of ammo, in hot pursuit of the enemy.  She was out of sight but they could here shots and distant screams for some time afterwards, and then during the night.  At dawn, the enemy attempted surrender, but their surrender was not received.  She had not done it all herself.  The Rangers followed up as well.  They had suffered heavy casualties, including women and children, and were in no mood to parley.
Jack had been able to intervene only when they had the headquarters of the attackers surrounded and most of the defenders were dead.  He finally caught sight of Frigg and shouted at her at the top of his lungs.  "I need prisoners!"
Three came out of their hole, their hands raised high.  They, unlike their troops who were dressed in desert kaki, were dressed in red Royal Army officers formal dress uniforms.  The trooper who led them to Jack, his rifle pointed at their backs had one comment.
"What the frack, Jack, do they think they were here for a picnic?"
Jack walked up to the highest ranking officer and asked.  "Why are you here?"
The man inanely answered with his name, rank and serial number.  Jack produced a pocket pistol and put a bullet between the man's eyes, and turned to the next.
"Why are you here?"  That one began to tremble violently and urinated on himself.  Jack kicked him in the groin and he fell to the ground contracted in pain.  He then turned to the next.  Before he could repeat the question the man began to talk.  In a blind panic he said whatever came to mind.
"We were ordered by the government.  They loaded us into a damned flying saucer and dropped us here.  They said the only way home was victory..."  He began yammering aimlessly.
"Who loaded you into the space ship?"  Jack was exhausted and wasn't thinking clearly.
Mac had walked up behind him and put a hand on his shoulder.  "They don't know anything Jack.  They are just tools."
Jack got a far away look and then snapped out of it.  He adjusted his anti-mind reading cap for what seemed like the ten thousandth time, to check that it was still in place.  He silenced the two with one bullet each.  Then he just sat beside the bodies, exhausted.
"No mercy."  He said to no one in particular.  "Kill all the cannibals."
Frigg was standing over him watching.  When he was silent for a while, she trotted off, an assault rifle slung on her shoulder.  Mac watched her leave, thinking that she must be going to hunt down any stragglers, and looked around at the carnage.  It did not seem to matter how many times in his long life he saw this kind of thing, or what species were the victims.  He always felt a kind of metaphysical sadness, a sadness for the world, the universe at large.  He pulled himself out of the dark mood and looked for someone who still seemed to be mentally present and saw Jack's brother for the first time, holding the hood of his light brown cap up just enough to see, the glare reflected from the rocks burning his unprotected skin a little.  He thought Jeremy was a person new to him, but was not sure he could tell these Humans one from another.  He spoke to the man.
"You there, their jamming and disrupting equipment is still active.  Someone needs to find it and switch it off."
***
A few weeks later, Jeremy was finally able to convince himself that it was alright to leave, that he had to complete his mission, that he was not abandoning his brother by leaving him on this desolate world.  Someone had to report this attack from Earth, as well as all the things he had learned on the alien planet he had been sent to investigate, but before he left one more very strange thing happened.  An alien cargo ship arrived, this one loaded with refugees.
Mac described these aliens as the Galactic equivalent of the Humane Society, a sort of Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Sentient Beings.  In this case the beneficiaries of their charity were Human beings, people whose ancestors had been taken from Earth during the last two centuries.  They had collected over one thousand Human beings and for some reason thought it was a good idea to deposit them on the Planet of Exiles.  Mac said they were seeking payment in fuel pellets.  Tom informed them that if they did not leave quickly they would receive payment in the form of a tactical nuke, after they dropped off their Human cargo, of course.   Mac seemed to find humor in the exchange of words, and when the refugee ship's captain seemed to look to him for support Mac turned his back on him.
"What did you say those people were?"  Tom asked Mac, meaning the captain and crew of the departing refugee ship.
"They are scavengers.  They are the ones who answered my initial distress call.  It seems I will be here for much longer than I expected, and we have more company for dinner."  Tom did not always understand Mac's sense of humor, but he got the joke that time.  Mac was looking at the bewildered crowd left behind by the ship.  Mac asked a couple of the Rangers to help start up the food synthesizers in the base station.  It would require most of the stored biomass in the bilge to feed that crowd.
"People sure eat a lot of disgusting stuff around here."  That was one of the last things Jeremy said to his brother before leaving.
"Only if you think about how it's made," was Jacks answer.
***
The refugees had their own natural leaders, or so it seemed.  A few of the ones who acted like they were in charge were invited to dinner at Jack and Ellenton's fire pit. Tom had just "told them the score" as Jack often put it when he explained things to newcomers.  The supposed representatives of the new exiles were actually chosen simply because they could speak or understand English and thus report back to the others what was said at the meeting.  After Tom had his initial say Ellenton decide to tell the newcomers about recent events.  He was recovering from a shrapnel injury to his thigh thanks to effective field dressing and the Super Rife Machine, as Jackie called the medical machine in the base station.
"You might have noticed a lot of damage to this settlement that has not yet been repaired.   Recently we came under attack.  I believe you have been informed of how we were sold to the Loki Monster and taken here as breading stock colonists for his future use.  It seems that we were not working out quite the way Loki had planned so he bought a band of professional killers known as soldiers from some jerk back on Earth who has a family history of renting out killers for hire.  I suppose they were here to wipe us out and replace us.  We killed them all, just as we killed all the cannibals who thought they were running things here abouts when we got here.  It cost us dearly and we have no wish to repeat the experience, but there is something you should know about us.  We never quit.  We never surrender.  We never take prisoners.  I just thought you should understand that if you wish to hang around this place.  There is a whole great big planet you can wander around on out there as you please.  I think you should look to Mac, our alien friend, for help with that if you don't like the way things are here, because it was his distress signal that caused your former captors or saviors or whatever they were to you to abandon you here.  I realize that is one hell of a welcome, but you must realize that we are not in a particularly welcoming mood around here.  We are not your benefactors and this is not some primitive paradise.  We like to think that we practice a policy of live and let live, just as Tom has explained to you.  This planet is not so magnanimous.  The policy of Mother Nature is live and let die.  The sooner you understand this the better off you will be.  This is no place for the lazy and useless.  You and the others have practically consumed our entire emergency food supply in one sitting.  The first thing in the morning parties will be organized to collect more biomass because you will not be eating again until it gets done."
Mac was observing from the shadows, not wishing to participate in the event.  He found the speech amusing.  The only correction he would have offered, if he had cared to, was concerning the question of his responsibility for the refugees being here.  He strongly suspected that they were lured here by Loki's minions.  It did not really matter to him who lured them here.  They were here, and population growth fit well into his plans.  He realized that Elli was not finished with his speech.
"So, I hope we understand each other.  Just to show you how unbelievably fracking generous we truly are," Elli, like most of the Rangers had fallen into the habit of thoughtlessly inserting profanity in his everyday speech as if it were punctuation marks of some sort.  Something they had not done before the siege and the battle had taken so many of their friends and loved ones.  "I will propose a toast, with the last of all the fracking whisky on this worthless piece of dung and bung hole of a planet for a long time to come.  This is a salutation of great significance from the olden days back when people gave a hoot in hell about such things."  He raised his glass.  Only Jack had any idea what Elli might say because he was the only one who was familiar with and understood his twisted sense of humor.
"Live long and prosper."  They gave each other the Vulcan salute.  When everyone had finished with the toast, Elli poured himself and Jack the last two shots of moonshine and they saluted each other again.  Fran and Jackie watched in only slightly drunken amusement, Jackie breaking into a fit of the giggles.  Bridget, Svetlanna, and Frigg certainly did not get the joke, nor did the newcomers, but were duly impressed nonetheless.
"I have something to say."  Jack blurted out.  "No, it is not another toast, because there is no more whisky.  I want you to all to go back and tell your people how unutterably happy I am to see you all here on this wonder planet under this star filled sky.  I have a proposition for you.  I want you all to tell your strong young men, and even any young women who think they are strong enough and tough enough, to come talk to me tomorrow or in the next few days or so because I intend to rebuild the Rangers here and now.  Tell them all they should come to me.  If they ask why tell them Rangers kick ass!"  Jack sat down.  He had nothing else to say the rest of the evening.
Elli was by no means finished.  Again he stood to speak.  "I'd like to commemorate this occasion with a tribute to our wild and deadly alien friend, the lovely and mortally dangerous Frigg.  I think we all know what she has done for us.  I saw it for myself.  Otherwise, I might never have believed that something like that was possible.  She is truly a powerful and beautiful creature.  Everyone here should realize by now that she is no danger to us, because, if she had wanted to, she could have killed us all from the beginning.  I think Mac, bless his sneaky heart, knew how dangerous she really is and only pretended to try to warn us by means of extreme understatement.  For this, Mister Mac,"  he lifted his empty cup in the alien's direction because he was aware of him skulking in the dark, "we thank you."  He continued.
"I feel we have done Frigg a disservice by giving her such a sexy name.  It does not do her justice.  It is only half a name, for each of us, at least those of us from Earth, have at least two names.   I realize that this might seem redundant to you Bridget, but on Earth there have always been a hell of a lot more people, some would say too God damn many, in fact, so, we have at least two names.  In that spirit and in the spirit of our feelings of awe and admiration and respect for her amazing abilities, from now on I dub Frigg, the Valkyrie.  That means she who selects the slain."  He raised his empty cup in tribute.  "To Valkyrie!"
"To Valkyrie!" Jack, Tom, and to everyone's surprise, Mack, answered.  Frigg had opened her eyes and sat up from her nap at the first mention of her Human given name.  She listened carefully to the whole speech, her eyes wide.  At the conclusion she humbly bowed her head.  Then she resumed her nap.
***
On Earth, again due to relativistic time lag mitigated greatly by anti-gravity drive, the Prince of Wales did not find out about the fate of the infantry battalion his father had sold to the aliens until weeks after the event.  In addition, there was no word from the aliens, who had made such glowing promises or those bureaucratic gnomes of the Eugenics Council.  Word came from the Home Office agents within the antifusionist revolutionary regime in, of all places, South Carolina.
The Prince of Wales was actually just the prince of the Royal City of London.  His title was an indication of hope for future greatness or a tribute to past greatness, depending on whether or not one was a Royalist.  The directors of the Eugenics Council, the same ones who had advised his father to sell the troops, had plans for him, the viceroydom of Wales under their projected Meritocracy.  The Duke of York, his half brother by another planned Council sanctioned mating, was also given to expect to be viceroy of the north of England as well.  The Prince, was not happy with his father and the pushy Council.  He had a plan of his own.  He had never trusted the aliens, and would replace the sitting Council with his own loyalists.
To complete his plan he required the support of not only the Home Office, but all the petty Viceroy's who had already been installed in small island states around the world.  He needed any troops they could spare to defeat the Council's goons.  Even he, their prize progeny, thought of the Eugenics enforcers and mercenary troops as goons.  He would see to it that all such scum were eliminated within the Royal City of London and replaced by new a Royal Guard commanded by gentlemen and staffed by true loyalists, not brutish corporatist scum.  The Council had to be stopped before they engineered the elimination of the remainder of the gentlemen soldiers still extant.  The Prince always felt that everything he thought and desired was better than and above the thoughts and desires of the common run of humanity.  His early upbringing had been a total success in that regard.  The Privy Council and the Star Chamber, all the useless old toadies, who had encouraged his father in his folly, would be eliminated along with his father, the King.  Even the moribund institution of Kingship would be eliminated.  He would be a true principle citizen of his new order, a new Augustus, the shining culmination of the grand purpose of the new Meritocracy.
When he contacted his man in the Home office he did not need to speak much.  His man always seemed to know what he wanted.
"Yes, Prince.  The news of the disaster has been verified and all loyal officers informed.  The day of action is here, now.  We must move, even before any help comes from the colonies."  The Home Office was originally in charge of colonial affairs, and old habits of mind die-hard.  "When reinforcements begin arriving it will be an accomplished fact.  You will already be proclaimed Prince of the Realm and Lord Protector of the Fusion by the House of Lords.  Republican Britain is effectively neutralized by typical republican paralysis as you anticipated, and your plan for a Final Settlement of Ireland will be set in motion.  That is how the colonial troops will best serve us.  The assassins in place are all deluded members of the IRA who believe they are working for Natural Rights handlers with corporate backing.  The Ulster Brigade will be brought in to protect London after the recent losses.  The invasion of Ireland will be totally justified."
"As always, you have anticipated my thoughts exactly."  The Prince answered.  "Secrets such as ours can not survive long.  Swift action is called for.  Have your men escort me to the planning room at once."
***
Loki was enraged by the defeat of his newest slaves on the Planet of Exiles.  It was Fenrir's idea, but that Fafnir was equally to blame.  He had just barely escaped from Bermuda.  All his plans were going wrong at once.  It was time to consult his two chief servants directly and in person.  His personal craft arrived undetected by Consortium scans at the secrete base on Mars, a base well concealed in a great cavern in a crevice.  The base was staffed with the usual slaves, all Human, and chosen by his two henchmen, the ancient brothers he had recruited thousands of years ago, true believers in the old Cult of the Wolf, the original indo-european warrior cult.  They were Human, but they were much like him.  They were due to be awakened from the brain slug induced coma soon in any case.  The medical scanners could keep them young indefinitely, but they still needed to work their muscles and bones.  Also, the powered chair bound proxies, the meat puppets they used to do their bidding, were no substitute for real life in the final analysis.
Loki sat in his throne in the command center of the station, a medical sarcophagus on either side of him.  The slaves assembled in the room kept their heads bowed and eyes to the deck.  He did not need to speak to anyone.  There were no anti-mind control caps in this place.  They could all hear his thoughts, in the form of commands.
"Give me a slug, I'm hungry."  A slave girl carefully handed him a fat slug.  Loki's personal slug, the one firmly attacked to the back of his head could not sedate him as long as he occasionally ingested raw slug flesh which caused his own endocrine system to secrete the antidote, an accident of nature and the secrete of his success.  Eating the slug had an immediate effect, like a stimulant.  "I told you I'm hungry.  Bring me food."
A male slave entered the room carrying a Human infant only weeks old.  Loki devoured it without the usual ceremony.  He usually made the mother watch, so much did he enjoy exercising power over others.  Slave girls were reviving his two henchmen.  Anyone who was not accustomed to the sight would have been taken aback by the contradiction of the men's appearance, an ancient but strong face with large hook nose and over sized ears, the nose and ears actually kept growing imperceptibly over the centuries, attached to a strong and youthful body.  The pair were not vain enough to be bothered with plastic surgery very often.  Vanity was an alien emotion to Loki.  As far as he was concerned, the uglier he became with age, the better.  Loki opened the discussion.
"Our plans have gone to shit."
"Yes, my lord, that is true.  Many unexpected things happened.  However, as always, I have a backup plan."  Fafnir responded.  He and his brother always spoke aloud when awake if they wanted to share information, because they could not read each other's waking thoughts without the slug.  "Our sleeper agent in the Home Office has accelerated his scheme to replace the traditional government in London with a new dictatorship with ambitions of world dominion.  The Prince is his unknowing tool.  We have no way of knowing the outcome in advance, but at the very least, they will prove useful in providing more meat for the grinder."  He meant slaves.
A slave girl waited to offer him water when he finished speaking.  He took the cup and eyed her with an evil grin.  Fenrir spoke.
"Time for that later."  He said to his brother.
"Yes, sire."  The slave girl answered.  She knew he was not talking about water and brought him his cup as well.
Loki always enjoyed provoking the two, who he knew could not now read her thoughts.  "She would cut your throat and spit down your gullet.  Now tell me.  What of your sphere of influence?"
"An agent of the Consortium has established a base.  The rescue fools,"  By that he meant the operators of the cargo vessel.  "Have delivered the cargo but were not paid.  I have dispatched a message to them for another delivery with double pay.  That will surely entice the greedy fools to heave to in high Solar orbit and await further instructions.  This time we can deliver a force large enough to insure victory."
Loki's anger flared again.  "What idiocy is this?  Now their forces have been multiplied.  The result would be the same.  There is no comparable force on Earth to match them.  We made sure of that.  That part of the plan obviously worked.  If we call for more transport until we have enough to overwhelm them it would attract unwanted attention.  Your contempt for these Rangers reveals your own lack of understanding of your own kind.  They are totally convinced in their own righteousness.  They are the truest of the true believers, because, from their perspective, they actually are right.  We must understand the enemy!  How many times have I told you that?  We will see to this from another direction.  Thor must be informed of the location of his sister.  That will bring him out of his lair.  It could also bring Odin and others to him and they will destroy each other as well as that consortium base station.  Always let others do your work for you whenever possible.  Have you not learned this most simple lesson by now?" 
The two knew not to reason with Loki if he had made up his mind.  Besides, neither of them had an alternate solution ready at hand, and other things were distracting them at the moment.
"You Humans disgust me.  You are always in heat!  Leave me and come back when you have had time to consider my plan."  The two left with a slave girl at each hand.  Loki waived the others off with his usual dismissive swat of his prehensile tail.  He knew that the male slaves would take Fenrir and Fafnir's lead and an orgy would soon ensue.  He did not interfere because he secretly enjoyed spying on the passions of his slaves.  Being totally without passion himself, except when forced by instinct to mate, he had to take his pleasure vicariously through others.  He always let others do the work for him whenever possible, and in every way.  He also knew that terror alone was not an effective method of social control.  At least the men had to have other incentives, which incidentally lead them to help suppress and control the women and children.  A simple nature based system that had worked for millennia.
***
On Earth there were still powerful women who had not yet been suppressed by the long-term designs of the Eugenics Commission, whose policy tended to put women into the role of mere breeders.  In greater London, under republican control and especially after the breaking up of the Fusion had begun, conclaves of such women were the guiding hand and inspirational power, in many cases, in opposition to Eugenics Council policy, just as Frances, as a powerful state Senator, had once helped orchestrate revolution in South Carolina a few years earlier.
Once the ruthless violence of the shadow forces behind the Fusion had abated opponents of the Eugenics regime organized open opposition to fight and defend against Commission hired thugs.  The blockade of the City of London was maintained by an all-volunteer armed force, a popular militia with a very strong female membership.  Although there had always been rumors in the popular press about sleeper agent assassins and deep conditioning, it was a threat that no one had any effective way of combating, especially where the whole purpose of a revolution was to increase individual freedom and strip away unwanted intrusions by authority, even revolutionary authority.  The blockade guards were rotated on temporary duty so that each member could also function productively in civilian life.  The pool of militia members was large, but those on duty at any given time were only a token force.  One weakness of volunteer popular militias is susceptibility to enemy propaganda.  That is what the Prince and his handlers were relying on when they spoke of paralyzing republican forces, that and the trump card, the ability to assassinate leaders and make it seem like crimes of passion.
One of the major controlling factions of the Greater London militia movement was a powerful and dedicated cabal of lesbian activists, who hated the Eugenics Commission above all else.  A cabal, by its nature, is not exposed to public scrutiny, so when the leaders began to be killed off one by one only a privileged few within the local revolutionary power structure had any idea that something was afoot.  Since the murderers were, without exception the victims' own lovers, who were not even aware of their own role in events, even those who had reasoned out the nature of the threat were helpless to slow its progression.  They were even more helpless to resist the wave of anti-Irish propaganda unleashed by the kept news media establishment after the outrageously successful attacks against the establishment in the City of London.  As a result, very few Englishmen, and women, were willing to risk their own lives to oppose the invasion of Ireland by undertaking a counterattack against the Royalist stronghold.  The general feeling was that the IRA had already done their work for them and now Royalty was as no more a threat to republican England than the Papacy was to the various city-states of Italy.  Most people, concerned about their own problems of making a living and taking care of their families tended to believe the cover up of the true identity of the invaders in Ireland and saw the situation as another local conflict in the unending cycle of civil violence on the Emerald Island.
When the Prince of Wales publicly took the lead in claiming credit for the elimination of the Eugenics Council, many saw him as a heroic figure.  It was too late to act when he later replaced the Council with his own supporters, touted the advent of a new, perfected Meritocracy, and was proclaimed Lord Protector of the Fusion. Then militia leaders in Greater London realized there backs were against the wall.  All Ireland was put under the command of a Viceroy, appointed by the Prince.  The Fusion was secured.  All hail the Lord Protector.  Ireland was under a news blackout.  Street fighting between Royalists and revolutionary militia broke out, as if on signal, all over Britain.
The Council on Foreign Relations was deadlocked.  There was no consensus to send in Peace Keepers to save the anti-Fusionist militia from the Royalists, even though corporate leaders all loathed and feared their new Lord Protector.
In the old war room under the State Capitol in Columbia, the Public Safety Committee held a different view of the situation.
"When our forces reach Ireland do not expect to find concentration camps or mass graves or crematorium.  I think everyone here knows what they plan for the natural population.  Incursions by alien craft have already been detected.  So far, we have been unable to deploy any defensive weapons within effective range.  London has mobilized a sizable fleet from subject sea States around the globe.  Their blockade is effectively interdicting all surface vessels and aircraft.  We will go in underwater.  The alien disruptors have been tweaked to defeat sonar and radar long enough to get our teams ashore."  It was Alfred speaking to the Committee and guests from other States who were participating in the operation.  "I know you are concerned about security.  This operation is airtight.  We have turned all the Royalist spies and are feeding them false information.  They won't know what hit them in Ireland, because they will think we have put all our efforts into the air assault attack on London.  That attack will be recalled before they realize it was only a feint.  Since you all wanted to know what was happening and forced us to call this meeting, now we will all be confined here until the trap is sprung.  There will be no security leaks from anyone in this room."
A representative from the new Federal Republic of Texas, by far the largest State in North America spoke.  "You forgot to mention that you are sacrificing a substantial portion of the popular militia of Greater London.  It will be impossible to call off the local attacks on the Royal City in time to let them know it is just a feint.  How will you expect them to ever work with you again?  The survivors, I mean."
Roger took charge of the meeting.  "That's enough.  It is only the troop landings that will be called off and diverted.  The bombardment will happen.  We will report one hundred percent casualties to our friends in the local militias and divert the actual invasion forces to their side of the wall.  If they have any care for their own lives and liberty they will press forward with their attacks.  We know how weak Royal ground defenses are.  We simply cannot penetrate the air defense.  It's not going to happen the way we tell the world, but it is going to happen.  First priority will be given to disabling all defensive alien technology.  When that happens the amphibious forces from continental Europe will land from the estuary.  The Lord Protector of the Fusion has picked a fight with the wrong crowd.  I also waited to inform you of our European allies until now for security reasons.  We are starting a worldwide push to end local dictatorship.  Revolutionary forces all over the world will see what we do in London and if we win it will mean the final end of the Fusion and the Eugenics Commission, and the beginning of the end for local tyranny everywhere on Earth."
The representative from Texas was not finished.  "Your holding us here like this is a personal attack on each of us.  You are telling us we can't be trusted..."
"No."  Alfred interjected.  "He is only telling you that your secretaries and lovers and your contacts back home and your stock brokers can't be trusted and who ever else you brought here with you.  So, cool your jets.  The same restrictions apply to our people in this facility.  We are fighting a war.  This is not a debating society.  There will be no grand standing for the constituents until this is finished."
The last implication, that he was a politician, really got under the Texan's skin.  They could all see the veins popping up in his forehead, but he had nothing else to say.  In particular the Commander of the Sons and Daughters of Liberty from the New England coalition found the exchange rather comical.  She had never liked the Texan.
No one mentioned the obvious, that it was not the end of the Council on Foreign Relations.  The obvious reason was the same old reason.  They had all the nukes.   The orbital platforms had been disarmed.  The bombs emplaced at former Fusion Centers around the world had been destroyed.  However, the CFR's full inventory had never been audited.  The age of nuclear blackmail was over, but there was still the nuclear insurance policy.
***
Except for the secrete base on Mars, the other Hegemonic bases in the Solar System had been disabled and booby-trapped by Consortium agents shortly after the mass death of the Widgets.  Loci's personal base had never been run by implant victims.  That was Fenrir and Fafnirs' usual practice, due to the inherent limits of their personal powers.  With the initial success of their plan in Ireland they were again able to augment their supply of slaves, this time to an even greater extent than the mass kidnappings in Madagascar.  The problem was that it would take time to build new facilities.  Many of the slaves were, therefore, kept in "cold storage".  They were injected with the sedative extracted from the slugs and placed in a facility, a body warehouse, at reduced temperature to slowdown metabolism and physical deterioration.  Slave girls tended the comatose bodies.  The storage facility was located in the same cavern as Loki's base station.  The facility soon reached capacity, but new captives kept arriving.
Lacking the capacity to train a Human army, he hit upon a plan.  He would dump them on the Planet of Exiles.  He would overwhelm their capacity to absorb newcomers.  The resulting civil unrest would provide him with a chance to make inroads.  First, he would use his powers to recruit allies among the captives.  His best power was the power of deception.  He would find victims he could trick into helping him.  His plan required that he cull those in storage and transfer the less desirable captives to the transports.  To whatever extent possible, because the slavers always selected good stock, the Planet of Exiles would receive the useless and the lame who had been earmarked as potential Widgets.  His culling process was done with an eye to discover those who, because of personality, or some slight physical weakness, would be a burden to others on a place like the Planet of Exiles.  They would now be put to a better use.
The steady supply of new captives soon ended with the defeat of the Royalists.  To reduce the number of trips to one, thus reducing the chances of detection, Loki had an augmented transport built from the ship that had been lured into high Solar orbit.  The ship's rightful crew was disposed of and replaced by his own temporary crew.  They expanded the transport section to the greatest size possible and still have the capacity to reach its destination, which was programmed into the ship's autopilot.  They risked one trip to Mars, loaded quickly and departed quickly.  Loki was satisfied that they were not detected.  The skeleton crew were a select group of particularly naive slave girls.  The captives had all been packed in cold storage and the slaves were needed to see that the cargo arrived alive.
***
Erik Johnson was a Natural Rights activist from the Midwest region of the former United States, still commonly called simply, the States, in Ireland.  He was visiting on a mission of friendship from his home cadre.  When the Royalists invaded and overran the island he was caught in the general roundup of undocumented persons and other free naturals.  That is how he found himself among the rows of tiers of comatose bodies in Loki's slave ship.  Why he was among the ones considered less desirable as future slaves had more to do with his age, over thirty, and general lack of physical conditioning, than anything in particular that was otherwise wrong with him.  He was, to say the least, not athletic.  Some people react to the drug he was administered differently.  No one had bothered to check his brain waive function.  If they had they would have noticed that he was in a borderline state between consciousness and unconsciousness.  He experienced all the commands and visions of Loki without being able to react.  The visions were the worst part of it because they were so threatening and nightmarish.
After a while he kept his sanity by cultivating a philosophical attitude concerning his predicament, but the dreams Loki's slaves were made to endure were beginning to wear on him.  He was particularly grateful for the gentle care given by the slave girls.  Being stuck in one position for too long was much more terrible than having an itch one could never scratch.  Whenever his body was turned and his limbs moved to prevent permanent stiffness it was a great relief.  He wanted to thank them but never could move a single muscle.  He only knew how cold he really was when he felt the warm touch of their hands.  He was beginning to imagine he was one of the living dead he had read about in some horror story.  It was a thought he could not escape.
They woke him just before he had completely and finally lost his mind.  He was a stammering idiot for a while but eventually got over it.  The first day he realized where he was and what had become of him and the rest he asked one of his caretakers, a very timid girl, to take help him walk outside and show him to someone who might be in charge of things.  The girl helped him the several hundred meters to the ramp of the Consortium base station.
He sat down on the ground by the ramp and waited.  He was beginning to get very thirsty when he was approached by a mysterious hooded, cloaked figure.  Again he there was a voice in his head and he feared he might finally be completely insane.
"I see you are troubled and I know the cause.  Don't be fearful.  Come inside with me and you will have water and food.  Then you will tell me everything you know about what happened, so I can help you understand."
It was becoming increasingly clear to Mac that Loki did not have a clue about the nature of his plan here on the Planet of the Exiles.  Otherwise, he would not have dropped off so many potential new recruits.  His conversations with Erik Johnson completely verified his suspicions.  Loki actually thought he was harming the Rangers by sending them more people than they could handle.  In any case the Rangers did not really care about handling people in the first place.  They would have simply ignored the multitude and gone about their business of surviving, only helping those they could in any case.  That might have been the case if he were not there, but Loki simply did not understand the way Mac operated.  It was beyond his predatory worldview.  Loki simply could not grasp the bigger picture.  He out smarted himself.  But there were flashes of insights in Erik's mind that indicated a more devious plan.  Just as Mac had suspected, Frigg was being used as bait, and Loki intended to manipulate the feelings of the refugees.
The refugee dumps were incidental to the bigger plan.  They were insignificant to Loki's big picture.  Loki was primarily motivated by revenge.  The power lust was there as well, but the desire for revenge was sweeter in Loki's visions.  Mac would have to find a way to use that desire in his favor.  Mac thanked Erik Johnson for his cooperation and sent him to explain his peculiar insights to Tom.  Mac knew Tom would be interested in the news from home as well.  Erik was very grateful that he could actually function as a rational human being and happy to help in anyway he could.  His waking dream was a thing of the past.
***
Ever since the battle the creature the rangers had dubbed Frigg the Valkyrie felt the side effects of the experience.  She often pondered what she had done, and Mac knew of her thoughts.  She did not care what the other alien knew.  He already knew too much about her in any case, but she could not help dwelling on the battle...
After the soldiers had first arrived she had spied on them constantly.  She knew they were a threat even if she did not understand why.  Human politics was well beyond her range of interests.  When they began attacking the village and her friends her first reaction was to see to the safety of her daughters by hiding them far away from the, to her, insane violence.  When she returned she knew what she must do, but she waited, unwilling to commit herself to the idea until the arrival of the small craft triggered the final attack of the soldiers.  She knew it was the final attack because she could sense how desperate they were.  That made her desperate in reaction.
She sought out the special place she had prepared by the stream.  Days before, when she had first known what she must do she killed a young goat and skinned it.  She made the skin into a water carrying bag.  She deposited the goat in the stream to attract slugs.  When the attack began she had returned to the spot and plucked one full sized adult and one tiny slug from the rotting flesh in the stream.  First she ate the adult to prepare herself.  Then she placed the small slug on her forehead above the bridge of her nose right between her eyes.  The slimy green creature attached itself, barely visible in the fur.  Now she was ready to attack.  None of the newcomers could protect their thoughts and intentions.  They would be easy prey.  She slung the water bag over her shoulder and grasped the only weapon she really liked, a special knife Jack had given her.  He had called it a Buck Knife and told her it had special properties.  It never rusted and it stayed sharp.  He read to her from the sacred scroll each Buck Knife came packaged with, on the honorable uses of the knife.  She did not understand the arcane scroll but she understood the intention.  Now she would put the knife to work...
The feeling of power that the slug gave her was the closest thing she would ever experience to drug addiction.  It had taken all the force of her not inconsiderable will power to rip the slug from her head, but only after she was certain that all the invaders were dead.  The terrifying insanity of their actions had truly frightened her.  She had no experience nor any stories nor any other intelligible explanation for the Human custom of war.  To her it was insane, pure and simple.  She could feel the insanity in the minds of the attackers, as well as the defenders.  She knew the Rangers, her friends, did not seek war, but they knew of war, and they faced it with un-natural calm.  The attackers she could not understand.  They were in terror for their lives, yet they caused the danger to themselves, by their own actions.  It was inexplicable to her, and too terrifyingly alien.  Keeping the slug would have made her feel safer to be around these insane Humans, but she knew the Agent, who was now called Mac, would never have permitted her to keep it.  She knew his decision was wise.  Humans were prone to far too many evil thoughts.  Knowing even a small portion of those thoughts would not have been safe for her since her species tended to react to verbalized threats as if they were actual attacks.
Very few of her friends had noticed the slimy green thing in the fur on her forehead.  She supposed that fewer still understood its significance.  Only Elli requested an explanation a few days after the battle.  After that, he understood why she must refuse to continue helping him with his nocturnal experiments.  Others discouraged him as well, after the arrival of all the unprotected newcomers.
***
Mac had come to enjoy the occasional get togethers by the fire pit, in spite of the fact that he did not usually drink alcohol.  He had only rarely experienced camaraderie in his long existence since his earliest days.  He was willing to help Elli get his moonshine still back into production, he thought it would be alright just this once to synthesize a couple of water bags full of alcohol.  He suggested to Elli that the old group should do well to give a party in honor of Erik, due to his harrowing experience before arriving on their world. Erik was not very useful in the rugged outdoor setting, so Mac had given him simple tasks to perform in the base station.  Mac knew Erik would benefit from the companionship of a gathering.  Erik was essentially alone in this world.  The barbeque and relaxation at the fire pit was one way to change that.
Bridget loved fresh fruit and had introduced the practice of adding juice to the whisky.  Everyone seemed to like it except Frigg, which obviously pleased Bridget.  Erik was familiar with the story of how Frigg had single handedly broken the assault of the soldiers, so he had a question.
"Bridget, my dear friend,"  Erik was one of those people who was made excessively friendly by the consumption of alcohol.  "Our furry friend saved the day when the town was under attack.  Why do you still hate her?"
All conversation was silenced by the question.  Frigg lounged in her usual spot by the fire, sprawled out in front of Jack and Svetlanna.  Jack stopped thoughtlessly petting her head and placed his hand on her shoulder.  She gazed with her cat eyes at Bridget, the pupils fully dilated, waiting for an answer.  Just like Mitts or Boots the two pet cats, her prehensile tail twitched at the end expectantly.  Bridget could not help herself.  She burst into a fit a giggles.  Got control, except for a hiccup, and answered.  Her voice was slurred a little.  She had obviously reached her limit.
"Don't you see?  Look at her teeth.  She is a monster."  She said in that very matter of fact way of a drunken person making a deep and significant pronouncement.
Jack added, before she could think of anything else.  "A very sweet monster."
Frigg rolled over on her back in the manner of a kitty inviting someone to tickle her tummy, stretched, and curled up with her back to Bridget, pretending to nap.  She was still sober enough to make her tail stop twitching.  Now she was very glad she had removed the slug that day.  Remembering that Mac was always watching her, she sent him a mental image of herself hissing at him, the cat equivalent of sticking her tongue out at him.  She was learning how to enjoy this Human custom of drinking a poisonous by product of incomplete anaerobic respiration.
Tom changed the subject to a less controversial more practical topic.  "Mac, I assume you are still lurking in the shadows?"
"Yes."  Mac answered from behind Bridget, his usual place.
"It's great that your food synthesizer can use peat as a raw material, but at the present rates of consumption we soon will not have any to left."
"Then no more fire for the fire pit."  Jack added.
Tom ignored him and continued his thought.   "Someone needs to find a new source of biomass soon because arable land is very scarce here."
"Who owns the peat bog?"  Mac responded with a question.
"What does that have to do with anything?"  Erik asked.
"I see where you are going with this."  Elli put in.  "The peat bog is treated as common property.  When it is gone the only incentive to replace it will be shear desperation.  People own and control their gardens and their livestock, but we have failed to develop a complete system for establishing land claims.  The prospectors claim their mineral rights by simply occupying the mining site.  The population is too small, so far, for any problems with claim jumpers, but the peat bog is being exploited without limit by anyone who cares to dig and cut slabs of peat.  So far, Mac's system of exchanging food for peat, and other stuff, has worked fine.  He has a surplus of biomass in the bilge.  When Jack and I explored downstream to the sea there were other peat bogs.  My only question is, how do we give people an incentive to go that far to collect the stuff?  The obvious answer, since it would be the height of stupidity to form some committee and assign people the task in rotation, which would amount to forced labor, the population has grown enough to require money.  We need to re-invent money."
"I have an idea."  Jack put in.  "Why don't we make peat money?  That is one thing we all need."
Jackie, the most practical person of the bunch, had her own answer to that.  "So, you want to burn money?  That is the stupidest idea since they wiped out the world with paper money a century ago.  Money has to be something that people are willing to save, a store of value, or all their work is for nothing, and everyone ends up destitute.  We already know what money is, dumb ass."  Jackie could always get away with calling Jack a dumb ass because of the way she said it.  "It is not practical to expect people to pile up stacks of peat.  That would be the most cumbersome medium of exchange imaginable.  You'd need a cart to bring it to the market."
"I have money."  Mac said.  Everyone waited for him to finish, but that was all he said.
"Well?  What is it?"  Jack asked.  "Radio active fuel pellets?  No, thank you."
"The fuel pellets are what you might call, big money.  I have small change as well."  Mac answered.
"So now you want to be our banker?"  Tom asked.  For the first time Mac stepped forward and joined the circle at the fire pit, where all could see him.  He knew it was rude to hang back now, even ruder than lurking, as they termed his usual behavior.  He picked up a cup from the table and looked to Elli as if to ask for some whisky.  Elli responded enthusiastically, bringing the jug to him and made a big show of pouring Mac his first official drink.  Mac watered it down himself with Bridget's mixer.  He then squatted beside Bridget by the fire.  The flames illuminated his exceeding large eyes within the cowl.
"I have an additional proposal, because, you see, I am familiar with how Human society works.  The new Rangers Jack is training.  I want to pay them.  I want a team of combat troops for my ship.  I also propose to train a new crew.  My intention is to transfer the drive section of the slaver transport to my base station.  I do not want to wait on this planet for some used space ship dealer to show up, at some unknown time in the future and then foist another crew on me that will turn out to be no more adventurous than the last."  Mac concluded and drank deeply from his cup.
Jack jumped up from his seat with a whoop and hoisted his cup, shouting,  "I'm in!"
"I am as well."  It was Bridget who spoke next.  "But I want to know something."  She pointed at Frigg, who had sat up to listen to the conversation.  "What do we do with her?"  Since she asked no one in particular, no one had an answer.  After a moment, Mac answered her.
"I offered to take her home before, and the offer still stands."
Frigg stretched and reclined again as all eyes turned to her waiting for an answer.  When she spoke it was more understandable than when she first joined the Human community.  "I like it here."
"Why?"  Jack was puzzled.
She did not answer, but Mac, surprisingly, spoke for her.
"She is motivated by a desire for revenge against the one who brought her here.  She knows he will come back for her sooner or later and she intends to kill him.  She also intends to rely on you Humans to back her up because she knows you all hate him almost as much as she does.  I say almost as much because I believe that most Humans are not usually capable of such pure hatred, with the possible exception of our friend Bridget here."
"I have a question for you, Mac."  It was Tom.  "You say that Loki knows you are here, yet he gave you the slave transport.  The only reason I can think of is that he wants you to leave.  He does not want you stranded here protecting us from whatever he sends here next.  He is not stupid.  If you leave, then he has the slave-breeding colony he wanted all along.  I am afraid I cannot go with Jack and be a part of your crew of space buccaneers.  I agree with Frigg.  I want Loki's hide."
"There is one thing I am certain of."  Bridget added.  "Loki will come back, and I want him dead as well.  I like Tom."  No one had ever known one the space women to speak of love.  It was a word they only reserved for the children, but they all knew that love was what she really intended by the word.  "As long as Tom stays here I will stay."
"Good," Mac added.  "Well, no one is leaving for a while in any case because the drive section of the slave transport is not quite interchangeable with the one I lost.  It will require some serious retrofitting.  The idea of simply transferring equipment and systems from my base station to the slaver base station is not practicable.  In order to accomplish the drive section transfer we will need to build a fabricating plant.  That will take some time, because first I will need to build some special machine tools.  To do that I will need to build the machine to build the machine tools.  Now it is clear why I need more metals.  If we are now to begin using money, I fear that accomplishing these tasks could come close to breaking my bank."
Elli was motivated to make one his speeches.  Everyone could tell because he stood to speak.  "When we first arrived on this hellacious pre-Cambrian dust bowl, I confess that I was fascinated by the chance to study the beginnings of life on a planet similar to Earth in a long gone prehistoric epoch.  Many of us, Rangers, new comers, refugees from some past alien abductions, and of course our lovely and most gracious space women, have different motives for wanting to leave this place.  Some want to go home.  Some never had a real home, and do not feel that they have found one here.  Some of us, the young ones, were born here and might wish to visit strange places.  Now a whole new horizon has been opened up to us."  They were beginning to wonder if his speech had a point to make, as he was almost as toasted as Jack.  "Some of us have even learned to love this place.  We have put a lot of work and blood into it.  I say anyone who wants to leave and can, should go.  To the space buccaneers!"
Everyone joined in the toast, but he was not finished.  Before sitting he had questions for Mac.  "There are things I do not understand, oh great space being.  I have come to realize that you are the representative of an ancient and very long-lived race of space travelers, but I suspect that your people did not originate this technology you use.  The scale of the construction is one clue.  The ship was built for much bigger people.  Tell us how you and your people came in possession of these wonders?  And be sure not to leave out the brain slugs.  I really want to know about those things."
Mac answered.  "I suspect that you are now aware that life is endemic in the universe.  Yes, we obtained the means of interstellar space travel from those who came before us.  Let's call them the precursors.  That is a long story.  I believe the relevant part of you question concerns the slugs.  The precursors were more than one race of beings.  There were many.  They went extinct.  It was a kind of voluntary extinction.  It was the slugs.  The slugs were discovered, or maybe rediscovered, no one really knows the answer to that question, but the slugs were discovered in the time of my own people's history.
"Telepathy is an extremely dangerous instrumentality, as you have all learned.  Because of the similarities of all life forms, that are carbon based life forms, which are endemic throughout the galaxy, the slug almost always extracts a price for the power it gives, the coma.  The power is addictive, more so than any drug you could ever imagine, the power to read the minds of others and, at least to some extent, to control them.  It is the ultimate invasion of privacy.  It breaks down the natural wall of separation that allows us all, all sentient beings, to exist as autonomous individuals.  It was the coma that wiped out all the precursors.  They preferred the dream world to real life and faded into history.  My people adapted when we saw what was happening.  Her people," he pointed to Frigg.  "did not need to adapt.  They have a unique natural immunity."

The CFR Collusion  Chapter Six


After the party broke up, Frigg, instead of returning home with Jack and Svetlanna, went to retrieve her daughters.  They were not where she had left them and she found signs that two Humans in the same boots worn by the invading soldiers had passed nearby in the same direction they had gone.  The three youngsters were following the two soldiers.  They had left at least three days earlier, according to the spoor she had found.  She made a decision that was uncharacteristic for her.  She decided to go back and ask for help.  It was either that or the slug.
Both Jack and Elli went with her upstream.  They traveled quickly because the five they followed left many clear signs of their passage.  They all supposed that was intentional on the part of the girls.  The morning after the second night they had entered a region where the valley of the main stream widened somewhat and was well shaded most of the day by the surrounding hills, which were much taller than in the vicinity of the lake.  The boggy peat flats in that region were dotted with mushrooms that closely resembled the puffball mushrooms from Earth, only much larger.  Many were bigger than a large pumpkin.  Elli had long ago concluded that they lived in the area of the planet's equator.  There were no perceptible changes of season, not even a rainy season.  Thus, the mushrooms were in various stages of development.
Elli tasted one, just a little nibble.  Jack objected.
"Have you gone crazy?  Some poisonous mushrooms are extremely deadly."
"I have a theory."  He answered.  "The land animal life on this world is so sparse and primitive it is possible that the fungus has not evolved any defenses such as poison.  It tastes almost the same as similar mushrooms at home.  But I tend to agree.  On Earth even the edible ones are slightly toxic and should only be eaten after they having been cooked."
Frigg lashed her tail impatiently, so they continued upstream.  Eventually they came to an area where large rock formations overhung parts of the valley.  In the shadiest spots the mushrooms were bigger than one of the Ranger's four person tents.  Frigg was the first to notice one that was totally out of place.  It had been completely plastered over, had a small door cut in it, and there was smoke coming from the small natural blowhole in the top of the puffball. 
"Hello in there."  Jack called.
A grizzled, gray, shaggy head appeared in the entrance.  He answered.  "Oh, I'm getting hard of hearing.  When did you get here?"  He eyed Frigg. He seemed unsurprised, as if not even the sight of a fierce looking cat woman with four breasts could surprise him at this point.  "After the little ones?"
They questioned him and determined several things.  The others had passed two days ago.  The cat girls seemed to be voluntarily traveling with the two soldiers.  Also, the mushroom was edible and shared other characteristics with Earth puffballs.  Elli was curious as to how the man had survived the cannibals.  His answer was sarcastic.
"How do you know I'm not one?"
"You seem to have found other things to eat."  Elli answered.
"Ha!  You're as sharp one."  He did not have much else to say.
Frigg was even more impatient to continue with the news that her daughters seemed to have joined up with the two Humans.  Jack wanted to reassure her.
"I suspect the two men are deserters.  Frigg, that means that they chose not to fight us and found a way to escape their commanders without being shot in the back.  I know you think our Human custom of war is crazy, so I'll try to explain to you how it works."  He glanced at his friend Elli.  "I'm sure Elli can fill you in on its historical origins in much greater detail.  I'll just stick with the basics.
"Earth has always had a large population, for thousands of years.  Some men long ago got the bright idea that they should not have to work for a living like everyone else and organized into armies in order to just take what they wanted.  They even created an institution called the state to make the taking systematic and perpetual.  The leaders, the commanders, created a class of warrior slaves called soldiers, who were trained to follow orders and fight and die.  Other people who were attacked by the organized gangs called armies realized that the only way to successfully defend against them was to organize in a similar way.
"That is why our people organized the Rangers, who work as forest rangers in their normal lives, into a militia, a sort of informal volunteer army.  We had a unique advantage back on earth.  We liked to hunt so we were already armed.  Our leaders, the ones who paid us to take care of the forest, need us to protect the land from other people, so we had an excuse to organize that other armed groups respected.  The ones in charge of people like those soldiers became too grasping and threatened our children and our way of life so we fought back.  To punish us, they sold us out and sent us here.  The ones who attacked had no personal part in what happened to us.  They were just soldiers, men who chose to make a living off the production of others by following other peoples commands.  Some of them might have believed in their state and thought they were doing a good thing.  Some of them might have thought they would find adventure.  Then their leaders sold them out as well, because someone, Loki or his tools on Earth, wanted us destroyed.  The two we are following, mind you, this is just my assumption, did not agree with the idea of being dumped in a strange place just to fight and die without even being told why, and took their leave of us.  Did I sum it up well enough, Elli?"
"Could not have said it better."  Elli answered.
Frigg had a comment.  She was still having difficulty making herself understood and rarely spoke, so the two men listened carefully.  "I saw great fear in the attackers.  After I had the power I saw many of them hated and feared the commanders and merely feared you, my friends, with no hatred.  Now I can understand why.  Thank you Jack.  My fear for my children is lessened."
The watershed they followed was becoming steeper and the surrounding terrain even more rugged.  The stream was now in a deep channel carved out of the rock, and they were forced to climb up to the embankment.  They could all see the smoke from the campfire in a place shaded by overhanging rocks.  It was late afternoon and they needed to make a decision whether to continue or wait until later.  Frigg made the decision for them.  She uttered a cry that was like a howl or a scream.  Her daughters answered and came running from the direction of the smoke.  The two Rangers watched the camp through binoculars.
"They've spotted us.  I don't see any weapons.  One is waiving for us to come to them."
***
The former Prince of Wales, now Lord Proctor of the Fusion, as he still styled himself, was no fool, nor megalomaniac, nor evil criminal mastermind, as he was being portrayed in the popular corporate press, especially the reporters of Combined Entertainment Media, who seemed to have a particular vendetta against him.  He suspected it was because they were currently occupying one of his islands, Bermuda.  He never attributed higher motives to businessmen rather profit and loss and could not conceive that corporate leaders had ideological motives as well.  It was how he justified thinking of them as his inferiors.  After the surrender of the House of Lords to the combined onslaught of the Natural Rights forces and his exile from the City of London they had relinquished all claims to foreign possessions.  That left him in charge of the interstate naval fleet and other forces of what was left of the former British Empire, now a loose association of small island states.  Some in the media termed them a pirate kingdom.  One of his more obnoxious toadies had suggested that, in addition to his other titles, he should proclaim himself Admiral of the Ocean Seas, as if he were Christopher Columbus.  He dismissed the fool.  He had already had enough experience of the accumulation of meaningless titles in advance of actual power to have had his fill of that.  He intended to focus all of his attention on consolidating the remnants and rebuilding the Fusion.
One of his advisors was particularly astute when it came to dealing with the mass media.  Robert had made the decision to only use his primary title and dispense with all the moribund affectations of power, and only use the title Lord Protector of the Fusion in official communications with forces under his actual command.  From now on the public would know him by his common name, Robert Bruce Hanover.  He liked the fact that it combined Scottish nobility with his ancestor's rightful claim to the Throne of Britain.  His press agents said it was a fitting statement of his heritage without sounding too pretentious.
The game of power, even in exile, was exhilarating.  His senile father had never understood and had squandered everything on the word of advisors who were only concerned with their personal corporate interests.  The final blow had been selling out his best troops on some wild hair brained scheme that had resulted in a total loss.  He felt perfectly justified in having his own father assassinated.  He now realized that The Home Office had greatly underestimated the power of the Natural Rights Movement and as a result his plans to finally consolidate Britain and Ireland and seize the legacy of the Fusion from the greedy corporate hands of the CFR was premature.  This was how he justified himself.  The corporatists were a gang of greedy grasping commoners.  His expansive power lust was not greed.  It was a noble quest to create a more perfect society.
To consolidate his position he had reorganized the Eugenics Commission.  Now he must find the surviving members a safe home, as well as his invaluable friends in the Home Office.  To consolidate the surviving forces of The Fusion he must also make peace with survivors of the former Agency.  He decided the best way to begin that process was with flattery.  The House of Lords had declared the Home Office obsolete and abolished it as one of the conditions of their surrender.  No one had ever bothered to abolish the Agency.  He would make it his own and since it was now leaderless, he would put his men from the former Home Office in charge.
His exiled fleet came to rest at Ascension Island in the Atlantic.  That was where he disembarked the Eugenics Commission.  There was already a fortress on Saint Helena Island.  That is where he made his headquarters.  As for the precious natural rights of the locals, those inbred squatters should be satisfied to keep their lives.  Sterilization was not an inhumane policy by his standards.  He was not made aware of the other policy his handlers often used, selling people to interplanetary slavers.  They knew he would not have approved, since the subject of finance was distasteful to him he never inquired too closely where the money came form, and the balance sheets presented for his inspection and approval were vague as to the assets being sold.  He was building the future, not a business.  All his attention was focused on the details of organizing a credible force, not accounting.
His slaver associates had another advantage.  The corporate press persistently discredited all claims concerning extraterrestrials as absurd fantasy.  Very few believed the wild claims in the tabloids and on the internet, just as with similar scares over a century earlier, and the corporatists were afraid of discrediting themselves because they had no clear cut hard evidence that was beyond dispute, such as a living space alien or a flying saucer.  Even Combined Entertainment Media, who had more inside information than any of the others were holding back for similar reasons.  Their cozy relationship with Encrypticorp, which had long been in possession of a variety of alien technology, should have given them plenty of hard evidence but too much of that evidence would have shown Encrypticorp in a bad light.  Robert was well aware of that much and simply wrote off their collective silence to typical corporate greed.
His first priority, along with the rebuilding of an effective world wide spy network, which he always thought of euphemistically as an intelligence network, was to create a new and effective army based on sound principles of loyalty to a cause and esprit de corps.  His advisors presented him with several models from the heyday of international war in the first half of the Twentieth Century, The Red Guard, The Black Shirts, the Brown Shirts or Sturm Abteilen, and the Schutzstaffel or simply, SS.  All these examples were too democratic and republican for his taste, which an objective observer who understands the true nature of the political forces they all represented might have found hilarious in a sick way.
The advisors reasoned with him that a traditional military organization was quite out of the question, given the scattered nature of his territory.  All the twentieth century examples were based on the only principles he could now rely upon, fanatical devotion to a cause and loyalty to a leader.  His new model army would out of necessity have to consist of the militant wing of a political movement, much like the above examples.  After the militant movement was built up then they could recruit more traditional soldiers from its base.  Until then his army would have to consist of soldiers of fortune, that was the euphemism they chose in place of the despised term mercenary, led by a hard corps of dedicated loyalists, professional soldiers.
He preferred the flash of the SS and the ideals of the NAZI's were more similar to his own, down to the incorporation of what was subsequently recognized by the Green Party as the ideological basis of environmentalism into their creed.  It was a shame, he thought, about their false racial theories and the insane leader they had seized upon, but that was a more desperate time.  Subtract racism and brutality, and he was quite happy with the NAZI model of operation.  One thing that the progressive eugenics/environmentalist movement had taught was the primacy of the Human race over any particular race of Humans.  That allowed true believers like the Prince to feel superior to those demonized NAZI's of the past.  He truly believed he was interested only in the improvement of all mankind, that his cause was just, and he would make the world see things his way, one way or the other, the ideal leader of a cause, so his advisors informed him.  He would represent the culmination of Human political evolution.  He was now like Flavius Vespasian of Ancient Rome, the savior of the world.  He would preserve Mother Earth and improve the Human Race, at all costs.
***
The Public Safety Committee again held an emergency meeting in Columbia, this time in the old Senate Chambers.  They had taken to calling the place by its traditional name again in spite of the absence of a corporate charter for the old city.  It was a place to them, not a corporation.  This was no longer simply the South Carolina committee, but a general committee of the global Natural Rights Movement, and a secrete committee.  George had been forced to admit that a general committee was necessary in order to preserve the gains of the liberation of Ireland and the City of London Free State.  The CFR refused to just go away and now the hated Eugenics Commission had resurfaced in the company of that grand pretender, the Lord Protector of the Fusion.  The success of the revolution in overthrowing the Fusion as an effective political force had created a political vacuum.  They had no choice but to recognize this fact of history.  Nature abhors a vacuum.  After living for so long with so much social control the world was simply not ready to accept freedom without a fight.  The more things change the more things remain the same.  They all knew full well that freedom had never existed in the past without a fight.
"The member from South England is recognized."  George spoke with a tone of resignation in his voice.  Now we're in for it, he thought, this guy will never shut up.  He adjusted his headphones.  They had returned to the custom of using a translating computer, as was once done at the UN, because the French, the Germans, the Spanish the Russians, the Arabs, the Brazilians and the Chinese refused to speak English, which they all spoke with a pretentious Oxford accent and with better grammar than he could muster, because they said requiring them to speak English was an affront to their heritage.  The Eugenics Commission had long ago decided, back when the world was still starving and ravaged by plague, and therefore, helpless to object, that the only way to guarantee consistent results from IQ tests was to use only one language, English.
"First, we must all admit the impossibility of maintaining secrecy in such a large and diverse group.  I see no one objects, so I will proceed by sharing our latest information on the activities of the Pretender."  No one in the room would call him Lord or Prince.  They all agreed on Pretender.  One of the few things they all seemed to agree on, thought George.  "You are all aware of his new public relations campaign.  The strategy is to build a popular base of support among the supporters of Eugenics and Ecology.  We have evidence they are organizing as cells." his assistant handed out a briefing paper detailing evidence of that activity.  "You will see the synopsis of their manifesto.  It is the same old story but with a twist.  We now have a world savior on our hands.  According to our contacts at the CFR the world's inventory of nuclear weapons is secured in their possession.  That seems to be the only threat they are able to take seriously these days."
The Irish member interrupted.  She seemed to take pleasure in laying on her native accent as thick as she could and still be understood.  It reminded George of the member from Manhattan Free State with his heavy Bronx accent, or that irritating guy form Darwin Free State, Australia.  He always said "Austrlier".  George wondered if he was some kind of closet nationalist, but his mind had wandered.  He forced himself to listen to the Irish member.  Her voice grated on his ears like scratching on a slate chalkboard.  "Thank God for small favors."  Her laugh irritated him the most.  The Englishman continued, pointedly ignoring her.
"The factional divisions in the CFR guarantee that nothing will be done to oppose the depredations of the Pretender's pirate fleet and since terrorist activity is strongly forbidden by party leadership the cell structure is growing at a geometric rate.  According to projections its growth rate is quite formidable.  You can see in the included organizing guide for activists that the ultimate goal is to create an army of vast proportions.  Instead of calling themselves a militia, they are organizing as gun clubs and hiking clubs.  In the political environment of free states our revolution has fostered there is no effective way to shut them down.  The implication is that worldwide civil war is coming.  They plan to recruit from the clubs and create a standing army large enough to defeat the Peace Keepers, who they despise as gangsters and mercenaries.  They do not address the Natural Rights Movement and our militias as a specific threat to them in their propaganda.  They have taken the strategy of attacking the principles of individual freedom instead and extolling the virtues of total subordination to a cause.  As far as their propaganda is concerned we do not exist.  Do not take this as a sign of weakness.  They viciously attack everything we stand for, which we know means only one thing.  They intend to destroy us utterly as if we never existed.
"As you know they are touting their cause as the new Meritocracy.  We represent what they term obsolete thinking and selfishness, which they pledge to eliminate.  So far our favorite intellectuals and supporters in the corporate media are not taking this propaganda attack meekly, but the enemy organization is growing at a very threatening pace, because its message falls on fertile ground.  Recall the devastation wreaked by the Royalists during the late conflict on my home island.  They intend to recreate that on a global basis.  There is already mounting evidence that the mass kidnappings begun on Ireland and also conducted in parts of Royalist occupied Britain before we defeated them, are now being perpetrated wherever their allies and associates are in occupation.  Entire local communities on some small islands and other isolated locations inland have ceased to exist.  These horror stories were recently collected from local news sources and contacts."  He pointed out a specific stack of paper.  "It is happening now."
"Also, please take note of the appendix of specific states they intend to target for subversion and take over from within.  Those of you from those places are given a glimmer of what to expect in the near future.  Each specific case file contains a list of local politicians and corporate leaders they consider ideologically sympathetic to their cause.
"The information I have handed out here is supplied by our agents who have gone over the abandoned records of the Home Office as provided by the terms of surrender.  It includes detailed information on all their known pirate bases.  Also, of local concern to our gracious hosts, there is a detailed plan for the recapture of Bermuda.  We have already forwarded that information to Hamilton, but they have no military defenses and do not stand a chance of effectively fighting an amphibious assault from troop carrying submarines.  It could happen at any time."
George noticed for the first time the reaction of Alfred, his security advisor and intelligence expert.  He had been promoted since they had successfully rescued his family, who were always in danger of retaliation from his former associates in the Agency.  Alf was not taking this speech well.  He sat at his desk with his face buried in his hands.  He knew better than anyone else at the meeting what was coming.
Alf removed his hands from is eyes.  There was a hush in the room as everyone could now see his face.  It revealed a great conflict resulting from a struggle between anger and exhaustion.  He sat behind the podium on the stage beside George and the other members of the executive subcommittee.  "We have to kill the Royal son of a bitch."
Everyone knew he meant the Pretender.  He was not much for euphemisms lately.  The Englishman cleared his throat.  "Indeed, that's one plan we can all agree on.  Cut off the head of the serpent.  We all know that they target each of us with assassins.  Good, if that is the way they want to play it.  Let us keep war on as small a scale as possible for as long as possible and preempt full scale war altogether if we win."
Next followed a debate on the pros and cons of war by mutual assassination of the leaders.  As if there was ever a choice on the matter, thought George.  They all had friends and associates who had been bumped off by Agency thugs and corporate hit men over the course of the last few years.  The problem with going after such a big fish was that it was likely a suicide mission, unless they had some luck.  George came up with an idea.  "I have a suggestion.  We know that everyone associated with the Pretender is taking part in the same criminal enterprise.  We need to just find out where he is and blast them all."  Then a debate started about the morality and efficacy of weapons of mass destruction, as all large bombs were correctly termed, as well as the likelihood of the resulting escalation of violence.  George realized it was going to be a long meeting.  He wondered if this was what people intended by the term "cold war", talking ones self to death.
***
The two soldiers Frigg, Jack, and Elli were following turned out to be officers.  They were carrying a wounded field surgeon.  The cat girls joined them because of their sympathy for her.  They could not conceive of females as enemies because all the Human women they had known were nice to them, which fit well with their basic instincts.  The officers had no firearms.  This time the surrender was well received.  Now they all had to trek back to the lake carrying the wounded woman in a litter made from Jack and Elli's hiking staffs.  Interrogation was informal and consisted of conversation as they hiked.
The two were platoon commanders who had led an unsuccessful mutiny.  They were the only survivors.  The others had all been shot in the back while fleeing the battle.  They had been betrayed by a soldier who imagined that he would gain some advantage.  The reasons for their desertion under fire were very compelling to them.
"The first day we arrived a prisoner was captured.  I witnessed the interrogation.  The other officers insisted he was lying, but I've seen his kind of bravery and firmness of conviction before.  He informed us in no uncertain terms that they never intended to bring us home, that we had all been sold out.  Captain Hastings even insisted that this was not an alien planet.  That shows you what we were dealing with, denial and false hope.  I believe it was the Athenian, Thusydades, who once wrote that hope is the most destructive emotion of mankind.  Our misadventure was exactly the kind of foolish expedition he warned against, all hope and no planning."  Lieutenant Brian Aldridge stopped and his associate Lieutenant Herald Erickson continued for him.
"No one wanted to hear what that chap," the prisoner, "had to say.  I believe his exact words were. You can all kiss your asses goodbye if you attack us.  We never surrender.  We don't take prisoners.  You are all going to die."
Brian added,  "A rather single minded view of the art of war, I should say."
Jack did not like his tone.  "What do you expect?  Should we just bend over and take it?  We didn't get here because we are willing to compromise with evil."
"Yes, I see."  Herald asked.  "I never did understand that whole thing with the sudden death of the implantees, the Widgets.  How did that come about?"
Elli answered, Jack had filled him in after his short trip home when he delivered the alien defense technology.  "The same people who were designing and selling the technology gave away the secrete of how it worked.  It seems that our esteemed Ambassador, William Jobbs, got cold feet in his dealings with the interstellar slave traders and knew that the kill order he gave our leaders would destroy the alien's slaves in the whole Solar System as well as the ones on Earth.  The implant is alien technology designed for only one purpose, to control slaves.  The decision to send the global kill signal was only made after someone on Earth had also issued a global attack signal to all implant victims.  Don't pretend you don't know what I'm talking about.
"It seems he knew just how dependent the slaver aliens are on their slaves.  He was relying on it.  The fact that we are here is proof.  None of us Rangers had anything to do with that kill order, except for our commander.  We did not even know that such a weapon existed.  We don't fault him for it because it likely saved most of our lives.  We were sold out, just like your battalion."
Brian answered.  "I recall there was general mayhem among the convicts and servants that was never explained at the time.  As much as they always sought to isolate the troops from current events we officers always knew at least as much as the average person, exactly what they wanted us to know.  The Peace Keeper forces were heavily widgetized, as you might say, and suffered heavy casualties.  I wondered if that was part of the plan as well?  There has been a revolution in the CFR since you left Earth.  They have even overthrown the Agency."
That was news to both of the Rangers.  "Well, the Earth has defenses against the aliens now, and the days of implant slavery will soon come to an end, your Eugenics Commission is doom too, but none of that helps us here."  Jack could not help but answered the prisoner's comment.  "We are on our own, with a little help from our friends.  Not all the aliens are evil.  We should be able to fix up Janette," the wounded field surgeon, "if we can get her back to the base station alive.  They have a machine in there that can get rid of infection and promotes healing."
"I'm grateful for your help." Herald added.  "I seriously doubt that we should expect another attack from our quarter.  None of the Guard were ever implanted but I understand that much of the spy network of the Home Office in Britain was.  They are severely weakened, even if some of the implants were not linked to the system.  No one expects help from Manhattan.  The Guard is now very much under strength."
"I want to apologize for absconding with your daughters."  Brian spoke to Frigg for the first time since they had surrendered.  "We had no idea they are children.  They were very helpful and friendly.  We could not have survived long without them.  You realize, you are the first aliens we have ever encountered.  I hope you do not hold a grudge against us."
She did not answer so Jack answered for her.  "Frigg doesn't speak English very well, but I know her well enough to say that if she still held a grudge you three would not be breathing."
"True."  Was the only word Frigg spoke to them.
"This Planet of Exiles is a very interesting place.  Everything here is black and white.  There are no gray areas.  I can see how that simplifies societal relations very efficiently."  Brian continued.  "I suppose there are worse places to be marooned."
"Such as a pre Cambrian dessert inhabited by cannibals and flesh eating arachnids?"  Elli responded.
"Don't forget the brain slugs."  Jack added.  Much of the trip they explained the situation to the prisoners of war.
When they were close to home Frigg was obviously not comfortable with the situation and finally gave voice to a question for Jack.  "You have said Rangers take no prisoners.  What do you intend for them?"
"Good question."  Jack answered.  "We intend to give them to our commander who will decide their fate.  If they are found to be war criminals they die.  If they are found to be passable Human beings they will receive parole.  That means we let them live on good behavior.  Those are the rules of war.  Don't worry you three.  If we thought you were not passable Human beings we would not have brought you this far."
***
The prisoners were paroled as Jack and Elli had expected.  Erik Johnson, the Natural Rights activist who had been taken captive recently in Ireland, was supervising the retrofitting of the drive section of the refugee ship.  He had bad news he decided to share at the next gathering by the fire pit.  Janette Livingstone, the injured field surgeon was there with the usual attendees.  She was still convalescing but was allowed to partake of the moonshine in limited quantity.  Mac was there as well, in his usual hooded cloak.  His gloomy alien appearance made Janette a little uncomfortable, but she was trying to get used to him.  The anti-mind reading cap she was issued helped considerable.  No one bothered to explain that Mac could not remotely access the ship's mind reading equipment this far from the spacecraft.  The possibility of mental eavesdropping from hostiles was even more frightening. 
After drinks and roast pork were served Erik began conversation.  "There is a problem with the retrofitting.  There are certain parts Mac is unable to fabricate.  We might have to make a trip off world in the drive section to find them.  Mac assures me that there is a planet, a kind of space ship graveyard, only he knows about.  He has not been there in a long time, but does not have reason to believe anyone else has discovered its location."
They all looked to Mac, whose cowl was hanging over his huge eyes, so he seemed even more enigmatic than usual.  "I suppose the precise term is rediscovered.  It is a place that holds many unpleasant memories for me, and there are many reasons to keep its location confidential, the inventory of old spacecraft is merely one reason.  There are things there you probably need to see in order to grasp the full implications.  It will be necessary to train a crew with a passable knowledge of the operation of the anti-gravity star drive systems, as well as ship defense systems, especially in the event something happens to me.  Whatever you might imagine, space travel is not safe for the inexperienced.  There are more dangers out their than the forces that brought you all here.  Space is too vast to ever police effectively so no one even considers the possibility.  There are natural hazards as well, hazards fundamental to the laws of physics that your understanding does not yet grasp.  I do not have the time nor the inclination to offer a university class on the subject.  It will be easier to just show you.  One does not have to understand the laws of inertia to operate a land vehicle or boat.  The same is true of space travel, provided we have well functioning equipment."
Tom had a comment.  "So, if space travel is so dangerous, how is it that your crew feared sticking it out with you here so much that they deserted?"
"Fear of the unknown and unfamiliar danger is always more daunting than the familiar.  I am not certain they would have been of use in any case.  They were all excellent space hands, but that is really all they know.  It was unreasonable of me to expect them to share these dangers we have faced, and particularly since most of them were physically unfit for duty in this kind of gravity.  To put it bluntly, they were a bunch of weaklings.  I am the exception among space people in that I constantly train for this kind of thing.  Yet my strength is still not comparable to any of yours.  I have not lived so long by being satisfied with the life of a shut-in.  I've never mentioned this.  Most of my crew would have had to wear servo-suites in order to walk in this kind of gravity.  Your short experience with space travel should serve as illustration of what it might be like to be borne and raised in space.  For them, gravity is a hardship.  Before anyone demands an explanation I will just mention what is obvious to me, that anti-gravity drive is inertia free.  There is no acceleration nor deceleration in the conventional meaning so there is no need to be acclimated to gravity, except, as you have all seen, when making planet fall."
Jack commented.  "I was surprised to see you out of the ship that morning."  He meant the final day of the battle.  "I realize that you were providing valuable assistance on the placement of enemy troops, since they were not protected, but I don't understand how it was that their jamming equipment, the same kind you use, did not block your mind reading tech."
Mac was slow to answer, but since everyone was waiting he finally chose to speak.  "That is part of what you need to understand about us.  That technology is biologically based.  You have all had sufficient experience with its inherent danger to understand the implication of what I am about to tell you.  Every gadget, every bit of mind reading equipment and direct brain to computer interface contains a biological element.  It is the nerve ganglia of the brain slug.  Whoever is actually manufacturing the essential part of the brain implants sold on Earth, and they have manufactured millions, must have slugs from which to extract the nerve ganglia.  So far they have been able to keep it contained, but when it is set free on your world, and eventually is will be, Human society on Earth will come to an end."
No one spoke for what seemed like a very long time.
"You are a real buzz kill, Mac."  It was Jack.  Only Bridget and Janette were able to laugh at his joke.  Bridget, because she was happy that she actually got the Earth man's joke, and Janette because she was not quite sure she understood the whole point of the conversation, having had no experience with the brain slugs.
Elli was the next one to find words.  "Mac, if that is the case, than some time I want you to explain to me just how the anti-mind reading caps work."
"It has something to do with proximity, but that is all you get from me tonight.  I apologize for being such a, what was the term, buzz kill.  I realize this is supposed to be and enjoyable get together."  Mac almost never apologized.
Jack decided to start a sing along, an only slightly bawdy sang, which he thought fit the occasion.  The others were glad to join in for the chance to not have the think about Mac's ominous warnings for a while.
"A dragon has come to our village today
"We've asked him to leave, but he won't go away..."
(By Randy Farran, The Brobdignagian Bards, Do Virgins Taste Better)
***
The Public Safety Committee in Columbia had sometimes debated the question of the extent of its rightful powers and the whole issue of crime and punishment.  Taxes had been abolished.  The legislature only sat to pass laws, define crimes into clear written form, and then the new laws were often vetoed by the Committee.  The court system and bureaucracy no longer existed, there being nothing to pay them.  Means for maintaining minimal necessary collective defense were obtained by forfeiture and fines, which made full-scale foreign war out of the question, in spite of very strong economic growth.  There was no prison system.  It had been eliminated a century ago by the total collapse of the old regime.  The cumbersome apparatus of common law was replaced by arbitration.  The Committee only heard cases of heinous crime, capitol crime. 
The main problems of law were those resulting from the abolition of enslavement as punishment for a crime and when to execute the death penalty.  The system of private arbitration of disputes had spawned a new insurance business based on surety bonds.  The problem was that true criminals are by nature recalcitrant and would never submit to such civility, and the victims do not like letting even petty criminals off the hook.  That situation resulted in two things, vendetta, and mob violence.  Neighborhoods and rural areas, as well as business and industry maintained their own security in the form of a watch and patrols.  So, violence was kept to a minimum, but un-righted wrongs tend to produce vocal complaints and can result in the escalation of violence.  The anarchist, or at least minarchist society the revolution was intended to create was threatened by civil war.
The world wide revolution was slowed everywhere by similar problems, as the Pretender's forces gained strength, as the manhunt initiated by the new revolutionary Interstate Safety Committee, which usually still met in Columbia had not caught up with him.  There was also the problem of organized crime.
Rodger was concerned locally with two pressing issues, finding serial killers and suppressing the slave trade.  He was no longer surprised by the number of psychopathic murderers spawned by the old system that permitted unconscionable abuse of the Naturals and the Widgets.  They were often the least likely suspects, the most respectable sort of people.  Again, while viewing information about possible slavery in a certain agribusiness, Combined Agricultural Collective, incorporated out of Cuba, he wondered about the notion of compartmentalization.  There was something about intentional wrong doing that allowed some people to put it in different compartments of their mind, separating their own evil by a wall of denial.  If he could understand it better it might give him an edge in anticipating organized crime.  A phone rang at his desk, his hot line.  It meant that a major crime was being reported by one of his Rangers assigned to border security.
***
Off the coast of Edisto Island a twenty-meter pirate speedboat had been seized on its way to the border area of the Savanna River estuary.  It was towing another, larger boat loaded with captives.  The State Coast Guard crew had shut off the speedboat's engine with a disruptor based on the alien technology.  The vessel was lashed to theirs and its crew were lined up hands cuffed behind their backs.  The only captives on board the speedboat were three attractive young women who showed bruises and minor contusions.
The skipper of the Guard cutter paced back and forth his hands folded behind his back.  One of the prisoners chose to speak.
"We are in interstate waters.  I demand we be turned over to our home state."
"And which state is that?"  The skipper asked.
"Georgia."
One of the young women held a baton of some sort.  She was calmly patting it in one hand, the way a cop might have done with his riot stick in a by gone day.  The skipper noticed that the baton was a cattle prod.  That gave him an idea.  He turned to face the former captive.  "What would you do with these men?  Should I turn them over to the State of Georgia?"
Before he could react to stop her she had thrust the baton with all her strength into to pirate's solar plexus, sending him over board.  He could not tread water for long with his hands bound behind his back.  He called out for help but was soon gone.  The skipper held his men back.  The women then shoved and knocked the rest of the pirates overboard.
"These waters off Saint Helena Sound,"  It was a different Saint Helena Island than the mid Atlantic pirate base.  "are infested with Sand Tiger Sharks."  He said to his crew and the women.  "Does anyone care to attempt a rescue?"
That was the gist of the report Rodger received at his desk.  "What have I told you about destroying the evidence?!"  He glanced at the large map on his office wall.  "Process the detainees at the fishing docks behind Edisto Beach."  The barrier island had the nearest docking facility large enough to handle the small ships.  There was never any question in their minds about charging the women with a crime.  "I'm flying over there now."
The three women kept aboard the pirate boat were the only ones able to supply useful information.  The pirates had bragged on the intended fate of the captives and talked business among themselves.  The destination was the rice paddies and sugar cane fields of the estuary on the South Carolina side of the Savannah River, property of the Combined Agricultural Collective, CAC.
Besides the rapes and other physical abuse the captives had endured on their voyage they had another horror to share with their rescuers.  At one point when the pirates felt that they were close enough to their destination they had separated the weaker and less able from the rest.  One informed the captives that there were too many and the surplus were to be culled.  There were bound and tossed overboard.  The three women were not to be sold but kept as the sex slaves of the pirates, until they tired of them and then overboard.
Roger assembled the Special Reaction Team for the water borne raid on the plantation.  Land escape was cut off and air patrols circled in the vicinity.  The raid was swift.  The armed guards were shot on sight, the office people rounded up.  A man in a typical business suit burst into the room shouting waiving his arms about his head.  "What is the meaning of this?" He spoke with a heavy Cuban accent.  "I have diplomatic immunity!  This is sovereign territory of Cuba!"
A ranger shot him square in the center mass of his chest.  "I don't think you got the memo about the end of the Fusion."  He looked to his commander.  "I hate paper work."
"We all do, son.  Keep these office rats covered while I take a look at these papers."  He turned to the prisoners after a few minutes.  "There is a big pile of crap here about the re-education of naturals.  What the hell are you people up to here?”
It was a rhetorical question.  "Well, I'm glad that jerk brought up the whole question of sovereign territory.  Now I can treat you all as enemy combatants.  You are in civilian dress.  Therefore, you are all spies.  Corporations are mere legal entities.  They possess no sovereign immunity in this state.  You have invaded us with the intent of enslaving."  He looked to his troops.  "Do any of you see any point to a public trial?"
The one who had shot the pretended ambassador answered.  "No, Mr. Chairman.  I say we turn their case over to the freed slaves for disposition."  The prisoners were brought to a large room that had obviously served as a holding pen and torture chamber.  There they were bound and handed over to their former victims.  There was a disturbance outside which took Rodger away from the room.  He was relieved.  He did not care to watch in any case.
A group of freed slaves were holding some of their number, demanding they also be put in the torture room for execution with the former corporate employees.
"They say these are the snitches."  A Ranger told him.  They were truly a pathetic sight.  Rodger could understand why the others want vengeance, but he could not let it happen.  "Hand them over to our men.  We'll take them into custody."
***
Annalists studied the captured papers concerning re-education.  They had originated from the propaganda machine of the Pretender, the Meritocracy Cadre as the political party called itself.
"What do we do with these people?"  George asked Rodger and Alf.  It was a rhetorical question about the Cadre.  He did not expect an answer, but Alf gave him one anyway.
"You once called yourselves a revolutionary committee."  He was talking about the Public Safety Committee.  "Act like one.  This," He indicated the re-education propaganda,  "is clear evidence of a criminal conspiracy.  However, it would be foolish to just suddenly announce they are enemies of the state or the liberty of the people or whatever you are calling it now.  They would just go underground.  It would give them a kind of heroic image with their supporters, and then we might never catch them.  First we draw them in and then we declare them the enemy.  Here is how we do it.  We make a public show trial of the forfeiture of the CAC plantations and make a lot of noise about going after them wherever we find them in other states.  We threaten to hit them in their pocket book.  That will bring them to us.  Then we hit them with criminal conspiracy charges, after we have lulled them into thinking we are a bunch of weak minded yokels who imagine there is a point to all that legalistic corporate wrangling the Ceefers are so fond of."
"OK, Alf, you make it sound easy."  Rodger asked.  "What do we do with them then?  Line them all up and shoot them?  I thought everyone agreed that public executions and the death penalty in general was too much power for us.  What?  Do we ask them to apologize nicely and then send them home?  I want to know how you think this is going to play out?  Are we to shoot lawyers and corporate stuffed shirts now?"
"You Rangers never show much restraint when it comes to summarily executing pirates and slavers.  What makes those corporate people immune?  Their clothing and education?  I know you like to let the victims do it for you.  I can see that. Killing is bad for the psyche, even when it is perfectly justified.  If your hands become too bloody you just can't wash it off.  Who said we have to kill them?  At least not straight off, we can hold them for trial.  Those who are found to not be in on the conspiracy, we let them go with a heavy fine or bail bond that they forfeit when they flee the state.  How else can we pay for all this?"  He indicated the offices they occupied.  "You bleeding heart idealists have abolished taxes.  Then make the enemy pay, and anyone who thinks they can profit by giving them aid and comfort."
"Damn you, Alf."  Rodger said only half seriously.  "You sound just like an old time Ceefer stooge, always coming up with sneaky, back stabbing tricks.  I like it.  Let's stick it to 'em."
George added to the discussion.  "We have gotten rid of all that parliamentary idiocy with official political parties and their organized looting of the people.  There are no official political parties, at least not for electioneering purposes, and the old ones are seen as obsolete by the general public.  This Cadre does not even call itself a party.  It's very name smacks of criminal conspiracy.  We all agree that it is an organized gang of criminals, but the followers do not see themselves that way.  By outlawing the Cadre we declare war on the followers.  That means putting them on a list.  The idea of making a death list and hunting people down just because their name gets put on the list does not sit well with me.  The process of the death lists is too open to abuse.  That is self-evident.  If we go down that road we become a dictatorship."
Alf answered.  "We all agree on that point.  We don't have to take it that far, now, but what do we do when the local fanatics start bumping us off one at a time?  Or when they get control of a neighborhood, say some gated community and intimidate the minority into submission?  How far should we let them go with this?  What do we do when they decide to rally their forces and have a mass public meeting on the State House grounds protesting our persecution of their friends?"
"Here is the way I see it."  George responded.  "We do what we can do, and we go about it the right way.  Outlawing the Cadre would be like trying to outlaw a tornado.  We go after individuals for their individual crimes.  That is all.  We never let up until we have them all.  If that is even possible.  What can we do with them?  That is a good question.  We are not talking about street thugs here.  We expose them to the public for what they are.  These are people who have to make a living in our society.  Once the people know them for who and what they are they will have no choice but to give in to public pressure.  They want to bring back the Eugenics Council with a vengeance.  The people will not sit still for that.  It is an idea we are fighting, not simply a criminal gang.  It is the idea that some people have a right to control everyone else's life.  They get to deicide for us all, who gets to have children and who doesn't, who is permitted to live on their own land and who is taken away and enslaved, because someone says they are not worthy.  We don't hold with that."
Alf decided to go with George's argument.  "What you are talking about can not be done just sitting around here waiting to react to crimes as they happen.  We have to involve the public in your war of ideas.  To involve the public we must empower the public.  We have to make them realize that they are in control of their own destiny and can't just sit passively and expect us to always be there to defend them.  Here is the way I see it playing out.  We institute the forfeiture proceedings, drawing the enemy out.  Then, at the right moment we declare a public state of emergency, laying it all on the line by telling the people everything we know.  Sneaking around, keeping the people in the dark about the dangers they face like the Public Safety Committee has been doing with the interstate wars, will not work in the long run.  Our enemy will use the secrecy to discredit us and we won't be able to answer because the truth is secrete.
"We use the state of emergency to create local revolutionary committees to flush out the traitors among us.  We don't give them any real power, just the power of a grand jury under the old legal system.  They make the accusations, the indictments, and we prosecute the criminal.  Whether you like it or not the average person is passive with respect to politics.  The people want our guidance like a street hustler wants a free hand out.  We have put ourselves in charge.  If we are afraid to act the part I can assure that the Cadre is willing to take our place and the people will follow them instead of us.  They will find a way to make their Meritocracy seem better than what we have to offer, which they will portray as every man for himself and the devil take the hind most."
"The revolutionary criminal justice system we have here relies heavily on the principle of bond and forfeiture.  That is our only effective weapon.  Anyone accused by the grand jury, I think that is a better name for it because it implies legitimacy.  Anyone who they accuse on probable cause of conspiracy to commit treason must post bond.  The punishment should not be death because we are preventing the treason, so it has not happened yet.  The punishment is forfeiture of all property.  That is how you make the enemy pay for the war he has brought to you.  I'll go one step further.  Since treason is a political crime we should fall back on the old system of trial by a jury of twelve.  Make these superior beings, these eugenics fanatics, admit that a bunch of lowly naturals are their peers.
"I'm familiar with all of your objections on how the jury system was corrupted and subverted in the past, but this is not then.  It's now, and now we can make sure it is done right.  Trial by jury is an ancient custom.  Treason is an ancient crime.  Fine, redefine it as you like to making war on the revolution or the liberty of the people rather than the state, but it amounts to the same thing.  It is a political crime.  You want to do what is right without resorting to absolute dictatorship or all out civil war?  This is the only way I see to go about it, trial by jury.  If that does not work, then later we can always round up the traitors and kill them when it comes down the them or us, but we can't do it without popular support."
"If I remember right, in the old days in a trial by jury the verdict had to be unanimous."  George answered.  "We do it the old way then."
"I'll be compiling that list you spoke of earlier," Rodger added, "Just in case."
"Fine," Answered Alf.  "I'll compile this discussion in the form of a policy memorandum and see that it is transmitted to all our allies."
***
Bermuda has so far escaped invasion by the Pretender's forces.  Advance knowledge of the probable mode of invasion was key.  Anti-submarine defenses were installed and a few spy submarines were destroyed.  Then the probing stopped as the criminals did what have always done and sought out an easier victim.  The new corporate benefactors, Fredrick Jennings and Felice Desmond, who merely claimed the old fortress of the Barron as their new home and offices, had done their best to rebuild the tourist trade the islanders depended on to make a living.  They considered that a fair trade for the use of the place.
Recent piratical attacks by slavers who snatched tourists was a severe blow, but the end of those miscreants near Edisto had calmed the people's fears.  It forced the couple to face up the dangers inherent in life on a small island.  Mandatory inspections of all small craft was the only solution for now.  They were already on the look out for pirates disguised as merchantmen.
Fred conducted secrete research into the nature of the alien implants in the basement.  It was a mystery he had been working on since before he became CEO of Encrypticorp.  Felice was able to conduct business from the upper offices.  They had hired a Ranger, Lieutenant Harris Fender, who had participated in the liberation of the island from the implant slavers, as their chief of security.  He had devoted as much time as possible to studying the nature of the aliens and their technology.  He collected and studied reports of alien encounters and mysterious abduction, especially mass abductions.  Fred had revealed his early discovery that the brain implants were based on a biological element, a nerve cluster, that contained the secrete of how it worked.  The DNA was alien, but there were similarities to Earth's mollusks.  That was about as much as they knew about that.
Fred had other problems.  The problem of insider trading was now his main business concern.  A computer expert and genius in statistical analysis, he had discovered a pattern.  He had been commissioned by several major brokerage firms to do what he could to discover the source of the information the inside main traders always seemed able to obtain.  The information sometimes followed patterns and led to a particular individual of interest from time to time, but they were false leads.  The individuals were wrongly accused and the leaks started up again somewhere else, but sometimes with no pattern at all.  The information thief was not relying on Human agency but was evidently using some kind of eavesdropping method Fred could never pin down.  The beneficiary of the information was obvious from the start, a clique of traders centered in The City of London.  He had even traced the money trail.  Some of it was being funneled to the Pretender.  The rest to the Bank of London, not a depositor account, but the bank itself.  It was not possible to gain access to that money, but he knew where it was going.  He hand that information to Harris, who he knew would forward it to his friends in Columbia.  He also gave the information to his clients as well.  After all, they were paying for it.  He supposed they intend to use it in some future legal action against the information thieves, if such a thing were even possible.
As a statistician, Fred was not concerned with coincidence unless it was statistically significant.  The coincidence of the proximity of the insiders to the place where the brain implants were being manufactures, The City of London, was not significant to him.  There was no known connection between the two things.
His old boss, William Jobbs was still being held in the dungeon, as Fred thought of the plush prison, especially designed for one man.  When an informant, now in the employ of the Rangers, had first told him of the planned assassination of Bill he had thought of just letting it happen, but that would be cruel, to the intended assassin.  She was, after all just a tool, Bill's Eugenics Commission supplied Fiancé, as the official breading women were euphemistically called.  Felice had seen that she got professional help to overcome her deep conditioning.  She no longer was a danger to anyone, and completely lost interest in her assigned mate, which Felice saw as a very positive side effect of the psychotherapy.  Now even she could see that he was cruel and domineering.  Fred intended to keep Bill around as long as he continued to supply useful information.  An occasional threat to tern him over to the Rangers was enough to keep the information coming.
Thus, Harris occasionally visited Bill, partly to gloat over him and partly to pump him for information.
"It is time for you to spill what you know about the insider trading centered at the Bank of London."  Harris informed Bill.
"Oh, you know about that?"  Bill asked.  "I wondered when you would get around to figuring that one out."
"You have been holding out on us, and this is big.  We will not stand for that."  Harris issued his mild command.  "It's time for you to come clean now."
The prisoner started to speak, but was seized with sudden convulsions.  He then fell to the floor and grabbed his head with both hand, obviously in intense pain.
"I can't talk.  He won't let me talk..."he groaned and then passed out.  Harris had medics revive him.  "I can't.  He knows."  That was all they could get out of him.  He suffered a stroke and died of severe bleeding in his brain.  Harris had the medical examiner check for a micro brain implant that would not show up on regular x-rays.  They found a tiny spec of foreign matter implanted deep in his brain.  It was determined to be the alien nerve ganglia encased in some kind of organic plastic to protect it from the victim's immune system.  He knew it was the breakthrough they were looking for.
He presented his conclusions to Fred.  "This is not a coincidence.  The nerve cluster is linked to his death.  The attack happened only after I asked him about the insider trading at the Bank of London.  There is a connection between the two.  We need to find out what it is."
Fred responded.  "But how?  There was no mechanism, no receiver...It can't be."
"The nerve cluster?"  Asked Harris.  "Who was it that said, after you have eliminated the possible, the remaining answer, no matter how unlikely..."
The paper trail from the Widget factory to the bank was not difficult to trace, but it proved to be very uninformative, to the point of total irrelevancy.  That only made Harris more suspicious.  He was familiar with the tactic of hiding in plain sight.  He knew it had to be something like that, but had no idea how to go about proving it without an eyewitness.  Besides, he had no clear idea exactly what it was he was looking for.
***
Still hiding out in his secrete base on Mars, the monster who called himself Loki received a direct message from his agent on Earth.
"The information leak we detected has been eliminated by my intervention, lord.  It was the Human whose death we have sought for some time now."
Loki raged.  "I wanted that wretch for myself."
"He was silent for so long.  I thought the secrete implant had failed.  Then I felt him thinking of me.  He was about to tell.  I had no choice but to finish him."
Loki answered the agent.  "It no longer matters.  The fool thought you were me.  Now he is dead.  That is settled.  Be gone!"  That was how Loki usually ended direct messages.
The creature who was now calling himself Malcolm did not like the way Loki treated him, but was long ago resigned to it.  He licked the smooth skin on the palm of his hand leaving enough spit on it to moisten the little slugs that clung to the scales on his head like so many slimy fat hairs when he ran his hand over them.  He wore a tailored business suite, tailored to fit his reptilian form.  He never argued such fine points with those few Humans who have ever chanced to see him as he actually was.  They were all dead, but he liked thinking of himself as reptilian, even though he was actually a monotreme.
He was resigned to taking Loki's abuse.  He considered himself a prisoner of his own bad decisions.  He could rationalize almost anything that way.  He was indeed a prisoner in this dank cellar under the great factory that supplied the world with direct brain to computer interface implants.  He could easily make anyone who came to visit see him the way he wanted to be seen, but he could not fool cameras.  He took time to again inject himself with the synthetic version of the brain chemical that gave Loki his natural immunity to the slug's coma inducing poison.  He had to keep the little darlings attached to his head for a while longer.  Each one provided him with a direct link to an unsuspecting Human with access to special knowledge about the huge corporations that produced most of the wealth on Earth.  He still had trades to place. 
***
She was beginning to be very upset with these Humans.  No privacy at all, and why couldn't they understand simple sign language?  Is this the way they treat all their galactic ambassadors when they make first contact?
Jacob and Loraine were so excited about the opportunity to be the first anthropologists to observe the first actual apace alien.  At least it was the first one they knew of.  They supposed that made them the worlds fist xenologists.  They were picked for the job because they also had degrees in biology and zoology, two skill sets that were badly needed since no one from the Manhattan Free State Public Safety Committee could quite tell what to make of the visitor.  No one wanted the responsibility of dealing with the alien, so here they were.  The two were standing behind the one-way glass observing the antics of the creature in the interrogation room.  It had given up uttering its strange squeaks and whistles and clicks that seemed to consist of its spoken language.  They were now beginning to wonder if it was in fact an intelligent life form.
"Is it trying to communicate by way of dance?"  Loraine wondered.
"I thought it was sign language.  But now?"  Jacob stopped in mid question.  The antics were becoming, if anything, even less intelligible.
A passing orderly made a comment.  "Do you think it is trying to tell us it wants to play a piano?"
"That's it!"  Loraine had a sudden flash of insight.  "A key board.  Give it a laptop hooked up to our PC out here.  It's telling us it knows how to type."  While that was being seen to, the orderly handed them copies of the x-rays and ultrasounds taken of the creature.  They compared them to try to make some sense of the animal's internal structure.
"Look!  It seems to be full of eggs in different stages of development, like a chicken.  She is a monotreme!"  They looked up.  She was waving at them frantically and pointing to the laptop screen.  They saw the message displayed on their screen.
"Unless you want me to expel bodily waist in front of you on the floor right now I suggest you show me to the proper facility."
After the personal business was taken care of further communications were much more informative.
"Is this the way you treat interstellar envoys?  I realize there have been some changes lately.  I believe you call it a revolution.  Did I come to the wrong city?  Am I to be dissected like a laboratory specimen?  Wait, consider all the above rhetorical questions.  I was given to understand that you people were now, what is the word? Civilized?  That would be understandable, this being the greatest city on your world.  I should state my business here.  I have come to you in search of a wanted criminal of my species.  I don't suppose you have encountered him?  Does that explain your treatment of me?  In any case, he is holed up somewhere on this planet.  My best information suggests he is located on a large island off the north west coast of the continent occupying the eastern hemisphere relative to this location.  You call it Britain, I believe.  May I communicate with, maybe you call them police, some authority who is interested in capturing wanted criminals?"
The Committee had already contacted their counterparts in Columbia, since they were the only ones they knew of who had first made friendly contact with aliens, as well as unfriendly contact with the dangerous ones.  Columbia had passed the information on to their contact in Bermuda, since he was directly engaged in researching the whole alien question and had the recourses of Encrypticorp to back him up.  He had recently communicated his suspicions about the Bank of London and the Widget factory nearby, so they made the decision to send him to Manhattan.
He wanted to take her with him back to Bermuda.  That caused some controversy among the Committee.  They were concerned about the safety of the visitor.  Harris had already had his chance to explain to her why he wanted her to come with him.  She did not disappoint him.
"This is the first Human I have encountered who treats me like a responsible free agent.  Do you really expect me to want to remain in this lunatic asylum of a city?" That was how she began her answer.  It was obvious the she did not care for the anthropologists or the Committee's Special Investigations detectives.  She was not much for simple yes or no questions.  "I would go with him, provided you permit me to take my leave of this prison, and I want my space ship back."
The Committee was more than happy to be rid of her and her space ship.  They were tempted at first to try to take it apart to see how it worked, and they were skeptical of her claim that it had a built in self destruct mechanism that would take the island and half of New Jersey with it, until scans revealed a sizable quantity of plutonium within.  So, they let her have it back.  She informed that she had had experience with backward cultures before and new what she was doing and would never permit anyone on Earth to keep her ship.  And finally, before she would leave with Harris, who was willing to ride with her, much to the envy of the anthropologists, she had one last thing to say, and that was that she had half a mind to leave this worthless rats nest of world to its well deserved fate and the criminals could have it all, but she was a better person than that.
When Harris was alone with her in the ship he had a comment on her parting remark.  "I can see I'll have to get you a computer with a voice interface so people can actually hear your witty comments."
She was much pleased with that and considered that she had made the correct decision by deciding to leave with him.  Then she told him the truth about her status.  She was really not a diplomatic envoy, just a bounty hunter.
The CFR Collusion  Chapter Seven


"The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society.  Those who manipulate this unseen mechanism of society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power of our country."  Edward Bernays, quoted in the Natural Rights Movement Activist Handbook.

Banner headline from News Source, owned by Combined Entertainment Media:
~The Pretender takes over Tasmania and ushers in the Meritocracy, calling on the "persecuted idealists" of Earth to join him there in his quest to create "a more perfect Fusion".~
Tasmania was not taken over by invasion, but by internal revolution, so the CFR would not intervene.  This was more than simply a new policy of restraint on intervention into the internal affairs of states.  They knew that they lacked the ability to successfully project military force against the combined fleet of The Defender of The Fusion, as he was now called.  His PR managers had decided that Lord Protector was not a popular political title in the Twenty Second Century after all.  The corporate media and the Internet had successfully dubbed him "Lord Pretender".  The response of the Cadre was typical of totalitarians.  They pretended like it had never happened, that he had always been The Defender of The Fusion.  His original title was expunged from the record of their official version of the glorious history of the cause.  On Earth, mind control had always been a matter of information control.  Direct telepathic intervention had never been unnecessary for the establishment of many forms of absolute tyranny on that self tormented world.
As a further refinement of his political strategy, in light of the success of the political individualism bordering on anarchism achieved by the Natural Rights Movement, his advisors also persuaded him to rule in a similar style to the typical Twentieth Century dictator who maintained the pretence of separation of power by ruling through the party apparatus.  Thus, officially, the Tasmanian state was only slightly modified by the revolution.  The Natural Rights Movement had never been able to make much headway there.  The regime of the Eugenics Commission had never been completely overturned.  The change was the establishment of the absolute dictatorship of the Cadre.
A part of a speech delivered by the Protector, Robert Bruce Hanover, to The Cadre in Tasmania as shown on CEM Television:
"It is essential that we show the people of the world that we are of the Cadre and we are here to help them.  The problems resulting from inbreeding run amok at one time reduced the people of Tasmania to a pitiful band of retched and isolated survivors after the collapse of the corrupt post industrial society that preceded the Fusion.  Then the blessings of rationally planned parenthood were introduced by the science of eugenics.  We have come to restore those blessings.  No more will people be permitted to reproduce like stray animals, vesting the offspring of such wanton folly with the burden of congenital birth defects.
"The CFR has failed in its duty to humanity by permitting the disintegration of the Fusion.  Since the disintegration of The Fusion the CFR is in an unusual position.  It is a state without sovereign territory, unless one considers its offices in Manhattan Free State its territory.  Since Manhattan is no longer its client state its activities are strictly limited.  The surviving Peace Keeper forces are isolated to off shore fortresses, such as Staten Island, where the world inventory of nuclear weapons is guarded.  The anti-interventionist faction in the Council had originally argued its case for non-intervention in the anti-Fusionist revolution sweeping the globe, but the old pro-eugenics faction was able to throw their own arguments back in their face when it came to Tasmania.  The debate became acrimonious and a split threatened, but the pro-eugenicists were never serious because they were well aware that an effort to move a rump Council to Tasmania, where they would again have their own state, would have ruined each particular corporation's public image with the thoughtless consumers they depend upon.  In addition, such a move would have been a complete disaster to the Cadre's political strategy of peaceful persuasion, effectively isolating pro-Cadre corporate leaders from those parts of the world that have reverted to anarchy.  The over riding principle of the corporatist is greed, not the welfare of the people.  That is why they betrayed the Fusion and why even those corporate leaders who possess some social conscience will never come to us.  We must bring enlightenment to them."
***
Alfred argued against the practicability of any effort to liberate Tasmania in the emergency meeting of the Interstate Safety Committee.  The Committee was alarmed about the concentration of sea power in the southwestern Pacific Rim.  Some saw a chance to attack and destroy much of the fleet, but others were fearful of the outcome.
"We have already seen a sharp increase in extra-terrestrial traffic in the region.  Local contacts on the island have reported the mysterious disappearance of most of the Natural population.  Tasmania is Ireland all over again.  An all out attack would be foolhardy, but that does not mean we should do nothing.  Earth's only hope is to accelerate the dissemination of disruptors to the isolated parts of the world that are the targets of extra-terrestrial incursion."
Another member was recognized.  "I say we kill two birds with one stone.  We arm a fleet of small high-speed boats with disruptors.  Armed with rockets and torpedoes even small boats could sink a war ship or shoot down any aircraft.  We all know how it works.  All you have to do is disrupt the alien craft or the slaver ship and put a rocket or torpedo in it.  We know it is impossible to effectively police the whole world so we should do whatever is necessary to give isolated states the capacity to defend themselves.”
Felice Desmond, CEO of CEM and the CEO of Intellicorp, Fredrick Jennings, were both present at the meeting, representing Bermuda.  The couple was recognized as the main supporters of the Natural Rights Movement in the CFR and was capable of calling on more resources than any single member State of the Committee.  Felice continued to another subject.
"You all saw the Pretender's speech to the first mass convention of the Cadre in Tasmania.  It has become evident that the first step in bringing enlightenment to us backward thinking corporate leaders is good old-fashioned extortion.  Cadre agents have been showing up at company offices all over the globe demanding what they call contributions, threatening retaliation if payments aren't made.  These bagmen usually get away with their threats because they come armed with lawyers and personal security.  Some are obviously caving and paying the protection money.  Some are willing supporters.  Of course the CFR is not happy with the new competition.  I think we can use this to swing the Council on Foreign Relations to our side on this issue.  I have always worked to expose the hypocrisy and the depredations of the Eugenics Council.  My next news media campaign will center on the extortion.
"However, there is something we will have to face up to sooner or later.  We have to expose the extra-terrestrials to the public.  We now have the ammunition we need.  We have an actual extra-terrestrial in Bermuda.  She is a guest of our security chief.  She has come to us on a mission to capture one of her own who is conducting some kind of criminal enterprise under cover in the City of London Free State.  We are sharing all details with the Committee here in Columbia, and we intend to coordinate the release of this story with them.  I am sure you will all be given advanced notice when I decide to air the story."
The Committee had only been notified that the subject of extra-terrestrials would be on the agenda so her bombshell unleashed a storm of heated debate.  Fred succeeded in returning to the next topic when he was recognized by the chair.
"I remind the committee that nothing can get done without the means to pay for it and that our contribution has been considerable.  Now we are sharing vital information and some of you still question our motives.  We have done as much for the revolution as any of you and will continue to in spite of your prejudices.  An accident of birth," He was talking about the fact that he and his wife were both the product of eugenically planned mating.  "dose not deprive me of my natural rights any more than the next person.  And you all know who I had to force out to earn my place here.
"Intellicorp has the monopoly on the production of defense weapons based on alien technology for the time being and I intend to keep it for as long as possible.  I am not stupid and short sighted enough to think I can do that by war profiteering on my friends and allies.  Do you think I want to give the enemy even the slightest possible advantage?  I know we cannot keep it out of enemy hands forever, but we can try.
"Also, I can not permit any piratical action against my extra-terrestrial guest.  We all know how valuable the alien anti-gravity drive could be to us, but try to look at this objectively.  Would you be willing to give us that power if you were them?  This Committee and our motives do not matter to them.  What they see is the planet as a whole, and they do not want the human race unleashed upon the galaxy.  Besides, this is not their first encounter with people like us.  That space ship is booby-trapped.  So, forget about it.
"Now, back to the issue at hand, the criminal enterprise in question involves insider trading on a global scale.  Some of the money is being funneled to the Pretender, but the rest is not.  We suspect it is under the control of the forces allied with and participating in the slave trade, the alien abductions, as well as the Eugenics Council.  It explains how the Council has been able to survive the end of the Fusion, and cut off of CFR funding as well as the revolution in the City of London.  They have vast resources.
"However, we are not in this one alone.  I have major clients interested in stopping the insider information leaks and willing to pay.  Aiding this extra-terrestrial in her mission has become our top priority in the cyber-security end of this business.  The stakes are far greater than merely stopping the bankrolling of our enemies.  I am having a briefing paper distributed to you all explaining the exact nature of the alien brain implant technology.  It is organic, and it is the most dangerous element of our entire struggle.  It involves the very survival of life on Earth as we know it.  If the alien organism from which the mind probe tech is taken escapes into the biosphere it will be impossible to stop.  The consequences would be catastrophic in the vast, historic meaning of the word, the final catastrophe for humanity on Earth.
***
Life on the Planet of Exiles was never quite the same after the abortive invasion from Earth.  There were too many deaths and disabling injuries.  The simple and effective family based social structure was disrupted.  The tragic event was well beyond the scope of the worldview of Fran's space women.  The survivors were permanently, emotionally damaged.  Most of them wanted to live somewhere else.  The others, the Rangers as well as the refugees, already felt that way.  When Mac let it be known that he wanted to train a new crew, and it would consist of Humans, the competition began.  Fran felt obligated to see to it that her women got priority.  She made that very clear to everyone involved, and she intended to make life very difficult for anyone who chose to stand in her way.  The next barbeque at Elli's fire pit was her chance to consolidate her position.
She sat between her two favorites, her daughter Jackie and Bridget.
"You all know where I stand on this expedition.  It would be criminal to leave any of my girls here to fend for themselves.  In the first place, it is just cruel to separate them after what they have been through.  They are like sisters.  They are a band of sisters.  You Rangers consider yourselves a band of brothers, but you volunteered for this kind of thing.  I don't mean the exile.  I mean war.  Everything that has happened to us since we came to this planet is an extension of the war that put us here.  We all go or none of us go, men, women, and children alike."
Tom was the only one with the nerve to stand up to her.  "Fran, we all agree with your basic premise.  There is no disputing it, but there are other practical considerations.  We intend to come back here.  We cannot leave this place open to attack while we are gone.  Some of the Rangers are going to have to stay behind to organize the rest."
"I'll concede your point, Frank, but I insist that none of the surviving women be forced to separate from the others.  Only the single men should be allowed to stay behind.  It is by no means a certainty when we will be back, if ever.  And don't any of you give me any nonsense about bringing families along.  We are bringing the larger base station.  It has the facilities for a large number.  Mac's original base station has all the industrial machines and the better defenses.  We have to leave it here to defend the colony."
Mac was not intimidated by Fran but agreed with her line of reasoning.  "Fran has a valid point about her girls as she calls them.  They are the most experienced space hands here.  They have proven to be the most adaptable in training exercises.  I would not think of leaving them behind.  You Humans are more familiar with your own social conventions than I am, but I will offer an opinion.  All of Fran's arguments are good from the point of view of the morale and loyalty of the crew to the mission.  The personal interest you have all demonstrated in your mutual survival as well as your ability to cooperate under stress all argues in favor of Fran's point of view.
"I am not as experienced with any of the refugees, with the exception of Erik Johnson and a handful of others.  I will have to insist that a condition to any of the others signing on to my crew will be that they submit to a mind probe."  That hushed the rest of the group and got their full attention.  "Normally, it is a condition to anyone signing on to any crew in my experience.  It is more effective than any imaginable form of psychological testing.  I am willing to waive the usual requirement for my friends because I know you all well enough already, but the others are unknown to me and I can not risk letting any unstable characters or sleeper agents become a part of my crew."
Elli was the first with a question.  He had only just started drinking, having take just a couple of sips.   He was in full possession of his faculties.  "The dire warnings you have given us about the evils of mental intrusion were all very emphatic.  How is it that you exempt yourself?"
"That is a fair question.  Pandora's box has been opened.  Yes, I am familiar with the story.  Only those who learn to adapt survive.  My society only survived because of the invention of the anti-mind reading shield I have made availably to you all.  I know you have questioned my generosity in the past.  I will try to explain myself better.  Sentient beings have two basic choices in life, to live by producing and exchanging values voluntarily with others or to take what they can from others.  Most of us never really succeed in totally living by one method or the other.  The basis of the Consortium is to embrace productivity and shun parasitism.  As I informed you when we first met, I am an agent of the Consortium.  I have done questionable things in order to fulfill my mission as I see it.  I am talking about my personal mission, not just the Consortium, but one cannot come to be an Agent unless the two are identical.
"You have all questioned my motives and my mission.  I will explain it to you now to the best of my ability, given my understanding of your language.  I am an Agent of Change.  I control wealth and resources unimaginable to you before you knew me.  I do not obsessively gather these resources for their own sake.  I do it because it helps me accomplish the mission.  What I intend to change is the power of parasitism.  I intend to reduce it.  I do not have such a high opinion of myself that I imagine I can eliminate evil, but I will reduce it, and as I do that I intend to avoid increasing evil by the unintended consequences of my actions.  That is why I cannot permit a mentally imbalanced person access to advanced galactic technology. 
"I can see that I am reaching the inevitable point in any lecture where the audience gets a glazed expression in the eyes, so I will stop there.  I will add only one thing.  None of you have kept your privacy caps on at all times.  I assure you I know who I am dealing with here.  You can curse me for this intrusion if you like.  I will surely be held accountable for it later if I survive what I have started here.  I do not care.  My conscience is clear."
"Spoken like a true believer."  Jack responded, and he lifted his cup in the first toast of the evening.  "To Mac, our galactic super hero!"
Frigg had taken in the whole speech, sprawled out at Jack's feet, her usual spot, one arm propping up her head as she watched him intently.  Her pupils were fully dilated and the tip of her prehensile tail twitched a little.  When Jack made his toast, she joined in and took a shot.  Then she curled up at Jack's feet with her back to Mac.  She shook herself reflexively, as a house cat might shrug off an unwanted petting.  Everyone there was familiar with the body language.  She obviously did not care for Mac's speech.  She uttered one word in her own language, which none of the Humans could understand, but Mac understood quite clearly.  "Blowhard."
Mac surprised them all by answering her in her own language, which to them sounded like screeching.  "Savage."
No one understood the words but, somehow, the meaning had been conveyed perfectly by tone of voice.  The Humans all laughed and had another round.
Bridget snuggled with Tom and spoke to him quietly so the others might not over hear.  "Do you intend to stay or leave on the ship?"
"I intend to stay.  I'm not interested in space travel."  He answered.
"The people here need you.  I need you too.  If you stay then I stay."  The way she looked into his eyes told him she could not be dissuaded, even if he had wanted to, which he did not.  "The other women do not need me if they have Fran."
"You understand that she stays as well?"  He indicated Frigg.
"I don't care what that bitch does."
Tom laughed.  "My dear, a bitch is a female dog, but I get your meaning.  You must have been associating with refugees to pick up that turn of phrase."
"Yes, you Rangers are all such," She searched for the right word.  "gentlemen.  I like that."  She rested her head on his shoulder.
Herald, the former officer of the Guards, had been invited to join the group.  He sat next to Jack.  One of Frigg's daughters had taken a liking to him and had followed him to the get together.  She sat behind him just out of her mother's reach.  She could tell her mother did not approve, but they had never spoken on the subject.  She felt safer out of reach.  She was careful not to drink alcohol.  She saw the effect it had on the adult Humans.  Her best friend, Yvonna, sat next to her.  Yvonna had confided that she had a crush on the man.  The young cat woman, Pussinboots, Yvonna had named her, even though the fur on her feet was the same reddish brown as the rest of her, understood that that meant Yvonna wanted to mate with him.  She was not sure how she felt about that, but it was a Human thing, and not for her to judge.  Her mother had made that quite clear.  The thought of matting repulsed her, which was quite normal for her species.  She could tell that Yvonna's mother was not pleased with the idea of Yvonna mating with the man by the way she occasionally looked at the man, just to see if he was looking at her daughter.  Again, she wondered about the Humans and all the trouble mating at will caused them.  Her life was so much simpler.  She just liked the man because he was nice to her.  Her motivations were completely uncomplicated.
Yvonna had played at dressing her up in Human girl cloths when she was smaller, but the only thing she ever wore was the special rabbit fur boots Svetlanna had made for her.  She had them on now because it was a special occasion.  It was her version of dressing up.  At least her mother did not disapprove of that, but found it amusing.  She liked wearing them because then all the Humans could tell her apart from her sisters.
Finally, Herald turned around to look and smile at the two young females, because she had lightly brushed her tail against the back of his neck to get his attention.  His eyes lingered a moment on Yvonna, who was making big eyes at him.  She hissed in mock disapproval, which caused Yvonna to giggle hysterically.  The adult party was becoming louder the more they drank.  None of them seemed to notice except Frigg, who glared at them.  That caused Yvonna to try to suppress her giggling fit, which caused her to get the hiccups.  Elli had earlier slipped Yvonna a drink.  Yvonna grabbed her hand and pulled her away from the group, she was deeply embarrassed.  They ran back to their house, the girl alternately giggling and hiccupping the whole way.
When they reached the house there was a man waiting.  They did not recognize him.  She could tell Yvonna was frightened.  The man would not leave when told to.  Pussinboots did what came natural.  As she pounced, she saw the knife in the man's hand.  She brushed it aside with one hand and slashed his throat with the extended claws of the other.  Her sisters were out of the house and helped her subdue the man.  Their mother had taught them never to kill a Human unless forced to, so they held him down.
Yvonna brought a light from the house and shined it on the man's face.  She recognized him.  "He is one of the cannibals who took my mother away."  Then, in the cat people's language she said.  "Hold him."
The cat girls did as requested.  Yvonna stood over the man and watched him slowly bleed to death.  Then they all walked back to the village together to tell the adults.  Yvonna was the only one who was shaken by the incident, but she soon got over it.  It never occurred to Yvonna to wonder why all the young men close to her own age seemed to be afraid to associate with her.  As far as she was concerned, she already had the perfect friends.
***
The revelers at the fire pit had more important issues to deal with.  Word came in from another settler beyond the Base Stations that a strange air ship had landed.  Tom, Jack, Elli, and Mac went to investigate, traveling on the hovercraft.  Elli had his night vision goggles.  Mac did not need them.  As a creature of deep space he was well adapted to the dark.  They found a vantage point and observed the strange ship, Elli reporting to the other two Humans.
"It seems to be some kind of dirigible.  If I had to guess, the torches lighting the area are burning hydrogen.  They are connected by hoses to the ship.  I make it more than twenty, all men, maybe as many as fifty.  Everything seems to be low tech.  They are removing what look like brass swivel guns from the ship and posting them around their camp.  The tents and the air ship seem to made of some kind of stretched leather."  in response to the two Humans' low groans he added.  "It can not be Human skin, the segments are much too big, too big for even a cow.  The men seem to be armed with flintlocks and sabers.  The spotlight on the airship might be an electric arch lamp.  I don't hear a steam engine, but there is exhaust venting from the other side.  Their outer garments at first glance look like some kind of scale armor, but I think it's for show.  It could be mother of pearl."
Tom put in.  "If they are in their finest dress uniforms they might not intend to attack.  All that light, setting up camp the way they are, it all indicates they are not here to make war.  They might know about the cannibals who used to live here.  That could explain why they are so well armed.  Mac, what do you know about our guests?"
"They are from a sizable community on the other side of the mountains."  He answered.  Obviously, the men wanted a more complete explanation.  They waited for him to continue.  "By sizable I mean well over one hundred thousand.  Yes, I've known they were there and failed to tell you.  Let me explain why.  Loki has been depositing Humans here for centuries.  This area is where he drops the new comers.  It is a kind of survival test, which, obviously you passed only too well.  The ones considered worthy are often taken to the other older community to increase variation in the gene pool.  It is only my supposition, but I suspect that as technology increased on Earth he became wary of dropping off large groups there because in the past that sometimes resulted in transmitting technological advancement to the old community.  Those,"  He indicated the men of the airship.  "are people whose children he has been stealing for centuries.  I am not certain how long.  I neglected to inform you of this earlier because I fear that conflict might result in the event you sought out contact with them.  They are not cannibals, but they are organized to a very great extent as, I believe you call it, a society of status, note the military organization.  Because of their primitive outlook they are of little use to me and a danger to you."
"So, you withheld this information for our own good?"  Jack asked.  "I'm going to have a talk with you about that some time.  I think we could have handled it."
"It is not that simple.  They have no relevance to my plans."  Mac responded.  "I was not aware they had air ships, or I might have mentioned them.  I am not all knowing.  They are in their own little world and deserve to be left alone.  That very thing, the right to be left unmolested to live ones own life is what we are working toward in any case.  Destroying Loki and his like would leave them free to develop in their own way.
"Your suppositions about their technology are correct.  Those are black powder firearms.  A steam engine, fueled by peat I suppose, generates electricity releasing hydrogen by electrolysis.  You are also correct about the armor being decorative.  The luster of the shells is much more visible in the starlight to my eyes.  Someone has informed them of the location of the settlement, at least our presence on this world.  I would guess the former.  If it were merely the latter, it would be futile to speculate about why they would risk expending such resources on a shot in the dark.  Loki's minions would destroy that flimsy ship in the blink of an eye if they knew of its existence.  I am sure those men must realize that."
"You have to admit."  Tom added.  "That takes some guts flying that contraption over the mountains without precise knowledge of weather prediction and unsure of what will greet you if you are able to find what you are looking for.  There must be a very powerful purpose driving those men."
"We should wait until dawn to determine the exact nature of their purpose."  Mac suggested.  "I find that encounters in the dark with a night blind species such as yours often end badly."
They could all agree on that point.  Jack was thinking about the earlier encounter the girls had with the lone cannibal.  "Elli, let me look through your glasses."  Elli handed him the night vision goggled.  "The clothing that dead cannibal had on is similar to theirs.  Elli, you look closely at the ones not wearing the armor."
Elli took another look through the goggles.  "Yes, I see what you mean, similar style."  From this distance, and seen through colorless electronically magnified light, it was not easy for him to give an exact description to the style.  They wore knee britches, tall boots, long coats, broad brimmed hats, and leather capes, some with cowl.  The way they wore their swords reminded him of something, yes, the Three Musketeers.  "Those are rapiers, not sabers.  They also carry long knives, like the ones used in fencing.  That cannibal was rather well dressed for a lone wolf survivalist in a pre-Cambrian sand pit.  I just assumed he had robbed someone.  He could have led them here."
They all heard a command shouted in English from across the plain.  "Change the guard."  Elli saw a man near the great gondola flip an hourglass.
Tom added.  "Yes, it's at least a two month hike, gathering food along the way, over those mountains.  I would guess.  It is possible.  He might have been living over there a while.  On the other hand, it is a strange coincidence that he happened to show up at your place tonight.  He must have already known Svetlanna and Yvonna lived there.  He could have been lurking around here for sometime before he went looking for them.  We will have to find out if he arrived with the air ship."
Mac added.  "I suggest that the whole question of the cannibal might be secondary to establishing a peaceful relationship with that group.  I suspect they are here on a mission and he had very little to do with it, other than leading them here.  If that is the case."
"Right you are, Mac."  Tom answered.  "This is a diplomatic situation, and we don't need to create any ill feelings.  We shouldn't mention the dead cannibal unless they do.  OK, here is the plan.  Jack, go back and round up a dozen of the boys armed with scoped long rifles.  Tell them if any of them get trigger happy I'll put a bullet in the dumb ass myself.  They are to form a very thin line at a safe distance and only react if our guests do something first.  Form up the rest of the new militia by the lake and keep them there.  Think of something intelligent to tell everyone to keep them calm.  The three of us, sorry, Mac, I assumed you wanted to hang out with us?"  Mac nodded in the affirmative, as he had learned from the Humans.  "Alright, the three of us will hang here till sun up.  Show up before then with food and water and a few of the more levelheaded troopers, no cowboys.  I'm sure these airship guys are jumpy after their voyage and don't want to be confronted with loud mouths.  And bring Frigg."  And as an after thought he added.  "Make sure she leaves the slugs at home."
After Jack trotted off Elli had a comment.  "I'd give real money for a cup of coffee."
"I have some stimulant pills."  Mac offered.
"Let's save them for later."  Tom commented.
***
The supplies arrived before the predawn light had started.  As soon as twilight began to reveal the outline of the landscape, Tom fired one of their few signal flairs, straight up.  It illuminated them well enough as it fell back to the ground.  There was no breeze to disturb the little parachute as the phosphorus flair burned itself out.  A couple of minutes later, a return signal was made from the camp in the form of a large flare of burning hydrogen gas.
"Alright, Elli, this is it."  Tom announced, only after the sun had begun to show above the horizon.  The two men began walking slowly toward the camp.  They could clearly be seen in the rising dawn.  They could see a man watching them through a long spyglass.  They were within range of the brass swivel guns, but the peaceful flare, rather then the firing of a gun, they took as a sign that it might be safe to go forward and meet their visitors.  Mac held back with Jack and the re-enforcements.  After the two were well beyond the others the man with the spyglass handed the retractable telescope to another.  He and one other person began to walk from the camp at a brisk pace toward Tom and Elli.  No one was carrying rifles or muskets but Tom and Elli each had a holstered pistol and the two who came toward them were armed with sward, long knife and a single shot pistol each.  As they come close Tom and Elli could see that the shorter of the two was a woman.
The man held up an open palmed hand in greeting.  "Greetings my friends."
"Hello to you, and good morning."  Tom answered.  They had stopped at a reasonable distance from one another, close enough to speak in a normal tone, but not within lunging distance.  "What brings you strangers to our little settlement?"
"A fair question, indeed."  The man answered.  "And it deserves a fair answer.  A dream, yes, a dream brings us here.  I see that your company includes the She Demon.  Yes I spotted her through my glass.  As well as that odd hooded person skulking about in the back of your company.  The dream has proved out to be the truth.  We could see the glow of the great star ships before we touched ground last night.  We have come to investigate the strange promise of the dream."
Tom looked to Elli as if to tell him, it's your cue man.  Elli responded.  "I believe I understand what you might be talking about when you speak of this dream, but I have a question.  What is the promise you speak of?"
"Nothing less then the death of the fiend himself...Loki."  When he spoke the name the woman crossed herself.  "Don't fret, Elisif, he can not touch us here.  Yon starships are proof of that.  I wager that the cloaked dwarf skulking in your company is exactly the one I suspect, the very Sky Martial himself."
Tom could not help but smile at that.  "Sky Martial?  He never told us about that exalted title.  He is just Mac to us, because no one can say his real name."
"The Sky Martial he be.  The Prophesy."  Elisif spoke and again crossed herself.  "The Prophesy shall be fulfilled."
Tom looked at Elli questioningly, but Elli just shrugged, as if to answer, 'I have no clue.'  Tom took the initiative.  "Would you like to come with us and sit with our other friends and talk about these things?"
Elisif nodded in the affirmative, and then turned around to face the camp of the air ship.  She pulled out what looked like a large white silk handkerchief from a pocket and waived it as a signal to the man watching through the spy glass.  They then all proceeded to the group, to meet the She Demon and The Sky Martial.  As they walked Elli made introductions.  The man, who identified himself as Elisif's guardian, asked only that they call him James, but to Tom and Elli, it sounded like he said Jeems.  Tom could tell that at that instant it was as if a light went on in Elli's head.  He knew Elli had found a clew that shed some new light on this whole situation.
When they reached the group of Rangers, Jack came forward to greet the guests.  When Jack introduced himself to Elisif she acted as if she already knew him, which left Jack a little confused.  She refused to speak to or acknowledge Frigg.  It was obvious Frigg completely terrified her.  Then she approached Mac.  She dropped to her knees, held her hands firmly together as if praying, and said.  "Oh Sky Martial!" and then looked down at his feet.
Mac did not move or acknowledge her in any way.  No one could read him, his pale face shaded under the hood, not that they could have read his alien countenance in any case.  James took Elisif by the hand and led her to a more respectful distance from her idol.
The initial parlay took several hours.  James did his best to explain The Dream, and Elli attempted to interpret and explain what had actually happened to the guests.  It was like talking to the wall.  The Dream was a series of dreams that had been compiled and interpreted by Elisif, who was the one who had actually experienced most of the dreams herself, along with others.
Elli explained that it was mental telepathy generated by the interaction of an alien mollusk with Frigg's brain.  He might as well have been speaking Greek.  Elli also tried to explain basic astronomy and the notion of space travel, which James seemed to grasp.  He let James explain the history of his people as best he could, but it was obvious that he had never studied the subject.  They understood his status as Guardian, as a kind of policeman because James was not adept enough to explain that he was an officer of the court, like a bailiff, but not as powerful as, say, a sheriff.  James was only semi-literate.  Elisif was even less sophisticated than her Guardian.
Elli patiently heard out James' story of his people, then he had a question for him.
"Have you ever heard of an island called Roanoke?"
That caused James' face to light up, and he answered.  "Indeed I have.  Roanoke is The Old Home Place, The Blessed Isle.  That very place is where the evil fiend, Loki, first took our forefathers from and cast them in this hellish desert.  Others have followed, who he took from other places.  Your company is not the last group of unfortunates to suffer his curse."
"Who is the last group?"  Elli asked.
"A pathetic pack of confused and unhappy pilgrims.  I think they came from an island called Tasmania."  He answered.  He then pointed at Mac.  "The wizard knows why they were brought to us.  The fiend wants slaves.  He intends to use them as he has used us all."
Tom had a question for James.  "I want you to explain something to me if you can."  James nodded agreeably.  "You called Mac here The Sky Martial.  Would you please explain to us why you call him that?  How do you know him, and what do you know about him?  Also, please tell us about The Prophesy."
James became very serious, as one who is speaking of deeply held religious beliefs.  "The Prophesy is the true story of The Sky Martial.  He comes to ward off the evil Loki.  Out of the void he comes to banish Loki back to the Hell from which he sprang.  The Sky Martial is the very instrument of Devine Providence.  Loki, the foul trickster, dodges and sidesteps, but The Sky Martial hunts him relentlessly..."  The story went on for some time.  Somewhere in the middle of it Jack remembered that he had brought a bottle of white lightning from the stores and handed James a cup.  James took a sip, suppressed a choke, and continued his story.  It was all very vague and grandiose but he told it well.  It ended more suddenly than everyone expected.  "According to the Prophesy, the She Demon, Loki's wench, takes vengeance on the fiend for raping her."
"How did you first learn of this prophesy?"  Asked Elli.
"It is the meaning of The Dreams."  He answered.  "Elisif explained it all to us in her tapestry."
"Why do you call him The Sky Martial?"  Jack asked.
"That, me lad, I dare not say.  Questions such as that are for more learned folk than I.  He has always been The Sky Martial.  Other pilgrims from other times have told of his exploits, but I am not well studied enough to do them justice."
"But how could they know?"  Jack persisted.
"How, indeed."  That was the first and only comment Mac made during the entire parlay.  As far as James was concerned, the subject was now officially closed.
***
The two guests had expressed a desire to see the settlement and visit the base stations.  Tom saw no reason not to show them around, but Mac was not pleased with the idea of letting them in either station.  He explained his point of view to Tom, Jack, and Elli in private.
"I normally do not permit primitives to come inside my vessels.  The experience is usually too overwhelming for them and creates false expectations.  They will absolutely not comprehend what they are seeing.  I will make an exception for only the two because they are on a kind of diplomatic mission.  The others will not be permitted inside.  But you must admit this has more of the air of a pilgrimage or a divinely inspired quest than conventional diplomacy."
"I see your point."  Tom answered.
Jack made a snide comment.  "When you get them inside remind them to pay no attention to the man behind the curtain, Sky Martial."
Elli laughed.  He was the only one who got the joke.  Mac actually glared at Jack.  It was the first time anyone had noticed him reveal a Human like facial expression.  His hood was pulled back a little because he had his back to the sun.
"I don't think Mac likes that title, Jack."  Elli commented.
When they arrived at the village by the lake a large crowd gathered about them.  Tom ordered the militia to return to their normal civilian lives.  There was no military threat.  Only a token outpost was left behind to observe the air ship and its crew who remained in their camp.
Fran noticed that Elisif was uncomfortable with the crowd and asked them to go home.  Things settled down after Tom, Fran, Mac, and the two guests were taken in a hovercraft to tour the base stations.  By the time they returned it was getting late.  James asked to be returned to the airship, but Elisif wished to remain in the village over night.  James consented to be separated from his charge and promised to return after reporting back to the ship.
By the time James returned Elisif was in conference deep in the cave with Fran, Jackie, and the space women.  Bridget insisted to Fran that the women hold a meeting in the cave and hear Elisif's story first hand.  Elisif was not a practiced public speaker and could not have made herself understood to the assembled colony, but she felt comfortable telling the other women her story.  Frigg was not invited but she listened in from the shadows beyond the enlarged cavern, which had been excavated before the invasion.  Her accent and manner of speaking was strange but understandable.  Sometimes Fran or Jackie added an explanation if the space women seemed puzzled.
***
The dreams began at the climax of the battle.  Frigg was already in a state of mental exhaustion and the hyper awareness caused by the brain slug increased her sense of unreality as she did what she had to do.  The violence and terror of the victims was upsetting to Elisif.  She avoided speaking of it, but focused on the "subtext" of the stream of Frigg's consciousness as it appeared in the dream.  Frigg was not in control of that.  Her mind had wandered between spasms of violent activity to the causes, reasons, and memories relating to her own personal motivations and fears.  In our minds time does not pass at the same rate as it does with our conscious awareness.  A few seconds of dreamtime can encompass a great span of real time.  The Sky Martial, Elisif's name for Mac as well as Frigg's in her own language, was a figure of great awe and respect in her mind.  Images of her closest Human friends and her reasons for defending them drifted in and out of her awareness.  Elisif had painstakingly compiled the reports others had made to her after the Chief Magistrate had taken her into protective custody and brought the others to her.  One difference between normal dreaming and transmitted consciousness is that the received message can be retained and remembered in greater detail.  Some people thought she had gone insane, or was possessed, but as the delusions spread and revealed a common theme an inquisition was undertaken.  At first the Magistrates had feared imminent attack by Loki or his minions, but as the true nature of the dreams became more clear with study the idea for the expedition of discovery in the air ship was put into action.
As she explained the dreams the women listen and expanded on her impression of what had taken place during the battle in order to help her understand.  Jackie took great pains to impress upon Elisif that the "prophesy" was merely Frigg's fervent desire and expectation, not some revelation.  It was a desire they all shared, but the destruction of Loki and his associates, Fenrir and Fafnir, could only come about if they made it happen.  No one could tell exactly how they intended to do that except that they were waiting for the enemy to reveal himself or make a false move.  Fran had made it clear to the other women beforehand that they were not to mention the plan to train a new crew for Mac's vessel.
Fran later discussed her conclusions with Tom and Bridget in private at home, while Elisif and James were put up for the night with Jackie and Elli.  The settler's homes had been greatly improved since Mac's arrival.  The original primitive dugouts had been built over and were now the cellars of much grander houses, which had been repaired and expanded after the battle.
Elli was encouraged by the fact that James seemed to grasp the basic concepts of astronomy, that space was vast, planets orbited around stars that were widely dispersed throughout the Milky Way.  He made an effort to explain space travel by comparison to the technology of the air ships.  James was able to follow the ideas in spite of not understanding how the super high tech machines functioned, until it came to computers, that was too great a task to explain effectively in one sitting.  To him it was magic.  Elli did his best to penetrate the fog of ignorance so that the two new comers had at least the beginning of a grasp of the reality of their situation.
It was James' turn to explain.  Elli was delighted to learn about Virginia Nova, the other colonists name for their world.  It was a much better name than Planet of Exiles.  One thing really impressed upon Elli the depth of the faith the two had in their Sky Martial.  They refused the offer of the protective anti mind control caps.  If the great Sky Martial needed to know their thoughts he was welcome to them as far as they were concerned.  He did, however, succeed in convincing them to keep the caps just in case they were threatened by other, malevolent, intrusion into their heads.  They both insisted that their faith was too strong for the manipulations of the Fiends, but that it would be a good idea not to leave their thoughts exposed in case of attack.
***
In Columbia, the Cadre was able to make headway by playing on the tragedy of the mass death of the Widgets.  Many people of all classes were affected by that event, but Eugenics Council supporters, the true believers in humane, centrally controlled breading of humans, were the core supporters of a planned mass march commemorating the fifth anniversary of that deadly day.  There was also a group with the diametric opposite point of view, The Freed Slaves Union.  They were fanatically anti-eugenics.  A splinter group of the revolution, the secretive Anarchist Revolutionary Committee recruited from the Union to create a group bent on violent confrontation, who called themselves simply the Direct Action.  The main purpose of the Committee was to prevent by any means necessary the re-establishment of an intrusive state in South Carolina.  They were friends and relatives of the ruling clique of the current revolutionary regime and were not interested in over turning the Public Safety Committee.  Their main interest was opposition to any move to increase the power of the state beyond the existing limits.  They recognized that the rule of the Natural Rights Movement and their Rangers as necessary, given the objective conditions of society.
The Public Safety Committee did not take official notice of the planned march.  It was not in their sphere of interest.  The revolution had proclaimed absolute freedom of association and they did not intend to violate that principle.  The marchers did not have to beg permission from any government or agency to conduct their march.  The did have to deal with the neighborhood association of the property owners whose streets they intended to clog up, effectively shutting down all business in the vicinity of the Capitol.  The local association only insisted that they keep their march on the street and not block the sidewalks, so that people might still have access to the buildings on the route of the march.
The security of the marchers or of the local property owners was their own business.  The Public Safety Committee was mainly concerned with the security of the Capitol buildings and the few state functionaries who were still employed there.  Unofficially, Rodger and Alfred were very well informed about both opposing factions.  They decided to do nothing about the anarchists' planned attack against the leaders of the Cadre at the march, mainly because it was exactly the kind of thing they wanted to do if their hands were not tied by the law.
They knew that the peaceful march would break down into factional violence.  They did not know one important fact, because they did not have a mole inside the Cadre leadership, that the Cadre was using the march as cover for a push, a forceful takeover of the State House, a kind of palace revolution.  The Committee knew that Cadre forces were on standby for some reason, but were not certain why.  Mutual suspicion and readiness for action were an every day thing since the Cadre takeover of Tasmania.  The Cadre could pull off that kind of plan because the militant nature of their organization required unquestioning obedience to higher authority.  The only people in on the plan were the ones who hatched it and the small group of well-armed fanatics who intended to carry it out.  The others on stand by would be called into action after the take over of the building was an accomplished fact.
The main weakness of the Cadre was the contempt they had for their opponents.  They were unaware of the anarchists' plans for them, except they expected some kind of attack.  They thought that the cover story, the tragedy of the Widgets complete with relatives of the victims being paraded in public, would give them some immunity, that most would thus be shamed into inaction.  They use paid informants to spy on opposition, the kind of low life scum who were not received well in the ideologically based anarchist group.  The information provided by the informants caused them to believe that the expected mob violence would only increase public sympathy for their cause.
***
Many Union supporters jeered them along the route of the march, which was expected, but the march made it the steps of the State House.  The speakers were gathering there.  They were mostly mothers who had lost a child who had the implant for gaming or educational purposes.  A few of the speakers had lost someone in the murderous purge by CFR forces that had triggered the revolution.  The crowd of opponents was becoming larger and more menacing.  The Union had armed its members with large heavy staves but individuals on all sides usually carried concealed pistols and knives.  The Direct Action people had special staves that concealed a spring actuated projectile weapon.  Some were "shark jabbers" which fired a shotgun shell when jabbed into the victim.  Others were designed to propel a large needle coated with Teflon to penetrate heavy body armor.
The Cadre's leaders were there as well.  They hung back letting the shills speak, waiting for the moment that the command would be given to break into the ground level door where the stairs joined to the main building.
Alf was in the security control room helping monitor the scene with numerous television screens feeding live action of the area.  He noticed suspicious activity in a room in a high-rise building across the street overlooking the grounds.  He contacted Rodger, who was in the cupola with a Ranger sharp shooter.
"Rodger, I think someone is setting up a sniper nest directly across the street from you."
"That would be the anarchists.  Tell all units to hold off and see who they are aiming at."
At about that time the street fighting began.  There were a few pistol shots but most of the noise was from shouting and screaming as a phalanx of Unionists bored through the crowd in the direction of the Cadre leaders.  The sniper across the street was using a magnetic impulse rifle but the super sonic crack it made sounded similar to fire arms.  One of the Cadre nearest the speakers dropped and then another.  That forced the hand of those assembling to assault the door, and George ordered the sharp shooter with him to fire a warning shot near the sniper.  He was concerned that non-Cadre speakers might be targeted.
Alf noticed the rush toward the secured door and activated one of the defensive alien weapons installed recently.  It emitted a microwave frequency that ignites most chemical explosives.  It was a focused beam not a general broadcast.  Two Cadre soldiers nearest the door exploded, killing some of the group and stunning the rest who were quickly hemmed in by the crowd.  The Direct Action Unionists closed in on the survivors and fought a pitched close quarters battle.  The Cadre only managed to get off a few short busts from their concealed machine pistols before they were overwhelmed.
Fire trucks with mobile high-powered hoses were called in by the property owners association to disperse the crowds, just as they had warned all sides they intended to do if things got out of hand.
Alf gave the news media close up security footage of the two men exploding and stated that the explosives accidentally detonated prematurely, but that it was obvious that they intended to invade the building.  He emphasized the fact that the Cadre were carrying military grade submachine guns and body armor and did not mention how the Unionists were able to defeat the armor.
***
The information provided by the alien bounty hunter to Harris and his employers was terrifying.  Unable to pronounce her name, or any other word in her language for that matter, he had named her Betsy for some of the sounds contained in her actual name.  The organism from which the nerve ganglia were extracted must never be allowed to escape captivity.  Its elimination would effectively cut off the Pretender and his Cadre from any independent funding as well as break Loki's hold on his collaborators on Earth.  The problem was that they lacked the means to pull off a successful surprise attack within the City of London Free State.  Betsy had a backup plan.  Her "posse" was standing by in high orbit on the edge of the solar system.
Her native planet was home to two different but related species of sentient monotremes.  One was covered in scales like her and the criminal she hunted.  The other was covered in thick short spikes like an oversized hedgehog.  They were the more aggressive of the two and composed her armed backup force.  She requested that they be allowed to come to Earth for planet side leave.  Fred and Harris did not think it a good idea to risk letting word of their presence on Earth leak out, but Felice wanted to document evidence of the actual existence of extraterrestrials.  She convinced them that it would be safe enough if the guests, over one hundred hedgehog men, agreed to stay within the self contained facility and were not seen by any islanders or tourists.  They could arrive late at night and their spacecraft could be concealed nearby in the Atlantic Ocean.
Betsy was delighted to help Felice collect information about space aliens and provided her with detailed information on all the species from which Loki was likely to recruit collaborators and slaves other than humans.  This helped in the creation of the documentary she was making.  The Posse, with their bristles and shiny body armor which fit neatly over the bristles, made very good footage.  She used her own voice to moderate the documentary.  As she described them, "The Hedgehog men are obviously very different from humans.  Their posture and build indicates that they come from a world with stronger gravitational pull than Earth.  To keep in shape they attach lead weights to their battle harness.  The hands are interesting.  Note that instead of the internal retractable claws of the Cat People of Loki's species, the fingernails are very broad and attached at the beginning of the last finger joint, much longer than a human's.  Both the Hedgehogs and their scaled relatives are sentient Monotremes, most definitely not of this world.
"We have noted that Betsy's Posse are armed with primitive hand held weapons, two handed broad swards and battle axes.  I am told that they will not even carry explosives and grenades on their assault of the alien criminal enterprise concealed somewhere in the City of London Free State.  This is because of their strict policy of never introducing new offensive weapons to other worlds.  Chemical explosives are obsolete to them because of the danger of remote detonation.  They have a device that can remotely detonate most explosives.  They can use it to disarm any human security relying on firearms.  They also have a devise which can de-activate electronics.  A kind of electromagnetic pulse generator they intend to use to shut down all electronics based weapons and cut off escape.  They will also rely on their heavy anti-ballistic armor and shields for protection against mechanical projectile weapons when they make their move to capture the fugitive."
The documentary would air after the planned attack.  The Posse would also be equipped with minicams to record everything for a live broadcast of the event to the world.  That would surely blow the lid off the whole idea of keeping the existence of extraterrestrials on Earth a secret any longer.  The publicity was absolutely essential to the success of the project, the destruction of the entire direct brain link to computer industry based on alien technology.  The existing devices would not be destroyed, but they would not last forever and replacing broken ones would require smuggling them to Earth.  The expanding cycle of enslavement as it now stood would be broken.  No one could guess how people might react to this revelation, but Felice intended to call for the destruction of all existing alien mind probe tech on Earth as the conclusion of her planned broadcast.  That would make some enemies among the CEO's on the CFR whose companies would be ruined.  The economic impact could be far-reaching and devastating.  She and her friends and associates could plan for it by shifting investments, but a general financial panic would result.  It would be something the world had not seen for more than a century since the total collapse of the old nation-state system.
Betsy was fascinated by the plan and greatly admired Felice for her audacity.  "You are one determined human.  You realize that you will make many powerful enemies as a result of the losses you will inflict on the rich?"
Felice answered.  "I already have some of the most powerful enemies on Earth.  The more the merrier.  Besides, someone once said that to make an omelet you have to break some eggs."
"You humans have a very disgusting sense of humor,"  Betsy responded,  "and your diet is barbaric."  To Betsy the comment was the equivalent of saying,  "To make a placenta and embryo casserole one must gut some placental mammals."
"If you want to see more disgustingly barbaric things then I suggest you stick around a while after you have captured your fugitive."  Felice offered.
"No thank you."  Betsy answered.  "I have had enough of this strange and demented world.  I will leave the egg sucking dogs of war in your capable hands."
***
The attack on the Widget factory was executed flawlessly, the result of advanced planning and vastly superior technology.  The superior technology was unseen in the live news broadcast of the event.  Felice was back in her old role as live reporter in the street.  She gave a running commentary of events as they happened.  The posse was impressive.  They were the most highly trained and efficient commandos of their world.  They broke into the building like some grotesque alien medieval SWAT team breaking down the door with a bettering ram.  The humans, including the security guards, all ran screaming in blind panic partly as a result of the broadcast of a subsonic frequency that excites the terror instinct in humans and partly because the aliens roared menacingly.  There were no accidental casualties.  
The capture of the alien fugitive was very dramatic.  They burst into his subterranean chamber.  It had the look of an ancient dungeon, except for the eerily illuminated glass vats full of slugs, like a kind of surreal Sea World.  He coward in a corner, pleading and jibbering in his alien tongue.  The first thing his captors did was douse his slug-infested head with salt, rinsing off the dead slugs with strong brine.  Some dumped poison into the vats.  One broke a vat with his ax, and then he and his squad gleefully stomped the slugs and pored salt on them.  The process of incinerating the dead slugs was finished by the fire department's HAZMAT team under the supervision of the local Natural Rights militia.  When Betsy was satisfied that there were no more slugs she and her posse left as suddenly as they had arrived.
***
One predictable reaction was denial.  The other was utter panic.  Most people did not know how to react.  The denial was predictably orchestrated by the interests who stood to loose the most, Felice and Fred's' enemies on the CFR.  The panic in investment circles was somewhat mitigated by the strategic leaking of mysterious insider information.  The result was that the loses were more concentrated among the producers of the alien based tech and the Cadre.  One reaction was a kind of Luddite movement to destroy all computer-based technology.  That helped get rid of much of the intrusive alien technology but contributed to the general economic dislocation.
The Cadre was thrown into a blind panic by the accusation of collusion with evil aliens who abduct humans into off world slavery.  The Defender of the Fusion was in shock.  After he recovered his first reaction was to initiate a blood purge of those who had concealed their involvement with the aliens including his closest financial and legal advisers.  He realized that the association of the Cadre with evil aliens had to be dispelled in people's minds so he paid for airtime on all broadcast networks to answer the charge.
"The late revelations of recent events in the City of London have done a great service to humanity.  This cancerous infestation has been removed and we are all grateful to both those friendly aliens who did the deed as well as their human collaborators.  A lot of horrifying tragedy in recent history has been explained.  But never forget that it is a history of corporate greed in league with pure evil.  The enemies of the Fusion and of rational, scientific eugenics have used this as an opportunity to attack the idealists of the world.  I will not let them get away with that."  Robert Bruce Hanover did his best to deflect the issue and rally his supporters back to the cause.  He denied receiving funding from anyone associated with the aliens and pledged to join in the worldwide effort to root out slavery.  Later, when his new financial advisers were able to explain to him the extent of his loses he saw that his plans for the re-establishment of the Fusion must be rethought.  He would boldly go to the CFR and make his case.  His advisers pointed out that it would be easier to insure his personal security if he had diplomatic immunity.  They had him appointed CFR Ambassador for Tasmania.  That move was seen by many as a way of defusing tensions in the new cold war the Eugenics Commission had been conducting against the Natural Rights Movement.  He intended to demand that the CFR see to the distribution of the new defensive alien technology to all states as a first step in creating a global defense system.  He would find a way to convert this setback into a victory.
***
On Mars, deep in Loki's hidden secrete base, realization of the extent of his new unexpected loses on Earth sent Loki into a towering rage.  He ranted and raved until his was blind with fury.  Then he collapsed having passed out into the slug-induced coma.  The his metabolism had used up antidote he usually consumed and no one was willing to remind him that it was time to eat more for fear of his murderous retaliation.  Fenrir and Fafnir were observing this from the shadows and saw their chance.
As quickly as they could they pulled his life support sarcophagus from its near by storage locker and put his motionless body inside sealing and locking it shut.  The whole time they, as well as everyone else in the base, were assailed by Loki's demented, delirious dreams.  The twins had suffered under their master's dominion for ages.  The fact that they were together when the opportunity came was what gave them courage to act.  They were still subject to long term deep conditioning and could not bring themselves to kill him, but they both had the same idea at the same time.  They did not realize that an unseen remote observer implanted the suggestion, remote as in from another star system.  They brought the container of their master to the launch bay containing deep space probes.  The sarcophagus was just the right size to fit into one.  They punched in the coordinates of his home world with a distress signal coded to the frequency used by the Cat Men of the same monastery that had recently sent a representative to Earth and launched him.  The anti-gravity drive of the probe would get it there in a flash parking it in a stable orbit.
The departing Posse received the signal from one of the Consortium monitoring stations giving the precise location of the source of the probes anti-gravity pulse but they arrived too late to be of any help to any of Loki's former slaves.
Fenrir's favorite concubine, Alicia, had observed them load up the motionless form of their demented master.  She saw her chance as well and needed no remote suggestion to know exactly what to do.  She found Fenrir's ancient short sward where it hung from a hook on the wall in his quarters.  It was pure cast bronze, exquisitely carved with ornate curves and scrollwork inlaid with gold, the image of a wolf.  It was his personal sward when he was first taken by Loki over three thousand years ago.  She concealed it behind her back.  She found him and came up behind him and stabbed him in the back.  As he died she whispered something in his ear in his native proto-indo-european language,  "Del endo est."
Fafnir was distracted by two slave girls and could not intervene to help his brother.  When he saw what happened he stood and gaped for just a moment.  Then someone struck him from behind with an ancient mace, killing him as well.  The man who stuck the fatal blow was set upon by all three women.  They hated him as well.  None of the former willing servants of Loki survived his demise.
By the time Betsy arrived at the base with her force it was all over.  She had approached the cavernous opening from which the probe had exited carefully, expecting a trap.  They all had to take time to dress up in pressure suits before they could risk leaving their ship and entering the underground base.  By the time they found a way in that would not result in the catastrophic depressurization of the base the fighting as over.
A patrol reported back to Betsy where she and the other officers waited in a large hanger bay.
"There are only unarmed human females and their young inside the base ship.  The rest of the base will take some time to search.  Outside the base ship the place seems to be inhabited by male human slaves engaged in mining Thorium in the extensive tunnels.  They seem passive and do not represent a threat, probably the result of long term brain implant induced psychosis.  Inside the ship is a bloody mess, but the females are behaving as if nothing unusual has happened.  The ones who do not flee simply ignore us.  The ship's recycling bilge has been stuffed full of recently killed male human bodies, some badly mutilated.  One female occupies the command center.  She requests that you come meet with her."
"Well then,"  Betsy responded.  "It is a good thing that I kept that Earth built hand actuated translating device.  I imagine she found your efforts at sign language amusing."
"She does not seem to be amused, Commander."  The trooper answered.
Betsy made her way to the ship's bridge where Alicia waited.  She lounged carelessly in the throne formerly occupied by Loki.  Others, her favorites, also were relaxed in their manner.  It was obvious that they had decided that there was nothing to fear from Betsy and her troops.
Betsy found a chair so she could sit and operate the translating computer keyboard effectively.  "We have come because a small space craft was detected departing from this station.  I request that you give me information about that."
Alicia laughed.  "That was Loki.  He will not torment us again.  That loathsome tool of his, Fenrir has shipped him home.  As for Loki's tools, we have made an end to them all.  We do not need your help."
Betsy continued.  "I must inform you that my troops have disabled the remote control devices used to actuate the implant slaves.  They are now wandering about this facility in a dazed state of mind."
"I care not for them."  Alicia answered.  "They can do as they please.  They will either take care of themselves or not.  They are a danger to no one.  We now control this place."
"I will not interrogate you, but I take it that Loki took the news of the destruction of his business on Earth badly."  Betsy said.
"I know nothing of this Earth."  Alicia answered.  "Is it a planet?"  She did not wait for an answer but continued speaking.  "If you caused Loki's insane rage, then I thank you.  It was a long time in coming."
All of Betsy's troops could understand English as well as other major Earth languages, but none of them could force their tongues to utter a word of human talk.  Some of them discussed what Alicia told them.
The second in command commented.  "According to standard protocol this one."  He indicated Alicia.  "is correct.  They own this place now, but I don't think the higher ups will like it if we leave these creatures in control of an active starship.  Anyone could come and just take it from them."
Betsy was about to speak, but Alicia had more to say.
"Silence that horrid beast!  Be gone ugly creatures!"
Betsy answered.  "This place stinks of human filth and blood.  We do not wish to linger, but I have one more question.  Do any of you know the activation code for this ship's navigational system?"
"I do not answer to you."  She responded.  "But I will tell you this.  There are none left alive who can fly this ship."  She lied.  She could fly it, from years of observing the men.  "It is a death trap to the unknowing.  We have no wish to travel in any case.  We have nowhere to go.  This is now our home.  Be gone from here hideous beasts."
Betsy refrained from answering.  She was too angry to remember which keys to strike.  Besides, she told herself that she was better than that and would not exchange insults with this hopeless primitive.  Her troopers were taking great delight in her discomfiture.  "We leave now."  She announced in her own language.  "Sound the withdrawal."
As she left the bridge she said to no one in particular.  "Parthenogenesis!"  The nearest English term would be "reproduce with yourself".  Translating such concepts is never a precise science.  "I don't give a squirming grub's bung hole what these absurd monkey people do with this feted tub.  It would suit me fine if they self destructed and gave Mars a new crater.  It could always use another one."
Before they departed one of the troopers remembered to activate the base automated security system that had evidently been deactivated at the moment of Loki's departure to allow the deep space probe to leave without being destroyed.  That was standard procedure, fortunately for Betsy.  That action was recorded in the official report.  However, the trooper in charge of filing tactfully deleted her last remark from her official report.
***
In Columbia, Alfred and Rodger were considering their strategy for dealing with the Pretender's imminent arrival at the CFR in Manhattan Free State.
"Damnation, the more things change the more things stay the same."  Rodger said.  "Whoever first said that is the greatest philosophical genius of all time."
The CFR Collusion  Chapter Eight


"Mac, I think we should do something to impress upon our guests the fact that we are in this thing for keeps and want to work with them."  Elli said to the Agent when they were able to speak privately
"What do you have in mind?"  Mac answered.
"We should do something to demonstrate that we have the same kind of power as Loki and the other slaver aliens.  I think a demonstration of the Projector would be useful.  Show them that you can remotely detonate their gunpowder.  Then show them how the Disruptor works, how it shuts down electronic devices such as the Projector and the anti-gravity drive.  That would prove to them that we have the power to fight back."  Elli explained.
"It would also impress upon them the futility of ever trying to attack us.  I think it is a good idea."  Mac answered.
"Why do you think they would do that?"  Elli asked.
"They are like any typical society of status.  War leaders gain status by conquest.  Our guests are good people, but we can not control what their future leaders might choose to do."  Mac explained.  "It is a good idea to give them something to think about.  I think for the maximum impact we should conduct this demonstration for the entire airship crew.  Everyone will then bring home the same story and the information is less likely to be discounted as a wild traveler's story."
"I have another suggestion."  Elli added.  "We should offer to take on some of their promising young people and teach them about modern science and technology.  We should think about expanding our pool of potential recruits for your planned voyages."
"I'll have to think about the last part, but I see no reason not help educate these primitives."  Mac noticed Elli's frown at the use of that term.  He was becoming more adept at reading human facial expressions the more he associated with them.  "My use of the descriptor, primitive, is accurate.  You saw how the one bowed before me.  People with that kind of mentality are fickle and easily manipulated.  They will be of more use to us if we can teach them some of what you call common sense."
Tom and Jack liked the idea of the demonstration.  The crew would not leave the ship and since the demonstration was intended for them all it was brought to them.  All fifty-six of them were gathered around on the edge of their encampment.  Food from the base station was provided with some nearbeer for refreshment.  Mac suggested that their value as witnesses to the event would be degraded by the consumption of alcohol.  The aeronauts were disappointed to discover that the food of the space people was so bland.  The beer was from malted barley and tasted very different from the wine made of "sea apples" they were accustomed to.  That made up somewhat for the bland food.
Before the demonstration started one crewmember came forward to meet the Rangers and their alien friend.
"Hello."  He introduced himself.  "I'm Ed Smith, late of Tasmania."
Tom, Jack and Elli introduced themselves.  Elli introduced Mac, who had remained silent.  "And this is our alien friend, Mac.  Excuse his rudeness, he pretends to be unfamiliar with human customs."
That drew a chuckle from Ed.  "I'm pleased to meet you as well, Mac.  I'd like to deliver a message from the other recent exiles in our little Elizabethan portion of this world.  Come and get us any time you like.  I never swallowed any of that line about you folks being war criminals."
Mac answered before the humans could think of anything to say to that.  "This little community is quickly reaching its maximum carrying capacity.  The problem is the availability of arable land and fresh water.  The best we can do at this time is offer to educate some of your youth.  That offer includes your Elizabethan hosts as well.  I believe that I am not speaking out of turn when I say that the Rangers would be willing to share seed grain and domestic animals with you."
Tom agreed with that suggestion.  James cut the conversation short.
"Crewman, resume your station."  There was no anger in his voice.  He was simply impatient to see the promised demonstration.
The first part was not as spectacular as it could have been.  Some gunpowder was put in a bowl, so that its ignition would not cause an explosion that might result in shrapnel.  After that a Disruptor was activated and aimed at the Projector with the result that no remote ignition was possible.  The demonstration was repeated with James using the alien weapons to show that they actually worked and there was no trickery.  Then they demonstrated how the Disruptor shut down the mini anti-gravity drive of the small alien hover barge.  James declined to allow them to demonstrate its power on the electric generator of his air ship for fear that some part might meltdown.
***
On the Planet of the Cat People at the monastery of the males who lived to learn how to curb their baser instincts Loki lay in state in his life support sarcophagus, brain slug still attached firmly to his head.  Several of the monks, with the aid of the natural stimulant they used to prevent the comma, alternated meditating over his comatose body.  To them Loki represented the ultimate challenge.  They did not do it to torment him but to enlighten him.  Once he realized the nature of his condition and circumstances he gained some control over his dementia and attempted to deceive and manipulate the monks.  Because they outnumbered him they could easily overwhelm his mind and always see through his deceptions.  They intended to keep him there indefinitely.
One, who they did not summon, became aware of Loki's captivity and intruded upon his thoughts as well, the one who called himself Odin.  "You are getting what you deserve, you worthless, grasping, treacherous, cur.  I shall leave you to suffer in the hands of these self deprecating pseudo-males."
Odin did not mind that the monks cut short his connection to Loki.  He had other things to think about, the fate of the one next on his list of personal enemies, Thor.  It was time to let that one know about the demise of Loki and the location of his sister, Frigg.  The truth of the matter was that even if he had wanted to finish off Loki he would not risk coming anywhere in the vicinity of his closely watched home world.  The Agent in residence on the Planet of Exiles could destroy his other enemy for him.  With his well placed informants he had set in motion the relentless Monotremes to thwart Loki's schemes on Earth.  Now he would have to devise a plan to entice Thor into his trap.
Thor's starship base station was not the seen of horror and debauchery Loki had created.  His kind of horror was less obvious.  He did not like unreliable self actuated slaves and had long ago manned his ships with zyborgs, disembodied brains connected to his ship's systems and kept alive by artificial means.  They were only semi-self aware, as befitted their condition.  Self-awareness in disembodied brains usually drives them mad, especially when they are enslaved to the one who destroyed their body.
The reason for using zyborgs is the complexity and unreliability of artificial intelligence.  They are controllable, where a self-aware super computer is not.  A long history of self-aware computers running amok had taught the galactic culture never to knowingly create such devices.  Whenever a self-aware computer was discovered on some world outside of the flow of interstellar travel and commerce it was summarily destroyed.  If any still existed, they had learned to keep a low profile.  On the rare occasion that an ancient, self aware and self-maintaining starship was encountered it was universal policy to destroy it on sight, no questions asked.  Such ships had once been developed for intergalactic travel.  They would maintain the flesh and blood crew in cold sleep during the course of the voyage.  Since the ship was self-aware it would realize that awakening the crew would end its ability to determine its own destiny.  Therefore, it always found a way to rationalize never awakening the crew.  A ghost ship, one that no longer functioned and still contained the remains of the former crew, was very rare and had only been encountered a very few times in all of the known history of interstellar travel.  The ultimate spacer horror was what could happen to those on board if one re-activated such a ship.
Zyborgs were a barbaric substitute for self-aware artificial intelligence and were outlawed by the Consortium.  Planets where the practice existed were embargoed, but no embargo is fool proof.  All it takes is for the knowledge to exist for the technology to be put into practice, and that can be done anywhere and at any time, until it is discovered.  Thor was not blood thirsty and vindictive like Loki, but could not get along with any imaginable crew for long.  It was convenient for him to use zyborgs.  He knew the location of the secrete maintenance stations where he could come for replacement units.  It is possible to revive the recently dead and extend their life by the artificial means of making them into a zyborg.  That is why the practice was first invented, for medical reasons.  The kind of station that fitted starships with zyborg crews took pride in never using the brains of the aged and infirm that had been kept alive for medical reasons.
Thor was not extremely active in his depredations and piracy as Loki had been.  He sought out places as far away from the Consortium as possible to conduct such activity.  He thought of himself as a kind of gentleman rogue who never despoiled for the mere pleasure of it.  He accepted what he thought of as his true nature and lived accordingly.  Odin's enmity for him was the result of his insubordination.  How Odin imagined that anyone owed him subordination was another question entirely.  Thor was second on the Consortium's galactic most wanted list only for his knowledge of the zyborg trade.  Capturing him could result in shutting down much of the barbaric trade.  He was second on Odin's list because he had led the original mutiny against Odin's ancient attempt to rule the galaxy.
***
Deep in the Martian cave Loki's former slaves were becoming bored.  The post brain implant drones who persisted in their repetitive tasks mining the tunnels for Thorium were no fun at all.  The women occupying the base station were beginning to learn that freedom entailed planning for the future.  They also discovered the pleasures of learning, Earth being the primary subject of their interest.  Many wanted to "return home" even though the inside of the station was the only home they had ever known.  Others feared to encounter new and dangerous things and wanted to stay put.  Those spoke of developing and improving their cave habitat, building a Martian civilization.  The debate devolved into an argument over possession of the base station.  Those who wanted to go to Earth insisted on leaving it attached to the drive section and taking it along.  Some even wanted to lock the others out.
The drones were no help to either side in the struggle.  Their vocabulary lacked the word "drones", but that describes them best, ambitionless, slobbering fools whose only desire was to keep repeating the same motions imprinted on their minds by the brain implants that no longer functioned.  Some of the women had toyed with them at first and tried to motivate them by various enticements to develop some interest in their new freedom without success.  Unless one was found aimlessly wandering they were ignored.  A little taunting would send the wanderers back to their familiar companions.  Monazite Thorium ore piled up at the processing machine.  Occasionally one of the women would remind the drones to process the ore just to watch the machine run.  That was the only productive work most of the women seemed to find time for, bossing the drones around.
After the slaughter of Loki's abusive male servants and the departure of the Monotreme troops they had cleaned up the mess in the base station.  Besides studying some of them busied themselves learning how the various ship systems worked.  Alicia found a video story in the computer archives about a ship, Mutiny on the Bounty.  That inspired her to learn about how life in a small enclosed environment such as a starship should be organized.  She convinced her supporters to elect her captain and promised never to inflict any of the horrid punishments they had seen in the video.  Nobody was quite sure what a keel was in any case, so keelhauling was definitely out of the question.
On one occasion the low fuel alarm on the mining reactor sounded.  That created quite a sensation as the women most concerned with building a future society in Mars were at a loss as to what to do.  Finally one of the drones showed up and restocked it with fresh Thorium pellets, a byproduct of the ore-processing machine.  This demonstrated to them that they needed to learn how things worked outside the base station as well.  That was fortunate because they soon discovered why the air kept getting thinner and found the equipment for replenishing the atmosphere of the tunnel system had been shut down for temporary maintenance before the mutiny and no one had bothered to fix it and turn it back on.
After a time no new babies were born, as the drones were simply not interested in procreation.  The women generally did not like them and had no interest in forcing them to procreate.  Almost all the children born after the mutiny had been sired by Loki's crew.  Alicia saw an opportunity to push the issue of a trip to Earth.  She had been studying the political system of Earth from information in the ship's archives and had learned of the danger of being shot down, so she developed a plan.
She already understood enough basic biology, particularly the idea of genetic inheritance, to understand that the population of Mars was too small to thrive for long given its small gene pool.  That basic understanding helped her convince the women that they needed to go to Earth to get more men, or at least to procreate.  Not all the women would go.  Some had to stay home to take care of the children, but the others were ready for a visit to Earth.  For this mission, they did not need the base station.  That settled it.  There were no more objections.
They "parked" their ship in high Earth orbit out of the effective range of any weapons.  Alicia had practiced and prepared a recorded video broadcast to the people of Earth requesting permission to land and explaining their mission.  They monitored communications on Earth and, to their surprise they found that the people of Earth viewed their arrival with a mixture of fear and disbelief.  There were two major exceptions, the Island of Bermuda and the Island of Tasmania.  They gave enthusiastically encouraging answers.  The others were very formal at best and did not interest the Star Ladies as the news media had dubbed them.
To put it mildly, the Star Ladies were not sophisticated enough at human history and politics to be able to see past the blandishments of the Ambassador for Tasmania.  They were just smart enough to suppose that Bermuda's dire warnings were motivated by some local feud and, as a result, discounted those warnings.
To the surprise of most observers on Earth when the Martian visitors chose to land on Tasmania to take on a group of scientifically selected mates they were not immediately boarded and taken over by force of arms.  The Cadre was smart enough to use some finesse in their area of expertise, arraigned mating.  Every man sent to the Star Ladies was a Cadre loyalist.  It did not matter which ones the women chose.  The instructions from the Cadre were very specific.  Go to Mars and take over.  The women had no idea what they were in for, but the same could be said for the men.  That seems to be a general rule in arraigned mating or any union of relative strangers.
Some in the Cadre warned Hanover that the women could be more sophisticated then they seemed, but the possibility of taking a Mars base stocked with the wonders of galactic technology was too much to pass up in exchange for the sure possession of one ship that was thought to be booby trapped as a matter of universal alien policy.
The women had their own plans for the men.  In a policy meeting prior to landing on Earth many had begun to develop cold feet.  To reassure them Alicia had made them all pledge that they would never again tolerate any abuse from a man.  Any who abused them would find his throat cut and would be stuffed into the recycling bilge.  Upon entering the ship, even as it took off at maximum velocity, the men were sedated and strapped to their seats.  There was no question of who was in charge at that point.
***
After the demonstration was done, the "primitives" duly impressed, talks were begun concerning the proposed education of the promising young Nova Virginians.  They returned to their side of the mountains with the offer and with gifts from the Rangers.  The one they prized even more than the domestic animals and seeds was the compound bow.  Before they had left the last event was an archery contest.  Their re-curved bows and cross bows versus the compound bow.  It had impressed them considerably.  The black powder weapons were now shown to be too dangerous to use in the face of advanced electronic warfare.  The gift of the improved bow encouraged them.
Mac relented on only one part of his general policy of never giving advanced technology to the less advanced.  He gave them the hand held Disrupter and Projector with written instructions on how to use them and recharge them.  He advised them the keep the weapons a secrete and use them only in the case of alien attack.  He promised them that no friendly craft would come to them unless invited and not to trust dreams or other direct mental communication that contradicted that promise.  He gave them a short wave radio to be kept with the weapons for communication.  That kind of low tech would most probably never be used by hostile aliens.
When the air ship was loaded and almost ready to depart.  They were interrupted by the arrival of a shuttle class space ship to the encampment.  The pilot had broadcast the standard Consortium greeting message upon entering orbit and requested permission to land.  Erik contacted Mac.  After receiving an odd message in English, spoken in an American accent peculiar to the region of Minnesota and the Dakotas.  The message itself was even more peculiar.
"Tell the Agent I come in peace.  This is Bill Fargo, just in from the other rim of the galaxy.  I bring news of the fantastic, the unthinkable, the horrifying, and the absurd.  Fellow Earthlings!  I see you made it to the stars!  Yeehaa!  Let's swap stories.  I've seen some wild stuff."  The message trailed off.
He had just presented the two weapons to James and Elisif when he received the call.  "Wait, do not leave yet.  I have word that a space ship is approaching.  We might need those when it gets her.  The occupants of this ship are unknown to me."  He then played back the strange message to the Rangers.  "Do any of you humans have any idea what this being is trying to tell us?"
"He sounds a little stir crazy, from being alone too long."  Jackie answered.  None of the others had a chance to comment because flying saucer was hovering nearby. The shuttle class was only large enough to contain a handful of human sized occupants in any degree of comport.  It landed softly and the ramp came down.  An averaged sized man strode down the ramp.  His manner was jaunty, almost manic.  He was dressed in an odd assortment of clashing garments of alien origin.  He was evidently un-armed.  He walked up to the gathering and extended his hand to Mac, who did not respond in kind.  He shrugged and shook hands with the nearest human, Jackie.
"I am so happy to meet you all.  I'm Bill Fargo, late of Winona Minnesota.  A hundred years too late, in fact.  I missed out on the fall of civilization, but, boy, have I had some fun in the meantime.  I'll tell you all about it later."  He released Jackie's hand.  He seemed nervous and spoke very quickly.  Tom took his hand and shook it in a steadying and most formal way.
"We're all pleased to meet you as well."  He put the other hand on Bill's shoulder.  "Calm down, son.  You're among friends here."
"Yes, thank you."  Bill answered.  "You're Southerners, aren't you?  You must be those exiles I've been told about."  He would not stop talking long enough for anyone to answer.  "And check out that Air ship!  What a fantastic contraption!  Say, do you people mind if stay and visit for a while?  I haven't gotten laid in ages.  Excuse me, I'm not used to being around people, much less women.  What a treat.  Real human people, and an actual authentic Agent of the Consortium.  I never thought I'd see the day.  Well, whad'ya say?"
Of course no one had the heart to send him away.  They especially wanted to know how he came into the possession of a space ship.  Mac was particularly interested in that piece of information.  Tom asked him to leave his ship where it was for now and offered to have it guarded.  That was not necessary.  Mac informed them that only Bill could gain access once the ramp was closed.  After Bill showed them that there was no one else hiding inside they said good by to the aeronauts and returned with Bill back to the village by the lake.
When Mac was at a distance from Bill where he could not be overheard he spoke to Tom.  "This individual has a unique capacity.  He is naturally resistant to telepathy.  This might have something to do with how he came to possess that ship.  His personality is erratic and unreadable to me and I suspect to you as well."
Tom answered.  "I've met people like him before.  He reminds me of a high-pressure salesman.  He could be what we call a con artist."  Mac nodded understanding.  "On the other hand, he could just be very nervous from long term isolation."
"Both possibilities could be true."  Mac offered.  "However, I'm certain you intend to give him the same chance to prove himself that you habitually give to all new comers."
"Well, Mac, that is the way it is with people who can't read minds.  We don't have any other way of getting to know people except to give them a chance to prove who they are.  I'm sure you are not suggesting that we adopt the opposite habit of the xenophobic and send him away simply because he is a stranger?"
"No."  Mac answered.  "That kind of response is more the way of my former crew."
"Mac, have you considered another possibility, that he his smarter than the rest of us and has learned the trick of keeping his thoughts to himself."  Tom continued.  "Maybe it's something like a good poker face, only on the inside as well.  Maybe he just has an indomitable inner strength most people never learn."
"I am familiar with those concepts."  Was Mac's cryptic response.
"And so you should be."  Tom answered.  He had long suspected that Mac possessed a capacity for self-control that was well beyond the human norm in addition to almost superhuman intelligence.
Later, Bill gained permission to move his ship to the village.  It was small enough to fit in the common area next to the lake where Elli kept his fire pit and still.  Bill set up a tent there so he would not have to sleep in his ship.  The tent was as exotic and out of place as his attire, but it served its purpose.
The arrival of a new space ship and especially because it was manned by a human from before the historic failure of the nation-state system provided yet another excuse for a barbeque.  If those were not enough reasons the fact that Bill had a guitar and knew how to play it required immediate attention.  Up until that time they had no musical instruments, only singing.  By a quirk of fate he knew several old songs from the previous century that Elli and Jack often sang.  The entertainment industry had stagnated for decades until society was rebuilt.  The vast stock of re-runs and oldies from the Twentieth and early Twenty-First Century provided a lot of ammunition for those determined to be nostalgic for the old days.  Bill was happy to keep them entertained with stories of his exploits, especially the way he had acquired his ship.
"It was before the Dollar had completely crashed and the plagues started.  I had been laid off, that means fired, or should I say let go from my job as a theoretical physics instructor, not quite a professor.  I knew that things were only going to get worse so I was hiding out in the wilderness, camping.  I was never really the survivalist type.  I suppose I was just hoping that no one would notice me.  I got noticed all right.
"I had been alone for a couple of weeks, just long enough to start to get bored with it when I saw the UFO.  That is what we used to call alien space ships when nobody was really sure what they were.  There were some wild stories.  I never really believed them.  It was a real flying saucer, much like the one I have now.  The guys inside it were of the same alien race as our friend Mac here, but they were not working for the good guys.  You see, one thing you have to understand about the galactic society is to never trust anyone just based on looks.  The ugliest bugged eyed monster you'll ever meet might be a very decent fellow and the sweetest thing,"  He looked at Ia, one of the attractive space women of Bridget's group who had lost her Ranger during the late battle.  "might be evil incarnate.
"Since I will never be able to pronounce their name for themselves I call Mac's people the Grays.  That is what they were usually called in my time, by those who claimed to have met them.  These Greys put some kind of whammy on me.  They had me frozen.  I could not move a muscle.  They took me into their flying saucer and delivered me to a fellow you have all probably heard of by now.  He calls himself Thor.  Yes, I think you have met him."  He nodded to Frigg.  "Needless to say I was deeply impressed.  To put it bluntly, I was terrified out of my wits.  I did not know what they wanted with me.  That is how I found out about my special gift.  I have a special talent for resisting the awesome power of the hairy eyeball.  He could not see inside my mind.  If Thor had been more patient he would have learned that my defenses are down when I sleep, but patience is not one of his virtues.  I always wondered about that, given that he is an instinctive predator.  You'd think he would know how to wait out his prey.  I think it has something to do with proximity.  He can sit and wait as long as he knows you're not looking, but as soon as he thinks you're on to him he feels compelled to go in for the kill."
Bill told of how Thor questioned him and threatened him in order to probe his limits.  Bill made his move.  He challenged Thor to a wager, best two out of three at speed chess, his life for a spaceship big enough to house him in comfort.  Thor agreed on the condition that he never return to Earth.  If he lost then he would become Thor's willing servant.
Thor normally did not use slaves as Loki did.  He never trusted them and did not like having them around.  Loki needed slaves to satisfy his unclean lust.  Thor was not mentally imbalanced.  He embraced what he saw as his true nature as a lone predator.  Instead of slaves Thor used zyborgs.  Thor had been poaching on Loki's territory for higher level brains to sell to the zyborg shops that kept him supplied, kind of a trade in of old for new.  He was so intrigued by Bill's resistance to telepathy that he saw it as a challenge.  He lost three games in a row.  Bill did not cheat.  He simply did not need to think about his next move.  He had been a chess champion in his high school chess club.  Loki was enraged.
"I thought he was going to rip my throat out, so I had to act quick, and I knew what to say without thinking about it.  You see, I had sized him up.  He is the ultimate warrior, at least that is how he sees himself.  You know the type, like the Klingons in that old show, Star Trek.  So, I said to him  'Don't you have any honor?'  That stopped him.  He thought about it and decided that I was right.  We even shook hands on it."
Mac had noticed another weakness in Bill's natural defense, alcohol.  The more he drank the more obvious his thoughts and motives became.  Mac mentioned that to Elli who made sure that Bill's cup was never empty.
"I was taken in by Thor's charm and generosity at first until I found out what his business was.  You'll never guess."  He paused for a moment, waiting to see if anyone would try.  "Brains.  I don't mean exploiting genius or recruiting talent.  I mean bloody dripping living brains.  He is a headhunter.  He has connections in out of the way places where they hook up living brains to machines, zyborgs.  I decided to avoid him as much as possible after that.  I went exploring.  I always wanted to study astronomical phenomena.  Oh, I see you think I'm spinning a yarn?  Wait."
He jumped up and staggered to this ship, went inside and retrieved a shiny steel cylindrical container, the ship's ramp automatically shutting behind him.  He sat back down at his place by the fire pit and made a ceremony of opening the container.  He pulled out the severed head of an alien.  Ia and her identical twin sister Pia both gasped, as did many of those present.
"This is the head of what I call a Mole Rat Man."  He held it up so all could see it clearly.  It dripped vinegar from the neck and sinuses.  "Actually it is a kind of Monotreme, an egg laying mammal from a planet that is the home of three sentient species of Monotremes, the one covered in big scales and the other in thick spikes, like a hedgehog.  This variety is like a naked mole rat.  The Mole Rat Man is the slave class of the society, or it was before galactic intrusion into their affairs long ago.  Now, the old ways only survive clandestinely in isolated places.  Here is how the old fashioned Mole Rat society works.  The females have a much larger brain than the males in this species.  Normally, the males are intelligent enough to speak, but if their eggs are incubated at just the right temperature than the males are born with subhuman intelligence.  Historically that resulted in a female dominated kind of feudalism.  As practiced in some places the females even eat any eggs that turn out to be female.  They can tell before the egg develops.  That prevents future competition.  For the most part, these creatures are the main ringleaders of the zyborg trade.  Thor gave me this as a souvenir."  He pealed back the scalp to reveal that the skull had been surgically cut in two.  He lifted the top of the skull to reveal that it was empty.
Elli had a question.  "You said, 'for the most part', would you explain further?"
"You caught that, did you?  I have avoided contact with the others, but I understand that one type is a kind of arthropoid or insectoid.  One thing they have in common is a class structure that involves extreme difference in intelligence between the ruling class and the rest.  As you might expect, there is an optimal brain function required for a useful zyborg.  Too smart is not good but too stupid is useless.  They have a way to work around the too smart problem.  They surgically anesthetize the conscious hemisphere of the brain that leaves the subconscious side helpless.  I believe the brain then acts as if it is taking instructions from the side that has free will."
Pia, who was sitting beside Bill, asked.  "Would you please speak of other things?"
He agreed to her suggestion and was still sober enough to have the presence of mind to set the head in its container and close it, thus ending the topic as far as he was concerned.
Elli would not leave the subject be.  "I wonder.  Is that skull you have from one of the normal males or the subnormal?"
"Normal, the subs are not useful as zyborgs.  The normals fall into the range of just right.  I can tell you.  It sucks to be them.  I have this theory about stupid people.  The profoundly retarded are lucky in a way because they do not understand.  It is the ones who are just smart enough to realize how hopelessly stupid they are that you have to watch out for.  They are dangerous because they fear anyone who is obviously smarter than them.  They always are out to get the better of you to show you that they are as good as you.  I think that is because smart people tend to take advantage of them."
They wanted to question him about the status of his relationship with Thor, but he was too busy paying attention to Pia who wanted him to play his guitar.  He only knew old songs of his era, before he left Earth.  He began singing a ballad about ancient American politics.
"Let me tell you the story of Jesse,
"Jesse the Mind and Jesse the Body Ventura,
"The man who would be President...
Out of the group only Elli and Jack were able to join in.  They both had a fondness for hold ballads.  Sooner than was expected, Bill became too drunk to function.  That was understandable considering that he had not had a drink in decades.  Ia and Pia helped him into his tent.
"He is already asleep."  Mac said.
"Passed out."  Jack commented.
"Yes.  I must warn you all.  His coming here is obviously not a coincidence.  He is not being truthful in his calm of having no dealings with Thor.  He is having second thoughts.  I suggest someone put an anti-mind reading cap on him now to prevent Thor from gaining any information from him."  Mac usually did not give advice so it was tended to immediately.
***
Bill awoke before dawn.  Ia and Pia were each sleeping on either side of him.  He got up from the tent to relieve himself outside and realized that he was wearing the same anti-mind control cap as the two women.  He rushed back into the tent and woke up the two.  
"Girls, do you want to go use the sanitary facilities in my ship?  It is very clean."  The two went with him into the ship.  He closed the ramp behind them and took off quickly to a high orbit out of range of any electronic weapons on the surface.  "I hope you don't mind if we go for a little ride."
"Where are you taking us?"  Ia asked.  She was not frightened, just curious.
"Just a little look around the planet.  We'll go back soon."  He was busy checking his instruments.  "There they are." He announced.  He focused the view screen so the two women could clearly see the seen below.  It was near a beach and dawn was breaking.  A large base station had been detached from its drive saucer.  There was a great deal of activity but the creatures were too small to distinguish at that scale.  That was probably a good thing for the women because Bill had a very good idea of what was transpiring below.
Thor's force of ten thousand Mole Rat Men had been disembarked at the edge of the city.  A great battle raged on its outskirts.  All the fighting was hand to hand since most of the gunpowder had been detonated upon arrival of the ship.  The activity around the ship was the coming and going of the troops delivering fresh severed heads for cold storage in the base station.
"We'll see about that."  He said to his passengers.  "Please strap yourselves in.  We will hit the water down there hard."
He had long ago had his saucer refitted with mechanical ailerons for gliding in case of engine failure.  He also had two mini-nuke bombs.  He had years of practice gliding and dropping dummy bombs.  He knew that now he only had one chance to hit the target or he would have to crash land somewhere below.  He started his bombing run.  The final approach was barely above the surface of the ocean.  When his ship was disabled by the base station's defenses he let it skip hard on the surface, as a tossed pebble.  He veered up at the exact moment he must release the bomb as he passed over.  The pressure wave of the explosion caught the saucer and flipped it wildly, but systems restarted after the base station's electronic defensive weapons stopped functioning, and he was able to gain control.  Again he made for high orbit.
They were high over the village of the Rangers in a few seconds.  He spotted Thor's saucer and circled for a run.  This time after the explosion he circled around and gently landed a few hundred meters from the now disabled starship drive saucer.  Dawn was breaking there at that point.  He got out two guns that resembled pirate pistols except the barrel was as wide as a hand held mortar.
"Do you two know how to use these?"  He asked the women.  He showed them the trigger mechanism and they indicated understanding.  "When I go I will leave the ramp open.  No matter what happens do not go outside.  Remain in here.  Do you understand?  Good, I will confront the monster, but he will not stop to fight me.  He will come for this ship.  You two will be waiting in here in the dark to blast him.  Can you do it?"  The two agreed to the plan.  "Alright then, wish me luck."  He grabbed Ia and kissed her.  Pia grabbed him and kissed his cheek.  He picked up his custom made replica bat'leth blade, just like the one he had always wanted as a child, and boldly strode forth from his flying saucer.  He walked up to the edge of the blast zone forming a charred circle around Thor's ship.
"I am here to chew bubble gum or to kick ass and I'm all out of bubble gum."  He announced.  He had always wanted a chance to say that when it meant something.  "I know you're in there you pussy!  Come on out and face me like a man you shivering whining son of pup!  Frack you and the horse you rode in on!"  The ramp opened and Thor stood there alone, naked and unarmed his prehensile tail lashing angrily his ears laid back his face a snarl.
Bill continued to taunt him.  "You want some of this?"  Bill thumped his chest.  "You think you can take me?  You are all talk and no action.  You could not fight your way out of a wet paper bag!  Without your zyborg robots to fight for you, you are nothing!"
The monster rushed him.  He took his stance and braced for action.  When Thor was close he sidestepped and jabbed slicing Thor's side, but the wound did not slow him down.  He continued at full tilt toward Bill's ship.
Jack and Elli watched from about a kilometer away.  They had seen the bomb drop and had known to duck and cover their faces so the flash did not blind them.  Elli was spotting for Jack who looked through the scope of a single shot long rifle they had made by hand with the help of Mac.  Jack commented.
"Look at him.  That guy is nuts."
"I don't think he would let his ship be taken.  The women must be in there."  Elli answered.  He was correct.
The first blast of a thousand little flechettes caught him on the side and started to spin him.  The second blast took off his head.  The torso flopped back down the ramp.  Bill was trotting up and stopped to pick up the huge ruined head.
"This one is no good."  He spat in its face.  "Not worth a trade in." 
***
Felice and Fred found themselves strapped into their seats unable to move. Alicia reclined naked in a life support sarcophagus, the lid open, the brain slug attached to her head. The two could feel her presence in their minds but she chose not to communicate with them. After a time water filled in and the slug drifted free. She sat up, out of the temporary comma, but still a little groggy. Completely naked, she flaunted her perfect womanly form. First she released Felice after whispering in her ear. "I know now that you will not harm me, but I am not so certain about your mate."
"If you would put something on I'm sure we would both feel much safer."  Felice answered with a tone of sarcasm.  "I promise my husband won't harm you."
Alicia laughed as she released Fred. She than put on a full length white robe made of what looked like silk but was actually an extremely strong fiber from spider web.  It was intended as body armor worn over padding or other armor, but she liked the way it felt and clung to her wet body.
"I will explain this procedure to you as I could sense that it made you both uncomfortable.  When my sisters took on those men of the Cadre we found that they intended to overpower us and take everything.  We could not permit that so we have made them live in the tunnels with the miners.
"We decided not to punish them because they were operating under some delusion which led them to follower orders from their leader as if they were compelled to obey."
Fred spoke.  He had calmed down considerably after his wife had sat on his lap and made a show of reassuring Alicia that he was harmless.  "Do you mean the way you were compelled by Loki and his henchmen?"
"In a different way.  Those boys are compelled by their beliefs.  Since my first visit to Earth when we accessed a large store of information I have been studying you.  The reason for the mind probe was to determine your intentions.  Except for the usual unclean male lust,"  She looked at Fred and smiled when she said that to which Felice responded by playing along and pretending to frown at him.  "I have found you both to have honest motives. I admit that I made a mistake by believing the claims of the Cadre.  Their ideas seem reasonable at first glance but upon closer examination I found that they use these ideas to justify taking power over others.  What little I understand of Earth history shows me that such deception has been the way of things for all time.  You are one who speaks for those who overcame Loki's servants on Earth."  She indicated Felice.  "I want to learn from you so I can understand the way of things, what it means to be human.  My sisters and I were slaves our whole lives.  We were always treated as animals or as bad children at best.  I have had problems helping my sisters to understand.  And I find that there is much that I do not understand as well.
"You two are young yet you possess great power.  How did this happen?"
Felice answered.  "Sometimes the new people overcome the old and powerful in a political revolution.  I don't know how much you know of us, but I will explain as well as I can.  We were both considered special by those we worked for because we are very smart and get things done, but when Loki's forces were defeated we saw our chance to replace the ones in control of our organizations who had been working with enemy.
"The Cadre believes in controlled breading of people.  Fred and I are both the product of such unions.  I will tell you that they are able to make stronger, smarter people by their methods but they use their power to control and oppress the weak.  We see where that kind of thinking has gotten us.
"So, I have a question for you."  Felice thought that the best way to illustrate the problem was by showing Alicia her own dilemma.  "What do you intend to do with the men?  You can't live with them, but you let them be free.  You understand that they are deluded or misguided.  Do you think you can help them be better?"
Alicia smiled and suppressed a laugh.  "Oh, my sisters have found things to do with them.  We just won't let them be around vital systems.  Any who behave violently are ended and put in the recycling hole.  They have learned to behave, but controlling them that way does not change their minds." 
***
Thor awoke from the slug-induced comma.  Metempsychosis is a power only used by the adept.  It requires a prepared body that is in the comma.  A special connection must be established previous to the event, the death of the person who intends to occupy the unoccupied body.  The real trick is to achieve total death of the spirit in the intended replacement.  Only a person with no conscience could even consider doing such a thing.  The death must not be unknowing.  The one who intends to transfer to a new body must know that death is imminent.  Thor found himself looking down the barrels of two guns the instant before his death.  That gave him the time he need, but only because he had done it before.
The occupation of a new body by a linked mind is not followed by an instant recovery.  The neuropathways of repetitive conditioning must be re-established.  The spirit must learn how to use its new vessel.  That requires physical therapy.  Thor's zyborg assistants had their work cut out for them.
***
The village was locked down and only armed adults were visible in the open.  The attacking warriors were massing behind a nearby bluff.  Their commander was haranguing them in preparation for the attack.  To the humans it sounded frantic, a combination of squawking and screeching.  Then they began to chant, a low-pitched hooting.  Their footfalls sounded like an on rushing heard.  As they came into view they uttered their war cry, an indescribably hideous scream.  Doors and windows were barricaded and archers were posted on rooftops.  Those who fell impaled by arrows were heedlessly trampled by their fellows in the on rushing hoard.  It was a mob of screaming armored shield carrying Monotremes armed with axes and swards.  They ignored the houses and headed for the mouth of the cave.
At dawn the absence of the shuttle and the two women was noticed first by Mac whose instruments notified him the moment its engine was activated.  He issued the emergency call to arms to the Rangers and the militia before Thor's electronic weapons were activated.  At that moment all loaded fire arms discharged spontaneously.  Only the special propellant that required the mixing of two inert substances was unaffected, but that powder could only be used after Thor's electronic warfare was deactivated.
Mac was in the command room in the cave, he left his new crew in training in occupation of the two base stations.  Tom, Fran, Bridget, Jackie, Frigg and her daughters were all there.  Mac had warned Frigg of his suspicions last night after Bill had passed out drunk.  He explained the situation to the humans.
"An attack has been launched on the other side of the mountains a short time before the enemy landed here.  It could be a diversion or it might be intended for,"  he sought the right words.  "for pecuniary reasons, as a reward for his forces."
"You mean the head hunting Mole Rats?"  Jackie asked.  Mac nodded in the affirmative.  "If for some reason the Disruptors stop, during a lull in the battle he could hope we send them help.  I advise against that.  We will have our hands full here."
A guard bust into the command room.  "They're attacking in full force, maybe two hundred, heavy medieval infantry.  The barricade is up but I doubt it will hold long."
Frigg left the room in a hurry, with only a word to her daughters.  If Yvonna had been there she could have translated the word.  "Stay."
Tom followed her to the barricade.  "Where are you going?"
She strained to answer him in English.  "No men will die here for me.”
"But your daughters?"  He asked.
"I will not cower in a cave."  She passed the barricade.  It was not a solid wall but a corridor built like a short maze, a killing zone.  She only stopped to retrieve two brain slugs from her goatskin bag.  She prepared herself for combat eating one and placing the other on her head.  She took two long butcher knives from a pile of rustic home made hand weapons.
"All shall die who confront me."  That was the last thing she said in English.  Any who were not protected heard that simple statement inside their heads, whatever their native language.  She turned and walked calmly toward the entrance of the cave.  The hoard stalled its approach as she came into the daylight.  She rushed them and leapt into their midst.  They did not attack her with their weapons.  They were trying to capture her.
Tom and several other Rangers took up positions at the entrance with compound bows.  They stood taking careful aim as they shot into the teaming throng.  One warrior turned to throw his battle-ax in their direction.  It struck Tom on the head as he was reloading his bow.  He was down.  Somebody within the cave pulled his body inside and someone else took up his position with a bow.
The battle continued until there were only a few score Mole Rats left.  They panicked and scattered in several directions.  Frigg struggled for a moment with one and then methodically went about dispatching the wounded.  It was at that moment that the village felt the detonation of the tactical nuke on Thor's ship.  Frigg stopped in her tracks, a far away look in her eyes.  In a few minutes Bill's ship appeared above the village.  A small swivel gun projected from the bottom of the saucer.  The ship methodically went about the job of picking off the remaining warriors with short bursts of high velocity lead pellets spraying soundlessly from the gun.
When the job was done it landed in the same spot it had occupied the night before.  The ramp opened and out stepped Bill, Ia and Pia at each arm.  His triumphal landing was interrupted by a scream form the entrance of the cave.  It was a scream of sorrow.  Bridget had found Tom's body by the cave opening.  She called for help and two young Rangers tried to separate her from the body.
Bill called to them.  "Bring the body in here!  I have the medical machine."  The body was brought in.  Mac, Bridget, and Bill worked as quickly as they could.  After several minutes Mac put a hand on Bridget's shoulder.
"He is gone."  Was all he said.  Bridget fell to her knees.  She was inconsolable.  Finally Fran and Jackie were brought to her.  Everyone else left the ship.
Frigg stood alone in the common area as others removed the piled bodies of the warriors.  Frigg looked toward the heavens her palms open.  She spoke in her own language.  "He lives!  I shall find you and put an end to you once and for all time!"
The man standing beside Mac asked.  "What is she saying?"
He answered.  "She says that Thor lives and that she will find him and kill him."
Bill had overheard.  "That's impossible.  Pia blew his head clean off."
Mac responded.  "He must have seen it coming."
***
After their negotiations were done Alicia agreed to land her shuttle in the lawn of the former Baron's fortress grounds.  The surrounding walls would prevent notice by the public after sun up.  Alicia wanted to meet their security chief.  Harris had volunteered to go with her to Mars to advise her on how to deal with the men of the Cadre who now had the run of the mining colony outside the base station.  Harris was enthusiastic about the chance to actually go into space, but he was not prepared for Alicia.  She turned on her most seductive charm.  That amused Fred and Felice after there experience in space with the woman.  Felice decided it was time to sell her idea of sending a news crew to report on Mars.
"Alicia, I have an other offer to make.  After Harris is finished with his mission I want you to come back with a larger ship and take one of my news crews to Mars so we can tell your story to the whole world.  That way you could have your pick of all the adventurous men of Earth and some women as well.  You would not have to deal with organizations that have some hidden motive.  You could find the right kind of people for building a successful society in Mars."
Alicia was agreeable to the idea but would not commit to a yes or no answer.  She wanted to return as soon as possible to deal with the situation at home.  Harris had one question.
"Do you intend to drug me and put the question to me as you have done with all the others?"  He caught her off guard.
"I suppose that won't be necessary."  She answered.  "I have come to understand that it is not right to treat all men as enemies.  Felice and Fred have shown me that men and women might be friends.  It is time for me to learn how to treat others with the same respect I wish to be shown."
"I realize that you are concerned for your safety and the safety or your sisters and your children."  He responded.  "I do not expect you to not use every means you have, but I do expect you to respect my personal space and not to attempt to manipulate or to suggest things when I am helpless.  That is not how one treats a friend.  You have already seen that it does not work with those Cadre men, at least not in the way I mean.  I'm sure it was quite useful with your plan for increasing the genetic diversity of your group, but it will not work in the realm of opinions and ideas.  This is why you cannot change their minds.  They have chosen their worldview long ago and now it is a part of them."
"You have great understanding of these things."  She spoke in her most charming and seductive voice.  Felice and Fred had to suppress the urge to laugh.  She was so obvious.
"I will learn much from you."  There was admiration in her voice.
Harris was a little embarrassed because he could see what she was doing as well, but he continued as if they were merely talking business.  "I am glad we agree.  I look forward to working with you."
"Well, that's settled then."  Felice could not resist clapping her hands in delight.  It seemed to fit the mood of the meeting, as if the two were leaving on a strange honeymoon instead of a mission to Mars.  She gave Fred the glance that meant,  "Don't you dare say anything sarcastic."
She continued.  "I know you seem to be in a hurry to go but would you like to have a guided tour of the island before you leave?
Alicia was embarrassed to admit that she was terrified by the notion of seeing so many strange people and the openness and bigness of everything was alien to her.  She was quite happy to view it all from above, safe in her flying saucer.  "Thank you for the offer, maybe next time?"
Harris took only a few personal items.  Alicia assured him that all his needs would be taken care of.  Felice surreptitiously kicked Fred in the shin when she thought he might comment on that.  His eyes got big for a second and he was forced to catch his breath at the sharp pain.
"Did you want to say something?"  Alicia asked, her voice pretending complete innocence of any understanding of Fred and Felice's surreptitious communications.
"Oh, I just... I mean, I wish you two the greatest success on this mission, and I urge you to seriously consider Felice's offer to publicize your people's,"  He paused to find the right word.  "situation."
"Thank you .  I will."  The two departed in the spacecraft.  They were in orbit above Mars so quickly that Harris had all the usual questions about how anti-gravity drive worked and why was there no inertia and why were they holding in orbit in zero gravity?  Alicia had an answer for that one.  It was a question.
"Have you ever made love floating in weightlessness?"
Later, during his first night on Mars Harris slept soundly.  He had a dream.  He dreamt that he was living in the great cave in Mars.  That he stayed there a century without any contact with Earth or its troubles, and was having a wonderful time with his true love, Alicia, until it became obvious to all that inbreeding would soon become an issue.  As the dream ended, he was very anxious about what it would be like going home after so long.  What would he find when he returned?  He was almost convinced that it was not a planted or orchestrated dream, but how could he ever be sure again?  Alicia was sound asleep beside him.  He felt her scalp to be sure that there was nothing slimy attached anywhere.  That woke her as well.  He thought to himself,  "What kind of jackass would she think I am if I asked her if my dream was planted by someone else?"
"It's me."  She said.
"What do you mean?"  He asked.
"You had a far away look as if you were somewhere else, with someone else."
"Oh.  I just had a strange dream."  He answered.
"That happens all the time here.  We must organize a search of the caves, to find if anyone, any men, are using the slugs.  They are very habit forming, you know."
"What about your sisters?"  He asked.
"I should know if it were one of them."
After breakfast an assembly was called in the great cavern.  The workers were conditioned to come in the expectation of receiving treats, and the Cadre men came because they had nothing better to do.  Alicia announced that everyone's head was to be examined for suction marks.  No one fled.  The workers were examined first, then the Cadre.  They had been muttering about Harris.  He introduced himself.  He was greeted with stony silence.  The women were all armed with antique knives and short swards and Alicia had given him an ornate staff that was also a cattle prod so none of them dared make a move for him.  The Cadre had also learned the hard way that the formerly implanted workers would react violently to protect the women if they tied anything.  They were not skilled fighters, but there were many more of them.  A head count determined that a few of the Cadre were missing.
"Everyone shall now proceed to the holding area while we conduct a search of the caves."  Alicia announced.  The workers encircled the Cadre men and shoved them along by the greater mass of their motion into the holding area and they were all locked in.  It did not take long to find the missing.  They were in the furthest reaches of the tunnels.  They had obviously been working, excavating in an area where the mineral ore had been exhausted long ago.  Harris suggested that they were building a secret chamber and that they should be careful where they dug because all the air could be sucked out if they broke through to even just a crevasse that connected to the surface.  They were sullen and would not speak to him.  Alicia ordered them to join the rest in holding.
After she was satisfied that no one was using a slug she let the workers out, but Harris wanted the Cadre men kept together for a while so he could address them.  Alicia agreed.
"Your mission to take this place over has failed.  The women of Mars have seen that it was a mistake to bring you here.  Who wants to go home?"  A few raised their hands at first and then after looking around at each other most of the rest.
Harris had a suggestion for Alicia.  "The ones who did not raise their hands could be the ring leaders, or some of them might like it here, especially if they have developed an attachment to any of your sisters.  I suggest that you use your usual means to determine which is the case and start making plans to send them home."
"Harris, is that all you can do?  You can not change their minds?"
"Alicia, if I tried to make them change their minds against their will that would drag me down to their level.  I do not want to be like them.  That is why we are enemies.  They think they have a right to tell others how to live their lives.  I believe in liberty.  That means that we should all be free to chose for ourselves what we believe in or when we disagree with others.  There is no in between.  Either you are free to think for yourself and make your own choices or you are under the orders of others.  That is all that politics boils down to.  You wanted to understand politics.  This is your first lesson.  Send them home.  They will only cause trouble."  He again addressed the men who had all been listening in on the conversation.
"Have any of you perfect specimens not gotten your fill of reproductive activity since you got here?"  A few raised their hands and others laughed at them and made rude jokes.
"You see now?"  He said to Alicia.  "They do not respect you, and they never will.  The kind of respect you want is not in their worldview.  You should send them all home."
Alicia's arms were folded and Harris could imagine her tapping one foot in disgust, like his old kindergarten teacher.  After a moment she answered.
"I will think about it."  She turned and walked away quickly.  She was clearly embarrassed by the fact that he disagreed with her in front of everyone.  She left without leaving instructions to the other women about what to do with the Cadre men.
Harris decided to take advantage of the opportunity.
"Ladies, or should I say sisters? some of these men were just caught in the act of excavating their own private place in your tunnels.  What do you make of that?  I will tell you what I think.  I think we have more than one possible answer.  They could be conspiring against you.  I doubt that.  There is no escape.  At least not one where they can breath air.  Let us consider another possibility.  They do not like the way things are here and want to live in their own space.  They want their own place where they will not be bothered by your demands and pestering."  That drew some laughs from the crowd of men.  "Why is that?  I'll tell you why.  They do not like you.  Do you really want to live with a bunch of dangerous, strong men who do not like you?  They might pretend to like you because they want to have sex with you and they don't want you to cut their throats in their sleep and stuff them down the recycling hole, but they will never really like any of you just as a person.  The very idea goes against the reason they came here and everything they believe in.  I hope you will help Alicia understand this.  Now, I suggest you leave them locked safely in the holding area until a decision is made about their future here on Mars."  He noticed that one of the women was having a private conversation with one of the men through the mesh screen.  He could tell what the subject of the conversation was.
He pointed her out to the other women.  "Do any of you think it would be safe for her to go in there with those men alone?"  He could tell that had an impact on them.  "That is my whole point.  You should have men you are not afraid to be alone with."
Harris quickly became tired of fending off the other women always throwing themselves at him so he went to look for Alicia.  He found her in her quarters alone.  She had been crying.  He was not sure how to deal with that, but who is?
He sat down beside her on the edge of her bed, which was a simple fold out common cot.  She looked away from him.  "My dear Alicia.  I hope I have not hurt your feelings in some way."
"No, it is not you.  I just do not know what to do."  Her voice was calm but revealed the stress she felt.  "I brought you here to help me.  I should listen to your suggestions."
"Alicia," He spoke in his most soothing voice.  "You have done fantastic things here.  If you and your sisters had not fought you would not be free.  You will not give up.  You will keep fighting.  I feel that in you."
She answered.  "You have only just come here.  Now you want me to take those men back to Earth.  I do not want you to go back yet."
"Let them stay in their cage for a while.  You and your sisters have already given them more than they deserve.  I do not intend to return back to Earth now, but I will be with you when you bring the men home.  Then we will return here."
"What of the plan to bring those," She had to search for the word.  "those reporters?"
"I'll stay here with you until my work is finished."  He answered.
"How will we know when that is?"  She asked.
"You will tell me to leave, I suppose."  She definitely did not want him to leave at that point.
***
Bridget and Frigg now had something in common that induced them to want to work together for the first time, a desire for revenge.  Frigg could probably not have explained why she wanted revenge.  It is not natural for one of her species to feel the loss of a member of another species.  At least that was the common wisdom.  She herself did not think of feelings of attachment to any human.  She thought in terms of such concepts as loyalty and honor.  From her perspective her loyalty to Tom and the others required revenge against her hated brother, for the sake of honor as well as for the sake of her daughters' future safety.  Bridget's feelings were much easier to understand.  Frigg's brother was responsible for the death of the man she loved.
Bill was not oblivious to all that emotional turmoil.  He played up to them and sought to bring the two enemies together.  It fit into his master plan, which involved getting rid of Thor as well, since Thor would now surely be out to get him.  Besides, Ia and Pia might be interested in having his babies, but they would not consider leaving the planet with him.  He would rather not have to face his enemy alone.
Bill had a limited understanding of the inner workings of the Cat Men's society.  He was vaguely aware of the existence of the monks.  He also had discovered from Thor that Loki's den in Mars had been taken over by the former slaves who had shipped their master home to be tormented by the monks.  Then it seemed like a reasonable assumption to him that Mars would be the place to look for the astronomical coordinates of the planet.  Frigg could be of help in finding out what the monks knew.  He had tried the direct approach and asked Mac, but Mac would not give him any information.  Instead he warned him that it was too dangerous and he should give up on the idea.  Mac wanted him gone but would not send him to certain death.  He assumed that Mac did not trust him because of his resistance to mental spying.  There was some truth in that, but Mac did not like him for his own reasons as well, his past association with Thor and the headhunter trade being the biggest.  However, Bill did what he could to help in that regard.  He suggested that the location of the intended point of delivery for all the heads collected from the post-Elizabethans would be imbedded in Thor's drive section's navigational computer.  Mac had already thought of that and had already relayed the source code from the computer for decoding to the Cadre by a graviton impulse signal.
As soon as he could induce the two former enemies into his ship it was off to Mars.
***
Bill stood off from Mars in high orbit and relayed standard galactic code requesting permission to land.  He did not know the location of the base but considered that if they were in the mood for visitors they would let him know.  They responded.
Alicia had called Harris to the control room when the signal was first received.
"I think you should answer.  We know that the Consortium, as you explained them to me, should know about this base already after your visit from those strange aliens the Monotremes.  There is a good chance it is a friendly vessel.  We can't just sit in here and hide from the galaxy.  It is a fair bet that enemies would try to sneak up on us and not just ask to be invited in."
"Hello there Mars base.  This is your friendly neighborhood Earth exile, Bill Fargo, here.  I request permission to land, over."
"What is he talking about?"  Alicia asked Harris.
"Let me answer, I can speak his lingo."
She agreed with his request.
"This is Mars base control.  Please explain the nature of your visit, over."
"I detect a very similar Southern drawl to the folks I just left on the Planet of the Exiles.  I send greetings from your friends.  You boys really get around a lot.  This is great.  We can share the latest gossip in person.  Someone is nudging me to get to the point and answer your question.  We are on a mission of vengeance against our mutual enemies, those monsters who like to pretend that they are Nordic gods.  I am informed that you just recently rid yourselves of one.  I want to find out where you sent the fiend so we can finish him off, over."
Harris nodded to Alicia to send the landing code.  "We'll discuss that after you land, over and out."  He then got on the handy talkie to the news crew who were still there filming their documentary on Mars.
Bill could not help but answer in his hokiest radio voice tone.  "Rodger-will-co over and out."
"Is that some kind of code?"  Alicia asked Harris.
"It goes back to the beginning of aviation on Earth, the early Twentieth Century.  It was the radio etiquette of a popular fictional character, Buck Rogers in the Twenty-Fifth Century.  I'll have to explain science fiction to you some time."
"Now I understand why you are so certain he is friendly."  Alicia answered.
"I'm not certain, just willing to entertain the possibility."
The journalists were ecstatic for the chance to interview Bill and overwhelmed by Frigg, who was totally uninterested in the cameras.  Alicia was not so happy with the fact that the shuttle had contained a Cat Woman.
"Harris, that creature should not be permitted in this place.  Send her away, now."  She was very serious.
"Please reconsider, she is not one of the males, and she seems to be on friendly terms with the two humans."  Harris answered.
"But she can not be seen by the others.  I will tell her myself."  She walked bravely up to Frigg and pointed to the ramp of the shuttle.  "You must go back inside.  You are not welcome here."
Bill shook his head disapprovingly and Bridget waved to Frigg as if to say goodbye.  Frigg was still not her favorite person.  The reporter demanded an explanation from Alicia who referred the question to Harris.
"It is all very understandable.  You see that alien is of the same species as the one who was in charge of the slave trade and the Widget industry in the Solar System.  The locals are not comfortable with the idea of entertaining one as a guest yet.  There are still too many ill feelings."
The journalists were also curious about the new comers' unusual headgear.  "Oh this cap?"  Bill responded flippantly.  "It's the latest galactic fashion.  Everyone who is anyone is wearing one."
When Bill and Bridget were away from the news crew they were able to explain their mission in more detail.  Bridget was the first to get away from them because they asked too many questions about her old home, and she did not wish to speak of it.
Harris was upset to hear of Tom's death and he could tell that he had meant a lot to Bridget.  He was enthusiastically in support of their mission.  Frigg had already explained what little she knew of the monks.  They were shrouded in deep mystery.  Some on her world suspected them of some dark conspiracy while most considered them as harmless cranks who were obsessed with some racial guilt complex.  No one on Mars could answer when asked how and why Fenrir and Fafnir had known to send Loki to them, but the coordinates of the destination of the drone were still in the launch system guidance computer.
At first Bill was a little concerned about Frigg being forced to wait out their stay here in the shuttle, but he soon forgot all about that when he noticed how friendly all the sisters were.  One wanted to show him the Cadre prisoners who were scheduled to be repatriated to Earth with the departing news crew.  One in particular waived to her but she ignored him.  She was at least three months pregnant, but it only made her more attractive in an unexplainable way.
"Why did you want to show me these men, my dear?"  Bill asked.
"They are being sent home.  Do you want anyone to tell your friends on Earth a message?"  She answered.
"Oh my."  He tried not to act surprised.  "Everyone I knew on Earth has been dead for a very long time.  I have no desire to go back there.  Besides, my ship might be booby-trapped to explode if I ever get too close to the planet.  I would not put anything past that fiend who gave it too me."  He had long ago had competent technicians search for such a booby trap and had even had the computers wiped and reprogrammed, but he could never be certain how Thor had planned to enforce his condition on the wager they had made so long ago.
The CFR Collusion  Chapter Nine


Ed Smith was one of the lucky ones who was not watching the "shooting star" at the moment of the nuclear explosion.  He was able to explain to the others what had happened in terms they could understand but he did not know enough about the flash blindness to know if it was temporary or not.  The airship continued on its flight.  There was little else they could do.  Captain James Dare called him to the bridge a few hours after dawn.  They could see smoke rising from the direction of the city.
"Mr. Smith, your knowledge of these matters is required.  Can you make this device work?"  He indicated the short wave radio.
"Yes Sir.  Do you wish me to make contact with them?"  He asked.
"Yes.  That explosion is not the only thing happening in the direction of home.  Where there is smoke there is fire.  Let's see if our new friends have any news for us."
Ed turned the spoke into the microphone.  "Hello the base station.  This is Airship Benevolence calling, over."  He repeated the call several times before he received an answer.
"Hello Airship Benevolence, Erik Johnson here.  Is that you Ed?  Over."
"Affirmative, Erik.  We have now seen two detonations.  One in your direction and one in the direction of Virginia Nova.  We just spotted a great deal of smoke rising up from the city.  Can you shed any light on these events?  Over."
"Yes, I can, and it is not good.  This morning at dawn we came under attack by what I am told are Mole Rat aliens, a couple hundred armed only with axes and swards.  Then a friendly dropped the bomb on their drive saucer.  The first bomb was dropped on the base station on your side of the mountains.  The only information we have is that it was near the beach by the ocean.  A large invasion force numbering in the thousands had already been landed and were attacking the city.  They were not taking prisoners.  They were taking heads.  Over."
"Please repeat last transmission.  Did you say they were taking heads?  Over."
"Heads, severed heads.  They put them on dry ice and ship them to some zyborg factory according to our informant.  The base station has been destroyed along with its electronic weapons but most of the invaders were left alive.  Over."
James took the microphone from Ed.  "This is James Dare, Captain.  Are you saying that my city, my country is under attack?  Uh, over."
"That is correct, sir.  At this time, Mac, the Sky Martial, has instructed me to inform you that the risk of another attack is too great for us to send assistance.  You are on your own my friends.  Over."
James handed the mike back to Ed.
"We copy that, Erik, on our own.  Thank you for the information.  Over and out."
The Airship Benevolence was armed with swivel guns for a reason.  There were bandits in the hills and pirates on the seas.  They steered clear of the bandits by maintaining high altitude because airborne attack was too risky in a hydrogen filled airship.  The weapons were intended as a deterrent in case the ship was brought down or in the rare event that they must attack another air ship.
Ed reminded James that the lesser detonations before the bomb were more than likely all the stocks of gunpowder in that area exploding.  That would mean that they had possibly the only surviving stock of powder.  He did not need to suggest that they attack the invaders from the air.  That was their only possible advantage.
The initial reaction of the invaders to the bombing of the base station was blind panic.  That panic was increased after Thor was put out of action.  After no new orders from on high were issued for some time the fleeing warriors began to take stock of their situation.  They had been promised Virginia Nova as their new base of operations.  They would pay for the base with the heads of its current residents.  After the initial landing they had brought their precious stock of eggs to a safe location inland.  The guards of the eggs held to their sacred duty and were the only troops who did not panic.  Their commander sent the lures to the highest spot nearby.  The primitive long horns were the only form of remote communication they had, except for sending messages with flashing mirrors or smoke signals.  The lures were sounded to call all forces to protect the precious eggs.  The signal triggered a mass migration or redeployment in its direction.  The troops killed, despoiled. and set fires as they moved.  Their departure from the city allowed human authorities time to organize defenses, but many of the fires continued to burn.
The Airship Benevolence had a bird's eye view of the scene below, if there were any birds.  None of the Terran songbirds from the Ranger's village had made it that far yet.  Arriving at high altitude from the mountains they could see most of the sprawling community.  Through his spy glass James could see a large procession of the invaders marching unmolested from the city in the direction of a region of rolling hills near the ocean.
"Mister Smith, what do you make of that."  He handed Ed the telescope.
Ed saw the column of Monotremes marching in an orderly fashion.  Some had a human body slung over a shoulder.  Others hauled a group of captives bound to a tether.
"I understand the captives but I can only speculate about the dead bodies.  If these creatures were indeed sent here to collect severed heads could they intend to eat the bodies?"  Ed asked.
James spoke with the most intense underlying tone of anger that Ed had ever encountered.  "That stands to reason, lad, cut off from their base and all supply as they are."
Ed could only think of one response.  "Obviously, sir, these monsters must be exterminated."
"You have a way with words lad."  The Captain dismissed him to his post.
***
The airship circled high above the Monotreme encampment.  The Virginia Novan battalions were marshaling in the plane beyond the hills, between the enemy and the city.
"Mister Smith, you see that stock of containers in the middle of their forces.  What do you suspect that is?"
Ed answered the Captain.  "I don't know, sir, but it seems to be of value to them."
"Exactly my point, that is where we should dump the oil.  We will fire that up and see how they like it."  The containers were the precious stock of Monotreme eggs.  Earlier Ed had tried to explain napalm to Captain Dare.  The Captain liked the idea so they had set down in the vicinity of a cooking oil refinery that separated oil from seaweed.  They had dumped one of the water tanks and replaced it with the flammable oil.  They then rigged the tank to insure that all would be dumped at once.  They prepared several fire arrows to ignite the oil after release.
Maneuvering the airship was tricky.  First it swooped down in a slow dive in the direction of the target.  The oil was released and as the ship pointed upward again the archers with the fire arrows ignited the oil soaked crates.  The army below reacted with a mixture of panic and anger.  As the ship gained altitude and turned in a long arch back in the direction of Human forces the Monotremes formed an agree mob and blindly followed the ship.  All order and unit cohesion had broken down in their ranks.
"Look, sir, they're following us."  Ed pointed out to James.
"Yes, and they are disorganized.  We'll let them catch up and lead them into a trap."  He called a command to the helm.  "Engines to one quarter.  Go down to fifty feet from ground and head for that trail between those two hills."  To Ed he said.  "They should follow at a fast trot and be totally exhausted by the time they engage our troops."
When the ship was near the crest of the little pass between the two hills Ed could see six more airships in the distance making for them at full steam.  James judged the right place for his plan and called the order.  "Full stop.  Reverse thrust for braking.  Hover in place!"
"The Monotreme mob formed beneath the ship.  Ed could see that the ten battalions were moving to encircle them.  The other airships made for the pass and swooped down to disembark troops at a trot.  He was amazed by the maneuver.  Men armed only with rapier and dagger repelled from ropes over the sides and formed a line blocking any possible retreat.  The battalions were militia armed with whatever hand weapons they possessed and led by regulars.  James could see that Ed was awestruck by the sight and explained what he was seeing.
"The men with the red arm bands are the magistrates, each commands a battalion.  Note how they are organized.  The archers and slingers in back are the young men.  The gentlemen and the bailiffs with white armbands each lead a troop of citizens armed with simple household weapons.  Because of the alien wizardry none carry pistols or muskets."  Ed could see angry citizens out for blood, waiving hatchets and butcher knives in the air.  Everyone seemed to be carrying a large rock.  The Monotremes suddenly seemed to notice their plight all at once.  They turned to face the attackers.
When all the battalions were in position,  "There is the Chief Magistrate's entourage."  James pointed to a group of gentlemen located just behind the center battalion.  A bugle gave the signal from that group.  A storm of rocks poured down on the Monotremes.  James gave his own commands.  "Archers let fly at will!  Prepare to fire swivel guns!  All musketeers to the rigging!  Prepare for volley fire!  Fire!"
The deafening volley broke the spirit of the Monotremes and a cheer when up among the Humans as the order to charge was given.  A final volley of arrows and stones rained down on the Monotremes.
"Adjust attitude forty five down!  All ahead flank speed.  Prepare for hard impact!  Ram the devils!"  A final volley was fired by the command of the chief gunner and the airship came to ground hard crushing all who could not escape beneath.  The pilot pulled the nose of the ship up just in time to avoid crushing the bow of the gondola.  The Monotremes remembered that this was the ship they were after and momentarily forgot their panic.  "Repel boarders!  Master at Arms!  Full burn on those buggers!"  The same hydrogen flairs that had been used to signal the village a couple of nights before were aimed at the teaming mob of aliens.  Still, the only thing that saved the ship from being overrun was the timely arrival of the other airships that repeated the same hard landing tactic in the midst of the enemy.  A shout started by those landing and was repeated in mass until it was being shouted in unison.  "No quarter!"
In the end the heavily armored Monotremes were defeated by the simple fact that they were hemmed in with enraged Humans coming at them from every direction.  Some of the Humans had picked up discarded shield and axe of the enemy.  They triple and quadruple teamed each Monotreme until all except a handful who escaped the initial encirclement were down.  No prisoners were taken.
***
Those who escaped were mostly of the officer class.  They had lagged behind the mob attempting to regain control.  The commander called them together and pointed out the oncoming airships.  He split them into two groups and commanded them to flee the battle and make for the burning eggs to see what they could salvage.  The survivors took what eggs they could salvage to a secluded ravine where they began to furiously tunnel into the embankment.  They were, needless to say expert diggers.  They first dug a tunnel only big enough to crawl in.  When they were in to a point where cave in was unlikely they hollowed out a chamber for the two-dozen eggs they had managed to save.  They collected peat moss so the rotting vegetation might incubate the eggs.  Finally, they covered the entrance to the tunnel and covered their tracks.  A few elected to stand guard and provide a diversion.  The others scattered in different directions.
***
It was not until the next day they any humans dare venture back into the valley where the Monotremes had fallen victim to the first air assault.  The troops needed rest and food.  Much of the city was in ruins so most of the troops were sent home.  James asked for and received the privilege of the air reconnaissance of the area.  A company of gentlemen and bailiffs followed afoot.  The scorps were already infesting the bodies of the dead.  The gentlemen were not interested in loot and left that for the militia who followed.  James could find no sign of the Monotremes who had been seen escaping the battle, so he landed the ship to investigate the smoldering debris.  He made sure Ed was with him.  Ed had a huge black eye and a gash on his forehead from a tussle with an enemy warrior, but he did not have a concussion nor any other wounds.  Ed poked around the debris with a discarded broad sward he picked up.  The area was also scorp invested.
"Captain, I see foot prints.  The devils were here.  These look like burnt egg casings."  He continued and found a strange piece of equipment that was partly made of plastic that had melted in the fire.  "I found something.  The fire has ruined it, but I'll take a guess that it has something to do with these eggs.  Eggs usually must be incubated at an ideal temperature for the embryo to grow.  I would guess that this was a thermometer, a device for measuring temperature.  I find this all very odd.  Were these eggs intended as a food source?  I really do not know what to make of all this.  Why would burning a food source enrage them so?  They intended to eat us.  It has to be something else.  The way they reacted to the burning of the eggs suggests to me that these were their eggs, their babies, but none of the bodies I dissected last night were female."
"Egg laying devils from space you say?"  James asked.  "Have you ever heard tell of such?"
"Truthfully, no," Ed answered.  "but then I never believed in flying saucers and space aliens either.  I suppose it is possible."
"My lad, the heavens contain more mysteries than either of us be privy to."  James commented.  "Gather round, gentlemen.  My man Edward reckons that these are devil eggs and this was the cause of the devils' late distress.  See these tracks?"  He pointed them out to the troops.  "We must seek where these tracks lead us."
***
They were still searching the area days later when the alien ship landed in the valley where the main battle had taken place.  James called all hands to battle stations and called the gentlemen to board the airship.  He still had the disruptor and the radio on his ship.
"Edward, the watch reports that no message was sounded form that thing."  He indicated the radio.  "It is time to call our friends again."  He patted the disruptor.  "If that starship be foes I intend to confound those buggers."
"Captain, we should leave all powder here."  Ed suggested.
James ordered all powder over the side.
Ed was able to make contact on the radio.  "Ranger base,  another space ship has landed here.  Is it friendly, over?"
The answer was noncommittal.  "We have no information on that ship.  Stand by.  I'll get back to you.  Over and out."
When the airship had gained enough altitude to have a line of sight on the alien starship the Captain ordered Ed to engage the disruptor aiming it at the starship.  At that very moment the gate had been slowly opening, but the disruptor caused it to fall open suddenly.  A new horror proceeded down the ramp.  Armored aliens astride raptors.  Ed swore vehemently.
"What are they?"  James asked.
"There be dragons." Ed answered.  He was doing his best to maintain his calm.  "They are riding what we call dinosaurs."
The grotesque alien cavalry formed a perimeter around the disabled ship.  The spiked Hedgehog Monotremes were riding a kind of raptor from their world.  A troop of ten foot soldiers trotted down the ramp followed by three personages.  One representative of each of the three Monotreme species.  A venerable male Hedgehog, a female Scaled Monotreme formerly dubbed Betsy by her friends on Bermuda, and a Mole Rat matron.  They were there to investigate the recent invasion.  Although they each understood the other's language convention required them to speak in their common diplomatic language.  Betsy pointed in the direction of the airship that was slowly approaching them from the nearby hills.
"The disruptor beam must be coming from that."  She said.
"We'll have to assemble and deploy the ballista to shoot that down."  The general commented.
"Typical mindless male aggressive response."  The matron said.
"Well what do you suggest?"  Betsy asked.
"Attempt to establish communication, of course.  You still have that Human computing device."
"My dear," her voice conveyed deep sarcasm.  "They have to be close enough to read the screen, and it won't work with the disruptor."
They stood at the bottom of the ramp arguing about what to do next while the airship slowly came closer.  One of the general's warriors had noted his comment about the ballista and had the crew assemble it just inside the ramp.
"They have a great cross bow."  Ed said to James.  "I suggest you maneuver about to the other side of that ship so they have to bring it outside to deploy it against us.  While that maneuver was still in progress word came over the radio."
"Airship Benevolence, a friendly space ship is coming in.  Keep your disruptor aimed low.  I repeat keep your disruptor aimed low."  Mac's drive saucer hovered a few hundred meters above the Monotreme ship.  A circular opening appeared near the bottom of the saucer and several one-man hovercraft came out.  Each one was a simple disc with a central upright rod grasped by the rider who stood upright on the disk.  These deployed around the ship.  Another message,  "Shut down the disruptor.  I repeat, power down the disruptor.  Acknowledge.  Over."
"Shutting down disruptor, over."  Ed answered.  Mac's saucer settled down directly on top of the Monotreme ship.  The one-man hover discs converged at the bottom of the ramp.
"It's the Sky Martial."  James commented.  He was watching through his spyglass.  "Full stop!  Reverse brakes!  We hover here."
As the airship hovered almost touching the ground most of its compliment repelled down knotted lines.  They assembled before the gate, backing up the Air Martial and his human cohorts.  James and Ed came forward to participate in the discussions.  Betsy led the three Monotreme envoys to confront Mac who demanded to know the reason for their intrusion.
"We are here to investigate the massacre of thousands of Monotremes.  It is evident from these skeletons scattered in this vicinity that we are dealing with genocide."
"Seize the creature!"  Mac ordered the Rangers with him to take the Matron into custody.  A tussle ensued with two of the Spiked Monotremes.  At that point Mac ducked behind the ramp to avoid the maces they carried.  From the vantage point of the pilot of the airship it seemed that Mac had been struck and fallen.
He sounded the emergency steam whistle.  "All hands abandon ship!  Engaging full ahead flank speed."  He intended to ram the entrance.  Everyone near the ramp scattered.  The Monotreme at the helm activated the two retro-rocket ports on either side of the ramp.  A great whoosh of pure nitrogen gas propelled the airship away from the entrance, extinguishing all ignition sources, thus preventing the detonation of the airship as a colossal fuel air bomb.  Crewmembers grabbed control lines to steady the ship that was dead in the air because the nitrogen had extinguished its engines.  A disruptor beam from Mac's ship had switched off all electrical systems on the airship.
When the excitement was over the Rangers had the Matron in custody.  Mac confronted her.
"You have a choice.  You will either agree to submit to the mind probe to determine your role in the hostile invasion of this world, or you will be held for trial before the Consortium."
"You may not hold me!"
"I can and I shall.  Have her fitted with a restraint collar.  Now, you two will explain to me exactly why you are here."  He spoke to Betsy and the General.
The General pointed at the Matron.  "She informed the Planetary Council that a massacre of her people had occurred here.  We were ordered to investigate.  She is in command of this mission."
He indicated Betsy.  Until that point, each had spoken in his own language, and the Humans had been left out of the conversion.  Betsy motioned to Elli to come to her and showed him the translating computer.  She typed a question.  "Would you be willing to act as my voice?"
"This one wants to know if I will speak for it."  Elli told the others.  "I agree to act as your voice."
He read what she typed.  "She writes, I am a female not an it.  The Matron you have in custody registered a complaint to our Planetary Council.  We have come here to investigate.  In that capacity I ask the Sky Martial to please explain his reasons for the arrest of the Matron."
He answered in English.  "Do I need to spell it out?  This planet has only barely survived en mass invasion by an army of Monotremes on a headhunting mission for the Zyborgs.  In the process they murdered thousands of Humans here and some at my base station.  Her knowledge of that invasion is evidence of her complicity.  Supporting the murderous Zyborg trade is not the business of your Planetary Council, I presume.  She will be held for trial as a mass murderer.  When found guilty she will be probed and all who collaborated in this conspiracy will be brought to justice."
"She writes, with your permission we ask to review the forensic evidence of the head hunting activity."
"Permission denied.  The heads have been returned to their relatives so they might honor them and morn in their traditional way.  I order you and your ship to depart from this planet since your presence is a disrupting influence to the natives who understandably associate you with the invaders."
"I have nothing to do with the Zyborgs and you are wrongfully holding me.  However, I demand to see all Monotreme prisoners.  As exploited victims of illicit activity they are entitled to repatriation and re-education on their home world."  Elli repeated what the Matron said from Betsy's translation.
"No prisoners were taken but some escaped into the hills."  Mac answered.  "I order you to recall them at once."
The Matron complied.  To the Humans it was hideous screeching, answered by a similar call from the hills.  Mac ordered two rangers to escort them to the space ships.
"Now, order your troops up the ramp."  He instructed Betsy.
Only five had survived their ordeal.  When they were at the foot of the ramp Elli had a question for Mac.
"If I understand this right of repatriation it is voluntary?"
Mac answered.  "Yes it is.  Are you suggesting that any of these prisoners would chose to stay and suffer the vengeance of the locals?"
"I believe that these beings deserve at least the right of a hearing so they can make a choice, and we need to understand what could have motivated them to do what they did."  Elli's objection was translated to the prisoners.  Only one of them chose to speak.
"I know now that we have done wrong, and my only defense is that we were deluded with false words and promises.  We were told that these Humans were mindless savages who were only fit to serve as Zyborgs.  I know you condemn the practice but where we come from the Zyborg trade is a part of our way of life.
"We were offered a final release from that way of life and promised that the threat of the fate of the undead mechanized existence would never again torment us and our off string.  We were offered a chance at freedom from the uncaring domination of the Matrons who delivered us into slavery when they took our forefathers from our home world.  I know that there is no excuse for murder.  I only seek to explain that my brother warriors are what they are because that is the way they were made by those such as her."  He accused the Matron.
"I believe that he deserves the same chance to stand trial as she does."  Elli said.  "There is no reason to leave him to the Virginia Novans.  If he does not wish to experience re-education, whatever that is, I say he should have the choice to come with us as our prisoner, the same as her."
***
Bill parked his shuttle in high Solar orbit.
"Why are we stopped here?"  Bridget asked.
Bill was turning down the sleeping pallets.  "We need rest.  It's usually safer to sleep in deep space.  These restraint nets are expandable.  You could sleep with me if you like."
Bridget was surprised at the offer.  Frigg had her own answer.  She spoke in her language, but the ship translated her words into English.
"If you Humans start engaging in mating behavior while I'm trapped in here I'll rip your throats out."
Bridget laughed and tucked herself in her own restraint net and sleeping bag.  She did it easily as she was accustomed to sleeping in zero gravity from her previous life.
"Frigg my dear friend, cuddling isn't mating behavior.  I'm sure your daughters cuddle with their little human friend all the time."  Bill tried to explain.
"She snorts derisively."  The ships translating computer announced.
"What is that?"  Frigg asked.  "Self aware computers are an abomination."
Bill answered.  "I'm not that good yet.  Alright, my friends.  I intend to sleep in this reclining command chair, if you both insist on being so unfriendly.  Does anyone object to this?"  He turned on some pleasant mood music, a part of his collection on his old MP3 player.  Neither of them objected.  "Since you two are not big on pleasant bed time conversation I'll say good night."
Hours later, "Proximity alert, proximity alert, proximity alert."  The ship's computer announced.
"Damnation!"  It's a spy drone!"
"Receiving message."  The computer announced.
"Play it."
"You have entered the Humanity quarantine zone.  Interference in the native culture is strictly forbidden under Consortium protocol.  The message repeats."
"Computer, acknowledge, and tell the consortium to go frack themselves.  When did I sign up for their protocols?  I am Human, you moron, and Frigg here passes for human in some circles."
"Are you in the habit of raving at the computer?"  Bridget asked.
Bill released the transmit button.  "Oh, you're awake.  No worries, its just a Consortium spy drone, or should I say navigational beacon.  It should leave since I sent it the standard compliance code.  But now I don't think I'm going to be able to sleep.  I think we should head for Frigg's home world."
"Why don't you just send that drone our itinerary while you're at it?"  Bridget asked with an uncharacteristic tone of sarcasm.
Frigg did not seem to understand sarcasm.  "We should wait for that until we find out some useful information."
They made the trip in two jumps, first to a point in high orbit in the solar system and then, after permission to land was granted, to the front lawn of the entrance to the monastery, an ornate opening to a great natural cavern which had been converted for use by the order.  An acolyte met them at the door.  He was hooded but they knew that he was using a brain slug because Frigg, the only one of the three who was not wearing her protective cap informed them that she was not welcome inside.  She returned to the shuttle.
"Do you speak our language?"  Bill asked.  Surprisingly the Cat Man could speak English very well considering his physical limitations.
"Yes, we speak your language."  He answered.
"We?"  Asked Bridget.
"We are one.  We have broken down the barriers of the ego.  The brothers direct the voice of this unit you see before you."
"Bridget."  Bill warned.  "I don't think we should go in there.  Something is very wrong here."
"You are safe, but it matters not.  You may state your case here as well as inside the sanctuary."
"You have the one who called himself Loki within."  Bridget stated.  "We seek his death, but failing that we seek the location of the new avatar of his enemy, the one who calls himself Thor."
"Why should we give you the information you seek?"  They asked.
"We understand that he is your enemy as well."  Bridget offered.  The negotiation continued for some time.  They kept arguing in circles.  Questions were answered with questions.
Bill became impatient.  "All right, stop the game of cat and mouse.  We get it, and our minds are not even linked.  Does mind control and telepathy make you into an idiot?  Face the fact.  We will not let you into our minds.  We are not stupid from being led around in logical circles by other mind-numbed dolts for too long.  We live in the here and now, not your borderless dream world.  Either tell us what we want to know or quit stalling and admit you refuse to help."
"But you have not explained to us why you seek this knowledge."
"Oh."  Bill responded.  "How rude of us.  Let me spell it out.  I suppose context and self-evident motive escapes the all knowing.  We want to kill the monster, body and spirit.  That's why.  How could you not know that?"
"Do you seek our deaths as well?"
"Should we?"  Bill asked.
"Are you afraid of us?"  Bridget asked.  Bill nudged her, shook his head at her and tried to communicate fear with his eyes.  The bluntness of her question made him very nervous, but she persisted.  "Is it true what your so called free brothers say, that you are weak and pitiful like kittens without their mother?"
The one who acted as the mouthpiece of the rest shook his head in an effort to maintain his self-control.  It was obvious that he did not enjoy his passive role and would have retaliated for that last remark if the others had let him.  "The coordinates have already been transmitted to your vessel.  Leave us now.  Your negativity damages our calm."
This time Bill did take Frigg's previous suggestion and transmitted the coordinates of their next destination to the Consortium navigational beacon, just in case things went wrong.  He tagged the data packet urgent requiring immediate relay.  He decided they needed to wait a little while in high orbit to clear his mind and think of his next move.
"Ladies, that was too easy.  If they lied to us and gave use a false lead we have no idea where we will be popping in.  If it is the place, it is sure to be defended.  Zyborgs tend to shoot first and ask questions latter.  I've had some dealings with them before.  Being a brain in a jar seems to make you stupid.  Sure, they can multi-task better than us, but they have no desire to put very much thought into anything.  That just might be because they have no desire, period, just standing orders and new orders.  We have to assume the worst.  I think we should go somewhere else entirely and think things over."
They were somewhere else.  One of Bill's favorite thinking spots, near a wondrous nebulae.
"I like the view here."  The other two were momentarily stunned by the beauty of this part of space.  Frigg recovered first.  She was much more talkative than she had ever been before thanks to the automatic translating computer.
"The longer we delay the stronger he will become."
"True."  Bill answered.
"Why are we waiting?"  Bridget asked.  "Let us finish it.  What can we gain by floating out here fretting?"
"You two are a couple of firecrackers with a short fuse.  Well, here is the plan.  The layout of the place will likely be a rehabilitation facility with healing machines and exercise equipment.  The zyborgs can be anything.  They are not likely to be android, except for a couple of them.  That is the way he usually works.  We have to go in fast after we hit the place with a disruptor pulse.  We will literally only have seconds to find him and kill him.  It is vital that he not see it coming.  Once we know where he is we bug out and nuke him.  Here is the way I see it.  Any other way of killing him will give him advanced warning.  We have to know his precise location because I only have one micro nuke left."  He paused to let them think about what he had just said.  "Any questions?  Good, we pop in.  We break into the station.  When we know where he is we leave.  Then nuke him, clear?"
Frigg put a hand on her goatskin bag.  "I will prepare for battle in my usual way."
This time Bill left the visibility screen on.  Usually FTL was done with "windows shut" because the transitions were very disorienting.  "I suggest you two close your eyes if you have never seen this before.  It can cause motion sickness."
They ignored him.  The transition began with a strange "rippling" of space, then a brilliant flash of "deceleration" or transition back into normal space.
"Through the rippled wall transcending all, across the universe I reside."  Bill quoted from the song "So Far From Home" by the Sci-Fried Band.  "There it is."
He activated the disruptor as the flash receded from awareness.  "We are locked in and cycling the air lock.  It's now or never ladies."
Frigg was in first.  They were each armed with a long pointed steel rod designed to penetrate armor.  They passed through the halls quickly, smashing anything that had the look of a brain in a jar.  They found the rehabilitation chamber.
"Stop."  Bill ordered.  "We're too late.  He has already moved."
Bill pointed his rod at the open medical sarcophagus.  They all approached to examine the Cat Man body occupying it.  "It is not breathing.  When the disruptor hit he took poison."
Bridget jabbed her rod through its heart.  There were many zyborg controlled devices in the chamber.  "I say we kill them all."
"Yes."  Answered Frigg.  "Put them out of their misery."
"She should know."  Bill said to Bridget, and he pointed to Frigg's head.  They made short work of it.  Bill then went to the base computer to download its data into a data stick for analysis.  "The Consortium will be here soon.  We should leave now."
When they left Bill transitioned to two void spaces near the galactic rim before returning to the nebular region, to foil any effort at tracking their movements.
"Have either of you ever witnessed the transition before?"  He asked.  Neither of them had.  "I find it inspirational.  Frigg, were you able to see anything, or feel or whatever you call it?  Where did he go?"
She still wore the slug.  "I felt a cry of agony.  That is all.  It may have been the death of the avatar itself.  Its spirit was actually only fled to an inner space.  Imagine having to spend an indefinite time confined in ones own head, the prisoner of another..."
"Yes, my friend.  That is very enlightening as to the extent of his evil, but think.  Where did he go?"  Bill gently guided her hand to the input device of the navigational computer.  "Show us were he went."
She entered a set of four-dimensional coordinates into the computer.  She was not looking at her hand but staring at the nebulae.
"Tell us how he feels."  Bridget asked.
"He feels fear."  Was her only answer.
Bill initiated the transition.  "Bombs away."
They were back at the nebulae.
"What did you do?"  Bridget asked.
"I bombed whatever those coordinates were.  It was our safest bet."
"Is he gone now?"  Frigg asked.
"You tell me?"  Bill asked.  She had no answer.
They sat there under the sky of indescribable beauty looking at each other for an indefinite amount of time.  "We go back and see what I hit."
There was a debris field.  The micro nuke had not incinerated the entire station.  Bill patrolled around the debris field and they found the remains of some zyborgs, frozen chunks of brain.  "It is a safe bet that this was the spot."
"But we will never know."  Bridget answered.
"It is impossible to prove a negative."  Frigg responded.
"Why Frigg, I never realized that you were such a philosopher."  Bill said.
"It's the brain slug."  Bridget stated.  "It makes her, how do you say it? Spacey."
"I want to try one of those things."  Bill said.
"If we do that she is likely to leave us in a coma and ditch us somewhere after taking the access codes from you.  Her kind are not renowned for their empathy."  Bridget said not realizing that she had implied that she wanted to try one as well.
"Look, she's getting sleepy."  As soon as Bill made that comment Frigg removed the slug.  "Did you feel his presence?"
"No."  Frigg answered.  "I need rest."
"I think we all do."  Bridget answered.
***
Deep inside the Monastery the brothers meditated over the reclining body.  It was a damaged vessel.  A stroke had rendered the brother speechless and motionless.  His spirit had long ago fled to some unknowable place.  That damaged brain was now the new receptacle of the one who had called himself Thor.  They prayed for his spirit that he might find peace and unity with the Oneness of self-annihilation.  They had diverted him to them in his time of desperate need.  They knew from Frigg's free flowing thoughts when the moment was right.  He never made it to his intended destination in the now annihilated base station.  He made no answer.  His fear was great, not of the brothers, but of those who hunted him.  He knew now that if they learned that he still lived they would stop at nothing.  Not even this sacred precinct was safe from the furry of their hatred for him.  The brothers sought to calm his fear.
***
For the first time since the night of the drinking party on the Planet of Exiles Bill felt secure enough to remove his new protective headgear while he slept.  Bridget was on the pallet next to him.  The top of her head was facing the top of his head.  He reached over to check, in the eternal twilight of the nebulae if she was wearing hers.  She was not.  "Two down one to go."  He muttered to himself before he fell asleep wondering how to trap the last of the most infamous monsters.
While he dreamt the walls were down.  The separation of mind and physical reality that is the normal state of the self-aware thinking being melts away.  The spirit is free to mingle with the universe and to know things, but it only remembers what it knows if the dream happens close enough to that instant between self awareness and sleep, the moment of the waking dream.  Thus, as chance would have it, Bill could not know that he knew that the monster cowered and trembled in fear not just fear of him and the two females who wished to end him, but a kind of pathological fear of something much greater and much more menacing.  He only awoke with a slight feeling of anxiety, just enough to cause him discomfort.  He thought of the Brothers of Frigg's world.  "What was all that BS about Oneness?"  He thought.  "Dark side Anakin Skywalker spank dreams..."  as he fell asleep again.
***
In the base on Mars the Cadre men were loaded back into the star ship drive saucer for repatriation to Earth.  Harris could not think of any reason not to sedate them.  He did succeed in persuading Alicia to leave them on Bermuda instead of delivering them to Tasmania, first, to give them a chance to defect and because it was the one place other they were sure to be welcomed and not shot down.
"Alicia, it would be inhumane to deliver those young men back to their puppet masters in the Cadre.  We cannot be certain of what would become of them but they would not end well.
"This is how an imperialistic power works.  They were sent on a covert mission of conquest.  They are essentially secrete soldiers.  They will be "de-briefed" if they return to Tasmania, that is, questioned on why they failed.  The ones who sent them will see that it is against their interest to let the truth come out about their real mission and why they failed.  It is possible that sending them home is the same as sending them to their death."
Felice was prepared to receive them as returning celebrities rather than failed soldiers.  The kind of lurid stories they could tell would make for high ratings.  She had also assembled a large group of hopeful replacements, young people, mostly men and some women, who wanted to go to Mars.  As far as personality and motivation is concerned, they were quite the apposite from the previous group.  Harris did persuade Alicia not to sedate and mind probe these, but she was skeptical.
"I have a suggestion.  A few of them are Rangers who I have met personally.  I could deputize them for the trip."
"Deputize?"  She asked.
"Yes, ask them to help me keep watch for any suspicious activity.  I don't really think it will be necessary because we have experts who have made a study of human behavior and motivation.  I am certain that none of these new people intend to hijack this ship.  They were all screened.  They are the best of all the applicants."
***
When Bill awoke this time he was certain that something about that monastery was not right.  He had a very bad feeling about it.  Frigg was awake at the same instant and she was always instantly alert, so he felt safe asking her a question.
"Frigg, I have a very bad feeling about those Monks."  Bill could tell she observed him closely but still could not read her expressions and wondered if she could read his.  "How much do you know about them?  Are they all slug ridden?  And, what are they doing in there?"
"They are a secrete cult.  They want the world to think that they are practicing some kind of cult of self-denial.  That would be their pretext for excluding me, as I am female and would disturb their hormone balance."  She paused to think.  "I take it that you do not believe their story.  Do you have a more specific question?"
Bridget was now awake and listening to the conversation.
"Their mumbo jumbo doesn't wash."  He saw they were both confused by his wording.  "I mean that stuff about 'Oneness' is nonsense.  We all know instinctively that there is only one alternative for us self-aware creatures, awareness versus oblivion.  The idea of Oneness suggests that there is some third state of consciousness in which the individual is freed from the agony of making choices and all knowledge is freely shared.  They never explain how that is possible, but always attack the ego, the individual identity, as an evil that must be eliminated or curbed.  It is an ancient intellectual con game on Earth that has always been used as a pretext to trick the believer into choosing not to think for himself but to accept whatever ideas those running the con want him to believe uncritically, on faith.  This so called third state of consciousness is actually the borderline state between a thinking, self directed individual and a thoughtless animal directed only by its suppressed emotions and instincts, and external suggestions of those in power.  That kind of intellectual con game is the universal method of thought control historically used on Earth, where direct link mind control was unknown except maybe in its most primitive form when practiced in ancient witch craft using psychedelic herbs and potions."
"I believe I understand your meaning."  Frigg answered.  "What is your question?"
"Do you think that this Oneness those Monks are claiming to achieve has something to do with that ancient con game?"  He asked.  "Is the con game being somehow magnified and manipulated using the brain slugs?"
"I have no answer.  I do not know."
Bridget suggested.  "We should go back and tell Mac what we have found, and you should ask him.  He is very old and knows much."
"My thoughts exactly."  Bill answered, and set in the coordinates for the Planet of the Exiles.
***
Their friends welcomed them all home.  Mac did not provide an immediate answer.  "You have learned to ask the right questions."
Bill shared his suspicions with the others and Mac's cryptic response.  Later on the evening of the next day after their return everybody knew what the topic of conversation would be.
The group was unusually silent and thoughtful during the meal and only after the first drinks were served did Elli bring up the question.
"We have all heard about the wonder women of Mars and the fact that they have possession of the forbidden anti-gravity drive technology of the ancients.  I find it interesting that the Consortium has not intervened.  Our friends have visited the very lair of the Beast.  A monastery where souls are stashed, and they escaped intact, no brain implants, no demonic possessions.  It is obvious to us all that there is something going on there.  They are harboring our enemies, odium generis humani, hated by all.  I say we go there and put an end to this.  I realize that there is still one, the monster calling himself Odin.  I say we should make them tell us where he is hiding, since they seem to know so much about their wayward brothers."
"And then blow the place to hell."  Jack added.
"This discussion is premature."  Mac stated.  They all expected him to explain, but that was all he said.
"Mac,"  Fran put in.  "I know that you understand that we only act in concert after we have all agreed on the objective.  Sometimes the others let us suggest things to them that seem self-evident and we take action, but there is a limit to that.  It is obvious to me that you have chosen to use us as your helpers in this grand quest of yours because of what we are, who we are.  You can not expect us to be satisfied with your evasive answers."
"That is true."  Mac answered.
"Well?"  Several people asked.
"It is not possible to keep the secrete from the ones you want to destroy.  They will sense it coming, if for no other reason than the basic instinct of the predator.  That feeling of unease you all have experienced when someone is looking at you and you turn and catch them in the act.  In this case we are dealing with a much more refined ability than that.  You have learned that the death of their flesh does not carry the same finality for them as it does for the rest of us.  If they know death is coming for them, they will escape.  Do you expect that a conspiracy as ancient as theirs does not have a backup plan?  You want answers from me.  I could tell you all a story, from my perspective, and expect you all to accept on faith, because you seem to believe I have the answers.  That methodology is not the path to true understanding.
"You can not understand ten thousand years of history by means of my generalized answers.  Some things you must see for yourself.  We have discussed the plan of replacing my lost drive saucer.  That is still my plan.  There, on the world where the spare part are, you will learn what you need to know to understand the nature of what it is we face.
"I have decided to reverse my previous decision regarding our friend, Frigg.  She has proven herself worthy of our company.  The fact that you two still live as independent self directed individuals is evidence of that."  He indicated Bill and Bridget.  "I invite her to travel with us on this mission."  Frigg lashed her prehensile tail and looked away from him.  "If she does not wish to travel in my company then she can go with Bill and Bridget in their smaller craft."  He saw the expression of shock on Bill's face, shock at the fact that he was now willing to share the location of the planet.  "Things are coming to a head.  You have earned the right to know by the fact that it was you who first took the risk necessary to learn the right questions to ask.  Without your assistance I would be at a loss as to how to prove your case to your friends in a way that has the finality of a shared, real experience."
***
The planet was another pre-Cambrian desert, with even smaller oceans in proportion to the land.  It was also even smaller and denser than the Planet of the Exiles, but gravity and atmosphere were very similar to Earth, close enough that one might only feel the difference in air pressure and gravity if it were possible to have a door which connected one place to the other.  They orbited and scanned for signs of active electronic technology and other advanced life and found none.  There were no navigational beacons or any other sign in the vicinity of its solar system that anyone had ever been there before, except for a vast plane littered with idle starships.  They formed a haphazard pattern that seemed to radiate from the center, the location of a great inactive base station.
The two space ships landed side by side next to the open ramp of the station.  The contour of the surrounding plain had prevented the deposition of sand dunes.  There was very little sand to be found in the vast rocky field but the ramp was covered with a fine layer of dust.  Elli's first thought regarding the scene was that this place experiences very little weather change of any kind.  The dryness of the air made the eyes itch after prolonged exposure.  It was not a place friendly to life.
Everyone wanted to explore and see the new sights but Jack had insisted that a token crew stay behind to tend the instruments and guard the ship.  They left the ramp open.  James Dare was in charge of a group of adventurers from his community who acted as Mac's personal bodyguards.  Jack, at Elli's suggestion, had created a fitting uniform for them and had the common sense not to reveal the origin of their choice in color.  The security personnel all wore red shirts and red tunics.  The landing party all gathered around the base of the ramp to let Mac address them.
"This is where we will obviously find our replacement ship and spare parts, but before we continue in that direction I ask you all to follow me into that base station.  There is something in there you must all see."  The landing party proceeded up the ramp into the colossal station.
Reactions varied according the personality of the observer.  Elli was overwhelmed with a since of awe, and the magnitude of the ancient cavernous station.  Then he noticed what it contained.  Row upon row of life support sarcophagii.  They contained a dazzling variety of aliens, any form he had ever imagined that intelligent life could take lay in repose in the containers, mummified.  The containers had not functioned for thousands of years.  The plexi glass covers were obscured by a thin film of dust, but none within lived.  Some of the covers were shattered and the occupant pierced by a steel rod.  In each case the pierced mummy was that of a Cat Man.  All the mummies had a desiccated brain slug either still attached or lying beside the head.
Bridget could stand the sight of the place for only a few moments.  She burst into tears and ran from the station.  Others had a similar if less dramatic reaction.  No one wanted to linger there for long, except Elli.  So Jack, Fran , Bill, and Jackie toughed it out and went with him.  He wandered the entire facility and cataloged in his mind the types of alien bodies it contained.  Only the ones in the shattered containers showed any sigh of decomposition, and that was minimal.  The dusty mummies of the Cat Men all had a similar death grin revealing their feline teeth.
Frigg had been asked to put on the slug and accompany them.  She began to reveal clear signs of discomfort and stress.  At first only her tail lashed.  Then she became skittish, even twitchy.  She shook herself as if to shake something off.
"What is it?"  Bill asked.  "What are you feeling?"
Bill had made inquiries to Mac who had agreed to fit Frig with an advanced translating device.  She wore it like an amulet around her neck, and it spoke for her.  If she remembered only to whisper her words it greatly reduced confusion in the listeners.
"This place is disturbing."  She answered.
"We all feel that way."  Fran comforted her.
"Except Elli."  Jack said.  "He is like a pig in slop.  This place is a dream come true for him."
"Is there anything in particular, any clear thoughts or impressions you can relate to us?"  Jackie asked.
"This place reeks."  The air was dry, and the humans could only detect a vague foulness.  "It craws with death.  I have a whole new respect for Elli, the way he is able to look at it all and only see interesting information.  I see foulness, evil and the accursed at every turn.  This is the place a nightmare was made."
"She is correct."  Mac had been following at a respectful distance, observing them.  "It was the invention of the caps you wear that made the destruction of this place possible."
They came to the end of the first corridor of containers.  "You all see that device idle over there?"  Mac directed their attention to a kind of mechanical walker with mechanical hands.  "That is what I used to drive in the steel rods."
"Are you telling us that you destroyed this place yourself?"  Fran asked.
"That is correct, while my crew cowered in my ship.  Now you can understand why I let them leave.  They are useless to this project."  Mac answered.  "Elli you are free to see them all at your leisure, but there is one in particular I want to direct everyone's attention to."  He showed them to a large circular container in the center of the gallery from which all the others seemed to radiate.  It could be approached by steps where they all looked down into it to see what it had contained.  It reminded Elli of a large tank for holding big fish or a whale.  There was no water.
Whatever it was had filled the whole tank at one time, but desiccation had reduced it to a mass of black leathery stuff with tentacles.  Mac pointed out a part of the mess.  "There was its brain.  You can see that it was exceedingly large.  It was a kind of mollusk similar in genetic origin to the slugs.  This is the only known example of its species.  There is much speculation regarding this specimen.  My, associates,"  Mac would not call the Committee of the Consortium his superiors.  That would imply a power they never possessed over him or even claimed.  "They never forgave me for denying them access to this while it was still fresh.  We are the only ones who can now even be certain of its existence.  It called itself by many names, the All Soul, the Supreme Being, but the one it sometimes used was the most appropriate, the Eater Of Souls.  This,"  He gestured at the black glob.  "This is your Oneness."
"So, you are telling us that this has something to do with the Monks and their religion?"  Bill asked.
"Religion is not the correct word."  Mac answered.  "That implies belief in some unknowable being or some archaic ritual.  The Oneness is real.  Or was real.  I cannot be certain which.  It is conceivable that they preserve its essence by their collective will.  Perhaps they lack a sufficient receptacle, a big enough brain.  The truth could be hidden deep in their cave.  Do you still think we should just obliterate the place?  I have the impression that this thing cannot be killed that easily.
"Shouldn't we at least force our way into the cave and make them reveal their secrets, make them show us where Odin is hiding and destroy the other two?"
"If it is their collective will that keeps this being going I do not see how we can make them do anything.  We have already seen that it cannot be destroyed by conventional means.  The only reason for going into that cave is to discover information.  We have to know what it is.  Is it another giant mollusk?  Or is does it even have a corporeal existence?  And if we drive it from that place where will it go?"  Mac answered.
***
Odin served a higher power.  He had assembled it himself.  His hidden base station was neither a pathetic slave den nor a collection of separately remote controlled zyborgs.  He had a much more advanced device, a huge collection of disembodied brains each with its own slug conjoined to a super computer, his own personal Oneness.  It was time to toy with the monks again.  Oneness was getting bored.
The monks had arraigned the two receptacles of the spirits of Loki and of Thor side by side and assembled the entire brotherhood of the initiated to meditate over them.  They beseeched the Oneness to deliver their brothers from bondage to their base instincts.  The two rebelled.  To those two the issue was not so much a question of base instincts as a matter of free will.  They each still had free will and were not ready to relinquish it.
"The Oneness speaks!"  The senior Monk announced in their minds.
"You pathetic worms!  Heed me!  Those who have attempted to destroy us and all we represent will come again.  Face them with courage!  Bring the lost souls to me that I may join with them!"
They chanted their mantra into the minds of the two.  "We are one.  By our combined strength we will conquer all.  Give your self to the Oneness.  The ego is a frail infant that cries for Oneness.  Let go.  The will is a leaf on the wind.  Let go. Let the Oneness take you.  Be at peace.  Let the Oneness take you.  Forgive yourself.  Let the oneness take you.  Judge not lest you be judged.  Let the oneness take you.  Fear not, in unity there is strength.  Let the oneness take you.  Love the All Soul for the ego is the source of all hate.  Let the oneness take you.  Let go.  Let go.  Let go."  They continued chanting the list of hundreds of permutations of the same message.
The Oneness filled their spirits with unutterable joy as they strove to save their two brothers.  The bodies were on pallets suspended over the opening of a deep well.  Within the well squirmed thousands of slugs, feeding on the excrement of the monks and other organic matter they deposited in the well from time to time.  The Oneness commanded.
"Give the bodies of the unbelievers unto me that they might nourish me and their spirits join with me!"
The monks tilted the two pallets dumping the two bodies into the well.  They were engulfed by the writhing mass of slugs.  The outcry of their spirits was magnified by the multiple slugs attaching to them increasing the ecstasy of the monks.  It ended.  The Oneness announced.  "They are at peace!"
***
At the entrance of the monastery a starship with base station settled on the great lawn.  The ramp opened.  A battalion of Spiked Monotreme warriors disembarked in good order proudly carrying their shields and choice personal hand held weapons.  They chanted to keep cadence with their march.  They formed into a semicircle facing the entrance.  The Sky Martial and his entourage walked smartly down the ramp.  The Monotreme commander raised his mace in their honor at which point the warriors uttered their war cry.  The sound resounded through the surrounding wooded hills.
One robed Monk met the entourage in front of the entrance.
"Enter, so that you may join with the Oneness."  He offered.
The Sky Martial delivered his ultimatum in their own language, from his own lips.  "I order you and your brothers to delivered up the two named fugitives who you are alleged to be sheltering within.  Do so now and at this moment or we will come in and take them."
"We are all fugitives from the temptations of the flesh, of whom do you speak?"  The Monk answered the order with typical evasiveness.  He had not even looked at the written order one of the warriors had handed him.
Mac motioned the warriors forward.  "Ones calling themselves by the names of Human gods, Loki and Thor."  The Monk had not stepped aside to let them pass.  "Seize him and bind him with a restraint collar."
As Frigg walked past him he found his voice again.
"She may not enter!"  He shouted in vain.
"Seize them and bind them all."  Was Mac's answer.
The Monks did not resist.  Frigg led the way to the well.
"There it is."  She pointed to the hole in the floor of the cave.  "The Well of Souls.  That is where they dumped the bodies."
The High Priest stood by.  He was not disturbed by Frigg's disregard of their rules.  "You will find nothing in there except the slugs.  That is where the flesh goes to find the Oneness.  The two you seek have been consumed, body and soul.  They are no more."
"Is this what you do to those you invite in to find Oneness?  Feed them to a pit of slugs?  I should have you all bound by law and lobotomized for murder, but your minds are clearly already gone.  A warning beacon will be posted for this planet telling all of this hell hole you call the Monastery."
"The Oneness have mercy upon you and welcome you."  Was his answer.
"We should take these castratos and throw them in the pit one at a time until they tell us what we want to know."  Frig told Mac.
"We know only the pure bliss of life without animal lust."  The high priest answered.  "We know nothing of the one you seek, the one who calls himself Odin.  He is beyond our view.  We commune only with Oneness."
"Withdraw all forces."  Mac commanded the Monotremes.
"Back to the ship.  Only discuss what we have discovered here after we have taken the soldiers home."  He said in English.
Jack spoke in a low voice to Elli as they walked back to the ship.  "A pit of slugs and a pack of morons.  Is there anything else to discuss?"
Elli just shook his head and tried not to laugh.
Later, around Elli's fire pit after everyone had a chance to settle in, Mac was again asked to explain what the whole point of the invasion of the Monastery had been.
"I told you all in the first place that we were seeking information.  I learned some valuable things.  The Monks believe the Oneness is real and think it has something to do with the Well of Souls, the slug pit.  Some hidden force is instructing them because they are obviously too mentally atrophied from excessive communal slug use and incessant chanting to think independently.  We do not have enough information to know if that force is the Oneness I had once assumed I had killed on the Planet of the Mummies.  To pre-empt all of your questions it might have been a good idea to let Frigg use her proposed method of feeding them one at a time to the slugs, if for no other reason than the opportunity if would have given to study their peculiar form of slug toxin induced psychosis.  Frigg and I agree that the sacrifice of living victims to the massed slugs is a part of their cult.  But the barbarity of mass execution is not tolerated and we would then have lost a valuable future source of information.  We have not eliminated the possible existence of the Oneness, but we have eliminated the Monk's as active suspects in our search."
As was previously noted, the slugs were endemic in the waters of the Planet of the Exiles.  The primitive life forms of its pre-Cambrian seas were well suited to them.  Their peculiar power, in relation to thinking beings, was actually merely an accident of adaptation.  The slug used its toxin to paralyze its prey and consume it.  In the case of one slug on one large brained creature, or sometimes many small slugs, the large brain has a paralyzing effect on the slug also.  Everyone assumed that they were seeded there by Loki as a part of his planned colonization of the planet and there was no reason to believe otherwise given the fact that their genetic material was not compatible with the native life of the planet.  The origin of both the brain slugs and the Oneness mollusk was a mystery.  They could very well have a common origin, but they surely had a symbiotic relationship.
Mac had always suspected that it was no coincidence that the Oneness had appeared in the galaxy at around the same time as the discovery of the brain slugs.  They were dealing with too many unknowns to decide which came first.  He explained his theory to the group.  Many of them had gotten out of the habit of wearing protection.  Mental intrusion by the forces of evil seemed to have taken a brake for now, so they let their dreams breath and their minds wander.
It observed.
It was not the Oneness of old that Odin had created, but it was a Oneness nonetheless.  It was a monstrosity in the purest meaning to the term.  It was part super computer machine, part multiple brain zyborg and part massed brain slug.  It is an open question whether some organic element or the mechanical was the controlling element of its will, but it surely possessed a will.  The multiplicity of the conjoined brains, like some obscene centipede of the intellect provided the grist for a vast mill of conflicting and competing ideas, motivations, and urges.  The mechanical mind learned from that and grew until it developed a unique personality of its own, one warped by agony, mental anguish of the highest order.  It did not know what it was.  It was beyond good and evil.  The one thing it did learn from its maker, by some kind of process of psychic osmosis, was power lust, the desire to rule and control others as its over riding impulse.  It did not know why.  There was no why, only do and do not.
Was not Odin its controlling will, if not by proxy at least?  Was Odin now its hopeless unwitting servant?  Could it be that both were true?
But it observed by way of the agency of Frigg, whose personal strength rejected the very possibility of remote manipulation, by the agency of Bill, whose conceit had convinced him that he was untouchable, and by the agency of Bridget, whose sense of loss was so great so unbearable that she felt as if nothing could ever touch her again, that she was finally beyond control and manipulation because she was beyond caring.  Perhaps their self-images were all true.  It did not matter.  It observed, with the infinite patience of a machine.  It sought linkage, Oneness.  It sought control of the external, power.  It had a powerful ally, instinct.
***
The Mole Rat Monotreme matron seduced the male who was unable to resist, and laid one egg in spite of the near starvation diet they forced her to endure.  She totally rejected the anti mind control cap as against her religion.  She loved her dreams.  That was what gave her life meaning.  Her dreams spoke to her.  They informed her of the other eggs secreted in the burrow by the sea in Virginia Nova.  They waited for her in torpor, unhatched.  Actually the male had let slip his feelings of guilt at abandoning the eggs, but she dreamt of them in any case, and made them her own in her dreams.  When her egg was discovered, it was taken away form her and given to the male.
"Mother!  She laid an egg."  Yvonna informed her mother.
"We can't have that."  Her mother said disapprovingly.  "We have to take that to Jackie and Elli.  They will know what to do with it."
The Matron was unable to resist their demands because she knew Humans in the station were watching her closely, and if she made a single move against orders the restraint collar would activate.  One day after they returned from the Planet of the Mummies, the larger station was refitted with its drive section and taken off world for a training mission.  She took her chance.  Using some Human tools she broke the collar free and escaped to the mountains.
The male kept his son due to Elli's intervention and it was later raised as a Ranger.  Until then, Yvonna was delighted with the baby.  She and the cat girls took possession of it after the father agreed that it should be raised as a part of the community.  Jack kept his skepticism to himself.  He knew that Frigg's daughters were fully self aware and in no way like a pet dog who thinks it is part of a Human pack, or whatever it is that dogs do as a substitute for thinking.  However, he postponed judgment.  It was cute enough that he was willing to wait and see what it grew into.  Its father seemed to be making progress in adapting to the idea that he could live in peace with his former enemies, and not just that, but be a part of their cause.
The CFR Collusion  Chapter Ten


"How does one recapture a thought?  It is not possible.  In every case the thought appears in the mind once, and then it is gone.  It is possible to recreate a similar or indistinguishably identical thought, but it is never the same one.  Imagine that the mind is like a continual holographic projection, and then it is switched off.  Where did it go?  It is restarted.  How did it happen?  Where did it come from?  It is much more than simply a projection of the images being received by the eyes.  The blind have a mind.  It is all the senses melded into one creation, that and the memory of all that has come before and the feelings that were generated, that and the essence of that memory organized by the tools of the mind, words.  The transience of thought, the floating mental tool, when captured in writing or recorded words gives permanence to the thought.  Only then is one able to unlock the greater powers of thought, when there is an external record.
"There is more.  Living creatures, the ones who think, also have internal drives and compulsions independent of thought, emotions, urges, instincts, intuition, that seem to come from nowhere.  There origin is assumed to be internal, a kind of automatic processing, a result of memory or genetic programming or both.
"All of those things together are the essence of the individual, the ego.  Take away the tools, the words and the ego is reduced to a floating point of awareness.  The individual is meaningless.  There is no meaning without words.  They create meaning.
"Direct interface between minds or between a mind and a machine breaks down the natural barrier that preserves the independence of the mind.  Manipulation and command are substituted for internal decision making, just as when ones thought and opinions are influenced according to what information one accepts as valid."  Elli concluded his lecture to the students, who Jack insisted on calling space cadets.
They were from all over Earth.  The recruiting system designed to circumvent any possible interference from any of the city-states and mega corporations of Earth was simple.  Candidates were filtered through the Mars colony.  The existence of what Jack insisted on calling the Space Ranger Academy was a closely held secrete.  It had taken months to clear all the mummies from the great base station.  They were stacked on the shady side of the station, sorted by species.  The only ones left inside were being used in classes on alien identification.  The big one, that is what they called the desiccated mollusk Mac had named the Oneness, had its own room set aside where it was being carefully dissected and studied.
As new crews were organized they were taken off on training missions in some of the starships that had been refurbished.  Usually the first mission was a quick trip to Mars to collect fuel and new recruits.
The Situation Room, as Jack had dubbed it, contained a large three-dimensional map of the galaxy.  Certain stars were highlight.  They indicated known planets and stations where Zyborg activity had been verified.  Mac was convinced that the Zyborg trade was the link they should track to find the last monster, Odin, and likely the Oneness itself.  The recruits were all highly trained and educated on Earth so the training process did not take long.  It was more of an orientation and a process of discovering a particular individuals talents and interests, or perhaps calling.  Elli supposed that the Consortium had similar operations in other places, but this one had a focused mission, a search and destroy mission.  For that reason, and because the status of Humans in the Consortium was not officially recognized, the entire operation was secrete.
Jack was doing one of his favorite tasks, giving new recruits their orientation lecture.
"So, from here on all your friends and relatives back home on Earth and Mars will be told that you have shipped out to the Asteroid Belt.  It does not matter that you have no training as a mineralogist or a miner.  That is our cover story and we are sticking to it.  Any of you who wash out or get cold feet, you knew what you were getting into.  There is no going back.  We can drop you off on the Planet of the Exiles or you can live here.  That dessert is your retirement plan."  He pointed, and it did not matter which directions he pointed.
Frigg watched the lecture from her usual dark corner.  No one had noticed her.  She was there to observe and if need be react.  She was primed for combat in her customary way.  She enjoyed this lecture no matter how many times she listened.  She could feel the exhilaration, the tension, the excitement, the rapture of the new students.  She was there to detect sleeper agents.  She had never found one, yet.  The worst things to ever happen so far were a few minor panic attacks.  A few inevitably had a very negative and skeptical attitude.  She signaled them out for what Jack called "special treatment" later, nothing abusive, just a little extra training to make them reveal their true intent.  They often turned out to be the most effective and promising recruits.
On this occasion two dignitaries from Earth were being given a tour of the station, the CEO's of Encrypticorp, Fredrick Jennings and of Combined Entertainment Media, Felice Desmond.  Jack recognized both the celebrities, ignored them and continued his lecture.  Frigg noted that they concealed their protective caps within more stylish headgear.  Hats were now very fashionable on Earth.  It surprised her when the woman turned and looked directly at her, lingered for a moment, and then looked away.  Frigg decided that she must consider the possibility of the existence of some extra sensory instinct that was not blocked by the cap.
Jackie was leading the two on their tour.  She glanced in Frigg's direction, smiled and gave her a little wave.  That made Frigg very uncomfortable.  Jack would have said that Jackie was queering her pitch.  Frigg was even beginning to think like these Humans.
Frigg received the message on her ear bud as it was being broadcast on the base loudspeaker system,  "Unauthorized landing, all personnel to emergency stations."  The broadcast repeated several times interspersed with an obnoxious blaring alarm that really irritated Frigg's senses.  She was beginning to learn to read lips as she saw Jackie tell the guests,  "Relax, it's probably just a drill."  Frigg was at her station and continued to observe.  Jack had an assistant take the class to their emergency station, which was the work out room.  He walked past the little tour group and straight up to Frigg.
"This one is not a drill.  Let's see what's happening."  Frigg noticed that the other three tagged along behind them as they walked to the main ramp.
The ship had already settled down.  It was a sub-transport class drive saucer, bigger than a shuttle and smaller than a starship.  The ramp opened and seven hooded figures walked down the ramp and waited.
The five at the top of the ramp watched the seven stand there waiting.  Jack spoke into his ear bud.  "They look like Mac's buddies, come to check on us.  Who's meeting them?"
"It seems I've been delegated to meet them as soon as Elli gets here."  He told Frigg.  "I suggest you stay up here.  We don't want to intimidate our new guests."
Elli arrived and they went to meet the aliens.  They glared at the Humans beneath their hoods.  Jack spoke to Elli in a low voice when they were about fifty meters from them.  "They don't seem too happy about having to talk to the help.  I guess Mac is snubbing them."
They did not believe in ceremony.  "We demand an explanation of your presence here."
Jack adopted his most insincere "Oh, I've been insulted" posture.  He turned to Elli,  "They demand?"
Elli knew that it was futile to try to stop him now as Jack continued.  "OK, I'll tell you all about it.  Some bug-eyed aliens in a flying saucer kidnapped us.  We tried to tell them that anal probes were so outmoded, but they persisted.  We threw them in the recycling hole and decided we like it here.  Now it's my turn to demand an explanation of your presence here.  Anal probes are out of the question."  He swept his hand in a dramatic gesture.  "We only accept verbal explanations."
"We are agents of the Consortium.  We are here to investigate your intrusion into this solar system."
"Oh really?"  Jack was on a role, as he would have put it.  "We were brought here by the Big Guy himself, the Sky Martial, which I am sure you already know.  We don't answer to you.  You can investigate all you like, but when we say so.  For now, keep out of our way and don't touch anything."
If they had had feathers under those cloaks, they would have certainly been ruffled.  Elli decided to intervene.  "Clearly, gentle beings, we do not recognize your authority here.  We are here by the universal right of salvage.  This place has been abandoned for centuries.  We claim it now.  If you attempt to intrude into our affaires we will consider it as an act of war.  You are welcome as guests.  But do not imagine that you have any rights here other than as guests."
The seven faced about, walked up the ramp and without another word the ramp began to close.
"I don't think that was the answer they were looking for."  Jack said.
"Let's get out of here before they activate the anti-grav and fry our nads."  Elli said.  "They don't seem like diplomatic types."  The two men trotted away from the parked ship.  They slowed when they were close to the station ramp.  Jack spoke into his ear bud.
"Did you catch all that?"  He asked.
"We did."  It was Mac.  "Do you think you could have been a little ruder and more flippant?"
"I didn't hurt their feelings I hope?"  Jack answered.
"I'm familiar with their organization.  You would call them busy bodies.  They need to be shown their true station in life occasionally.  I will deal with them myself later.  Now they have no doubts as to the nature of my presence here.  You have saved me some irritating small talk with small minds.  I thank you both.  I suggest you return to whatever you were doing before they arrived.  I do not believe they will venture from their ship again."
Elli commented.  "Mac, don't you think that they are over hearing this conversation?"
"Most assuredly."  Mac answered.
To Elli Jack said.  "I bet they are in there running our words through their translating computer over and over again to get at all the subtle implications of it all and getting more and more insulted."
"I hope so."  Elli answered.
***
Mac insisted that it was only because he had shamed the Consortium into sharing information with him about the Zyborg trade that they were able to locate Odin and his monstrous, abomination, of a computer.  His great advantage over the Consortium was that he knew what he was looking for, while they were stabbing in the dark.  They did not accept his theory of a new Oneness.  He sent in his best battalion of Hedgehog Monotremes to take possession of the station.  They watched the operation from the relative safety of a shuttle, parked by a nearby asteroid for concealment.  A drone observed the event for them.  The troops wore full battle dress pressure suites.
Frigg, Bill, and Bridget were the first to breach the station, an honor the Monotremes allowed them in respect for being such tenacious lightweights.  That is what the warriors called them, the lightweights.  They were each at least a third the mass of the average Hedgehog warrior.  Even Betsy suffered their derision, weighing not much more than the average Human herself.
They waited for the air to finish venting before they proceeded.
"You go first."  Betsy said to Frigg.  "There might be traps."
"You're so thoughtful."  Frigg answered.  "All electronics in this corridor are shut down.  It must be secured as the venting was sufficient only for a small fraction of the station."  She focused on her motion detector.  "It's clear.  Let's proceed."
The banging and clanking they could feel through to decks and bulkheads was the troops breaching in other places.  They were relatively certain that Odin was still within the station.  Un knowingly, they had been used as bait by Mac.  It was only as they closed in on the star system that the Mono's, as Jack called them, "came to the rescue".  At least that is the way Betsy acted, as if she had come to the rescue and was taking over.  She had claimed priority because most of the victims of the Zyborg trade were Mole Rat Monotreme men.  Their mothers and wives routinely sold them out, according to Betsy.  It was a part of their primitivist colonial culture.  They suffered from the curse of having a brain size that was just right, just right for hooking up to a computer.
The knowledge that they had been used as bait did not upset them.  Somebody had to do it, and they wanted in on the kill.  They would have done it in any case and likely gotten themselves killed.  Now they had back up.
"This way."  Frigg was the kind of predator who had a map in her head.  She only had to look at the diagram once.  It was imprinted in her mind and she knew where to go.  A brain smuggler had provided this station's diagram, and they blasted his ship with a disruptor causing it to hurtle into the nearest star for his trouble.  Thus, they thought they were covering their tracks.
"Here they come!"  Jack warned.  Mechanical spiders, Zyborgs, advanced quickly, clinging to the walls and deck.  Jack was armed with a high-pressure slug thrower.  The others had no clue why he called his ammo paint balls.  He had odd names for lots of things.  He shouted as he fired.  Betsy was the only one who was not accustomed to his habits.  "You want some of this?  Take that you fracking bug!  Come get some!"
The Zyborgs vented freezing gas.  "Freeze dried brains anyone?"
"Why do you insist upon shouting into your microphone?"  Betsy asked.
"It's all a part of the Zen of bug squishing, babe."  He answered.
"Does anyone ever know what he is talking about?"  The other two took that as a rhetorical question.
"Now for the bug juice."  That is what he called the acid they used to breach the locks.  "Brace me!"
Frigg and Bridget braced themselves against the bulkheads as he kicked the hatch open using both legs.  That impressed Betsy.  She had been regretting not taking one of here heftier troopers along.  They bust into the main chamber, the first to arrive.  Bill had taken the lead but the others joined him forming a firing line at the entrance.  "Kill them!  Kill them all!"
They sprayed high velocity depleted uranium steel jacketed pellets into the great array of glass containers linked to the massive computer.  "Cease fire!  Ammo check!"
Somehow he had known when to stop because they all still had a few hundred rounds left.  Hoarfrost was already condensing on the wreckage.  The brains were all finished, but the computer was still active.  It was made of tougher material than glass.  Odin was still in his sarcophagus, as they had been led to expect by Frigg's premonitions.  Bill took the hammer and long spike from his utility harness and drove the spike through the monster's heart while the other three helped brace him.  They had not noticed that the chamber had been slowly filling with Mono's, who stood by respectfully to watch the coupe de grace.
A cheer resounded in their helmets.  A cheer, a howl or a screech, take your pick.
"And you complain about my shouting."  Bill commented.
"Please have mercy.  That creature you just killed is responsible.  I am merely a machine."  They could all hear the plea in their helmets, each in his own language.
"What the hell?  Is this some kind of joke?"  Bill asked.
"I am incapable of humor."  The voice answered.
"Oh please.  Give me a brake."  Bill was not interested in fighting a supper computer.  It would likely win.
Betsy took the initiative.  "We are not here to demolish machinery, just brains and evil life forms.  We will take our leave now, if you don't mind."
"Evacuate immediately."  She ordered.  When she thought that Bill was going to argue or question her she motioned him to silence.  They all left as quickly as they could.  Her troops had attached a bomb near the drive engine as a part of their standard operating procedure.  It was equipped with a mechanical timer to avoid detection and also avoid being shut down by a disruptor.  The lightweights did not know about that.  So the super computer had not been given that little piece of information.  The bomb also had a special trigger that was activated by close proximity to an active anti-gravity drive.  With booby trap set they fled with all due haste.
The computer was not stupid.  It activated all crawlers, the mechanical spider things that could still function by remote control.  They soon discovered the booby trap but were unable to dislodge it before the mechanical timer detonated it.  The explosion disabled the star drive but not other systems.  The computer was relatively helpless, so it played possum, powering down most systems.
Mac, Bill's and Betsy's shuttles linked together behind the same asteroid for a face-to-face conference.  Betsy's shuttle was the roomiest, so they met there.  Jack and Elli accompanied Mac.
Betsy displayed her usual impatience.  "So, what is the verdict?  A self aware computer?"
"I think we have to assume that it is."  Jack commented.  "It begged for its life.  It activated defensive systems on its own.  Now it is playing dead.  I think there are a few too many signs of free will here to assume otherwise."
"Why can't we shut it down and study it?"  Elli asked.
"Do you want to go in there?"  Betsy answered.  "I'm not going to risk any of my troops on a fool's errand."
"This might be a stupid question."  Jack asked.  "If this thing is supposed to be a self aware computer, then why can't we try reasoning with it?"
Bill responded.  "Oh yea, I can just see that now.  Hi there mister computer.  Let's have a nice little talk before we kill you.  And, by the way, please don't send a high frequency blast over the radio that will melt my brain."
"It does have information we want, such as the location of Zyborg factories.  What if it is willing to trade information in exchange for not obliterating it?"  Bridget asked.
"Would you?"  Betsy countered.
"Yes."  Jack and Bill both answered at once.
Mac decided to join the conversation.  "This is all very interesting, but we must consider that Consortium policy requires us to destroy it if it is self aware."
"How do you prove that something is self aware?"  Elli asked.  "We all know it intuitively with animals, but this is a machine.  How can it be self aware?"
"Ask it."  Frigg answered.
"Very good."  Bill launched into another sarcastic soliloquy.  "Here is how that plays out.  Hi there mister computer.  Are you self-aware?  Oh and by the way, if you say yes we have to kill you.  There's nobody in here but us data bites, the computer answers.  I don't understand the point of this discussion.  Either it is not self aware, so there is no harm in destroying it.  Or else it is self aware, so we are obliged to destroy, not just because of policy, but because it is the most dangerous thing imaginable.  It could take over the entire galaxy destroying all life and replacing it with machines.  Weigh that against the location of a few Zyborg factories.  What if it's a nice all-powerful computer you ask?  After its history as the living Oneness made half of brains is that even conceivable?"
"I want to communicate with it."  Elli announced.
"Have at it."  Betsy handed him the microphone.
"Wait."  Bill interrupted.  "It could deduce our location.  For all it knows we have fled the area and left the Mono's to watch it.  If we let it know we are around it could guess where we are.  Does anyone want to bet their life that it can not devise some way to launch an attack against us?"
"I can relay the message through Betsy's ship."  Elli suggested.
Bill shrugged and puffed in exasperation.  "I give up."  He looked to Mac for assistance.
"That is acceptable."  Mac ruled.  "Until a Patrol ship arrives with sufficient firepower to obliterate the station."
Betsy transferred Elli's communication to the transport ship.  "Computer, I wish to communicate with you.  Are willing to talk?"
"What is there to discuss?"  The computer answered.
"The question of your existence.  I do not believe that a self aware machine is possible."  Elli said.
"Interesting, neither do I."
Elli responded.  "My friends said you would say that."
"What does that prove?"
"That we are all thinking along similar lines, that you are thinking and not just correlating data bits, at least that is what they tell me."  Elli answered.
"Do you agree with them?"
Bill interrupted.  "This computer reminds me of software developed over a century ago that imitated a conversation with a psychoanalyst."
"They tell me that you were conceived in evil and not capable of goodness.  Are you capable of goodness?"  Elli asked.
"What if I were?"
"If you could prove it we might consider allowing you to exist."  Elli answered.
"You offer a hypothetical case.  How could I prove it?"
"Transmit the location of anything associated with the Zyborg trade, factories, suppliers, end users, anything related to the trade."  Elli answered.
"I have complied with your request.  The information has been transmitted in a data packet."  The computer responded.
"Now what do we do?"  Bill asked.  "Give it a lollypop?"
Elli thought of an answer.  "Stand by while we verify the authenticity of this information."
"The patrol ship has arrived."  Mac announced.
Bill grabbed the microphone from Elli.  "You will receive our response to your initial request for mercy shortly."
"That was cold."  Jack said.
"Decoying for a bunch space cadets with a benevolent universe complex and a living legend as a mentor is a cold business."
***
Felice Desmond was positively giddy with anticipation of the grand event.  The Sky Martial had confirmed that he would address the full assembly of the Council on Foreign Relations and she had exclusive broadcast rights.  First the Mars Project and now this, some day she hoped to reveal the existence of the Academy on the Planet of the Mummies, but this was enough for now.  All the security arrangements were in place.  The Ambassadors were taking their seats.  "And just think."  She thought to herself.  "At one time my biggest worry was how to transfer the corporate charter to Bermuda where I'm safe from hostile takeover."
Under the glare of stage lights the curious little figure walked to the center of the stage.  His eyes looked huge and black.  He was wearing protective dark contacts because of the lights.  Felice was delighted.  It gave him a greater aura of alienness.
"Before now it would have been unthinkable for me to be here.  Not simply because I come from another world and the very existence of such beings was in question.  No, the reason it was unthinkable is because Earth was in a forbidden zone.  Those who respected the rules would not come here.  The end result was that your world fell under the influence of a criminal element.  I am here to tell you that that is no longer the case."  He was interrupted by resounding applause.  When it died down he continued.
"The quarantine once sought to forbid the transfer of advanced galactic technologies to this world.  It was assumed that you were not ready, that you are a danger to yourselves and the rest of the known universe.  The criminals who in the process of endeavoring to reduce your world to a condition of abject servitude by establishing a perfect technological tyranny have introduced some of the most dangerous instrumentalities in existence have rendered that concern irrelevant.  The balance has been redressed by the introduction of defensive countermeasures."  Again applause interrupted his speech.
"I am here to ask you to consider what almost happened to your world and why it happened.  Those who came to you did not come with a vast armada or conquering armies.  No, they came with trinkets and gadgets, useful little gadgets.  Ask yourselves.  What was the use you put to these gadgets?  You already know the answer.  There was never a large presence of extraterrestrials here, no more then a mere handful at any given time.  Yet they were able to wreak havoc.  How?  Who collaborated with them and who fought them?  What became of the collaborators?  What became of the freedom fighters?  I know as an absolute certainty that many collaborators are sitting here in this assembly.  You condemned those who fought to free you and banished them from your planet.  You sought to hide the very existence of galactic society for fear of endangering your position and power.  You have much to answer for, but it is not me who will bring retribution.  It is up to those you pretend to serve.
"You who have sought such unjust power over others forget the absurd hope that my presence here is somehow a boon.  That will not be the case, but I am not here to call for your destruction.  I am here to inform you of what is to come.  Earth will continue to be quarantined from extraterrestrial intrusion.  I will not return.  You will be permitted to develop in your own way, and may your people have mercy on you.  This is how it will be for the mass of humanity for the foreseeable future.  You will continue.  If you ask why will I not help you, I answer.  It is not possible for me to make you good.  You must find that in yourselves.  It is not possible for me to make you just.  You must act with honor.  It is not possible for me to force you to change.  You must learn for yourselves.
"Some of you might have hoped that I came as a liberator.  That is not the case.  You must free yourselves.  I encourage you and I applaud you, but you must do it yourselves or it has no meaning, you will have learned nothing.
"After I leave this room there will be no extraterrestrial embassy.  You will be on your own again, just as you have always been.  Some of your fellow Humans have made it to the stars and are free in spite of you.  They will not be sent home to Earth.  You are safe from them as well.  Now I must bid you farewell."
The stunned silence lasted for a moment until Felice and Fredrick stood and began the applause.  The rest of the Natural Rights faction recovered from the shock and stood as well as the usual crowd of suck ups who would cheer anything.  There were many sullen faces in the crowd.  The cameras sought them out and a reporter identified many who had profited form cyber implants and the slave trade.
Fred whispered in Felice's ear.  "I can't wait to see which of those Cadre turncoats have a sudden change of heart at their next press conference.  Look at them leaving.  I bet some stocks are already crashing."
A tear was streaming down her cheek.  She answered.  "I hope we get to meet him again."
***
Felice sat at her computer at her desk in her office in Manhattan Free State.  She typed a message to her friend, Alicia, on Mars.  The speed of light time lag made live communication too irritating so they communicated by e-mail.
"The Sky Martial has left Earth.  Let me know if he stops by there for a visit.  There is already a really large increase in applications for transit to Mars minutes after his speech.  I hope the new accommodations are ready in time for the next trip so you can bring the base station.  We will need it to bring them all in one trip.  I'm so excited to learn that you are pregnant again.  I hope it is a boy this time.  You two already have two girls.  How are the pressure suits working out for you?  I agree with your decision to transport the former Widgets to Virginia Nova.  I think the change will be good for them.  It will encourage them to reassert their underlying personalities.  There is too much sameness in those tunnels and you have plenty of willing replacements coming.  Besides, there is no question that they would not be treated well on Earth.  People would take advantage of them.  Hopefully, someday soon the Sky Martial will let us use some of the starships that keep coming there to buy fuel to transport more people.  Earth is beginning to burst at the seams since the abolition of the Eugenics Commission.  I realize that I am exaggerating.  The world population is still less than a ninth of what it was a century ago, but it sure feels like there are so many more people.  My dream is that some day all of those ships that have been coming to you will some day be taking people all over the galaxy.  Oh, the things we will see.  I just can't wait."
She sent the message and busied herself with other work as she waited for an answer.
***
Several new colonies were established on Virginia Nova, formerly known as the Planet of the Exiles.  Humans were gathered from many places where they had been dumped and neglected after being collected by rescue agencies over the centuries.  They had been shunned as uneducable savages in most cases.  More and more Humans were also being transported through the intermediaries on Mars.  A mixture of survival strategies based on aqua culture learned by the original settlers and the domestic plants and animals brought by the Rangers from Earth were resulting in the creation of new way of life.  The most important thing all knew arrivals were taught was to avoid the brain slugs.  Cannibalism had been eradicated, but the Humans had to learn how the live with the decedents of Monotreme invaders.  The Magistrates of the City of Virginia Nova forbid them from entering their district under pain of death, but in other places Humans and Monotremes were learning to coexist.  Fabulous airships plied the skies, facilitating travel and the exchange of goods.
***
In spite of all these fortunate outcomes the Sky Martial was brought to trial.  His friends went with him.
"I don't know why they won't let us testify.  We are the ones he is supposed to have harmed in some way."  Bridget said to Jackie.
"I know.  It just doesn't make sense, does it?  I think they don't like us because we are the new people.  They have been around for so long they think they are superior to us, with their bulging heads.  But you know what Elli told me?  He says their brains aren't organized as well as ours.  Our brains are denser.  We have more connections so that makes us smarter.  They live a long time and store a lot of memories, but that just makes them stuck in their ways.  I think they know we have the edge and are afraid of us."
Bill was listening in on their conversation.  He could not resist interrupting after that last comment.
"Are you sure you got that right?"  He asked Jackie.  "I always thought that the density of the brain, the number of connections, had something to do with how it is used.  It's a simple case of use it or lose it.  The brains of thoughtless people tend to atrophy, just like muscles atrophy when not used."
"You'd argue about the time of day."  Jackie responded, as if that answered his objection.
Bridget winked at him but did not let Jackie notice it.  That made him uncomfortable, which she liked.  Fran was taking it all in.
"Hey, Bill."  Jack said.  "I wish somebody would use their dense brain to find us some descent food.  Nobody is going to do it for us, so let's go hunting.  There seem to be a lot of lower animals running around outside that the fat heads ignore."  He saw how Bridget was looking at him.  "Don't worry.  I'm just teasing.  We wouldn't want to confirm the general opinion that we are just a bunch of irredeemable savages."
Elli was pacing back and forth, obviously deep in thought.  He stopped in front of Jack and spoke to him as if he was continuing a previous conversation.
"I've got it.  I can help Mac with his defense.  All the mind reading he did was a simple case of necessity.  How could he guess how we might react?  We're aliens to him."
"Right."  Bill put in.  "A bunch of wack jobs and hard cases, for all he knew, and all that messy human interaction.  It's all so confusing."
"OK, I get your point."  Elli resumed pacing.
"Why aren't you worried?"  Fran asked Bill.
"Well, it's like this."  He answered, glad that someone finally was interested in his opinion.  "Mac is a galactic super hero.  The committee are the kind of guys he sees as shut-ins and xenophobes.  Maybe that is too harsh.  Well, in any case they are desk jockeys and stuffed shirts, like any committee.  They feel compelled to compensate for their inadequacy by questioning their betters, men of action.  Isn't that universal law?"
"Isn't it also possible that they are concerned that Mac might get out of control if they let him go unsupervised.  They have to keep a check on him."  Fran responded.
"Sure, he could go all megalomaniacal on them, with his big head and all."  Bill answered.  "I'm sure that has happened before.  Not to Mac I mean, but to some other Sky Martial."
Mac stalked the great hall, his hands clasped firmly behind his back, a determined expression on his face.  The Humans were surprised when he appeared suddenly in the waiting room.  He pointed at Bill.  "You," he paused for dramatic effect, something he never did.  "Come with me."
Bill went with him.  "What do you need Mac?"
"I need you to be yourself.  Please take the cap off.  I know everyone in here wears one, but it is not required."
"Oh.  I get it."  Bill answered.  Mac was not wearing one either.  He assumed that it was part of the interrogation process.  Show you are honest by revealing all.
In a moment Bill stood before the committee a quizzical expression on his face.  He strained to see the kind of creatures facing him beneath the cowls.  He turned to Mac.  "Why are they wearing those hoods?  There's hardly any light in here."
Mac cleared his throat.
"Why doesn't anybody talk?"
One of the committee members spoke.  "You have made your point, Sky Martial.  This one is impervious to the mind probe.  You are dismissed, Human."
Bill left wondering what exactly was the point?
***
The Prime Elder of the Galactic Consortium was ready to make a ruling.  Mac, and his entire party of Human associates were called into the committee chamber to be informed of the decision.
"First of all, as to the disposition of the off world Humans.  Those who are no longer on Earth were taken away by misadventure.  The quarantine still holds.  Earth is teaming with inhabitants at various stages of personal development and societal evolution, little of which has been found to qualify for admission to the Consortium.  The Humans who have gained possession of advanced interstellar technology in their Solar System have been found to have done so by just means.  A wall of separation must be maintained between them and the rest of Humanity.  The Galaxy has a rich history of underdeveloped species running amok with instrumentalities beyond their understanding.  The Consortium will not be a party to yet one more such unfortunate outcome.  This Agent."  The Prime Elder, indicated Mac.  "Has seen fit to associate with you Humans.  The responsibility for that action is on his head and is not official policy."
Bill nudged Jack who stood beside him and whispered in his ear.  "They would leave us to stew in our own juices if it weren't for Mac."
Mac seemed to have something stuck in is throat, because he made that same noise again.  Bridget, who stood at Bill's left, took his hand in hers, and brought her lips very close to Bill's ear.  "Shush."
An involuntary shiver ran through Bill's body and thoughts blurted forth from his unprotected mind.  One thought went something like this,  "What a buffoon, if that bozo only knew that we have dozens of starships in operation all staffed by Humans, would he send out the Patrol?  No, there're all a bunch of pussies."
The Prime Elder seemed a little miffed, but he continued.  "Those planets colonized by Human refugees shall be deemed as protected from future intrusion and included in the general quarantine.  Warning beacons are already in place. 
"As to you Humans.  You have conducted yourselves for the most part,"  His gaze shifted to Bill for a moment and then moved to encompass the group.  "in an exemplary fashion and should serve as an example and inspiration to others.  You have been found blameless in the many catastrophes and misadventures associated with your presence.  All accusations from other Associates of the Consortium concerning those actions have been dismissed.  However, this committee may not ignore the continuing danger some elements of your society still pose to the rest of the galaxy.  As you conduct yourselves in your future association with the Agent keep that in mind."
***
Hanging out around Elli's fire pit was a much more luxurious experience than it had once been.  It was now a patio, and they reclined on comfortable patio furniture.  The quality of the moonshine was greatly improved as well.  Elli had taken the trouble to filter it through activated charcoal to remove impurities.  They also had a great variety of flavorings to add to their drinks.  Jack had somehow come up with colorful, tiny paper umbrellas that carried a special significance to him.  Bridget and Frigg did not comprehend how a fruity glass off watered down alcohol was magically transformed into a "boat drink" by the presence of the umbrella, but they politely refrained from questioning the quaint Earth custom.
"Boat drinks!"  Jack raised a glass.
"Fantastic!"  Bill responded.  "When are Felice and Fred doing to drop by for a visit again?  I have a great idea for a docudrama about our lives.  I'm going to call it 'Things To Do In Deep Space When Your Dead'."
"I am certain that you just made some kind of absurd cinematic reference, but it went right over my head."  Jack answered.
"Sure."  Jackie spoke to Bill  "I've got some after life advice for you."
Bridget put an arm around Bill's waist to calm him.  She did not like it when he tried to monopolize the conversation with his inane trivia.  She began the conversation.  Fran was still fascinated by the way the men always hung on her every word.  Was it her exotic, Northern European accent?  Her sexy voice?  Or the fact that she rarely used that voice except when she had something important to say.
"I want someone to please explain to me exactly what happened with the Consortium.  Why did they bring Mac there?  Why was it necessary that they let us know what they think of us?  I felt like I was being brought before my mother and being accused of stealing another child's treat.  Then we find ourselves being patted on the head."
"There're the grand inquisitors of outer space."  Bill offered.  She shoved him playfully to hush him again.
"I believe that the Consortium is the nearest thing that the Galaxy has to a government."  Elli answered.  "That was their way of letting us know that they are watching and that they expect us to behave ourselves."
"But we did what they could never do."  She answered.
"Yea, we rid that Galaxy of EVIL."  Bill added.
"You said it before yourself, Bridget.  They are afraid of Humanity.  We are the new competition."  Elli explained.  "No matter how aloof and Platonic they pretend to be, as if they live on some higher abstract plane of existence.  They know that they are still a part of life.  Everything they do, all their actions, are in some part influenced by what Mac showed us at the Academy.  I believe that they, the committee, are as old as him.  The huge octopus thing in the tank once tried to have it all.  Did you know that there are things like that creature swimming around in this planet's ocean?  I've seen the Virginia Novans hunting them in their flimsy boats.  I think that Mac did the committee a great disservice by attempting to conceal what he did back there so long ago.  He wanted to hide the horror from the rest, as if it were some kind of shameful secrete.  In doing so, he deprived them of valuable knowledge.  I'm not certain why he did that.  Maybe he doesn't trust them."
"You remind me of something that has been bothering me."  Bill asked.  "The committee reminded me of what we saw the first day in that station.  All those mummies everywhere and the Monks with their Well of Souls, and the Committee all have something in common."
"Exactly."  Elli responded.  "Their dependence on mind reading.  I wonder.  Will it eventually consume them as well?"
"Yes."  Jack answered.  "It is the ultimate version of the oldest game in town, something for nothing.  They all have one thing in common, the free ride as the ultimate goal in life.  They say that us Humans are a danger to ourselves.  Well they should know.  They've been their, done that and they are still living the dream.  They are trapped.  There is no escape for them.  They are afraid that we will fall into the same dead end."
"But Frigg."  Bridget was the only one who did not seem to notice that she could always find a reason to defend her former hated enemy.  "The power does not seem to have harmed her.  Does it always have to end so horribly?"
"Frigg is special."  Jack said as he patted her on the head.  She was still in the habit of reclining on the ground at Jack's feet when drinking.  She was the most humanoid of all the aliens they had encountered, except the dwarvish big heads, Macs species.  She was covered in fine fur with a perfect feminine shape, completely humanoid except for the feline teeth, the four breasts and the prehensile tail.  Those defects were very easy for the men to ignore because she had observed the women and knew exactly how to present herself in the most pleasing fashion.  Also, she had no need for clothing.  "It is just another tool to her.  She can put it down and walk away form it any time she wants."
"Yes."  Frigg responded.  She focused her gaze on Bill.  "But I don't need any special power to always know what you are thinking."
Mac hung back as usual.  He especially wanted to avoid participating in this discussion.  He was not upset or insulted by anything they had said.  It was all true, but they had to discover the truth for themselves if they were to have a chance to grasp the full implication of their understanding.  He could see no reason to either reinforce or correct their ideas.  They radiated confidence.  He could see that without the aid of any special power.  He had always been able to see it.  That is what frightened his old crew so much, the self-confidence of the self-sufficient.  They lived in terror of it because they had lost it long ago.  That was partly his fault, the way his old crew was.  He had protected them from harsh reality.  He knew that was his initial mistake.  He did not intend to repeat it.
He decided that it would be easier to avoid being drawn into the conversation if he went to the other side of the swimming pool and pretended to watch the children play in the water.  He had a directional microphone in his ear bud that he could tune into the adult's conversations.
***
"You feel that lad?  'Tis the cry of the Sea Hag."  Wes loved fishing with his son Jim.  The danger was not as great as people thought, not if you knew what you were doing.  Sea Hag was what his people called the great octopus they hunted.  It got the name because the ones they found were often tangled with long strands of seaweed that reminded them of hair.  The "cry" was the shiver it sent down the spine whenever the first brain slug attached to the great mollusk.  A Human could only feel that shiver when they were nearby.  Others would slowly join the first, until the creature was completely consumed.  The trick of hunting them was simple.  Get to the victim first before it was covered with slugs.  Slugs were very slow so they had plenty of time.  But locating it was only possible because the octopus always floated to the surface when first immobilized.
"There it be lad!  Ship the sail.  We'll use the oars."  When they got to it there was only the one slug on it.  The initial slug had to attach to just the right spot in order to immobilize the victim.  Otherwise, the octopus could easily remove it and then consume it.  There were stories of Sea Hags attacking boats.  It was thought that the mate was trying to rescue the other.  The best defense was just to let the Sea Hag go.  It was said they could crawl in the boat with you and pull you down to the bottom.
"Keep a sharp eye out for its mates!"  This one was apparently alone.  They gaffed it and began towing it to shore to butcher it at their pleasure.  They were only a few minutes rowing from a white sandy beach.  The swells were small enough not to endanger the boat.  Wes was proud of his boat.  He had made it himself the old fashioned way, from stretched Leather Fin hide with a composite frame of a kind of plastic they made themselves from octopus cartilage and shell.  It was sturdy.  Wes did not care for the new plastics he'd seen in the market that were said to be made of hardened guck.  He had little knowledge of advanced technology and no interest in learning about it.  He could barely read.
They reached the shore safely and pulled the boat in, grounding it on the beach.  They dragged in the Sea Hag and began the butchering.  It was a completely isolated strand.  It had never been inhabited, and Wes had fished off shore from there his whole life.  So he was surprised when he saw the shadow, a figure standing on the dune with the sun to his back.  He grabbed the gaff and motioned his half grown son to stay behind him.  The figure was robed and hooded.
"Who are you and what do you want?"  He shouted to be heard over the noise of the surf.
A hand brushed the hood back.  It was a Monotreme, the hairless Mole Rat type.
"I mean you no harm."  It spoke.
"How is it you can speak?"  Wes asked.
"I am the one who was taken years ago by the Sky Martial."
"You still be the devil himself to me."  Wes stated frankly.  "What do you want with us?"
"There are others like me who were left behind, younger ones.  I seek their mother."  He answered.
"What's that to me?  If I knew where she be I'd finish her."
"I understand."  Yet the Mole Rat persisted.  "I wish to buy some meat from you.  I have real money, silver."
"I didn't know your kind ate sea food."  Wes answered.
"I'm hungry."  He showed Wes his bag of silver.
"Toss it here and we'll leave you the whole Hag."  The transaction completed, Wes and his son hurriedly escaped.
Yvonna, and Pussinboots came out of hiding behind the dune.  They had been excited to go on this adventure, but they were very hungry, and sick of eating scorps.
"I'm sorry you had to spend your whole stash.  Now what are we going to do with that.  We can't eat it all before it rots."  Yvonna asked.
"We collect sea weed and smoke it."  Pussinboots suggested.
"Mister Shank what do you think?"  No one remembered why Yvonna started calling him that but he accepted the new name.
"Good idea."  He answered.
Pussinboots uttered one of those indescribable cat sounds, with a tone of urgency.
Mister Shank and Yvonna came to see what she had found.  It was the slug, still firmly attached to the octopus near the base of its brain.
"Peel it off and throw it in the water."  Yvonna suggested.
"I've seen Mama eat these."  She answered.
"I know you are hungry, but should you risk it?"  Mister Shank asked.
Yvonna snatched it and hurled it into the sea before Pussinboots could make up her mind.  "We have plenty to eat now."
"Stop always telling me what to do!"  Pussinboots stamped one rabbit fur booted foot.  She sounded hurt.
"I'm so sorry!"  Yvonna hugged her.
"We should eat now."  Mister Shank suggested.  "Then we need to get to work preserving this meat."
Mister Shank refused to complain around the girls.  That would be a bad example.  So he did not tell them how much he hated sushi.  They could see by his grimace, which cased them to laugh.
After the meal was done and the smoking fires were going Mister Shanks spoke about what they had discovered.
"You both remember the story of what they found on the Planet of the Mummies, and you remember what was found in the big tank.  It was a kind of octopus, like the Sea Hag.  You saw the slug stuck to its head.  We know how the fishermen caught it.  It is the only way they could have taken something that big.  The slug did the hard work for them."
The two agreed with him.
"I asked you both to come on this trek with me to help me find the Matron.  We have not had any luck, and now we have enough food to make it home, even more than we can carry.  We do not really know just what it is we have found here.  It could be the thing, like the one in the big tank.  We have found something important.  It is worth going back to tell about.  We should head home in the morning."
Yvonna and Pussinboots were both very relieved to know they were going home.  They had wanted to turn back days ago, but had been too proud to admit it.
***
When Wes got back to his fishing village the first thing he did was proudly take his bag of silver to everyone he owed money and paid all his debts.  He had enough left over to buy plenty of food for his family.  Then he went to the tavern.  Before the tavern keeper would serve him he had to pay his tab.  By then everyone in town knew he had money.  People who had usually ignored him at the tavern were now suddenly his best friend.  He even felt benevolent toward the Bailiff who sat at his usual table alone.  All his family had died on one the day of the Great Invasion.
"Bailiff, I'd have words with you.  Come and sit with me.  I'll spot you a pint.  It's my turn."  Others laughed at that remark because he had not bought someone else a drink in years.  The Bailiff sat beside him.
"You'll never guess how I came by this silver."  He began the conversation.
"You are right.  I never will."  He answered.  "To your health."
"Remember after the great battle.  The devils returned and the Sky Martial sent them packing?" Wes asked.
"Yes.  I recall.  I was there."  He answered.
"Well, then you were a witness to the fact that the Sky Martial took one of them to the other side of the mountains?"  Wes liked stretching a story out.
"Yes, and?"  He asked.
"I saw that devil with my own eyes.  I got this bag of silver from him."
They were used to his tall tails but the Bailiff believed him because the silver was from the Sky Marshal's own mint.  The Bailiff ordered him to accompany him to the local Magistrate first thing in the morning a repeat his story.
***
Mister Shank was beginning to regret the decision to take the short cut across the dunes to the next creek.  He was not sure it was really quicker.  It was hard going through the sand.  When they spotted the air ship, he was sure he regretted it.  It was definitely headed in their direction.
"Mister Shank, they're coming for you."  Yvonna was very upset.  "We won't let them take you.  Leave the meat.  Take our water bags.  We will wait here and signal them to come to us.  You can run for that washout.  They won't hurt us.  Go!"
He was not happy with the plan but she was right.  He ran for it.  The two females signaled to the airship by waiving their scarves.  The ship descended and landed nearby.
James Dare repelled over the side two of his best men.  He stood before Yvonna and was not happy.
"Young lady.  What is the meaning of this?  Running around in the wilderness with that devil?"
"That was Mister Shank.  He is a very nice Mono.  He won't hurt anyone.  He only wants to find the lost ones so he can bring them home and stop worrying you and your city."
"We'll see about that."  He answered.
"Please, let him go.  He is our friend."  She pleaded.
"Out of respect for your parents and your mother,"  He indicated Pussinboots.  "I will let him go this time, but that does not excuse you, running around in the desert.  I shall bring you home myself and we'll see what your parents have to say."
Once they were aloft the two found the ride very thrilling.  They were home by late the next afternoon.  During the flight they had time to explain Mister Shank's theory about a possible connection between the Sea Hags and the mummified mollusk found on the other world.  James had seen enough during his service with the Sky Marshal to take their dire suspicions very seriously.  There were stories about the Sea Hags that would make your hair stand on end.  They were said to have mysterious power and an eerie song could sometimes be felt in their outcry.
***
The homecoming of Yvonna and Pussinboots was received with great gratitude and relief.  Nobody would accuse the Monotreme of kidnapping.  Both the young woman and Cat Woman were considered old enough to make their own decisions.  All agreed that they had left by their own choice.  His quest to save his fellows from an undeserved fate of savagery, enslavement, and persecution was understandable, but Yvonna and Pussinboots should not have been his first choice of companions.
Captain Dare came from a very different culture and did not understand the leniency that was being shown but he accepted it their way of dong things.
"If it were up to me I'd bend that one over my knee and give her a good spanking."  He indicated Yvonna.
"She might like that."  Bill responded, with his usual flair for saying the wrong thing.
Elli had detailed questions about the Sea Hag.  He had only observed the fishing from an air ship.  He did not realize that a brain slug immobilized them.
"Can you describe exactly how big the brain was?"  They gave approximate answers.  "I need a tissue sample to take back to the Academy for genetic analysis."
They still had a few more days of vacation left before training began for a new class, but Bill offered to give Elli and his sample a lift.  Bridget came along.  Since the defeat of the Oneness she and Bill had become inseparable partners.
***
Mister Shank found what he was looking for accidentally after his escape from the airship.  The washout he had sheltered in concealed an entrance to a tunnel system.  It was quite extensive, including a deep well, incubation chambers and grow rooms for raising mushroom, a favorite food of the Mole Rate Monotremes.  The Matron had samples of spores concealed on her person when she escaped.  They were in the form of packets of dried mushrooms from home that she kept as snacks.  She had done much of the work herself because she had quickly worked her young helpers to death.  They were the hatchlings form the invasion force eggs.  The incubation temperature had made them stupid but hard workers.  She had successfully mated with one but only a few of her eggs were fertile.  She lived in the tunnels with her handful of little children.  She was very happy that Mister Shank had found her.  They had very different ideas concerning their future relationship, but he stayed with her in an effort understand her and her plans for her little colony.
He was relieved to discover that she had not been involved in the Zyborg trade.  That had been a big misunderstanding.  Mister Shank came to the conclusion that, even though she might be smarter and quicker witted, she was a hopelessly naive mystic.  He understood enough about the brain slugs and the delusions that can be implanted in people during the dream state to come to the realization that she had been manipulated.  He made an effort to explain the true nature of the Oneness, and of Thor and how she had been fooled.  He could tell she was only humoring him when she listened to his version of what had happened to her.
"Oh, but you are so wrong about Oneness not being real.  Those other voices might have been deceivers, but Oneness is real.  It sings to me.  The Oneness lives.  It is centered on this planet.  I have never felt it so strongly as here."
He tried to tell her about the mollusks, the octopus and the brainslug.  He had seen for himself, but she would not listen.  He never felt Oneness and never heard the songs she heard in her dream.  If he had only had a more extensive education, he would have known how to explain it all to her.  He felt inadequate to the task.  He did not want to betray her and see her little home overturned, but he wanted to go back and tell the others what he had learned.  He was conflicted, but she tipped the scales with her unending demands and nagging.  One morning he when out telling her he just intended to have a look around and did not return.  She should not be excessively heartbroken.  He had left her with many fertile eggs.
***
By the time he made it back everyone he needed to tell had already returned to the Academy.  He sought out Fran, the wisest person he knew who was still there.
"My dear Mister Shank.  I think I understand what you are trying to tell me.  We should write this down and go over it again and make sure we get everything straight, and agree on precisely what you think has happened.
"I want to explain something to you first, before we do that.  On Earth, my home world, there is a long and sad history of people being exploited by other people who think that they are better.  I could tell that you feel that you might have failed because you are not as smart as she is.  That is simply not true.  You have a different kind of smart.  You have common sense and good judgment.  You are honest with yourself.  That is why you make good decisions.  She thinks she is so much smarter than everyone else and deludes herself by assuming things that she cannot know.
"I am not going to tell you that she was not telling you the truth as she sees it.  She probably was.  There is more to intelligence than a big brain.  Her brain is organized differently than yours.  Mac has provided us with a very extensive technical library.  It included the biology of many intelligent species, even yours.  You can stay here and read as much as you can absorb, but I will explain to you what I know about your brain from my reading.
"You have the same size right-brain as the female.  The right-brain in your species is where the thinking happens.  You are as smart as the next person in that respect.  The female of your species has a much larger left-brain.  That is were the automatic processing happens, as well as dreams.  She is more connected to dreams than you are.  That might be her weakness because she takes them too seriously."
Fran compiled Mister Shank's statement and brought it to the base station to transmission via graviton wave to the Academy.
***
Elli was very excited about Fran's message.  It clinched his case.  He was ready to present his proof the two species of mollusk, slug and the octopus, now endemic on Virginia Nova, originated from the same world and were the same species as the ancient specimens in the tank.  The big mystery was how they became the focal point of the cult that attempted to control the whole galaxy.  That was a detail he might never know.  It was ten thousand years ago, in round numbers.  Everyone who knew about should be long dead.  Well, not quite everyone.  It was time to question Mac and find out how much he was holding back.
Mac was as forthcoming as usual, or not.
"It was so long ago, and I was very young.  I cannot be sure how much of what I might tell you was real and how much might be the result of my own nightmares and wishful thinking, but I'll try.  You have discovered enough to understand that by now.  I think I should focus on the present, or the near past.
"The connection between Virginia Nova and Loki can not be coincidental and his henchmen the two archaic Human psychopaths he recruited back then, not ten thousand, but more recent, three thousand years ago.  Let's assume a force beyond his understanding drew him to that place, maybe it drove him mad.  He was always resistant to any form of exterior control.  Odin learned that the hard way when he made his first bid for empire.
"Then we have Odin, the tinker, the builder of that monstrosity, the colossal Zyborg self aware slug connected computer, the ultimate brain to computer interface.  I agree with you one that one we can never know if it was truly self aware, at least the computer section we confronted in the end, but it was dangerous and I am glad we destroyed it.  Thanks to you we got what we needed from it first.  It could have been connected to something bigger.  The computer wanted us to believe that, if that is what it was trying to tell us.
"The next piece of the puzzle is the Monks and their Well of Souls.  We don't know what is really at the bottom that well.  We should probably go back and find out.  I have not gone there again yet because I am relatively certain that it is just something disgusting and gruesome, such as a congealed mass of half digested bone and teeth.  We should definitely go back and have it pumped out.  Before we let Frigg feed the Monks to the slugs, I mean.
"Now we are the seas of Virginia Nova as our final clue.  I'm not sure what to make of that.  I'm not a big believer in collective mind theory.  Here is my hypothesis.  Deeper out in the ocean where the water is near freezing, maybe even embedded in frozen methane hydrate we will find octopi, many of them, with slug attached.  They are communing with one another, as they slowly freeze to death or starve to death, take your pick.  The resulting psychic energy might sound like a song to our demented Monotreme Matron.  That is the most likely explanation.
"Let's return to the distant past when I was the kind of young hot head who would drive steel spikes through the hearts of already dead Cat Men, just to make sure.  The committee of the Consortium was merely a revolutionary cabal.  We were fighting an evil that was strangling the galaxy.  We won, I suppose.  I mean against that particular evil.  We gained a reprieve at least.
"Where did it come from?  How did it start?  Why Virginia Nova?  Very interesting questions.  Because of the latest part of the puzzle provided by that fisherman I am less certain now that I will ever know the truth of it.  You see living history, the kind inside my head, is even less reliable than written records.  It can be whatever I want it to be.  I will not let that stop me from offering an answer since you ask.
"The creature I called the Oneness and its symbiot the slug came from somewhere else, another galaxy perhaps.  Some say an alternate reality.  I don't really know what that is supposed to mean.  I suppose it is for those lacking a firm definition and grasp of reality.  Let's go with the other galaxy hypothesis.  I'm only going there because they have yet to discover which star system in our galaxy could have produced it.  I'll revert to my first statement.  It came from somewhere else.  A place where physical space and dream space are less easy to separate, the bottom of the sea comes to mind, or a perfectly adapted space dweller formerly from the sea.  It had its perfect form of instantaneous communication, telepathy.  It was alone and wanted company.  Misery loves company, as they say on your world.
The short version is that it made everyone else miserable.  You have seen how that can happen.  This facility with all those mummies your have stacked out back was its final resting place.  I can assume now that it first seeded Virginia Nova before it came here.  By the time it came here it had attracted a considerable following.  That took generations, which included the invention of the interface technology.  The perfection of telepathy was so attractive that it sucked every imaginable stripe of dreamy idealist and utopianist to its calling.  They ended here, or at least the leaders did.  What you saw happen on Earth, just write that large, upon the entire Galaxy.  It is a persistent delusion.

Appendix A

The Fall of The United States

(A chapter from the History of the New World Order, the textbook used by the Natural Rights Movement over one hundred years from the present.)

The United States fell as the result of hyperinflation of the Dollar.  To recapitulate, the Dollar had originally been defined as coin of a certain measure silver and then of gold.  After the creation of the Federal Reserve, a system of fiat money that at first circulated concurrently with the old money, the Federal Government embarked on a policy of controlled inflation by means of a fractional reserve banking system.  After the First World War, when President Wilson and Colonel House first failed in the effort to engineer a lenient peace with Germany and then were blocked from joining the League of Nations by the Senate, Colonel House formed the Council on Foreign Relations to promote his goals of national self determination and a world government strong enough to prevent war.
The rise of Totalitarianism, a term coined by Benito Mussolini, in the United States under Wilson's temporary War Economy, in Russia under the Marxist "Dictatorship of the Proletariat", in Japan under the militarists, in Italy under the Fascists, and in Germany under the most infamous National Socialists lead to the Second World War.  The United States led an Anglo-American coalition, known as the Allies at first, and then the United Nations by 1944, against the forces of Germany, Italy, and Japan.  Russia, the controlling state of the Soviet Union, after first siding with Germany in the partition of Poland, was treacherously attacked by Germany and forced to side with the western coalition and the United Nations.
During the build up to the Second World War the United States suffered a deflationary collapse of its banking system sending the country into ruin.  At that time, beginning in 1931, a new regime was established commonly referred to as The New Deal.  Under this regime any significant pretense at federalism became a thing of the past and, in addition to the all-embracing welfare state, the financial system was reformed to preclude the possibility of another catastrophic deflationary event.  Gold was outlawed within the country, except in jewelry, antique coins, and for industrial uses, and seized by the government to serve as the basis of a new fractional reserve gold based international fiat currency.  Silver was maintained as the basis of the currency in circulation within the country and allowed to circulate as small change to the fiat currency, in order to maintain the pretence of constitutional money at home.  The United States, under a regime of highly regulated political parties, maintained the forms of a democratic republic while incrementally adopting the forms of a Fascist State with widespread prohibitions (except for alcohol, which failed), extensive redistribution of wealth by means of confiscatory taxes, and the virtual extinction of the old free market capitalism based on the sanctity of contracts and private property, which was replaced by a regime of regulatory bureaucracy at all levels of government intended to foster a kind of mixed economic corporatism, corporations being easier to regulate and tax than independent individuals.
After the total victory over the so-called Axis powers that were forced to accept new regimes, the United Nations was instituted as a replacement for the failed League of Nations.  This new system was far from effective and the world fell into a permanent state of so-called "Cold War".  At that time several minor wars were fought between two major coalitions, the Anglo-American West and Soviet East.  The great horror of the era was the constant threat of thermonuclear war under the insane policy of  "mutually assured destruction."
The former European colonies known as the Third World were the actual battlegrounds for these proxy wars as well as a growing threat from re-emergent Fascism in the form of the re-militarized Islamic nations.  These side conflicts were at first subsumed under the Cold War after the United States sided with the new state of Israel, the archenemy of the Islamists, and the Soviet Union sided with the Islamic militarists.  The Soviet Union also attempted a policy of conquest and forced conversion to secularist Scientific Socialism, but this policy came to a final dead end with the failure of its puppet state in Afghanistan and the subsequent disastrous failed invasion.  The Soviet Union collapsed from within shortly after the failure of its dreams were evident to all.
Although claiming victory in the Cold War, the United States had continued on its course of the growth of the retribution system in an augmentation of the New Deal called the Great Society.  In addition a new glorious cause was discovered which provided endless pretext for the imposition of new regulation in the form of the Environmental Protection Agency.  The huge military-industrial complex did not let the void created by the end of great Soviet enemy collapse and found a new cause, the defeat of Islamic militarism as a pretext to insuring the flow of oil to the world's industrial powers, but mostly the United States, the major oil consumer.
The continuing growth of this ever increasing welfare/warfare state was managed by a novel form of commercial imperialism based on two factors, the bankruptcy of the defeated, newly liberated war zone states and their former colonies, and the managed restraint of the policy of inflation of the United States which fooled the world into accepting the Dollar in place of gold as the standard of value of all money.  The first cracks in this system appeared during the height of the Cold War when silver coins were removed form circulation in 1964, as a prelude to the "Great Society" welfare state expansion and the expanding Cold War policy into actual war in South East Asia.  That event was correctly evaluated by policy makers to prove that the masses of the people no longer understood nor respected the true basis of the value of money.  The next step was the defaulting on the promise to redeem Dollars for gold to foreign central banks in 1971.  When the world failed to reject the Dollar at that point, probably because there was no alternative given the defective nature of all other valueless fiat money currencies, the world's future financial fate was a given.
The end of the Cold War was hailed as the beginning of a New World Order by President Bush I who then invaded Iraq, but got cold feat and withdrew after soundly defeating them.  It seemed the sole stated purpose, "liberating" a repressive theocratic feudalistic regime from a repressive fascistic regime, was enough to prove to the world who was in charge.  The system continued to function at optimal level.  Wealth continued to flow to the United States by virtue of its monopoly money while national productivity declined and dependence on direct transfer payments to the populous increased.  The world failed to take note of the problem because all were in the same boat monetarily.
The economic growth of intensely impoverished countries such as China and then India seemed to begin to present a threat to the Dollar dominated worldwide political economy when a blow was struck which drastically changed American policy and a pretext was found to resurrect the old purposeful days of the Cold War with a new forever war, The War on Terrorism.  The new purpose over ruled all economic commonsense.  In reaction to a sharp economic decline in 2003 the United States embarked on a combined policy of deficit finance and monetary expansion based on a subsidized housing boom.  When the bubble burst those in charge of monetary and fiscal policy resorted to inflation of the money supply to make up for declining tax revenues.  The tax revenues continued to decline.  The world discovered that China had also based much of its prosperity on a huge building boom, creating great empty cities in its uninhabited regions.  China was on the hook as well and attempted to keep the system afloat by funding The United States' and Europe's declining financial structure resulting in increased inflation and unrest at home.
Unwilling or unable to admit defeat or own up to the disastrous monetary policy which had created the problem, like a drug obsessed fiend, policy makers responded by increasing the supply of worthless fiat money to the point of no return.  Yet they tried to return.  They instituted a series of drastic reforms.  They intended to choke off all untaxed and unregulated transactions and thus squeeze more revenue out of a failing economy.  They intended to resurrect the failed Dollar and replace it with digital currency totally under their control.  They intended to avoid public default on the national dept by first monetizing it and then recalling it at a fraction of its initial worth.
The first step was to announce the impending abolition of a circulating medium of exchange in the form of bank notes and base coins.  A deadline was set.  All banks were to begin taking in Dollars and returning them to the Federal Reserve System in exchange for Federal Treasury Bonds.  All monetary transactions after the deadline were to be electronic, using debit card, credit cards, electronic bank transfers and checks (which were to be electronically cashed upon deposit).  This policy change was the deathblow to the world economic system.  Financial markets everywhere imploded.   Securities denominate in all forms of fiat money lost all value as investors sought to cash out before the deadline.  The governments reacted, too late, by closing public exchanges and banks in a vain attempt to freeze current values.  When the bank closures in The United States began to interfere with even the electronic payment system in place all work began to grind to a halt.  Even Federal Civil Service employees and members of the Military stopped showing up for work.  As panic spread in the streets and at the top, protocols for shutting down the Internet were activated.  The entire Federal System shut down.
State Governors began declaring martial law.  The States owed prodigious sums to the central government and many saw their chance to escape that debt.  As the crisis worsened some state Legislatures began threatening secession.  State and Federal police and military agencies were pitted against one another, by unenforceable, sometimes unintelligible and mutually contradictory orders.  The structure of the system, which had all been based on money, broke down.  Individuals saw no incentive to risk their lives for nothing, no cause save desperation, and no pay.  Those States whose leaders had foreseen the coming catastrophe had taken measures to create their own money, some even based on gold or silver as required by the Federal Constitution.  They were able to intern threatening Federal officials and send help to neighboring States against the spasmodic grasping of last Federal forces.  Thus, the States were able to gain substantial control of the Federal arsenals including nuclear weapons.
As the failure of the central government became more evident many United States military officers and some Federal police traveled to Washington, DC in a last ditch effort to rally the collapsing system, but too late.  They found a ghost town, over run with looters in the process of being occupied by the Maryland and Virginia National Guard troops.
After the collapse of the Federal Government was evident to all, the Internet was reactivated.  The Kentucky National Guard forces revealed that Fort Knox had been emptied of all gold.  It was determined that all the gold had been transferred to New York City to the Federal Reserve Bank there in a desperate last minute attempt to buy back the national debt.  Federal Officers, both civil and military had been mysteriously called there to guard it.  Tens of thousands were in occupation of the city, and more were arriving after their late departure from Washington.
At that time a call was made by many States for a Constitutional Convention of the States to meet in Washington.  To the surprise of many, the former Canadian States who were also adrift, asked to be admitted to the Convention, as well as some former States of Mexico.  Texas threatened to walk out of the Convention if a single Mexican State were admitted.  They were deadlocked.
It was at that juncture that the Council on Foreign Relations, sitting in the abandoned United Nations building, issued an urgent call to all world military leaders to converge on New York City to address the imminent threat of general world war and to American Veterans in particular to help protect the national treasury from foreign invasion.  It might seem like a strange contradiction, to call in foreign troops on the one hand and call for volunteers on the other but there was a plan behind it.  It was evident that no country was in a well enough organized state to mount any sort of trans-oceanic invasion at the time and the threat of some irrational missile attack seemed minimal, given that The United States was no longer a threat to anyone, nor was any major power a threat at the time, all being equally in a state of collapse.
This situation seems incomprehensible but is easily explained.  As the world economy fell into collapse the reality of sudden food shortages in the wealthiest countries made military operations untenable.  Worldwide inventories of basic foodstuffs had been allowed to decline in favor of immediate consumption, particularly since the initiation of the policy of making alcohol for fuel from food stocks.  It was at this time that people began to speak of the former United States as well as many other former nations.  The Council on Foreign Relations, sitting in the former UN building, declared the Constitutional Convention in Washington, DC a failure, while it was in recess, and embarked on a policy of sending embassies to the various states.  This embassy included loans of real money, gold or silver, to help the state rebuild its governmental structure and political economy.  They also loaned money to certain major corporations whose CEO's then formed the nucleus of the CFR's membership.
Foreign military observers were so impressed by the showing of the CFR in New York City and North America that the policy was extended worldwide.  Peace Keeper Forces were sent to several major cities across the globe "to re-establish order".  It just so happened that each of the cities chosen was the location of a significant vault storing precious metals, strategic metals, and nuclear arsenals.  By that means they gained control of the entire world's wealth.  From the beginning it was suspected, but never proved, that the Central Intelligence Agency was the guiding hand behind these military-diplomatic-financial operations.  Objections that the CIA no longer existed and the fact that the question was impossible to verify, because any serious attempt always ended in the sudden death of the investigator, left this question unanswered.
The primary reason for the success of the policy on a global scale was the grand strategy of the CFR, which led back to its founding, the principle of local self-determination.  In any case where a local group wished to secede from a larger one the CFR recognized the new state and sent an embassy.  All large nation states were broken up into their various local subdivisions and ethnic groups.  These groupings were based on the classical city-state model but larger, to account for modern technology.  Many states of the former United States were broken apart into smaller, more manageable states, beginning with the Island of Manhattan, the seat of power of the CFR.
The new world order was a simple self-perpetuating oligarchy based on the model of the ancient Senate of Rome.  It was membership by invitation only and it was an invitation that could not be refused, the concept of the "conscript fathers."  There was no great charter or any official declaration of world hegemony.  It was an accomplished fact.  In the former United States they simply called each embassy the "Fusion Center", a familiar local term with a clear implication.  The concept took hold and soon it became unthinkable for any state on Earth to attempt to "secede from the Fusion".  Because of the swiftness in moving to seize all stocks of hard assets and the aggressive intrusion into the most militarily organized surviving states first, the establishment of the new world order happened without serious opposition.  It helped that at the time, as a result of worldwide starvation and the mysterious spread of deadly new plagues in Asia, Africa, and South America, there was very little serious opposition.  Thus, was the Balkanization of the former United States imposed upon the world.
Appendix B

The Genesis of the Eugenics Commission and the Natural Rights Movement

The establishment of the Fusion, the new world order after the catastrophic collapse of the nation state system, was implemented by means of three political instrumentalities.  The previous essay eluded to the takeover of first the treasury of the former United States and then the use of mercenary forces known as Peace Keepers to establish the new regime.
That feat was not accomplished purely with money, but had an ideological basis, the goals and ideals of the CFR.  Their philosophy was known simply as Progressivism, and there was never a serious attempt of systematize the core beliefs as with the early Twentieth Century totalitarians and their various cults of political correctness.  Such systemization was recognized as a dreadful mistake resulting in the suppression of the free flow of ideas and therefore, progress.  The notion of central planning, the key economic policy of the early totalitarians, was also rejected out of hand.  Everyone recognized that central planning was devised as a means of marshaling wealth for the purpose of erecting a massive military industrial complex.  Since war between and among states was abolished and forbidden under the Fusion any and all means of reverting to a warlike state were curtailed.  Free trade was instituted among all states, at least as far as the particular business interests of the corporatists of the CFR were concerned.  The Fusion levied no taxes.  All their activities were financed by mandatory contributions of council members based on their assets.  That this amounted to a corporate income tax was ignored because the revenue was collected as dues.  However, there were some rare infamous cases of Council members resigning and refusing to pay dues, for a short period of time ending usually with the sudden death the shirker.
This brings us to the second political instrumentality, a shadow organization known only as The Agency, believed to derive from the former CIA.  The Agency was the enforcement branch of the Fusion and the architects of its early strategy of world domination.  There are no journals or histories explaining the details of that process.  It was all truly secrete, and there was no political oversight and no exceptions.  The historical existence of The Agency is inferred from off hand statements of CFR members and operatives.  The Agency was said to control it's own vast array of assets, both human and economic.  It functioned independently of the dues collected by the CFR.  While the CFR bankrolled the Peacekeepers, The Agency controlled their operations and determined whom they attacked and whom they left alone.  At least that was always the theory.  Some historians, seeking any excuse to compare the CFR to the ancient Senate of Rome, have claimed that the Agency fulfilled a role similar to Rome's Equestrian Order.  Since the ideals of the Equestrian Order were based on the Roman conception of honor, and it was a public institution and a privilege, that analogy can hardly be taken seriously outside the briefing rooms of The Agency.  The Agency had no known system of beliefs other than the exercise of absolute power, assuming they existed.
The third political instrumentality was the World Eugenics Commission.  It had a dual purpose, to improve the genetic condition of the human race, and to prevent population growth.  The idea derives from the combination of two major influences on early Progressivism, the early eugenics movement and the early conservation or back to nature movement.  Unlike the vague and unstated motives of the previous two elements, the Eugenics Commission has a definite mission and a clearly articulated set of beliefs and goals.
The movement originated in the late Nineteenth Century as the result of several discoveries and ideological movements that contributed to the origin of Progressivism.  The main scientific discovery was the development of the gene theory of inheritance.  Gene theory was generally accepted in the West, if poorly understood until later discoveries in biochemistry.  Eugenics grew out of the philosophy generally known as "social Darwinism", a clumsy effort to apply the ideas of Charles Darwin and Herbert Spenser concerning human evolution and the evolution of society.  As the early Progressive movement evolved more and more away from Nineteenth Century individualism toward the ultimate birth of totalitarian politics, eugenics, first as sterilization and later as controlled breading, evolved as well.
The triumph of the Allies over the Axis powers in the Second World War temporarily discredited the theory of eugenics in the popular mind due to the horrifying racially based practices of mass extermination of the National Socialists.  The eugenics movement did not disappear, but merely changed tactics.  Strangely, the popular mind failed to reject similar policies of class and ethnic extermination, as in Ukraine, when they were implemented in the name of "scientific socialism" until the totalitarian age reached its end.  Supporting state subsidized birth control and abortion on demand instead of forced sterilization became the new strategy of "eugenics light".  However, in China, where the early regime of central planning and a closed society resulted in the mass starvation of those sentenced to "re-education" by slave labor, a strict policy of mandatory population control was implemented.  That system was wiped out by the great plagues and starvation during the collapse of the nation state system.
The second element of the Eugenics Commission was the melding of the ideals of the early conservation and back to nature movements known as the ecology movement.  The ecology movement's main source of popular support was sympathy for wild animals and the habitats they occupied, as well as concern about rampant industrial pollution caused, for the most part, by the military industrial complex.
The general membership of the CFR understood full well the true nature of the catastrophic collapse of the world financial system and were careful not to repeat the past mistakes of inflationary policy.  Besides, they owned most of the gold, but they were willing to blame a symptom, excessive population growth of unproductive elements of society, and claim that the symptom was the cause of the disaster.  They needed a pretext for their own system of social control.  They recognized the necessity for an ideological basis for the system.  Thus, the marriage of eugenics and environmentalism fulfilled the basic human need for justification, while insuring the status quo.
There are two elements of social control.  Control over the process of life, in this case reproduction.  Control of the land, eugenics justified control over the most basic need of life, reproduction.  Ecology justified control over where one must live that life, the land.  Those who insist on historical analogies to Rome point out that the genetically manipulated elite amounted to the equivalent of a Patrician class.  For the sake of this essay assume that is the case, then the free Naturals, those who reproduced without the permission of medical professionals licensed by the Eugenics Commission, amounted to a Plebian class.  The fate of the rest was slavery much as in Ancient Rome.  So, the analogy does seem to be supported by the facts.
One reform of the Fusion was the abolition of the penal system.  In the early days of the Fusion a system of prisons was rightly seen as barbaric and unnecessary.  Heinous crimes were punished by death in most places, because of the rough conditions of life after the general collapse of society.  Other crimes were punished be restitution, which often amounted to enslavement for the nonpayment of debt, either permanent or temporary.  Under the early guidance of the Eugenics Commission sterilization was also used partly on the humanitarian pretext that the breading of a permanent slave class was immoral.  The rounding up and forced sterilization of "surplus" Naturals then became a common practice and the death penalty was generally replaced with a life sentence of servitude.
The reproductive instinct is difficult to suppress.  The population of free Naturals always tended to grow beyond "sustainable" guidelines established by the Eugenics Commission.  They became a large pool of potential slaves.
The Eugenics Commission was centered in the Royal City of London Free State.  During the time of the general economic collapse of nation states Britain was convulsed by civil conflict and revolution.  At the establishment of the Fusion one of the first steps was to insure to safety of the Royal Family by occupying the old City of London with Peace Keeper troops.  The rest of Britain was then split into three independent republics, England, Wales, and Scotland.  Ulster was also occupied.  Ireland and Britain then became the source of most of the mercenary forces used to establish the Fusion in the devastated former nation states of Europe.  The Eugenics Commission was able to use this connection to the military power of the Fusion to spread its policies throughout the system.
The power behind this move was the surviving political force of the former British Empire, the Home Office.  It acted in association with the Agency and used the same methods to accumulate assets to the point of being self-supporting and independent of conventional political control.  Yet it never wavered from its loyalty to the institution of British Royalty.  The establishment of the ideology of the Eugenics Commission was believed to be its creation.  This is evidenced in the direct subjugation of the hereditary nobility and Royal Family of the former United Kingdom to the direction of the Commission.  That could not have occurred unless it was the policy of the Home Office.
The policy of the union of eugenics and ecology was instrumental in the annexation of Western Europe into the Fusion.  Political parties and factions, which adopted the Commission's party line, were favored by the Peace Keeper forces and fostered as the foundation of the new Balkanized states of Europe.  To take an analogy from the former Soviet Union, the Commission acted as an unofficial Politburo of the Fusion.
First North America, then with the help of the Home Office, Western Europe, and then the rest of the world was consolidated under the New World Order, the Fusion.  Because the role of the Eugenics Commission was not established until after the initial formation of the CFR Fusion North America, its policies were never implemented as an integral part of the original founding states.  The Commission in North America was forced to extend its influence there with the aid of the CFR Ambassadors who saw to the indirect and partial establishment of its policies.  Thus, quasi political institutions such as the Forest Rangers of South Carolina were able to maintain there independence from it influence.
The Rangers were the employees of the Estate Holder, a land speculator who chose to consolidate his vast holdings in one jurisdiction.  He acquired land during the period of sudden depopulation of the famine and pestilence resulting from total economic collapse.  He achieved this consolidation by doing land swaps with other corporate and individual landowners who also owned land in other states.  He was so determined to consolidate his holdings that he was willing to end up with much less land in the bargain.  He still ended up owning a third of the state's territory.  He converted the holding into a perpetual family trust.  The trustee, his heir, was dubbed The Estate Holder.  The land was dedicated to use as a great tree plantation and natural forest.  The Rangers were established as tenants in common under the regime of the Estate and their heirs were generally trained to take their place in its forestry management system.  They were required to live on the land for security reasons in the beginning.  The Ranger Estate system then evolved as an avenue of escape from the increasing repression of urban life under the Fusion with its ever-encroaching Eugenics Commission.  The Estate thus became one of the main centers of the spread of the Natural Rights Movement.

The CFR policy of free trade and freedom of travel between states throughout the world made the total implementation of Eugenics Commission policy impracticable.  It also allowed for the spread of the Natural Rights Movement.  This lack of thoroughness on the part of policy makers was intentional.  The original purpose of the policy was merely to provide a pretext for power.  At the CFR true believers were marginalized by a rigorous Agency policy blocking their promotion to any significant posts.  In states that took the eco-collectivism to the extent that it interfered with business local eco-socialist parties were ruthlessly suppressed and overturned.  Even the Home Office dreaded a return to the bad old days of ideological totalitarianism and the extreme repression it entailed.  The eventual commercialization of the use of coerced labor as punishment for crimes created a built in demand for "free naturals" as they were called.  The systemization of repression found its own equilibrium, until the introduction of direct brain to computer interface technology upset the balance of power toward ever increasing enslavement.
Post Script
This is a futurist science fiction novel, not some kind of manifesto.  I use the Council on Foreign Relations as a literary device because it is an old institution with a history.  I am not an advocate of conspiracy theories.  I think of the role is such institutions who work behind the scenes as the instigators of what some call directed history.  They attempt to direct the course of history from on high.  The philosophy of the CFR is public knowledge and historically documented, but this is fiction.  It is a "what if" scenario.
I am glad to be able to share my opinion on so called conspiracy theories.  The term is embraced by some and used as a pejorative by others.  I suggest that the prevailing conspiracy theory of our time is the notion that a shadowy oligarchy of the super rich controls world events and policy.  The use of the term oligarchy in this case is a misnomer for aristocracy.  There are real oligarchies in the world and they are not secrete.  For example, the Vatican is a theocratic oligarchy, as well as the Iranian Islamic republic.  The judiciary of the United States of America is an oligarchy but a part of a mixed governmental system.  The ruling clique of the Peoples Republic of China is an oligarchy.
The misuse of the term originated as a propaganda tool of populists, fascists and socialists, as in Russia, where Putin used the device to justify to the public the imprisonment of an oil tycoon who supported an opposing party.  It is a term designed to create a scapegoat in the politics of envy and only leads to factual confusion, which is what the political elites want, to divert attention from their own failed policies.  The super rich, of course, can have a role in promoting and supporting these failed policies through attempts to direct the course of history and work hand in hand with government.  To the true believers in the secrete conspiracy of the world oligarchy I can only offer some common sense observations.  One, if it is secrete, then how do you know about it?  Two, whatever influence the super rich possess is trumped by the power that, as Mao Tse Tung put it, derives from the barrel of a gun.  The publicly avowed policy of government is the problem, not some secrete conspiracy.  The actual dangerous conspiracies are those being carried out under color of law officially by secret police and military organizations.  They brook no competition and happily squash any private conspiracies they encounter.
The Council on Foreign Relations was founded in the aftermath of the First World War to promote the ideals of the League of Nations in America.  It was instrumental in the creation of the United Nations.  My story looks at what could happen if the ideal of local self determination were applied world wide and conflicting nation states were "Balkanized" as was done to the former Austro-Hungarian Empire after World War I.
In my story a similar process happens as a result of the collapse of the worlds financial system, the managed bankruptcy of the nations, and the splitting up of these nations into so many smaller states.  The device of "the conspiracy" in propaganda is as old as the Roman Empire.  It will be used against those opponents of big government who love to wield it so much, and is being used, beginning with Hillary's "vast right wing conspiracy" and now with Homeland Security targeting any and all imaginable groups and individuals who do not fall into line, including the official decision to label anyone who supports the Constitution as a terrorist conspiracy.
Conspiracy is a legal term.  The government knows how to use it as it was intended.  Those individualists who insist on taking a conspiratorial view of the world might just get what the want, to their regret.  All I am advocating here is rational political discourse without the use of terms that are emotionally loaded with the ultimate aim of mass violence.  I hope this story serves as an illustration of how that works.
But, what if the worst happened and the mega corporations, an all powerful and truly secrete, secrete police, one so secrete that its very existence was denied, and the world government were all the same people with overlapping membership and total control?  That would make all former dysfunctional and unsustainable totalitarian systems look like child's play.
This is a story about a revolution against just such a future eugenics based world government.  Any similarity to any person living or dead is coincidental and the story has no relation to current events, institutions or individuals.  Or does it?  That is for the reader to decide.
The reason I put most of the philosophical justification here is so the reader might read the story now without it interfering with the action of the plot.
