
The Trials of Commander Lamarr 
By A.H.French

Published By A.H.French @ Smashwords
Copyright © 2019 A.H.French

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.


CHARACTERS
Commander Lamarr, Deruvian hero
     Melody, Robot? human form
Miranda, organic mind enmeshed in ship
Doctor Steely, helpful human doctor
George, stalker
Gladys, mixed up suicidal girl

Table of Contents
CHAPTER 1 The New Light Cruiser
CHAPTER 2 The Female Robot
CHAPTER 3 Field Testing
CHAPTER 4 Melody
CHAPTER 5 Miranda's Abilities
CHAPTER 6 Suicide
CHAPTER 7 Someone in Trouble
CHAPTER 8 Help Needed
CHAPTER 9 Trouble 
CHAPTER 10 An Offer is Made
CHAPTER 11 More Trouble
CHAPTER 12 Choices
CHAPTER 13 Birthday Party
CHAPTER 14 Unknown Craft
CHAPTER 15 Callus Four
CHAPTER 16 Meet the "Dolphin"
CHAPTER 17 Undercurrent of Trouble
CHAPTER 18 Space Station 9
CHAPTER 19 Anger, Revenge
CHAPTER 20 S.O.S.
CHAPTER 21 Home, Deruvia
CHAPTER 22 Finishing the Circuit
CHAPTER 23 Close Call
CHAPTER24 Life, Death, Dr. Steely
CHAPTER 25 New Life 
CHAPTER 26 Melody and the Robot
About the Author




Log of Commander Lamarr

Commander Lamarr
Beta ship 933-  (300 yds axis/900 yds radius)
Shake down cruise
Light cruiser class
New offensive weapons
  "  defensive components 
Procedure--- Check on reliability of new positronic brain. Lab scientists expect vast improvement over level 5 brain.
Brain not named yet. 
Crew- Commander Lamarr, Brain, 300 stored robots. twenty cleaning robots
Living quarters -20 not counting Captain’s suite. 
Library, Fitness room, Medical suite, Hologram room. 
Added ten specialist robots to clean and repair ship and engines.
Results of testing will be transmitted every ten days. 
Last minute addition to crew. Female, human, standard robot. *
* gift from psych team. Good luck!

 




History of Commander Lamarr:

Distinguished himself in the Tolamar wars. Though his fighter was partially disabled he managed to take out two of their heavy battle cruisers that were bombarding a dreadnought with engines off line. That gave them the time to restart and defeat the enemy at Hellis five. At the height of the war, as captain of a light cruiser, he managed to evade enemy ships and fire a planet killer drone that destroyed the moon that provided sixty percent of their ships and weapons. The enemy surrendered less than forty eight hours later. He was hailed as a hero and promoted to the rank of commander, the youngest commander ever, at the age of two hundred and seventeen. The supreme commander stated he was still wet behind the ears, then slapped him on the back and welcomed him into their ranks. Over the next few years, he proved he could handle most ships better than any pilots they had at the time. In simulations he was at the top of the list. Unknown to him, he was about to be given the severest test yet.


CHAPTER 1 The New Light Cruiser

When the new cruiser was fully functional He was chosen to take the helm and find out just how good it was. They never knew how happy he was to get back into space and away from crowds. He set a course for the Galactic rim to check out the arms and shields. While taking his time getting there, it gave him the opportunity to learn about the brain and its capabilities. Imagine his surprise at finding it was a female voice that answered him.

"What is this all about?" he asked. The answer he received back wanted to know the meaning of his question. "There has never been a female voice in a positronic brain." "Commander, there is no positronic brain on this vessel." "In that case, what are you?" "I am a large organic brain that has had all the programs taught during my growth period. The scientific community wants to see if I fit into being part of this vessel. If I fail, a positronic brain will replace me." "I don't suppose they named you." "No, Commander, they left that up to you." “How does Miranda sound to you?" "I don't know about the sound, but I like the name." "Well, that takes care of that problem." He proceeded to have Miranda scan the vessel and see if there were any irregularities. Next, he needed to know her efficiency in handling the ship and weapons, also the defensive capabilities. When finished, she was to review her findings with him. 

She immediately started giving the answers he asked for. After a few minutes, he raised his voice and said "stop". It got really quiet for a minute, then he remarked that she had given an acceptable report. To which she answered, "Thank you, Commander."  From that moment on, he knew this shakedown cruise was going to be a challenge. For the next hour, he sat in the command chair and used the computer to check each level of the ship. Satisfied with what he saw, he turned it off. He was about to call for something to drink when a robot carried a tray in with a drink and a plate of food. Setting it down in front of him, the robot turned and exited the bridge. After Lamarr had finished, that voice asked if the meal was satisfactory. "It was fine," he answered. 

Seeing as the ship was acting as programmed, he left the bridge and went down to the observation deck. Shortly after sitting down and opening his personal log, another robot appeared with a snifter of Brandy. This was a drink he picked up on when he visited the planet the humans called Earth. On the star charts it was named Terra. He had had great vacations there. He would have to check and see if the clothes from that last trip were in his wardrobe. After making a few notes in his log, he set it aside and punched up some soft music. That and the Brandy really relaxed him. A soft female voice whispered, "Is there anything else I can get you?" Without thinking he answered, "No thank you." Only after that, did he realize he had answered Miranda. About an hour later he rose and headed to his quarters. Thinking to himself he was behind in his workout ethic, he changed into a loose fitting exercise jumpsuit and headed for the hologram suite. Inside he punched the code for martial arts and proceeded to the mat for some sparring with a hologram. It soon became evident that he had been shirking his exercise. Walking over to the scales and weighing himself caused him to gasp. Ten pounds; ten pounds from that week at home. Getting back to his quarters he made a note in his log to spend at least forty five minutes in the gym each day till the ten pounds were no more. After all that, he decided to take a nap and relax the sore muscles. He had just fallen into slumber mode when the alarms went off. Jumping up and making a mad dash, he was on the bridge in record time. 

CHAPTER 2 Female Human Robot

Settling into the command chair, he started looking for the problem, but found nothing wrong. Odd he thought, nothing out of Miranda. "Miranda, what seems to be the problem?" She answered that she was trying to trace it, but it was moving too fast. Just as he was about to ask what she was trying to catch the new female robot came dashing onto the bridge. When she saw the commander, she came to an abrupt halt and saluted. Standing in front of him was a totally naked female. She might be a robot, but she left nothing to the imagination. "What exactly are you doing?" Clearing her throat, she explained that someone opened the canister she was in and woke her up prematurely. She had no idea where she was or why she was there. Then this siren went off and scared her half to death. So she ran as fast as she could, to no avail. The noise would not stop. "At ease, young lady." "Miranda, you had better have a good explanation for all of this." "Yes, Commander. She was in a crate that wasn't marked nor was there any paperwork concerning what was in it. I had one of the cleaning robots move it to a storage area. Somehow the crate tipped over and the mechanism attached to her came undone. When she moved it triggered the alarm for an intruder. Sorry for the bedlam I caused." "Find her lodging and clothes. Then find that mechanism and reattach it to her so she can finish what was supposed to take place. Young lady, follow the robot."

This has got to be a joke, he thought. I wonder if the Supreme Commander is behind this or is it the scientists. Well, so much for my nap. He arose, left the bridge, and headed back to his quarters. Sitting down with a drink he pondered the situation he was in. It could be a test to see if he had the wits to succeed as a Commander. It could also be a trick of his friends he left behind. Worrying was not going to help. Might as well see if they managed to screw up his clothes when they transferred them to this ship. Opening the wardrobe and the chest of drawers, he checked and found everything there.

He laughed as he thought, that at least he wouldn't be running around naked. Removing his dress uniform, he dressed in his regular clothes he wore on board. Brown shirt, slacks, and black shined shoes. He had time to spare, so off to the flight deck he went. Walking about, he saw that all the fighters were in their pods, and next to them were the pilots in stasis. After an uneventful walk, he headed to the dining area for dinner. While eating, he penned in the events of the day, in his log, so as to have them available at all times.

After dinner, he made his official report for the day on the ship’s log and hoped the next nine would be standard fare. As he was leaving the dining area, three chimes announced that the ship was entering normal space. Up to the observation deck he went and told Miranda to open the viewing window. The ship was at the edge of the galaxy. As he looked at the view he was amazed to see stars on the left side of the screen and the depths of the void on the right. He must have sat there for some time as his drink had gotten warm. "What do you think, Miranda, of all this beauty out there?” The answer she gave surprised him. "This is lovelier than I had imagined it would be." Then, after a minute, he understood. She had never seen space in all its glory. He had been enjoying it for almost two hundred years and this was her first time away from the home planet. "Rotate the ship so as to see a three hundred sixty degree sight, using a five minute time frame. Then we both can enjoy it," he said. He went to the dispenser and received a fresh drink and sat down to enjoy this marvelous sight. Upon finishing his drink he said goodnight to Miranda and went to his quarters for a good nights sleep.

CHAPTER 3 Field Testing

Day two started off normal, but that could be deceiving, as yesterday could attest to. After a quick shower and clean up he was ready for breakfast. Down to the dining area to get some food and then start checking out what this sleek little ship could do. After he finished his plate, he always enjoyed that human staple he had acquired a taste for, coffee. As he sat back and took a sip, Miranda piped in with a "Good morning, Commander. I hope you slept well." "I did indeed," he retorted. "While I finish my drink, would you scan and find a few suitable asteroids to use as targets?" "I'm on it, Commander." The lead robot appeared and gave him a rundown on the state of the ship. There seemed to be nothing of import happening, so he dismissed the robot and it left. Finishing his coffee, he headed for the bridge to start checking out the capabilities of this ship. Miranda had found three good sized asteroids and was ready for the testing to begin. 

Swinging the computer around in front of him he lined the first one up on the screen and pushed the firing button on the console. Nothing happened! Resetting the firing mechanism, he again pushed the button and still nothing happened. "Miranda, do a check on the lasers and the electronic firing mechanism." A second later she told him the shields in front of the lasers had not been removed. Shortly, Miranda said all was ready. Again lining up the asteroid he punched the firing button. There was a bright flash and the asteroid was gone. The second asteroid was twice as far away and it also was destroyed in a flash. The range of the lasers was roughly five miles and there was no discernible loss of energy. The third asteroid was about ten miles away. Putting the range and flight path into the console, he sent a small charged torpedo to hit at the center of the asteroid. Though it didn't obliterate the target, it destroyed quite a chunk of it. Now to check out the shields. Energizing them, he ran the ship into the asteroid that was still intact and other than a mild shake the shields worked to perfection. "Miranda, take us a light year out into the void." "Yes sir." When they stopped, he had her line the ship up to stay outside the galaxy and proceed to check the speed and maneuverability. After about twenty minutes he shut down the drive and asked for a readout. "The ship can travel at one point seven times faster than our present fleet ships. At full speed, in a quarter light year, we can turn one hundred eighty degrees and head back in the direction we came from. All armaments are functioning within designed limits." "Have that information put in the log under day two," he said. Turning the ship, he headed back to the galaxy. So far the ship was all it was designed for and handled like a dream. As there was no rush to get back, he had Miranda set a course along the galactic rim and stop when within a light year of Terra. 

CHAPTER 4 Melody

Beta ship 933 didn't have a name yet. He would have to come up with something unique. In the meantime, he had a date with the gym. Thinking about it, he decided to have that workout in the hologram room. After changing into a sweat suit he punched in the code for a workout partner and spent the next forty five minutes trying to keep up. After showering and getting dressed, he went to the dining area and had a light lunch. Knowing that a report was to be sent in about a week and knowing his reports were usually late, he decided to go to quarters and get to work on it. Several hours later and a pot of coffee gone he had the rough draft ready to be sent. He was about to go to the bridge when alarms went off. Running to the bridge and scrambling into the command chair, he wheeled the screen around and found it blank. Now, what is going on, he wondered. "Miranda, report."  

"Commander, the sensors show nothing wrong. Hold on, information coming in that the female robot is running amok in the fighter bay." "Miranda, lock down that area and stand by." Taking his weapon from the console he headed for the bay. Once there, he had Miranda open the door in front of him and walked in. "Lock this door and don't open it till I have things under control." "Yes sir." Putting the weapon on neutralize he walked around the perimeter of the bay but found nothing. On the second circuit he noticed a fighter canopy open. Walking over to the entry port he raised his voice and said, "You might as well come out. The fighter is programmed for the pilot only. If worse comes to worse, I'll melt it down to scrap and you with it." Slowly a figure exited the fighter. At least this time she had some clothes on. "Well young lady, what do they call you?" "That is to be your choice, Commander." "I think you will be known as "Melody", young lady. Now, Melody, why aren't you attached to that mechanism so as to finish your education." The program ended and when I opened my eyes I vaguely remembered a lot of noise which scared me half to death. Was that a dream or was it real?" He then took the time to explain what happened a while ago. With a look of deadly worry on her face, she apologized for all the trouble she had caused. "What's done is done. Please follow me. Miranda, release the security and unlock the doors." "Done Commander."

Lamarr proceeded to take Melody down to the Med station and have her scanned for possible neural damage. After the scan was completed the readout reported everything was fine. "Well, we can't have you traipsing all around the ship getting into trouble. So, for the time being you'll be my aide. You go where I go and you do what I tell you immediately. Understood?" He got a yes sir, and then she hung her head in misery. Leaving the Med station, he promptly returned to the bridge and began writing in the log about the first and second instances with the human like robot. While sitting there he became suspect about something else. "Miranda, how much do you really know about the running of this ship and what your duties are?" After a slight delay, she responded that she was learning on the fly. 

Lamarr sat for a minute, then asked no one in particular "Why me?" There was no answer forthcoming, so he answered himself, "because you love space and everything in it." Feeling a little better, he instructed Miranda to delve into the library files and educate herself on the tasks of a positronic brain in a spaceship. He said he was being kind by giving her seventy-two hours to complete the task. He then got up and went through his routine for the day. Afterward he changed into a sweatsuit and headed for the gym. Forgetting about Melody and his orders for her, he entered and brought up a male sparring partner. As soon as he was in the middle of the mat, the hologram attacked. Before he got into a defensive position, a flash flew by and landed two feet into the middle of the hologram's chest. Melody got up and asked the Commander if he was all right. He scanned the area and found that the hologram had slid off the mat, across the floor and into a wall. Lamarr said, "Halt program and close."

He then walked her over to a bench, sat her down, and asked what was she doing. She looked at him with a tear in her eye and said she was protecting him from the aggressor. He was simply astounded. "This hologram suite is for practicing self defense in all the martial arts as well as offensive moves." She was shedding tears now. He brought his voice down to normal and commended her on a job well done. Giving her his handkerchief, he said, " No damage done. In the future, know this. In this area it is for hand to hand combat between myself and an opponent. If you feel you would like to keep up with your training feel free to use the program." "Thank you, Commander." "Miranda, add Melody to the list that has access to the hologram suite and the programs there in." "Yes sir, Commander." After another half hour of practice, he was ready for a shower and then the dining area. It never dawned on Lamarr that Melody was there in the area with him. As he showered, she took his clothes and fed them down the laundry tube and got a fresh set of clothes laid out on the bed. Leaving the bedroom, she settled down in an easy chair to await him. As he got dressed, a feeling of something out of the ordinary crossed his mind. But with the kind of day he had went through, he soon forgot what was bothering him.

Entering the living room, he spotted Melody sitting there. Then he remembered that she was his aide and would be going where he went. "Come on, Melody. It's time for dinner."  They entered the area and sat down. A robot came over to get their order and stood patiently as he thought about what he would like. Looking across the table at Melody, he asked if she was designed to eat food and drink. "Yes, I am Commander." He then ordered pot roast with baked potato and corn for two. He added that beef gravy was to be put on the side. Within minutes a piping hot dinner arrived and they proceeded to eat. The robot stood waiting and Lamarr asked what was he waiting for. The robot reminded him he had not ordered his preferred drink. Thinking for a minute, he asked for a light white wine for two. "Yes sir, right away." After the wine had been poured, he started to eat and noticed Melody looked quite at home dining with him. 

After dinner he liked to walk for a while to settle his food. He thought it helped with digestion. Looking behind him there was Melody about two paces from him. "Melody, as my aide you can walk beside me without fear of reprimand." Taking a fast step or two, she was beside him and keeping pace. Looking at her, he stopped. She was wearing the same clothing that had been used when they put her in a room and reattached that mechanism to her. "Miranda, see that Melody has a decent wardrobe in one of the guest quarters and have a team set her up with quarters near mine." "Right away, Commander." "Also, have you had any insight from the library scan?" "I found a complete manuscript on the duties of a positronic brain that inhabits a starship." "Very good." He began to wonder when they would be approaching Terra and was about to ask Miranda, but she took the initiative to tell him in about four hours. That stopped him in his tracks.

CHAPTER 5 Miranda's Abilities

He began to remember other things that had transpired where she had taken upon herself to have a drink or meal served before he asked. "Miranda, how are you able to know what I want before I ask you for it?" She replied she was a telepath. She thought he knew. "No, no I didn't." "It was in your briefing orders that were given you by the scientists." Opening the folder that was by his table, he did a fast scan and found nothing about her except she was a new addition that was to be checked out by him. "Well, someone dropped the ball. There is absolutely nothing in here about you. What other little surprises have you in store for me." She had a number of things to tell him. Since being placed in her shell, the ship and she were one. If he so desired she could also become a hologram, could transport him anywhere within a five mile radius, and was totally under his command to carry out whatever he endeavored to do. "We also can communicate by telepathy. I may have other abilities that will surface over time. One more thing, in all likelihood my life span is equal to yours. If you decide to accept the ship as yours then you accept me or they destroy me and replace me with a positronic brain." This shake down cruise was definitely getting out of hand. He wondered what other surprises were in store for him. As he didn't ask, she didn't tell him some other surprises that would come his way. She was sure, however, life was going to be interesting serving under him.

Four hours later, Lamarr was approaching Earth. He pondered hiding the ship behind the moon, but Miranda told him that this vessel could, by the use of a new device, cloak itself and become invisible. So he had her turn the device on and they would have a chance to check it out. First check would be in darkness.  The materials needed for the server devices were water, grain, protein, and a few random gasses that would be acquired during the landing sequence. Coming down near the African continent, they could abduct a few wild animals, old ones if available, and continue to North America for grain and water. By that time, the gasses they needed would be in storage. Everything was going fine till they hovered over a small river to fill the water tanks. All they needed was about five minutes and they would be done. But that was not to be. 

CHAPTER 6 Suicide

Halfway to topping off the water tanks, Miranda, while scanning the area, came across a female standing on the railing of a bridge a hundred yards away. As she was informing the Commander about this oddity, the female jumped into the water. Knowing the water temperature was just above freezing meant that this female would, in all respects, freeze to death. Without thinking, he had Miranda transport her to the medical bay and a robot specialist revived her and scanned for any other problems. Lamarr wanted her kept sedated and asleep till he decided what to do with her. 

It was plain that the girl wanted to commit suicide. Why, was the big question. What to do was the next big question. If her temperature returned to normal and her clothes were dry, transporting her to dry ground was no guarantee she wouldn't just go and jump again. Miranda had finished resupplying the servers and waited on him for orders. As he got out of his chair he told her to find a barren spot outside of town and land the ship.

Going up to his quarters he thought he might have the answer. He went to his wardrobe closet and slid the panel at the back open. A quick look told him there was not enough money for what he had planned. He called on Miranda to see if she could enter the banking records of the largest bank in the U.S. and find the account for a Lamarr Jennings and increase the balance to four hundred thousand dollars, showing deposits of ten years in amounts that eventually added up to that balance. He gave her the name of the bank from the credit cards he had used the last time he was here for a vacation. Back then it was already set up. She just had to find it under that name. "Done Commander, anything else?" "Not at this moment." Turning around, there sat Melody on the edge of the bed."You're going to help her, aren't you?" she asked. "Yes I am, and I need you and Miranda to keep out of sight for a few days." Changing into a pair of jeans and a sweat shirt, he next packed a duffle bag with a few changes of clothes and strapped on what looked like a cheap watch. It was actually a device to talk to the ship. Also, into his pocket went what looked like a Bic lighter. It had a number of other things it could do. On the outside of his duffle bag he added a light blanket that could keep him warm at sixty below. Now that he had everything he needed, it was time to go. Then he remembered the wallet and checkbook. Now he was ready.

CHAPTER 7 Someone in Trouble


Arriving at the med unit, he called the robot specialist over and asked if she was okay to travel. She will be fine as long as she doesn't over exert herself. Handing Lamarr a vial, he told him to add this to a drink over the next day or so and she would be back, physically, to her old self. He also noted he had speeded up her metabolism, so she will easily tire out. It was getting close to daylight and he wanted her on shore before then. "Miranda." "Yes, Commander." " I want you to transport the girl and me to an open space along the shore in about five minutes." He went back to his quarters and went into the shower and turned the cold water on.  When he was pretty wet he told Miranda to transport him and do the same for the girl about five minutes afterwards. Once there, he gathered some dry wood and started a fire. He then spread the blanket out and waited. In a minute the girl arrived and he wrapped her in a blanket. Pulling a small pot from his duffle bag he filled it half full of water, put a pill in to make it safe to drink and added coffee crystals to it and waited for it to boil. he then stripped his wet shirt and jacket and put them by the fire. He would have to wear wet jeans till they dried out or they found a room. 

With this done, he turned and there was the girl laying on the ground and a little damp. Someone thought to wet her down a bit. Wrapping the blanket around her and sliding her nearer to the fire, he waited for her to come around. In a minute her eyes opened and she looked around to see where she was. She felt her hair, then her clothes, and finally at the strange young man sitting by the fire.  "What happened and where am I?" she asked. In answer, Lamarr told her he had just come to the edge of the bridge when she leaped into the water. Tossing his duffle bag aside he jumped in after her. It was a struggle, but he managed to get them both to shore. "Why did you do that, and who are you?" "My name is Lamarr and I'm a traveler around this country.  Also, I can't sit idly by and watch someone drown. I have some hot coffee if you'd care for some." Pouring a cup, he walked over and handed it to her. Without a word she wrapped her hands around the cup and took a sip. Then another. "This ain't bad. In fact, it's delicious." He waited patiently while she drank the rest.  Before retrieving the cup, he asked if she wanted more. She shook her head no. She looked like she was ready for a nap. Taking the cup he went and poured himself a cup and sipped it as she fell asleep. Around noon she woke up and looked a whole lot better than when she had first woke up that morning. "Are you hungry?" he asked. She nodded her head yes. He then set about clearing the spot. Putting everything away he motioned for her to come. He telepathed Miranda to tell him which way to turn on the road to fine food. Looking at the road, he saw a little arrow pointing to the left. Once on the road, he asked if she had a name. She replied with Gladys. "Well, Gladys, we have two choices. Will it be breakfast or lunch." She then told him she had no money, no home, nor any family. "Well I have no family, no home, but I do have money. Will that do?" She almost smiled.
   
They walked about a quarter mile and saw the sign, "Clearwater Cafe". As they entered, a middle aged woman told them to sit wherever they liked and she would be with them in a minute. Gladys headed to a corner and slid into the booth. Lamarr sat down in the chair opposite her and scanned the menu. The woman came over with pencil and pad and asked what would they like for drinks. Lamarr nodded to Gladys and she ordered coffee, black. He then ordered coffee with cream, and looking on the table, he spotted sugar. I would also like a glass of water, no ice. After the lady went to get their order prepared, he asked if there was anything on the menu that caught her eye. The safest, according to her, was eggs, toast, and bacon. "I like my eggs over easy." The waitress returned with the coffee and asked if they were ready to order. Gladys gave the lady her order and Lamarr ordered the same, but over medium on the eggs. While they waited Lamarr told Gladys he was not one to interfere, but if she needed help, he was more than able and willing to help. "The other option is when we leave here, I will give you funds to go wherever you choose by bus along with money for food.  Think it over as we enjoy a hearty breakfast."
  
The lady brought the order and set it in front of them, asking if there was anything else they needed. They both shook their heads no and she went back to the counter. After they were through he asked if she wanted desert. "No, thank you." He looked at the bill, pulled a twenty and a couple ones from his wallet and laid them on the table. Together they got up and headed for the door. As they left, a police cruiser drove up and an officer looked at them, stopped, and turned around. "Say, aren't you the girl I kicked out of town yesterday?" She looked at Lamarr with fear in her eyes. Lamarr went over and placed a hand on her shoulder, then told the officer she had arrived and was waiting for him, but he got waylaid. "Well she was loitering around and we don't allow vagrants in town." Lamarr stood in front of Gladys and said, "If there is some kind of problem, say so and I will have my attorney here first thing in the morning." The officer relaxed a little and said if she was with him, there was no problem. "Have a nice day folks." "Were you serious about an attorney?" she asked. "Certainly, I will not abide a bully with a badge to intimidate me. I would start a law suit for false arrest and civil rights violations. It would be a win win for both of us." Seeing a telephone booth he asked Gladys to find a hotel and get adjoining rooms or two separate ones, whichever she preferred. Also, have a taxi come down to take them there. Within half an hour they were sitting in adjoining rooms enjoying a soda and laughing about the officer. Afterward he told her she looked tired and she should go take a nap. "If you are uncomfortable, leave the door cracked or close and lock all doors into the room." She went into her room and locked the entry door, but left the inner door open. "See you in a while," she said. He sat back and called for Miranda. She answered almost immediately. "Is everything okay with you and the ship?" "Everything is just fine, Commander. Are you making any headway?" " It's a slow process. Get back to you later." 

CHAPTER 8 Help Needed

He decided he might as well get a little rest. Off with the shoes and settle down on the bed. It was about two hours later when he woke up and heard noises coming from Gladys. Looking through the inner door, he noticed she was curled up into a ball and her pillow was wet. He entered and felt for a pulse. It was shallow and slow. He called down to the desk and asked if there was a doctor nearby. The desk clerk named two, Dr. Hennessy, a surgeon, and Dr. Steely, who not only is a surgeon, but handles G P duties at the clinic. "Can you put a call through to him and have it moved to this extension?" The desk clerk put the call through and Dr. Steely answered the call himself. Lamarr gave the doctor a rundown on the condition of Gladys and asked if he could come and check her out at room 221 of the hotel. He said he would be there in about five minutes.

Less than five minutes later there was a knock on his door. Opening the door, there stood a young man in his late thirties with a jovial smile that would melt an iceberg. " Come in, Doctor, and follow me." In the next room lay Gladys in the same position as before. Dr. Steely went over and, with the tools of his trade, gave her a quick checkup. After he was through checking her eyes, mouth, hands, and feet, He got a syringe out and drew some fluid from a capsule, then injected the contents into her arm. As he turned around, he could see the concern on Lamarr's features. "Not to worry. I gave her a shot of steroids and she will be fine in an hour or two. She is completely worn out and should rest for a few days. After that she will be her old self. May I ask what she has been up to?" "Doctor, I need a patient agreement from you before I say anything else. It must be strictly confidential." He answered immediately, "That goes without saying. I don't pry or judge." "She jumped off the bridge yesterday evening as I was coming to town. Naturally I jumped in and managed to get her to the river bank. I started a fire and moved her close and covered her with an insulated blanket. She woke up this morning a little out of sorts. I took her to the cafe and we had breakfast, then made reservations for two rooms and a taxi to pick us up and drop us off here. She looked beat and I told her to take a nap. When I looked in a couple hours later, she was moaning and you could wring water out of her pillow. That's when I called you." "Smart move young man. Make her take it easy for the next forty-eight hours. If you need me, here is a number that's private. Call me any time." "What is your fee?"  The Doctor was going to shake his head no, but Lamarr put a hundred dollar bill in his hand as he shook it and told him, "We could use a million more like you." The doctor left without another word. 

Lamarr took a soda and sat down next to Gladys. He thought it best to be here when she woke up. Suddenly he felt a hand on his arm and came fully awake. He had dozed off and didn't know how long he had been asleep. Gladys took the soda from the nightstand and sipped a little to moisten her mouth. She asked what time it was and Lamarr looked at the timepiece on the nightstand. "It looks to be about seven o'clock." She asked,"am or pm?" Turning around he pulled the curtain aside so she could see it was dark. "Feeling hungry yet?" he asked. "I'm starving to death." she said.

Dialing the desk, he asked if there was a decent restaurant in town. The desk clerk gave him two names and said they were the best around. He asked the clerk to call a cab, thanked him and hung up. He excused himself and went in the bathroom on his side. With the door closed, he messaged Miranda and asked if she could transport a couple earth style dresses near where he was. "Done, Commander." He returned to Gladys and showed her the dresses. "While I'm cleaning up, try one on and let me know if it fits all right. Shortly, he heard a voice in his room say how nice they looked and how much she loved the prints. Coming out of his bathroom, there sat Gladys in a light blue dress dotted with yellow flowers and green leaves. He also noticed something else. On the floor were two pair of ladies shoes, one a flat and the other a heel about two inches high. She looked down also and noticed them. Sliding into the flats, she smiled and asked how he knew her size. "Lucky guess, I think. I think it's time for us to catch that taxi."

Together they went down the elevator and it opened just as the taxi driver was going to push the button to come up. "I hope we didn't keep you waiting too long," Lamarr said. "No sir," he replied and opened the door to go outside and then opened the back door of the cab. Lamarr gave him the names of the two restaurants and told him to pick the best one. Within minutes they were in front of "The Clearwater Inn" and the driver opened the door for them to exit. Lamarr asked him the tab, driver said three dollars and fifty cents. Lamarr handed him a twenty and said, "Return in an hour and a half to return us to the hotel and this is yours. "Yes sir. See you at nine." They turned and entered the double doors and were greeted by a hostess. Lamarr asked for a corner table and with a smile she led them over to a corner. "Will this do?" she asked. "Fine, thank you." he said. A waiter filled their glasses with water and asked the pleasure of their drinks. Lamarr nodded to Gladys and she ordered a light beer that was on tap. He followed suit. For a small town they had a pretty nice restaurant and their prices were reasonable. Sitting there sipping their beer, Gladys told him he was an enigma. She had never met anyone who went out of their way to be nice. "Then you popped up and drag me out of the river. You build a fire and wrap me in a blanket, and take care of my immediate needs. How will I ever repay you?" "Try staying out of rivers. Look in a mirror and see the real you, and with the opportunity I'm going to offer you, make the most of it." 

Just then, the waiter arrived with their dinners. Once everything was set down, he asked if they needed anything else. Lamarr thanked him and said they had everything they needed. "What are you talking about?" she asked. "We will discuss this later in private, not now." She took a good look at him and said she hadn't seen anyone quite like him in all her travels. He looked straight at her and said he hadn't come across anyone who jumped in a river to drown. "Touche. That makes us even," she said. It got a little too quiet, so Lamarr asked her to tell him a little of her history. 

"I was born in the slums of New York City. Never knew my dad, he ran out on my mother and left her the job of raising me alone. After high school I left the city and went out west to start a life that I hoped would be better. The first job I had, they wanted me to work sixteen hour days for peanuts. Forty dollars doesn't go far anywhere in this country. I worked my way state by state till I landed in Oklahoma. I landed a decent job that paid a little more than minimum wage, and prices were half what they were on the west coast. Met a guy at work that seemed like a good catch, but he used me till I found out he was married with a couple kids. I raised such a stink at work, they fired both of us. Shortly after that, he started stalking me. This has been going on for six months and finally I decided to end it all. Once in the water, I would be free of him. Is that enough information to satisfy you?" "I'm really sorry about the situation you were in, but the river is not the answer. When we get back to the hotel, we will discuss this some more." After finishing the main meal, the waiter asked if they would like dessert. Gladys shook her head no and he asked for the bill. After paying the tab and leaving a decent tip they went out to wait for the cab. Gladys stopped and got real quiet. He asked if there was something wrong. Gladys moved between him and the building and said she thought her nightmare had found her again. The cab arrived and they went back to the hotel.

CHAPTER 9 Trouble 

Inside the room once more, Lamarr asked her to go stand in front of the mirror. Over to the mirror she went. "Now what?" "I want you to take a long look at yourself and then tell me what you see." he said. after a moment, she said it was just plain her. "No, Gladys, you are different than any other person on this planet. You can continue running or you can decide what you would like to do with your life," he said. "Sleep on it and give me an answer tomorrow." "Would you mind if I leave the inner door ajar tonight?" "Not a problem," he said. He was just getting comfy when he heard a knock on her door. He quietly got up and dressed. Gladys got up and went to answer the door. He sat on the edge of the bed and waited. A voice was heard to say that it was hotel security. Before Lamarr could stop her, she opened the door. Whoever it was pushed her back into the room and pointed a gun at Lamarr as he walked in through the inner door. This just had to be her old boyfriend. He waved the gum around and told them to get dressed and bring their coats. Putting his pistol inside his coat, but not letting go of it, he motioned them to go out the door. Instead of using the elevator he pointed toward the stairs. Looking at Lamarr he asked if he knew how to drive a car. Lamarr shook his head no. He then tossed the keys over to Gladys and told her to get in the driver's seat. He told Lamarr to get in on the passenger side as he got into the back seat. This trip was getting ridiculous. What else was going to happen before he got back home?

George said,"Why don't you make the introductions, Gladys?" "Lamarr, this is George, the fellow with the wife and kids. George, this is Lamarr. We met a few days ago down by the bridge, outside of town." "I'd like to see this place," said George. So Gladys drove the car back to the bridge where this all began. "Park down the road a little and leave the keys in the car." Doing as she was told she parked the car and with George pointing that gun at her, got out and waited. George told Lamarr to exit and he followed. Down to the site where Lamarr had built the fire they went. After arriving at the spot, George told Lamarr he was sorry that he was mixed up in this, but would make sure that only one shot would be used to end his life. Lamarr asked if George would mind if he had a cigarette before his life ended. George said sure, "But remember this gun is on you." Lamarr pulled out what looked like a cigarette and his lighter. He fidgeted with it and finally put it up near the cigarette. George took his eye off him for a second and that was when the laser cut George's hand off at the wrist. Hand and gun fell to the ground. The laser had made a clean cut. Not a drop of blood was to be found. George swung his arm up to shoot and noticed his hand was missing. Lamarr told George he had about thirty seconds before the other hand came up missing. George was in such a state of shock he didn't bother picking up his hand. He ran to the car, jumped in and sped down the road. Gladys looked at Lamarr in disbelief. "What is that thing and how did you use it on George?" Walking back up to the road, Lamarr explained. "This is a prototype of an invention I worked on for a government subsidiary. I found they wanted a device like this for the CIA and the army. When I found that out, I burned all the information and took the prototype with me when I left. To try to get it back or find me would have put the company and Washington in a delicate situation. They decided to let it lie and leave me alone. It does come in handy once in a while, don't you think?" "As I said before, you are an enigma." Walking back up to the road, he asked her if she had a phone in that purse she carried. She pulled out a phone and asked why. He thought a cab ride beat walking all the way back to the hotel. She laughed and made the call. While waiting he remarked what a marvelous laugh she had and her smile wasn't bad either. She told him he was just trying to take her mind off what had just happened. He told her that her days of being stalked were over. She was free.

CHAPTER 10 An Offer is Made

Just then the taxi rolled up and stopped.  Lamarr opened the rear door and gave the taxi the name of the hotel they were staying at as he followed her into the car. After paying the fare, he led her to a nearby tavern and ordered a couple drinks. Sitting down and taking a sip, he told her what the offer was for her. "You can continue on your way to nowhere or you can choose the college to attend and get a degree in what interests you up to a doctorate degree." She looked at him as if he had lost his mind. Then she said, "You're not serious. You're pulling my leg, right?" "Look at me. I will tell you this just once. You have an opportunity to become a success. It will cost you nothing but time and hard work to progress to your goal. I will have a bank account with your name on it and enough money in it to pay for everything. I ask for nothing in return. Just say yes or no. If the answer is no, I will leave a thousand dollars, to take you somewhere else, with the hotel manager. In the morning, I will be gone." They finished their drinks and headed back to the hotel. Sometime during the night he had a visitor. During that short time he got a yes from her.

When morning came he got up and went to shower and make use of the toiletries. Coming out of the bathroom, with a towel over his head to dry his hair, he was met by a smiling young woman all dressed and ready for breakfast. Downstairs and out the door they went to discuss the things that had to be accomplished that day. She said she hoped to get into William and Mary University. Going to the bank, they sat down with one of the vice presidents at the bank and Lamarr gave him a numbered account at one of the major banks in the U.S. After a check with the bank, the young man was very eager to help in any way he could. Lamarr showed him his credentials and after that it was a breeze. They set up the account in Gladys's name and transferred two hundred and fifty thousand dollars into the new account.  They also set up a temporary credit card and a picture ID in case she needed it.  Leaving the bank they took a taxi to a couple of women's clothing stores and managed to fill a couple of suitcases with a new wardrobe for her. Lamarr got in touch with the University and after speaking with the chancellor, they accepted Gladys into the next quarter and asked if she needed a dorm room. Gladys shook her head no and Lamarr said she would probably live off campus till she got accustomed to the new surroundings. By the time they finished it was time for dinner. After that they shared a glass of wine before going back to the hotel. "I can't believe this is happening,"  she said. "Why me?" Lamarr told her she gave him a new perspective on life and it broke his heart to see someone want to die. "Each time I visit this country, I try to help someone out of a tough situation. Fate put me there at the right time to help. I didn't have to search for someone. In a year or two I will be back. I have something for you. He reached in his pocket and told her to turn around. He placed a gold necklace with a plain heart attached around her neck. "Always wear this and I will be able to find you and see how you are doing. It is now attuned to you and will never get lost. Should it be stolen or lost it will show up where you are." She turned around and gave him a big hug. "I will be in your debt forever." "This is goodnight and goodbye for now," he said. Tomorrow will be the first day of your new life. Enjoy each day to the fullest." He turned and went into his room and closed the inner door. Packing his duffle bag, he sent Miranda a message that he was on his way to the river and would meet the ship at the bridge. One last look and he quietly left. Leaving the hotel he flagged a taxi and told the driver he needed to get to the bridge. Upon arriving at the bridge, he paid the driver and then watched as the driver turned around and headed back to town. Only then did he message Miranda to pick him up. The ship rose and a portal opened to allow him to step into the ship. Take us into orbit and I will be in my quarters for the next hour.

As he walked to the lift he heard footsteps behind him. "Hello, Melody. Have you managed to stay out of trouble while I was gone?" "Yes, Commander. Miranda has helped me adjust to life on this ship very nicely." Entering his quarters, he dropped the bag on his bed and went over to the server and got a cup of coffee. As he drank it he entered the last few days into his personal log. Remembering that Melody was in the room, he told her to sit down and relax. After he finished his coffee and log, he went and stowed the bag in his closet and put the little lighter back in the safe place. He had forgotten that this had been an extremely long day, so he stretched out on the bed to rest for a minute.

When he woke up, four hours had passed and Melody was snuggled up behind him. He sat up and swung his feet over and onto the floor. As he turned his head, he saw that her eyes were open and she lay there with a slight grin on her face. Before he could say anything she repeated his words, sit down and relax. "So I sat down and when I noticed you weren't coming back, I came in and relaxed with you." Without saying anything, he got up and went into the bathroom closing the door as he went. Throwing some cold water on his face brought him fully awake and ready to start another day. Coming out into the living room, Melody already had breakfast and coffee on the swing tables and was waiting for him to start. Soon, they were both eating. As soon as he finished, she picked up plates and utensils and deposited them in the dish compartment to be cleaned. When Lamarr opened the panel she exited and stood aside waiting for him. 

Together they entered the bridge, Lamarr headed for the command chair and Gladys headed for the closest chair, and waited. Asking Miranda for a short version of what had transpired the last couple days, she gave a brief explanation. It was mundane and so he had her put it in the ship's log. The head robot entered and handed him a report on the ship's workings and cleaning. Everything was up to par, so he dismissed the robot who turned and exited. With everything ship shape he had Miranda set a course toward the galactic rim and head for home. 

CHAPTER 11 More Trouble

They were about ready to slip into star drive when a signal from the heart in Gladys's necklace sounded. Hold everything. "Come about and head back to Terra." Using the best possible speed to avoid accidental collisions they made their way to Terra. "Miranda, get a fix on that signal and let me know when you have it." Going to his quarters and rushing into the closet, he again filled a duffle bag with clothes, and this time a few military devices were added. Getting his little lighter and a small homing device into pockets, he headed to the bridge. Just as he entered, Miranda gave him the co-ordinates. "The heart is searching for her, Commander. It's heading due west." At the speed it traveled it would not take long till it was again attached to her.  "Miranda get about five hundred miles ahead of it and keep the ship cloaked. Travel about eighty feet high to avoid hitting anything." "Yes sir, anything else?" Opening a vid camera, he was pleased to find it was very dark out. "Steady as she goes." Miranda scanned the highway and the only thing on the road was a pickup and a large auto. "Scan the interior of both vehicles, especially the back third of each.  If a body is in one of those vehicles, let me know."  The heart was only about ten miles behind and coming fast. "Commander, there is a body in the rear of that auto. It is still moving around, so, there is still life in that person." "Come down to about five feet above the surface and a hundred yards in front of them. Drop the cloak and turn on a pair of those search lights at the same time." If the car goes off the road and stops, transport me off about twenty feet from them." 

As the ship materialized in front of the truck, it veered off to the right. The car that was close behind, to avoid hitting it, veered to the left. "Miranda, keep those individuals busy at the truck while I find that girl." The two guys in the car got out and were frozen in place seeing the starship in front of them. Lamarr came up to the back of the car and tossed a mini freeze bomb at them They turned, but not fast enough. The gas froze them and would be effective for about five minutes. At the rear of the car he used the little lighter to cut the lid off and get Gladys out. The heart necklace was back where it belonged, around her neck. Removing the tape from her mouth and shackles from her hands, she turned and leaned against him. "How did you find me?" Looking over his shoulder she spotted the star ship and fainted. "Miranda, send a robot to get Gladys while I take care of this matter." After the robot carried her back to the ship, he waited for the paralysis to wear off. When they started to move, he disarmed them and took them over to the two fellows that were standing by the truck. With the lights on them it took only a second. "Well, George, we meet again. I guess you can't take no for an answer." He walked over and stood in front of him and slapped him. The other three did not know what was going on, but did not move. Grabbing George's arm, he raised it and asked if they knew how he had lost his hand. They all shook their heads no. Lamarr pulled the little lighter out, and grabbing George's other arm, he raised it and sliced off the other hand. "Now I'm going to leave you fellows alive without harming you. On the other hand, I want you to take George on a little ride into the desert; say about twenty miles and drop him off. Then you can return home and live your lives to the fullest. What do you think?" One stepped forward and asked if thirty miles wouldn't be better. " I like you, young man. If I wasn't pressed for time, I probably could use you on my voyages. Anyhow, I bid you good luck and happiness." Lamarr turned and entered the ship. Messaging mother to cloak and leave this planet, he went to the med room to check on Gladys.
 
CHAPTER 12 Choices

Gladys was laying in bed, looking at the robot standing next to her. Lamarr dismissed the robot and it promptly left. Gladys sat up and looking squarely at Lamarr said, "You haven't been truthful about yourself, have you?" "I haven't lied to you. The circumstance that I related to you were not about Earth travel but of travel in the galaxy. I come to Earth about every two years for a quiet vacation and try to help a person out of a jam they are in. In your case, you happened to save me the time of looking for that someone." "That's all this is about. I am your social case. Prop me up and make yourself feel good." "No, Gladys, you are more to me than a social case. If I had told you about all of this, you would have had me declared a nut case. Tell me I'm wrong," he said. After a few tears she nodded her head and told him he was right. Taking her hand, he led her out of the med room and over to a lift. When the door reopened she was led onto the bridge of the ship and could see on the vid screen the beauty of the stars, moon, and Earth from outside the atmosphere. "This is spectacular," she said. "Okay, what now?"

"That is a question you will have to answer. You have a few options available to you. First, going with the original plan that we set up for you. Second, you can stay aboard and travel with this ship for about a two year period.  Third, you can do both. You have heard, I'm sure, about people being abducted from time to time on your planet. They are usually classified as nut cases. Think it over, but I don't have much time for you to decide. Miranda; two coffees with cream and two sugars, please." As she looked around, she noticed a distinct absence of crew. "How many people are on this ship?" Lamarr looked at her and replied "there were three." "Only three?" "Yes. Gladys, there's Miranda, she is the ship, then Melody, my aide and me, Commander Lamarr." "What do you do if there is an emergency?" "I have a few hundred robots, twenty cleaning robots, and Miranda. Together we can handle most any situation that arises." "Don't you get lonely?" "Why would I get lonely? I have a library, gym, hologram area, the whole galaxy to move around in, and numerous planets I can visit. This is a shakedown cruise of the newest " light cruiser" in the fleet." Finishing their coffee, he escorted her to the public areas of the ship. When finished with the tour, they returned to the bridge. Gladys had to admit, it was quite a vessel. She had been thinking there were worse places to be than on a starship traveling around the galaxy. "I have one question. That is, will you return in a couple years and drop me off if I prefer life on Earth?" "That would not be a problem and the vacation will do you good." "Then I accept your offer." With that problem solved, Lamarr instructed Miranda to head for the last planet and then enter "light speed." Miranda asked for a destination so she could enter it into the computer control. "Head back out to the galactic rim and put in a heading for Callus four. Melody, would you show our guest to one of the state rooms." Melody came over and waited for Gladys. When she set her empty coffee cup down, she got up and followed Melody into the lift. When the door opened, Gladys asked what floor they were on and was told level three. She then looked at Melody with confusion written all over her face. Melody told her she would go over the layout of the ship after she was settled in her suite.

CHAPTER 13 Birthday Party

A week after Gladys decided to go with Lamarr on a two year cruise, Miranda let it be known that Gladys had a B'day coming up in about forty-eight hours. Lamarr left it to Melody and Miranda to set up the party. He could tell they were using telepathy to plan as it got dead quiet. Seeing as they were busy, he left and went up to the observation deck. Getting a cold drink, he settled into a soft chair and wondered what was next. He didn't have long to wait. Miranda messaged him and told him a water line had busted and the room was completely flooded. "And what room was that?" he asked. "It was the med room," she replied. "The robots can't enter to fix the problem as the panel, when opened, would let the whole deck get soaked." "Okay, where is the shutoff valve?" he asked. "For that section, it is in the med room. We also can't afford to lose that much water." "Do we have a sealed compartment that is empty?" "Yes sir, it's a deck below." "Have a couple robots go down and make sure it is sealed. When you get an answer from them, have a robot ready to rush in to the med room and turn off the valve. When he is set, transport the water down to the sealed room and open the panel so the robot can shut it off." After a few minutes Miranda told him that it had worked. "The problem now is we need the water in the tanks or we'll have to find a water source that can be pumped into the tanks. We are in dire straights without that water." Lamarr thought for a minute, then gave her these instructions. "Shut off all water pipes in the ship and have a couple maintenance robots reverse the water pump motor, attach a pipe to that sealed compartment that will go all the way to the floor, attach the other end to the water pump via an existing pipe and turn on the motor. That will return the water to the system tanks and reverse the procedure for the motor when compartment is empty. Let me know when you have achieved this and all systems are again working." "Yes sir" came the reply. "By the seven suns, fate is out to get me."

Nothing major happened before the party was set to go. Melody had done a great job with Miranda's help to get the observation deck all decked out with ribbon. Melody had a terrible time getting one of the servers programmed to make a birthday cake. Through a little research, she managed to program the server to make ice cream as well. Miranda, as a hologram, and I, met Gladys at the panel to the observation deck as happy birthday was piped in. Melody gave her a little push so she could enter and see the preparations the service robots had accomplished. From then on things went smoothly. A fine meal, a gift from each of us, and the birthday cake made for a great party. We all got a little carried away with a variety of alcoholic drinks with the exception of Miranda. I managed to find my quarters with the help of one of the robots. Next morning there was a minor set to as Gladys woke and found Melody asleep next to her. She let out a scream which brought Miranda into the fray. Gladys was indignant that Melody had come to her room instead of her own. When Miranda finally got Gladys settled down, she informed her that she was in Melody's quarters. After a whispered apology, with head down, she left Melody 's room and found her own. Of course, Lamarr had to put that in his personal log and chuckled as he did so.



CHAPTER 14 Unknown Craft

Lamarr was just about to head for the Holo room when an unexpected blip showed up on his screen. Without a second hesitation he stopped the ship and waited. If this was a naval ship, it would show up green on the screen. However, this one was red. Miranda telepathed that a scan showed this to be a battle cruiser, but not one of ours. Ahead of them was a small moon and Lamarr eased the ship over to it and settled down in a crevice. Miranda messaged the girls to be quiet,  as we had no idea of who we had made contact with. 

After half an hour Miranda did another scan. It showed nothing nearby. Lamarr messaged back to her to wait another half hour. The half hour dragged by and as they were about to start the blip showed up on the screen. Miranda messaged Lamarr that the battle ship had been on the other side of this moon and also was waiting. The other ship sped up and entered light speed and was gone. They waited another half hour and then returned to their heading and entered light speed to continue on their way.

CHAPTER 15 Callus Four

Stopping in at Callus Four, Lamarr set down on a pad reserved for the Confederation navy. All stayed aboard while Lamarr went into the naval offices and handed in his report concerning the new light cruiser. When he emerged, there were more than a few naval personnel looking over the ship. One of those spotted Lamarr and yelled, "Officer present". They all jumped to attention as he walked over. "At ease, gentlemen. This is the newest cruiser in our navy. She out maneuvers and almost doubles the speed of our present cruisers. Offense and defense is comparable to today's cruisers. That is all that I can say at this time. If you will excuse me, I have places to go and I'm late already. Good day." He entered the portal and turned to see everyone moving away from the ship. "Lift ship, Miranda." They slowly rose and veered up toward the station above. Lamarr knew the service people would want a look at her as she passed by, slowly. A message came in from the station Commander; Looks like a girl that can hold her own, Commander. "From the shake down cruise report, I would have to agree. Stay safe, out." He had Miranda stay half a light year inside the galactic rim and kept the ship at a speed barely able to stay in stardrive. "We will maintain this sweep in case we have an emergency call. It's all yours Miranda. Have the girls meet me in the dining area" "Yes sir." 

He had just ordered a light meal when Melody and Gladys arrived. Standing up, he pulled a chair out for each and asked how they felt about a glass of wine with dinner. Both smiled and nodded. As the meal started, Lamarr asked Gladys if she was satisfied with her rooms and to let him know if she wasn't. He would have renovations made immediately. She replied everything was fine and Melody was able to answer all her questions about her suite and the operation of the ship. Melody had also gotten her a map of the different areas open to her. She wouldn't have to ask anyone for instructions. They were just about to decide on dessert when the alarms went off and Lamarr had to jump up and leave. Rushing into the bridge he again seated himself and swung the computer console around in front of him. The screen was blank. "Miranda, what is going on?" "Commander, we have life forms down in the storage area." Lamarr grabbed his weapon and told Miranda, "Lock all exits from that area and keep watch where the intruders were going. Also, have a team of six armed military robots meet me at that level, by the lift." On the way down, he speculated on numbers and how they had gained access to the ship. As the lift door opened the six robots were in line and waiting for orders. "I want one at each access door and no one but me or one of you is to leave this area. Use whatever force necessary to apprehend these intruders. I hope we can get them alive. Let's get on with it." The three that remained with him followed him through the access panel, then spread out and started the search. Miranda messaged there were two intruders and they were by the armory door. Being as quiet as possible they made their way over. In a half circle they jumped out with weapons at the ready, aimed at the access door. There stood two young men in their early teens, visibly shaken to see three armed robots and the Commander aiming weapons at them. The younger of the two had wet his pants, from being scared. The other just stood there and shook. Lamarr dropped his hand and the robots lowered their weapons. "Just what do you think you are doing?" Not getting an answer, he walked up to the older of them and said quite clearly, "I can have you shot as spies and no one would question my motives." The boy then cleared his throat and told Lamarr they had heard the gossip of the new cruiser in port and grabbing a box, each, walked in to the hold and then hid. They hoped to have the opportunity to get a first hand view of the ship and then sneak back out before they closed the portal. They had waited for the robots to leave, but as the last one walked out they closed up the ship and the boys couldn't leave. "We got thirsty and came out looking for something to drink. We know this was the dumbest thing to do, but we couldn't resist temptation." 

"Well, boys, here's what we're going to do. I'm going to have a message sent back to the Commander of the station with your names attached to it. It will read as follows; two young men, your names, decided to stow away on my cruiser. I will drop them off at my next stop and have them returned to you by the next available ship coming your way. What punishment you wish to bestow on them, I leave to you. While on my ship, they will be working with the cleaning robots and will perform the duties given them by the head of cleaning. If they shirk those duties then solitary confinement will be what they'll get till we set down; signed, Commander Lamarr of the combined naval fleet.  Miranda, send down the head cleaning robot and give him the instructions I just stated, please." After the robot took possession of the boys, the armed robots were sent back to their respective places. Lamarr went back to the dining area and finished his meal. When he finished, he told Melody to take some food down to the stowaways, lean rations for tonight. Gladys looked at him and he raised his eyebrows and said, "What?" Melody left to feed the miscreants and Lamarr took Gladys up to an observation deck for a quiet drink. Afterward, he bid her a good night and went to his quarters to get a good nights sleep.

CHAPTER 16 Meet the "Dolphin"

Next morning he got up and did his daily routine, but instead of breakfast, he went to the hologram suite. He assumed that no one would be there. But lo and behold, Melody and Gladys were doing a defensive program. He watched as Melody went through the first moves, then watched as Gladys tried to copy her. If she made a mistake, Melody would correct her till she got it right. He silently turned and left them to their workout. He went up to observatory, sat down with a coffee and mused about what to name the ship. Each name he came up with was discarded till he said "Dolphin". Miranda broke in with, "good choice, Commander." He thought about it for a while longer and finally decided that was a name that fit. On Earth he had seen schools of them in the ocean. They were fast, sleek, and showed no fear. "Miranda, get in touch with the robots that take care of the outside of the ship and have them put this logo on at our next stop. CNF-933 and under that THE DOLPHIN." 

Leaving the observatory he noticed the two young men hard at work mopping the deck and washing the walls. Without saying anything, he went to the lift and went down to the bridge. As he entered he noticed Melody, without Gladys by her side. What is that girl up to he wondered. He knew he would find out, all in good time. "I take it there were no injuries while you were instructing her on how to defend herself."  "No injuries, but she felt the need to shower and wear something other than that sweat suite." "How is she doing?" he asked. "She is determined and will make steady progress as time goes by." Good girl, he thought. He ran the name of the ship by Melody and she approved.  He finished up the ship's log and decided to go to the holo suite for his daily training session. After his half hour was up, he asked Melody if she was game to try against an opponent from the computer. She nodded and entered the circle. She said, "computer, run Melody program". Two healthy looking specimens appeared and started to circle around her. One nodded to the other and he advanced. Melody put him on his back and took a shot to the back from the other. After a nimble tumble, she attacked and drove him from the circle. Once outside the circle he melted away. The second tried a swift low swivel kick. She jumped over it and kicked him in the head as she passed by. He wilted to the floor and also melted away. Lamarr walked over and gave her a pat on the back. "Well done, Melody. You are getting to be a formidable opponent. I shall have to be careful around you." "Thanks, Commander." Before going to the dining area, he decided a shower was the next thing on his agenda. 



Twenty minutes later, he entered and found the two girls were just ordering their lunch. " May I join you?" They looked at each other, and then at him, before nodding their heads. While waiting for their lunch, Gladys asked about the boys. "They are doing exactly what they are supposed to be doing." Melody, meanwhile, wanted to know what the next stop was like. "It will be a large space station where many worlds trade goods. If everyone can behave, I might allow shore leave." The two girls looked at each other and began to chatter about the possibilities of seeing a variety of goods and people. Lamarr left them discussing the things they would be looking for in clothing and jewelry. When he arrived on the bridge, he found the cleaning report on his chair. After a quick scan he set it aside and asked Miranda their arrival time at SS-9. She said about six hours. "Send a message to the Commander of the station and see if any ships will be passing by Callus Four. If so, tell him I have a couple passengers that need a ride back." "There are several that can fulfill your need, one loaded with refrigerated goods and three that are resupply ships for Callus Four." "Have the Commander set up a time for transfer to take a couple kids back home." "Done Commander." He proceeded down a couple decks and found the boys at work. He told them in about four hours they would be heading home. "Go pack what you are taking with you and go have a hearty lunch in the dining area." With a thank you sir, they were gone in a flash.

 As he headed for his quarters to get his sweat suit on there was still this stray thought flashing through his mind. He just couldn't grasp what it was. Shrugging his shoulders he continued on. Once in the holo suite he concentrated on his workout. He had just sat down to wipe the sweat out of his eyes, when the girls arrived. After a little warm up they were ready to start. Lamarr asked Gladys if she would like to practice with a live combatant. She looked around and then understood the offer came from him. She said she was game as long as there were no broken bones involved. So, into the center of the mat they went. Lamarr wanted her to start with her offense. She immediately attacked him with a vengeance. She couldn't get by his defenses and after a few minutes he halted the match. They both got a sip of water and returned to the mat. Now we will see how you are doing with your defense. Lamarr started slowly and then proceeded to speed it up. After a few minutes, he again called a halt. "I would say you could hold your own against most attackers and with a little more weight behind those chops and punches, you could put an attacker out of commission very easily. Well done." Gladys looked at him as if she didn't believe what he had said. But there was no look of playfulness about him. He was serious. "Thank you, Commander. If someone else had said that, I wouldn't have believed them. Again, thank you." As they sat, they watched Melody go through her program. It was amazing the progress she had made since she had first entered the suite. Lamarr told them there was a hot tub in the side room if they wanted to soak those aching muscles. Looking at each other, they stood and headed to the room. Lamarr smiled and exited the suite to go shower and get rid of the sweaty outfit he had on. 

CHAPTER 17 Undercurrent of Trouble

While the girls were in the hot tub a discussion of Lamarr came up and Melody got a little upset. Gladys wanted to know if he was married, had children, or divorced and looking for a mate, how old he is and is riding around in a space ship his only goal in life. Finally, Melody told her she was brought on board in a stasis box and new nothing what so ever about the Commander and it was none of her business. All she new was the stasis box tipped over and disconnected her from her education. She was not in the know about anything other than he treated her well and she was happy. End of subject. Melody exited the tub, grabbed a towel and left. Gladys was not one to let sleeping dogs lie, so she asked Miranda all the questions she had asked Melody earlier.  Miranda told her bluntly that she was not allowed to give out information on this ship or its crew. That was especially true concerning the Commander. Getting nowhere with these two, she went and asked the boys if they knew anything about Commander Lamarr. They both looked shocked and left her standing alone in the hallway as they ran for the lift. Miranda decided enough was enough. She found the captain in his quarters, assumed a hologram form and coughed to get his attention. He turned and asked who she was, to which she answered, "Miranda." "What is going on here?"  "Commander, I felt the best way to have a private discourse with you was to come in this form. The young lady, Gladys, is asking everyone personal questions about you. It is getting a little embarrassing having to put her off. Something should be done." He was all set to say, "why me" again, but thought better of it. 

He went to Melody and asked her to eat early, as he had an unpleasant task he had to attend to. She answered yes sir and went on with what she was doing. He then approached Gladys and told her to have dinner at six with him in the dining area, then went to get his log caught up and look into today's reports. At six o'clock sharp he entered the dining area and sat down across from Gladys. The robot came to take their orders and left. Once they started to eat, Lamarr told Gladys they had a problem. That being, her asking about him. "If you wished to know about me, you should have voiced the questions a long time ago."  Gladys said she was not wanting to ask silly questions back then. "I think I'm in love with you and wanted to know the circumstances of your past and present life." This made Lamarr sit back and think a minute. When he gathered his wits about him, he told her there was little chance of a relationship with him going anywhere. 

 "Gladys, do you have any idea how old I am?" She said she thought he was somewhere in his late twenties. "I'm over two hundred and twenty of your years old. I'm just now reaching puberty. That night in the hotel was the first time with a woman. I really have no idea how long my life span will be. I have a grandparent that is over five thousand years old and if I don't get killed by something out of the ordinary, I will probably reach that age and then some. If I had your life span I would be thrilled to have someone like you to love, but I hope you see the problem of me getting involved when in a hundred years I would be alone and still not an adult." She looked at him and said, "You're serious aren't you?" "I truly am sorry you didn't ask about me sooner. I would have told you everything you needed to know." She rose from the table and left without another word. Miranda appeared and said she was sorry. She didn't see this coming or she would have warned her of the consequences of getting the idea of marriage in her head. Lamarr told her it was something no one saw coming. Don't feel bad as she will return to Terra and go with the original plan. He then left to sit in the observation area and ponder all that was happening on this first voyage of the Dolphin. 

CHAPTER 18 Space Station 9

As he sat there, the ship dropped out of light speed and the stars were shining brightly all around him. He loved to sit and admire the different sizes and colors. He had a feeling he was not alone, but did not change his position. Melody walked over in front of him and asked what she could do to help. "I'm afraid there is little to be done at this time. I thought I was doing her a favor by letting her accompany us for the period of time we would be gone, before returning to Terra. There are things that we cannot control, no matter how hard we try. She may need someone to talk to shortly. I hope she will turn to you. Miranda interrupted to tell him they had arrived at SS-9. He knew he had to leave and report to the Commander of SS-9, the details of how the ship was doing on her maiden voyage.
 "Miranda transport me over to the station, please." He no sooner said please and he was at the Commander's door. "Come in, Lamarr, and sit a spell. Tell me, is this ship the future or are more modifications needed?" "Well, Commander, at this point it looks promising. She is more than I had expected." The Commander told him to sit as he went to get them a drink. "I just peeked out at her and you have a team writing the name "The Dolphin" on her. "Yes, sir. It was tricky trying to find a name that fit. I settled on a species of ocean mammals that are fast, maneuverable and afraid of nothing. I came across them the last time I vacationed on Terra." "Well done, lad." Finishing his drink he stood and handed the Commander the report on the shakedown cruise so far. The Commander asked to be kept informed of progress on the cruise. Lamarr nodded and left. Once outside, he messaged Miranda to retrieve him. He was about to say something, but he was standing in the observation deck. Without looking around he thought, Thank You; and was answered with, You're welcome. "Well, it's time to go to Deckel. So move out till we're well clear of the station and then let's get moving." " Yes, Commander." An hour later they entered light speed and were on their way.

CHAPTER 19 Anger, Revenge!
		
They were half way to Deckel when the ship went spinning out of control. Things were flying everywhere. The ship dropped out of light speed and then went totally dark. After a minute, the emergency lights came on, but there was no movement. Lamarr called out "Miranda, is everyone okay?" No answer. Lamarr had to pry open the door to leave the bridge. Moving along the corridor, he noticed the robots were busy cleaning up the mess. Using the emergency hatch he climbed down a metal ladder to the next level. Coming out into the corridor he spotted Melody picking herself up off the floor. She spotted him also and asked what happened. "I don't know. I can't get any response from Miranda." The only one not accounted for was Gladys. Where could she be, he wondered. He told Melody to go down one level and he would go up to the level that quarters were on and check there. After a thorough search he started back down to the level he was on before. As he opened the entry the lights went out. 

A few hours later he came to with a number of aches and pains. Looking around he knew he was in a storage locker. Melody, as well as Gladys, were laying on the floor side by side.  Melody moved and soon stood up. Looking at Lamarr, she asked what had happened. His answer was somehow all power to the ship had been turned off. He took a wild guess that given that opportunity another vessel had found them, boarded and were now towing the ship somewhere. Melody checked the doors and found they wouldn't open. She turned and asked, "What do we do now?" "Till we have power or figure a way to escape this storage bay, there is little we can do." Gladys was coming to and Melody asked her if she knew what happened. Gladys turned her back and walked away from the them. Melody walked over to Gladys and asked her what she had done. "I managed to get past the robots and went down to the lower part of the ship and found a room full of machinery. I took my anger out on the machines with a spanner I found in a box. There was a bright flash and when I came to, I was here on the floor with you."  Melody was aghast that she would do such a thing. "You might have sentenced us to death." Gladys turned pale and started to cry. Lamarr could say nothing, as he was more upset than Melody. A door opened and trays of food were shoved in and the door promptly closed again. " Well, at least we won't starve to death," said Lamarr.

Lamarr told Melody to take up a position on the side of one of the two doors and he would take the other. They might be able to grab one off them and get out of there and up to the armory. This did not happen. After what seemed like a week, the third time the lights changed, A voice told them tomorrow they would arrive at their destination. All had given up hope except for Lamarr. As he sat there running all possible ways to reverse the tables on these thieves, a low voice was inside his head telling him to be patient for another hour. He got over the shock and realized Miranda had sent that message. A little over an hour later, the doors opened and the regular lights came on. Miranda messaged him that the invaders were no longer on board and all systems were working. "What happened to you?" he asked. "When the ship went through that whirling mess it caused me to pass out from striking the side of my container. Things were blurry when I woke up and through self analysis, I found I had a concussion. I've had to wait till things seemed normal to take action." "Do I want to know where the hijackers went," he asked. "They were sent back to their ship, and if they can get it running, they may not get fried by that nearby sun." "Is the ship fully functional?" "Yes Commander. Unfortunately, the picture of your rise to Commander was destroyed." He laughed and told her he could live without it. "Miranda, until further notice, put a tab on Gladys, as she is the one that caused this." He knew he had to report this in the log. Though he didn't like it, this was part of the shakedown cruise.

 Without further delay they proceeded on to Deckel. With this stop, they were at the three quarter mark of their loop. After permission to land was granted they set down in the spot reserved for the naval vessels. Lamarr told Melody to take Gladys out and let her see what it was like to be in an alien city. She was to keep Gladys out of trouble. "Miranda, priority security till we get back. I don't need any more visitors sneaking onto the ship." "Yes, Commander." As they left the ship a naval grav vehicle was waiting for them. Lamarr told the driver to drop him at headquarters and then accompany the girls so they could see the city and maybe find something interesting to take with them, the exception being a man. Lamarr watched as the driver pulled away and headed into the city. Then he turned and entered operations and looked for the commanding officer. As it turned out, the command officer was three steps down from being a full Commander. As Lamarr entered his office, he jumped up to attention and saluted him. Lamarr said there was no reason for ceremony in private. "My name is Lamarr and you are?" " I'm Adjutant Roger, Sir. I mean Lamarr." Roger went over to the server and asked Lamarr if he would like a refreshing drink. Lamarr nodded, and as he waited, he set the report on the desk. After small talk, Roger inquired about the new ship. Lamarr told him that the maiden cruise was going pretty well. He was getting acclimated with the new brain and everything was working better than he had hoped. It was then that a knock on the door interrupted them. Roger excused himself and answered the door. The driver had returned and asked if the commander wanted to go back to the ship. If not, he would take the ladies back and await him out front." "It has been a pleasure Commander but I really should be on my way. Thank you for the pleasantries."  He went out with the driver right behind. A couple minutes later he was back on the bridge and getting clearance to be on his way.

CHAPTER 20 S.O.S.

Skipping along the outside of the galaxy,  the routine was without mishap until an urgent request for aid was received. Lamarr ordered full shields and get a dozen fighters ready. "Drop out of light drive about a tenth of a light year away and scan for the ships. Put it up on the screen." Dropping out of light drive, Miranda cloaked the ship and made ready all offensive weapons and had shields at maximum. Ahead, Lamarr saw the signature blue colored dot that was a naval ship. It was surrounded by a half dozen enemy. Lamarr called for battle group to be at the ready and they would drop through the shields at a distance of a half mile from the enemy. "Ahead full; send alert to naval vessel we are here and starting attack pass." "Yes, sir", came back from Miranda. A few minutes later the engagement started, After the first pass, three of the raiders were molten chunks. The other three signaled they were giving up and shutting down. The naval ship was one of the older scout ships and remained in one piece due the expertise of it's captain. Opening communication, Lamarr congratulated the captain on being able to keep the ship in one piece. "If you need assistance in repairing your ship, I'll send a team over to give a hand." "Thanks," came the reply. "If I'm reading the registry right, this is Commander Lamarr and the Dolphin." "You are correct, and while repairs are being made, why don't you let Miranda pop you over for a minute."  "I'd like nothing better than to have a quick look at her." "Miranda, transfer the captain over, please." The captain was a little surprised when he appeared on the bridge in front of Lamarr. "Captain Brodney at your service as he saluted. "At ease, Captain." Before anything else was said, a robot brought in drinks and set one down at the empty chair and one down next to Lamarr. "Have a seat and relax. You have had a busy day." The Captain sat and took a sip and was about to ask about the ship when a hologram appeared in front of him. Miranda gave the Captain a step by step look at the inside of the ship. All the Captain said was " When can I get one?" "With what you managed to do today, I wouldn't be surprised if your wish was granted in the near future." Miranda broke in and said all repairs were finished and the work detail was back on board. "Well, Commander, it has been an honor to finally meet you. Your record precedes you and the navy would like a dozen more like you. Thank you, and I'd better return before my ship gets anxious." Miranda returned him to his ship and a group of navy ships arrived to take the three pirate vessels in tow. "Miranda, let's continue on our way ". "Yes, sir, and the squad is back in stasis and ships are being inspected." A slight vibration told Lamarr they had entered light drive.

It was nice to have things settle down. He went to his quarters and started filling in the ship's log and then his personal log. By then it was time for dinner. Entering the dining area he noted Gladys and Melody were sitting together once more. It was a good sign, he hoped. Opening up his schedule of stops, he saw they had one more layover to make. The Vegan space station, and then home. He remembered this was a section full of loose cannons that could explode at a moments notice. The station was nothing more than a huge battleship. There were, in the neighborhood, about a thousand naval ships in this sector. All were armed to the teeth. Supply and trading ships always had an armed escort. More than once, even those ships were attacked. Slowing down and dropping out of light speed, they radioed ahead their naval number and name of ship. A few seconds later they were allowed to dock at the station. Strapping his personal weapon on he proceeded to the portal. "Miranda, no one is to be allowed to enter or leave this ship except me, understood?" "Understood, Commander." Checking the directory, he found where the Commandant's office was located and was soon at the door. Knocking lightly, a voice said, "Come in, Commander Lamarr." He entered and slowly closed the door. As he turned, he was looking at one of his instructors from years ago. "Lamarr, I see I was right when I told you years ago, you would go far in the service." "Thank you, sir. You had a hand in my success." "Don't call me sir. You out rank me by a large margin. If anything, call me George." "Okay, the report for home is in this case. Would you be so kind as to get it back to the Supreme Commander." Taking the case he set it in a tray and returned with a drink for them. "A toast to the best commander I've seen in a thousand years." "Thanks for the vote of confidence, though premature." He raised the glass and touched George's and proceeded to polish it off. "I suppose you have a thousand things to see to, so I'll leave and come back another time. Thank you, George."  George tapped him on the shoulder and gave him a big grin as he exited the office. He said nothing as he passed the port windows and saw the personnel looking at his ship. As he entered the walkway to the ship a voice yelled "Commander Present". Everyone stopped and stood at attention. "At ease men. If I could, I would take all of you on a guided tour. Believe me, this is one sweet ship and I'm sure you will see many more in the near future. Have a good day." He proceeded to the entry and told Miranda to close port and get permission to leave.
  
Once clear by a quarter light year the ship entered light speed and continued on toward the end of it's circuit. Hours later they received an emergency beacon for help. Veering ninety degrees, they homed in on the beacon. Lamarr told Miranda to drop out of light speed about a half light year from the ship and come to a complete halt. "Miranda, how close to that ship do you have to be to do a complete scan of ship and those aboard." "Commander, I can do that from here." "Good, do a complete genetic and chromosome test on the occupants." After a few minutes, Miranda had the completed scans. "Commander, there is nothing wrong with that ship. However, the one being's tests come back blurry."  "Are there any armaments on that ship? "Yes, Commander, an ion gun at the rear of the ship. "Propulsion?" "Also at rear of ship." "Get one fighter and robot ready for combat, fully armed and ready in a minute. Cloak and slowly approach that ship. Instruct the fighter to disable gun and propulsion unit." Miranda told the Commander,  "ready in thirty seconds."  "At that point release the fighter and wait for word that mission was accomplished. As Lamarr watched he saw two flashes. "Mission accomplished, Commander." Contact nearest naval vessel near here and advise we have a shape changer for them to take in and neutralize. "Naval scout ship on way. be here in about ten minutes" Miranda reported. Soon the scout ship arrived and pulled along side "The Dolphin". Lamarr hailed them and told them the ship was dead in the water and armaments destroyed. Also, they were to be careful as this was a high grade shape changer.
"He was sending out distress signals and luckily we got here first." "Thanks Commander, we'll take it from here." they attached a grappling hook and towed it away. "Let's get back on course, Miranda." Back on course," Miranda said. the next scheduled stop is home.

CHAPTER 21 Home, Deruvia
		

For the most, part the ship had preformed rather well. It was expected that there would be a certain amount of breakdowns during the initial trip. It had taken Lamarr a while to understand the organic mind that was now, for all intent and purposes, the ship. Miranda had melded herself into the very fabric of the ship. Once Lamarr got used to a female voice and, once in a while the hologram that represented her, life had become somewhat normal. He had closeted himself in his quarters to make out the final report. It stated the organic brain was at least as good as the positronic brains, and in all actuality surpassed them. She had the ability of telepathy and could transport anything and anyone a distance of at least five miles, which would be very helpful in an emergency. He was a little put out with the scientific community for not forewarning him of this so called female robot. Once the shock was over, there was a rather enhanced quality of life with her aboard. "It is my recommendation to continue with the addition of the organic brain and the " female robot" to future ships. They have added to the quality of life aboard this ship. If there is no objection,  I will adopt the ship as mine and continue to make it a ship the fleet can be proud of. Final report of Commander Lamarr.

With that taken care of, he dressed in sweats and headed for the holo room. As he entered, he saw the girls hard at hand to hand combat.  So, he sat and watched and waited for their workout to end. The girls were progressing rather well. The average person would be wise to steer clear of angering them. The timer sounded and they quit and came over to sip some water and towel off. "Well done, ladies." "Thank you, Commander" they said in unison. Miranda piped in with the timeline for dropping out of star drive, "Well, in less than eight hours, we will be home to my world. Then we can all get out and stretch," said Lamarr. It is now time for my work out. Punching in his program, he went to the center of the mat and waited. The combatants appeared and the bout was on. Half an hour later, sweaty and tired he sat and cooled down. The girls had left and he had the room to himself. Not wanting to let a chance slip by, he went to the hot tub and relaxed in it for a while. Later he went down to the dining area and had a light lunch. Miranda told him they had about ten minutes and the ship would drop out of star drive. An hour later Lamarr asked for clearance to land. There was a light pop as they were drawn through the force field that surrounded the planet. There were only a few open pads to land on, so he took the one closest to the naval terminal. As he and the two girls went down to the exit portal, he told Miranda if she needed to report to the scientist enclave she was free to do so. She could also report on the "female" robot. 

Exiting the ship they were met be a grav car and taken over to the terminal. Once there, he told the girls if they wanted to wait, he would join them for the trip into the city. Nodding their heads they followed him. Inside, the building was enormous. Lamarr told them their was a rec room and cafe over to their left. He would be but about ten minutes and then they would start their adventure into the capital city of Deruvia. Going over to a wall of lifts, he entered the first open and punched the top floor. As the door slid open, it was sheer bedlam. People were running around like ants on an ant hill. Picking his way through, he managed to get to the private offices. Down at the end of the hall was a door marked "Supreme Commander." He walked down the hall and knocked on the door. A pretty young lady opened the door and allowed Lamarr to enter. "Do you have an appointment"? she asked. "No, but I think I'm expected ", said Lamarr. "May I have your name and rank?" He replied, "Commander Lamarr of the ship, 933, "The Dolphin". She backed up and in a friendlier voice apologized for not recognizing him. Going over immediately to her desk, she put her headpiece on and announced that Commander Lamarr was here to see the Supreme Commander. The panel slid open and the commander himself came out to greet him. As they reentered his office, the commander said the reports were very enlightening about the ship. He also noted that the science enclave had put a fast one over on the navy with that robot addition.
 
"Well sir, it was a little awkward then. She and the organic brain are a step up for the navy. I have come to rely on both of them the last couple of months. If no one sees a problem, I would like to remain with the ship and occupants as we have melded into a team. "My boy, that is exactly what the navy hoped to accomplish. With the reports we have received from you, the navy has started building a dozen new ships, and in the future we hope to replace the older cruisers with this type. The navy is also considering a few battleships with a design like this one. As of now you can take a leave to rest up before you go out again." "Thank you, sir. There are a couple waiting for a tour of our capital city. With your leave, I will take up no more of your valuable time." The commander walked him to the panel and told him the office was always open to him. With that he left and went down to meet the girls at the cafe. Sitting at an outdoor table drinking a fruit juice that was rarely found anywhere else, they planned their excursion into the central part of the city. Gladys wanted to know if this was just a naval base or an out of the mainstream city. The answer she got was, neither. "You are on the outskirts of the capital; Dilantra. This is home to a dozen alien diplomats like your UN. In fact, it actually governs the alliance. As you enter the city, try not to stare at the different races you see on the streets.  

After taking the monorail to the platform in the center of the city, they walked to the nearest lift and descended to the street below. It was still early, so the population had not really started their workday. Gladys did however get to see a number of different species on their walk. Stopping at a few shops, the girls had the opportunity to see the fashions worn by the different cultures. They both fell in love with what looked like a light bathrobe, but actually was a formal dress. They each tried one on and told Lamarr they had to have it. The colors were so vivid that they came to life as you walked in them. Lamarr had them wrapped and gave an address to send them to. After wandering around for a few hours in which they saw a museum, art gallery, and the science complex, they stopped at a restaurant and had fun trying different samples of alien cuisine. When finished, Lamarr hailed a hover craft and gave the operator an address to go to. In minutes they were outside the city and heading for a high hill. 


The craft landed and the girls thought they were about to enter an embassy. Lamarr explained that this was indeed his residence and they would spend a few days relaxing before leaving to finish their circuit. Inside, was a palace by earth standards. After a quick tour, they were shown to their sleeping quarters which were side by side with a connecting door. Lamarr asked if they wanted to stretch and take a nap or they could make use of the pool, sauna, and hot tub at the back of the residence. He was going to make use of the sauna and pool before taking a nap. The girls went to their rooms and found laid out on a rack swim ware and towels with a coverlet to wear around the house. In moments they were coming out to enjoy the amenities outside. Lamarr was floating in the pool listening to music piped out to poolside speakers. The girls rid themselves of the robes and joined him. After that came the sauna and hot tub, followed by another dip in the pool. By now everyone was ready for a nap. Drying off,  they headed for their rooms. the store had delivered the packages for the girls, but that could wait. Their bodies needed a little time to recoup. Later came a knock on the door. A robot said dinner was to be served in an hour and drinks in the library before, if they were so inclined. It turned out to be quite an evening, as some family members stopped in after finding he had returned. For three days they did nothing but enjoy the small vacation. Now it was time to return to the ship and continue the journey.

CHAPTER 22 Finishing the Circuit


After a day aboard ship, they resumed their daily rituals. It was definitely time to get into comfortable clothes and get a bite to eat. Cleaned up, he headed for the dining area. There was no one there. So after he put in his order, he pulled out his private log and set down the events for the last couple days. If this was happening to someone else I wouldn't believe it. His order arrived and he ate like he had missed a whole days meals. "Miranda, what is your take on being part of this ship, with me, and Melody?" Commander, this is my first contact outside of the lab. I have nothing to compare it to. I will say, you make life interesting." "Would you be happy in a different ship with a different commander?" "There again, I really don't know." "Well, time is running short and I won't keep you if your unhappy. I know there are more ships like this being built. Personally, I've gotten quite happy with the rapport we've built on this cruise." Now he had to find out what Melody thought about this little team. Just as he got up, in walked the girls. Telling Melody that he had a need for her later in the day, he left and went down to the hologram suite and went through his almost daily workout. Tired, sweaty and in need of a drink, he went over and sat down. In came a robot with drink in hand. "Thank you, Miranda, I needed this." With a quiet thought she said, "your welcome." Not being in any hurry, he relaxed and sipped his drink and thought about all that had happened on a shake down cruise that was supposed to be like a vacation. After the sweating had subsided, he strolled up to his quarters and throwing off the sweaty clothes went into the shower to get clean and reduce the aches of the workout. When he felt that staying any longer under the hot spray might wrinkle his skin, he got out and scrubbing himself dry. As he left the bathroom he almost tripped over Melody. The shock made him drop the towel and there he stood in front of her with nothing but a smile on. Melody said she thought it funny when the rolls were reversed. He wasn't laughing. Then he remembered the first time he met her on the bridge. Slowly he went from a frown, to a smile, then outright laughter. "It seems we are even now." he said. "Well if you want the upper hand, there's always that hot tub." she said. He hesitated a minute and then told her to grab a couple of towels. 

Sitting in the hot tub with wine and cheese sent down by Miranda, He felt it was a good time to get her input on staying aboard with him and Miranda. After a quiet minute, she smiled and said this was the best offer she had ever had. And also reminded him that what a commander wanted in the navy, he got without any problems. "Why would there be any problems?" he asked. She reminded him that the scientists arranged for her to be here and may want to evaluate this trial. "Then, they can send one of their team members along to evaluate while we make the next circuit." He slowly rose and got out of the tub. He had enough water for one day. As she rose to join him, he handed her a towel. A thought crossed his mind, and he thought, she's a robot, I think it's time for me to stretch out for a little nap before dinner. See you in the dining area in about an hour. Then, without saying anything else, he left. As Melody was leaving, a whispered thought entered her mind; you haven't told him?  Everything went smoothly the next couple of days. It was during dinner one evening that Miranda interrupted the meal to tell them they would be in Terra's solar system in about three hours. Gladys left the dining area and went to pack her belongings. Melody stopped by her suite to see if there was anything she needed. Gladys thanked her for all she had done for her, but there wasn't anything to do but go with the original plan. College, new people to meet and happiness knowing her stalker wasn't going to be near her. All packed and ready, Gladys had one of the robots bring a bottle of champagne and two glasses. Together, they sat and while sipping their drink, they recounted this past eighteen months. 

CHAPTER 23 Close Call

As they neared Earth, Lamarr told Miranda to cloak the ship upon entry into the atmosphere. "All set, Commander." was her reply. Taking the helm he slowly dropped toward the ground. Coming in at an angle would hopefully cut down on the chance of a vapor trail. At twenty thousand feet his luck turned and he was among a trio of military jets. Cutting his entry speed down to pace them, he thought he had gotten away without them knowing he was there. He told Miranda to monitor their conversations and pipe it onto the bridge. Slowly he dropped below them and was just ready to turn for Clearwater when one of the fighter pilots called out, "What is that?" One of the others piped in, "man, that sure looks like a UFO." "Miranda, what in the seven suns is going on?" "Commander, the cloak has shut down." Now the race was on. He zig zagged as he picked up speed and as they turned, he stopped and shot straight up into a cloud bank. "Any luck getting the cloak to work?" he asked. "Not yet Commander". Veering off ninety degrees, he picked up more speed and headed up out of the atmosphere. He was about to breathe a sigh of relief when Miranda reported two missiles were behind them. and gaining. Spotting an old satellite, he used the laser at low intensity to heat it up. he flew straight at the satellite and missed hitting it be just a few feet. The missiles being heat sensing blew the old satellite into powder. Then and only then did he relax and stop all movement. Still listening to the pilots as they chatted back and forth,  they thought they had destroyed him. It was then that a third voice entered the conversation and asked why they had shot, two million dollar missiles at an old satellite. Not wanting to look like idiots, the leader of the trio transmitted he thought he had seen a spy plane about thirty thousand feet higher than them. The voice told them to return to base, out.

 Lamarr waited while Miranda found the problem and sent a couple robots to fix it. An hour later Miranda reported the unit was up and working. This time he slowly dropped down into the atmosphere. At thirty thousand feet, everything looked good.  At twenty thousand feet, out of a cloud bank came a passenger jet streaming toward him. He dropped down quickly to avoid a collision. When he did this he created a shift in air dynamics and the aircraft dropped down also. Coming to a dead stop, he watched as the jet dropped down and then gradually climb back up. "Well, that's enough fun for today. Time to get to Clearwater," Resetting his glide path, he was soon at the place he wanted to set down at. It was a learning experience for both. After a hug, Melody left and went to the bridge to join Lamarr as he made a landing near Clearwater, New Mexico. that being accomplished, Lamarr met Gladys at the exit portal, took her bag and stepped out, once more on Earth. 

CHAPTER 24 Life, Death, Dr. Steely

As they walked toward the highway, Lamarr told her he would be returning in eighteen to twenty four months and would stop to see how she was doing. Gladys thanked him for memories that would last her a lifetime. It was sad she could never tell anyone about this period in time. As they reached the highway, Gladys reached for her phone and dialed the number for a taxi. Nothing happened! The phone was dead. It hadn't been charged in the time she was gone. Gladys said, "looks like we're going to have to hoof it into town." "Considering the shape we're in, that shouldn't be a problem," Lamarr replied. So off down the road they started. It was twilight and passing cars had not put their headlights on yet. A few minutes later headlights started to appear as darkness took over. They both heard a loud car approaching, but as there were no light showing on the road they figured that the car was quite a ways behind. Gladys turned her head as something about that car coming bothered her. Too late she saw the car swerving all over the road. It was on them before she could react. All she could do was scream. When she regained her senses the car was nowhere in sight. Melody appeared beside her. They both looked around and spotted the Commander about twenty yards away in the ditch. Cars were starting to stop to see if they could help. Melody told Gladys to get someones phone and see if she could get Doctor Steely to meet them at the hospital asap. Borrowing a phone she googled the doctor's number and called. Doctor Steely answered and Gladys reminded him of his visit to the hotel months ago. Without waiting for an answer she told him that Lamarr was to be taken to the hospital and they needed him present as Lamarr's doctor. She would explain all of this when they got there. 

As the ambulance pulled up to the Emergency doors, Gladys staggered out and called to Doctor Steely that Lamarr was in bad shape. Doctor Steely told the emergency team to get him to the Imaging room Stat. He put Gladys in the care of a resident. Then Melody made her appearance. Doctor Steely told her to go into the waiting room to which she answered, "Where Lamarr goes so go I." "Who are you anyway", the doctor asked. "I am Lamarr's aide, and all decisions made will go through me." "I don't have time for this," replied the Doctor. "Come with me, but stay out of the way." Running, he made for the elevator with Melody matching him stride for stride. In side the elevator he took a good look at her. "I have never seen anyone, man or woman, in as good a shape as you are." "I practice a lot, Doctor, as does Lamarr, or he would be dead already." Once in the imaging room, Melody told Doctor Steely Lamarr needed a heavy dose of a medicine she had brought with her. "I don't even know what's in this vial." "As Lamarr once trusted you, so now you must trust us, please!" Doctor Steely filled a syringe with the fluid and injected it into his arm. Lamarr's body stiffened and stayed that way. "What is this stuff, the doctor asked?" "It is a stasis shot. It will keep him from further damage. Just do an image of his head, and no more. Get him into a private area where no one will be aware of him. When things quiet down, return and bring Gladys with you. Trust me, Doctor, all will be explained tonight." At nine the replacement doctors and nurses arrived and took up where the others had left off. After checking Gladys for any problems, he found her to have nothing more than a broken arm and some scratches. Telling the resident he was going to go over her history down in the coffee shop, he led her to a door and walked her up two floors. In a dimly lit room, Lamarr lay on a gurney and Melody sat beside him. Doctor Steely said "now what." Melody voiced 'Miranda" and a second later they were by the med unit on the ship. Miranda appeared and the doctor just about fainted. Get Lamarr into the unit over against the wall. A robot walked in and started hooking all kinds of things to Lamarr. Melody asked if anyone wanted something to drink. Doctor Steely stated, "as a rule I don't drink on duty, but this time I'll break the rule." Miranda told them to follow Melody up to the observation deck and grab a seat. When the three of them were seated, a robot came in with drinks and another with a tray of sandwiches. Setting them down, the robots left. While they were watching the robots, Miranda opened the view window. Steely's mouth dropped open as he looked out and saw the Earth beneath, the moon to the left, and a small portion of the sun to the right. The stars were every color of the rainbow. "Is this real?" he asked. Miranda appeared and told the good Doctor, what he saw was real. "You are in orbit on Commander Lamarr's ship. Melody and Lamarr are not from this world. That is why we could not allow a full body image to be taken. We also had to wait for most everyone to be home so as not to have military aircraft coming this way after a UFO sighting was called in." The ship was slowly turning so everyone could enjoy the view. After a few hours and a few more drinks all were relaxed and comfortable. Then the panel slid open and in walked Lamarr. "This is impossible." cried Doctor Steely. I checked you out myself and only your heart showed any activity. Speaking of your heart, if I didn't know better, I'd say you had a second heart that was picking up the slack from the first ones inability to function properly. "You are close to the truth, but we'll leave it at that."

CHAPTER 25 New Life 

"The unit that I was placed in is a stasis chamber, and speeding up my metabolism makes it possible to be here talking to you. The unit also works down at the genetic level. Needless to say, there is nothing more I'm at liberty to discuss on this issue. I do hope you have been well cared for in the interim." "My mind is having a hard time grasping all that is taking place. I could spend a lifetime just trying to understand this amazing medical unit. Now that you are healed, what is going to happen next?" asked Doctor Steely. Lamarr sat down with drink in hand, looked squarely at Dr. Steely and said,"BOO." Dr. steely jumped as if he had been bitten by an animal.  Lamarr took another sip and started laughing. "We are not animals here and we don't exterminate people who know about us. We do however wish to remain unidentified and would hope what you have seen would stay between us. Once every couple years, I like to come to Terra for a vacation. It helps if no one calls out alien when they see me. I also help those that have helped me. Now, I'm indebted to you. If in some way I can help you, all you need do is ask. If I can, I will." "We could use another doctor here, but no one stays after a month or two." said Dr. Steely. Lamarr looked at Gladys and after returning that look, she told him he had to be kidding. "Miranda, would you like to enter this conversation?" Miranda appeared and told Gladys that the education she would need could be implanted by the med unit in about twelve hours. After that it would take a week for assimilation into her mind. During that time the necessary documents could be gotten. Figure two weeks and you could be a resident at the hospital and you already know one of your colleagues." Again Lamarr looked at Gladys, No more running, no more stalkers, a good start to a new life. What more could you ask for?" Gladys looked at Dr. Steely and he nodded his head and said,"welcome aboard." Then Gladys looked at Lamarr and nodded her head also. Melody took her hand and led her out of the observation deck and down to the med room. She left her in the hands of the med robot. Doctor Steely told them he couldn't remain or there would be questions he could not answer. Lamarr told him he had a patient to release or there would be more questions. "So, let us be on our way."







CHAPTER 26 Melody and the Robot

Miranda left orbit and headed for the edge of the solar system. Just outside the orbit of Pluto she energized the light drive and they were on their way. With the ship on auto and the two of them asleep, she had the time to make up the report for the Alliance, the supreme Commander and the head of the science center. So far, all was working well with the exception being Melody. She has not done what the programming set her up to do. With only a month before they entered the home solar system, time was running short. While the Commander was in stasis, Miranda had added a few new pairs to his chromosome string. Melody"s had also been added, if the separation of the unit from her body had no adverse effect on her. No use dwelling on that, running a quick scan on the ship told her all was working according to parameters. As they were in light drive, there was nothing to see in the observation window, she dropped into a neural slowdown; A nap for a regular being. After sleep period was over, it was time to be alert and ready for anything. When Lamarr awoke, he had the distinct feeling there was somebody in the room. Rolling over he realized he was right. She was laying right beside him. "What in the name of the seven moons are you doing here?" She replied that she woke up and was lonely in her quarters and couldn't get back to sleep. She didn't think he would be upset if she snuggled up behind him. It should also be noted, she fell asleep immediately. "What have they done to me?" he yelled, as he went into the bathroom. After cleaning up he got dressed and went into the living room to find her crying into a piece of cloth. He was all ready to rant and rave when he realized what that nagging thought was. He slowly remembered the words spoken by Miranda when he first heard that female voice. "THERE ARE NO POSITRONIC BRAINS ON THIS SHIP". Sitting down across from Melody he asked if the scientists had forgotten to tell her she was not a robot, but a live person that they probably managed to make from a genetic string and real tissue. Speaking softly, she told of the scan made by Miranda. Somehow she was put here for a purpose, But the unit attached was partially damaged or they expected you or I would make the discovery. Lamarr thought of all the times he had paraded around in front of her without a stitch of clothing on. Getting past that, he asked why she never told him. "I was afraid you would send me to work with the robots as you did with those two boys." Well that answered some of the questions. "Okay Miranda, time for you to come clean." She said she had tried in a subtle way to make him see Melody was not what she appeared to be when she remarked about positronic brains. They had put a block in her brain that stopped her from coming right out with the truth. He sat there for a minute, then grinned, followed by a chuckle, and finally a full belly laugh. Miranda asked if he was all right. He looked at Melody, smiled, and said he never felt better. He called Melody over and sat her down in his lap, hugged her and said he was sorry. She moved her head back and looked him straight in the eye; then hugged him back. "There are a lot of things we are going to have to straighten out; all three of us, to make this ship the pride of the fleet. I think a little celebration is called for." In walked a robot with glasses and champagne. "The Dolphin" continued its journey through the galaxy a little more subdued and orderly. 

					###










About the Author
Born in the Adirondack mountains of New York State. Spent my teen years in a suburb of Rochester, N. Y.  Chosen field became boring the last two years, so at fifty five I retired. In 1999 we left New York and settled in a town near Nashville, TN. Life was good, but in 2019 my mind became bored. My wife talked me into trying my hand at writing. Five books in one year kept me wide awake and thinking, when will I start number #6? HMMMM.
* special thanks to Dr.  Steely of Nashville, TN.



Books by A.H.French
The Tri-Rep, Book 1
Trial by Fire, Book 2
Ascension, Book 3
Billy
Trials of Commander Lamarr









