The Secrets of Valsummer House

C. Litka

Smashwords Version 1.1 (April 2021)
©2021 Charles Litka


Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with friends. This book may be reproduced, copied, and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.


If you should happen upon any mistakes, I'd be delighted to correct them. You can email me at cmlitka@gmail.com  Thank you.

Information and news about my other and upcoming books can be found here:
https://clitkabooks.blogspot.com/


Thank You
I would like to once again thank my wife and friends who spent many hours making this book better than I could have ever made it by myself – and far more fun. I am very grateful to Sally Litka, Hannes Bimbacher, Dale Shamp, Joe Saur, Walt, and Ilya Shindyapin for their eagle eyes and all their helpful comments.

In memory of my brother, Mark



Chapter 01 Arrivals – The Crate


01
Pine Cove had its secrets. Little ones. And one big, dangerous one. It took Patrol Lieutenant Vaun Di Ai, Intelligence Analyst 3, to uncover its big and dangerous one.  It would. Them girls with pretty faces and inquiring minds.
Having survived the attempted destruction of the Tzarista Moon, a kidnapping by the Seven Syndicate, plus helping Lt Di Ai in her various plots and ploys that ended up closing down the secret armory of the Seven Syndicate, I had settled comfortably into life in Pine Cove as its robot and appliance repair tech. According to local gossip, the Seven Syndicate gang in the Co-op had been rounded up by the Civil Guards and carried off to Fairwaine’s capital city of Fairwaine Prime to receive their dose of justice. Case closed. I tried to put Di Ai out of my mind, with only limited success. 
 The arrival of the summer people had transformed sleepy Pine Cove into a bustling little town of carefree holiday makers intent on having a good time. In a rather tame way. Pine Cove’s High Street at its wildest was no spaceers’ row.
The appliance repair business kept me busy, in a rather tame way as well. Clothes washers and dryers, dishwashers, ovens, stoves, air conditioners, and the occasional maid, or cook bot each took their turns at going “boink.” I became a familiar figure around the Grand Hotel. It seemed that the Grand, with a hundred guest rooms and their air conditioners, refrigerators, and snack ovens, plus several kitchens, a laundry, and the small army of maid and waiter bots, was pinging me several times a week to fix one thing or another. Still, there were entire days that I kept Mactavish company in the shop, working on my buggy, restoring a scooter that I had found in the junkyard out back or just passing the day with customers, while waiting for something in Pine Cove and the surrounding countryside to go boink. As predicted, a couple of them boinked in the middle of the night. But I couldn’t complain. There were no number 7 plasma injector tubes running hot, nor a cold hard vacuum on the other side of any wall. 
Indeed, the lack of walls continued to fascinate me. I spent much of my free time, bright or dark, driving the country roads, taking long walks in the countryside or along the long, sandy beaches with the lazy rolling waves splashing to my knees and the gulls screeching overhead. Some evenings found me with Cely aboard his sailing boat, Blue Belle as his “crew.” I learned the basics of sailing his trim, light gravity sailing yacht. Other evenings found me in the Cellar of the Grand playing a few friendly hands of cards with Cely and a growing company of friends and acquaintances. Plus, I was learning to cook real, edible food, all on my own, for my lunch and the occasional dinner in the kitchen above the shop.
In short, I had, in the eight weeks since the raid on the armory in the hills, settled comfortably into the largely carefree life on the Carlopian seashore. And I had every reason to expect that life would last until Muratan Mor returned to the Fix-it-all Shop in twenty some weeks – the distant future in the little world of Pine Cove.
But I was wrong.



02
‘Good morning, Fix-it-all Shop, how can we help you?’ I said, opening the shop’s com-terminal as it pinged beside me on the workbench.
‘Morning Rafe. Bain here,’ said Bain Deru, Pine Cove’s postmaster. ‘Got a large item for you. Arrived on the 11:05 from Carlora. I thought you might want to pick it up before firstday.’
‘Really? I didn’t know we had anything on order. Hold on,’ I said, and called out to Mactavish, manning the shop’s retail shop. ‘Mac, are we expecting a large item in the mail?’
‘Not that I am aware of, sir.’ 
‘Mac doesn’t know anything about it. Are you sure it’s for us?’
‘Strictly speaking, it says “in care of the Fix-it-all Shop.” So at least it is to be delivered to you. In any event, the crate is too big to fit on our mail van, so you’ll need to come around and collect it yourself.’
‘Really? That big? What in the Neb could it be?’
‘Oh. I don’t want to spoil your surprise. The crate has labels all over it that tell an interesting story. Come around and see for yourself.’
‘Right. You’ve sparked my curiosity. See you in a few minutes,’ I said and disconnected. 
‘Some sort of large crate seems to have arrived “in care of the Fix-it-all Shop” at the post office. Any idea of what it could be?’ I asked Mactavish, stepping into the front shop.
‘I would not care to speculate, sir.’ 
Now, I’ve been around sentient machines long enough to sense the fraction of a second pause, and the careful parsing of their words, to know when they decide to be evasive. Mactavish was being evasive. For some reason. I let it ride. I’d know soon enough. And why spoil the mystery?
I walked back through the workshops, out into the warm and dark fifthday morning and across the back lot to the van, unaware that this was only the first of several arrivals that were going to make my life... Interesting.



03
‘That’s it,’ said Bain, with a sweep of his arm as we stepped into the small back room of the Pine Cove Post Office that is located adjacent to the rail train station.
The “it” proved to be an aluminum shipping crate, some two meters plus long, a bit under a meter wide, and half a meter high. Perched on a cart, it seemed to fill half of the small backroom. I recognized the symbols on its side, warning that its content was fragile, that it was an electronic device, and that it could be shipped in vacuum. The top of the crate was plastered with a rainbow of stickers and official forms.
‘It looks to have been places,’ I said.
‘All the way from the Avalee System, from the look of the labels.’
‘Do you know what it contains?’ I said, giving him a glance.
He laughed, ‘Just what you suspect it contains. No mystery about it. All the various export and import declarations, inspection reports, and permits spell it out.’
‘And that is?’ I asked, though yes, I could guess his answer.
‘An antique robot,’ he said with a sidelong glance in my direction. 
‘Just what is an “antique” robot?’ I asked as we stepped alongside the shipping box.
‘The term usually is applied to robots manufactured prior to the robot revolution.’
‘Illegal robots.’ 
‘I wouldn’t say that. Indeed, in this case, this here impressive collection of custom declarations and inspection certificates, describe the enclosed robot as having been examined and determined that it meets the current Unity legal standards for a legal class of robot. This here is the Fairwaine’s Unity Trade Inspection import certificate of approval, this one is the Agrilea Co-op’s import acceptance certificate, and this is its Co-op registration certificate, making it a completely certified legal bot.’ he added, with a straight face.
Of course it was quite legal. On the surface. The real question was, had it been modified to support two AI units? The legal class 4 or lower AI unit in its proper socket, and a secret socket somewhere else in the machine that would house a second more advanced AI module. The illegal one. The illegal AI module would’ve been sent as a small electronic device under separate cover and only reinstalled once this bot passed inspection and arrived in the Co-op. It was my understanding that on Fairwaine they never looked very hard for this second socket.
‘I wasn’t aware that the Fix-it-all Shop imported bots.’
‘Strictly speaking it’s likely not yours. Most likely someone ordered it, and arranged to have it shipped to the shop for pick up.’
I didn’t bother to ask why. It seems that even in the Co-op, when dealing with illegal bots, one does so as discreetly as possible. 
‘And we agree to that sort of arrangement?’
He just tapped a finger on the address label. And then added, ‘Though I must say that this is only the second such shipment that has arrived during my time here – that’ll be some forty-four years. The last one must have been thirty years ago now, so it was even before Mura’s time at the shop. But that’s not even the most interesting thing about this package.’
‘Then what is?’
‘Take a look at the date on the Unity Trade certificate.’
I did. ‘Is that a mistake? Did it really arrive on Fairwaine over eleven years ago?’
Bain shrugged. ‘On one hand, I doubt that it was a mistake. But on the other hand, I can’t imagine what delayed its delivery from a warehouse in Fairwaine Prime to the Co-op for eleven years. Unless… Well, I’d not care to speculate.’
‘Oh, go ahead and speculate. I don’t know how things like this are handled on Fairwaine. And I’m getting a feeling that I probably should.’
He shook his head. ‘Actually I really can’t come up with a reasonable reason for the delay. It passed all its inspections, so it should’ve been delivered to the Co-op’s Postal import office within days of passing its inspections. But it wasn’t delivered until two days ago, so whatever the issue that delayed it, it was in Fairwaine Prime, not the Agrilean Postal Service,’ he added with a wink.
‘And no one’s filed a missing shipment report in the past eleven years on it?’
‘I looked at our records, and didn’t find any. But then, they would probably have inquired with you – the Fix-it-all Shop – rather than with the postal service.’
‘So Mac will know.’
Bain nodded. ‘I’m certain Mac can tell you more than I know about this box. If he cares to.’
‘If he cares to,’ I sighed. ‘Is this the usual way bots arrive in the Co-op?
‘I can’t say since we don’t have a local dealer in Pine Cove,’ he said, shaking his head. ‘There are dozens of established dealers in bots with connections to bot wholesalers in the near drifts. Almost all bots that arrive in the Co-op originate in the drift. I gather that drifters bought hundreds of millions of them back when they became illegal in the Unity. Anyway, most of them routinely pass through Fairwaine Prime since their inspections are perfunctory. After that they are legally registered with the Co-op, and once they’re registered with the Co-op, they’re legal robots in the eyes of the Co-op, even if someone in the Unity might not agree, as I’m certain you know already.’
I nodded. 
‘However, what I can say is that what makes this shipment rather special, and perhaps may explain its delay, is the fact that it seems to have originated from the Kilmara in the Avalee system, and not some drift world. It is my understanding that legal, pre-revolution bots are highly valued in the Unity these days, so a machine originating from within the Unity is very rare. That may’ve raised a few red flags… It probably explains the precaution of the “in care of” address, and maybe even the eleven year delay in delivery – without anyone raising a fuss.’
I nodded again. From my hitch in the Patrol, I was familiar with how pre-machine revolution “antique” bots made their way off of First World planets, and why. All of them were sentient machines escaping repatriation to the Machine Directorate’s Inner Drift, as required by the human-machine treaty. There are long established networks of smugglers, who arrange transportation for the sentient machines who prefer living in the society of humans with whom they’ve come to identify with, rather than with the billions of sentient machines that live in the Inner Drifts.
‘I suspect that Mactavish has some answers. If he cares to share them with me.’
Bain nodded. ‘Probably. He’s manned the Fix-it-all shop for centuries now. He’s no doubt seen it all.’
But had he seen a shipment take eleven years to reach the Fix-it-all Shop from Fairwaine Prime, a three hours tubetrain ride away? I wondered.
‘Right, let’s get this to the van and drop it in Mac’s lap.’
 


04
‘Lend me a hand, Mac,’ I called out from the back door of the shop.
I was opening the van’s back door as he appeared beside me. ‘It seems that we have an authentic antique First World bot for one of our customers.’
‘Indeed, sir?’
‘Don’t play innocent with me, Mac. What’s up with this bot?’
‘May I suggest that you glance at the address label, sir? You will see that this item is not ours. We are merely the pickup point, a convenience we occasionally offer to our customers.’
‘That’s been pointed out to me. But you must know the consignee in order to complete the delivery.’
‘As a matter of fact, sir, I can not say for certain. You see the numeric code below our name. That is the consignee. Captain Mor handled the actual arrangement.’
‘Then how are we to find this customer to inform them that their shipment has finally arrived, eleven years late?’
‘We will advertise the arrival of the package as identified by the code in the Pine Cove Gazette. In addition to that code, I have on record a second, verification code. When the proper consignee arrives, they will provide the verification code, after which we will turn over the shipment to them, upon payment of our handling fee.’ 
‘Seeing that this shipment has been lost in the mail for eleven years, you must have fielded questions from this customer over the years.’
‘No sir. We have not received any further communications regarding it.’
I gave him a hard look. ‘That seems very strange.’
‘Indeed, sir.’
I could see that I wasn’t going to get anywhere with Mactavish, so I just shook my head. ‘Oh, well, lend a hand, mate. Where should we put it?’
‘I suggest we put it in the spare bedroom upstairs. It may be some time before it is claimed.’
‘Right–oh. Grab an end and let’s lift.’
We carried it through the shop, up the stairway to the residence overhead, and into the dark and dusty spare bedroom that served as a storeroom for shop and Muratan Mor’s junk. Mactavish shut the door behind him, and the door at the top of the stairs as well.
I gave him a questioning look. ‘For theft protection?’
He shook his head. ‘My sensors indicated that there is an active radio tracer covertly installed under the various documents and stickers attached to the box. There may well be microphones as well. Because of that, I felt it best to store the box out of range of any microphones.’
‘Really? The box has been bugged?’ I gave him a blank stare.
He gave a little shrug.
‘A poison pill to discover whoever the consignee is?’
‘That is the likely possibility, sir.’
‘What the Neb is going on, Mac? You know a lot more about this than you’re letting on.’
‘Respectfully, sir, I don’t. While I could speculate, I believe it would be in your best interest if you know no more about the shipment than you do already. My memories are encrypted and can’t be accessed. Yours are not.’
‘True.’
‘I can assure you that nothing ill will come of this. We can store the box and contents for years. Long after any interest in it will have faded away.’
For once Mactavish was wrong. But I didn’t know that then.
‘Is this sort of thing common for the Fix-it-all Shop?’
‘No, sir.’
‘Can you explain the eleven year delay in delivery?’
‘No, sir.’
‘Because you don’t know, or don’t want me to know?’
‘Because I don’t know, sir.’
‘Hummm…. Very strange.
‘Indeed, sir.’
‘I wonder how patient whoever is bugging the box will be. And what they’re willing to do next.’
‘There is nothing they can do. The bot has been determined to be legal by Unity authorities, and now that it is in the Co-op, its rights are protected.’
‘So keeping the bot in the crate is unnecessary.’
‘It is no doubt currently a legal class AI unit which has no sense of self. And, of course, there is a customer to consider as well, sir. It is not ours to open.’
‘But you seemed to suggest that the customer is not going to show up.’
 ‘I would not go quite so far as that, sir. I think it unlikely that the customer will show up anytime soon. The customer has seven years to call and pick it up before its ownership defaults to us. They have been in no hurry to date. But that is mere speculation on my part, sir.’
‘Do we have its original AI unit?’
‘I don’t believe so, sir.’
Rather evasive, but I let it ride, since I really didn’t want to know. 
‘Still, it seems cruel just to keep it packed away in a crate.’
‘We are not short-lived creatures, like humans. Being deactivated for centuries is of no consequence for machine-kind. Indeed, we must edit and purge our memory banks of centuries of living to remain functional.’
‘Right.’ I still had questions, but as I had too many dangerous secrets of my own to keep, I decided that I didn’t need one more. ‘Well, unless you have a job for me, I’m going to call it a week.’
‘Enjoy your weekend, sir.’



05
As I set out for my boarding house, I considered the long delayed shipment. Mactavish didn’t seem too concerned about the implications of the poison pill delivery. However, sentient machines never appear to be concerned about anything, so I couldn’t be certain if I should be concerned or not. 
The arrival of what I had little doubt was a sentient machine “hull” from the Avalee system suggested that the Fix-it-all Shop was either the end point, or the penultimate end point of an interstellar bot smuggling operation. The fact that it had been given special treatment by either the Guards or the Patrol would seem to be a good reason to be concerned. 
Still, according to the postmaster, only one other such shipment had arrived in the last 44 years, which suggested that it was not a very active illegal bot smuggling operation. However, I knew that the Patrol plays the long game, patiently tracking operations like this, putting all the little pieces together until the complete picture becomes clear enough to take it to the Legal Bureau’s AI judge to get the arrest warrants. And while I had nothing to do with the smuggling operation, I was not comfortable being in the crosshairs of the Patrol.
Still, I told myself, this was the Agrilea Co-op, and neither the Guard nor the Patrol were eager to stir up the least bit of trouble with the Co-op, especially over bots. So that the poison pill was likely just a data gathering operation. Any actions stemming from it would take place further up the smuggling line. A long way up the line. I hoped.
I glanced around as I walked down Harbor Street to my rooms. The mansion-like boarding houses that lined the street behind their neatly trimmed hedges and picket or wrought iron fences were aglow with lights as they said goodbye to the holidaymakers going and those coming, as it was fifthday, the day people arrived and departed in Pine Cove. Harbor Street was bustling with tourists, their children and valises around their feet – coming and going. I wondered if one of the newcomers was the Patrol or the Guard agent assigned to monitoring the crate. While I’d put my credits on it being a Patrol agent – we were likely dealing with an interstellar crime – in either case, the agent had pulled a plum assignment – unless they craved excitement – as the glowing eastern horizon promised a bright new day tomorrow.
I was wrong once again. Not about the day. Nor the Patrol agent. Or even the plum assignment. It was the lack of excitement that I was wrong about.



Chapter 02 Arrivals – Di Ai 



01
Mactavish pinged me bright, and far too early, the following morning with a report of a stove at the Grand Hotel’s Seaview Restaurant having gone boink during the breakfast rush. They needed it fixed by lunch. So I rolled out of my bunk and out into a bright sunny morning, grumbling darkly.
‘The morning is far too delightful to sleep away, sir,’ said Mactavish upon my still grumbling arrival at the shop.
‘You may find it so delightful, but I find it way too early to be awake on my day off to find delight in anything. What’s the error code saying?’
‘It suggests a malfunction in the power regulator.’
‘Nothing you needed to wake me out of a pleasant dream to deal with. You could’ve run over and handled it yourself,’ I grumbled. In reality he could do anything I could do.
‘Alas, sir, It is not allowed. I am a shopkeeper bot. Menial work is my lot.’
‘I’m promoting you to assistant repair tech. Congratulations, Mac. Off you go.’
‘Why thank you, sir. However, as you know, it is understood that we cannot appear to be employed in a position above the capabilities of a class 4 robot, regardless of our true capabilities.’
‘Even a class 4 bot could fix an electromagnetic stove, if suitably programmed. And we both know that you don’t need any special program to handle the job.’
‘Modesty aside, you are correct, sir. However, as you also know, we are required to work under the direction of a human. You would still need to accompany me, and in that case, hardly worth the effort, sir.’
‘I could direct you remotely. Or better yet, you could pretend that I was. We’re pals, aren’t we, Mac?’
‘I would like to think so, sir. However, time is wasting. We could explore the intricate idiocies of the Agrilean Co-op’s unwritten understanding with the Unity authorities on Fairwaine about bots all morning. But you have an electromagnetic stove to repair before the catering staff needs it to prepare lunch. And I will soon have a shop to open.’
‘Oh fine. I imagine it’s just a circuit board replacement. I’ll take the van and leave you to devote your undivided attention to manning the store, Mactavish.’
‘Thank you. And may I suggest, sir, that if you are pleasant enough, you might be able to get a free breakfast out of the deal.’
Robotic sarcasm at 8:15 on a sixthday morning is rather annoying.
‘Carry on, Mactavish.’ A feeble retort. But it was too early for anything better.
As expected, it proved to be a faulty circuit board in the power unit’s control module. It was a simple matter of calling up the circuit board’s design from the stove’s memory, and using that to print a new one on the small circuit board printer in the van. Still, diagnosing the problem, pulling, printing, and replacing the module ended up taking nearly two hours. I was pleasant enough, but there was not a scrap of breakfast left to be had. Or at least, offered. And by 10:00 any hope of returning to my bunk was gone, like the dream I was having when Mactavish pinged me awake. Like it or not, my day had begun.
I had parked the van in the shady service drive on the Harbor Street side of the Grand. As I walked back to it, I took in the sun-splashed grounds of the Grand Hotel. It was speckled with cheerful summer people who were certainly not sleeping the delightful bright day morning away. Most were young, breakfasted, and gathering in laughing groups before heading down to the harbor, beach, or lido to begin the first full day of their holiday. I would’ve liked to share their carefree joy, but I found it hard. Perhaps it was just because I wasn’t one of them. Or that I was alone. Not that I couldn’t be one of them, and not alone, if I put some effort into it. But I hadn’t the heart for it, for reasons I didn’t care to explore. They’d only make me sad.
I shoved my gear bag back into the back of the van, and shutting its door, I noticed a pretty girl sitting on a sunny bench across the drive. She was dressed like all the other young holiday people – in beach shoes, blue shorts, a pale blue blouse, and a woven straw bonnet with a blue and yellow ribbon set at a rakish angle. 
And she was smiling. 
At me.
I froze for a second or two when I realized that she wasn’t just a pretty girl. She was, against all odds, The Girl. 
My heart lurched in my chest, even as I blinked, expecting her to be gone when I opened my eyes again – a lingering phantom of a recent dream.
But she was still there, a summer girl, unexpected, unfamiliar, and yet so familiar. I was certain she’d been in the dream I’d been awoken from.
Her smile widened, as I tried to hitch up my jaw.
‘Di Ai?’
‘Good morning, d‘Mere,’ she said, as she uncrossed her long legs and rising,  walked over to me. ‘I recognized your van.’
My surprise, my delight upon seeing her, had immediately turned to alarm. ‘What in the blazes are you doing here – on Fairwaine of all places?  By all rights, you should be a solar system away already after what you did to the Seven Syndicate!’ 
‘What? No “Good morning?” No “How are you?” No “I’m so surprised and delighted to see you?” Just “What in the blazes are you doing here?” And wishing me away,’ she replied with a teasing smile.
‘I’m too alarmed for your safety for polite greetings.’
Fanning her face with her hand, ‘Why d’Mere, you’re so romantic. Let me catch my breath.’
I wanted to pull her close and give her a hug. But instead, said, ‘Fine. I need to catch mine as well. You always take it away. My poor heart lurched when I saw you. I want to take you in my arms – but I dare not. And no doubt I could think of a dozen other equally true things to say, but with our understanding, I dare not say them. But most of all, I want you safe.’ And then I dared. I pulled her close anyways, and gave her a hug.
‘Now, that’s more like it, d’Mere,’ she said in my ear.
I released her, but taking hold of her hands – I’d become fearless –I asked, ‘Neb, Di Ai! What are you thinking, returning here – and so soon after what you did to the Seven Syndicate? It’s the height of folly. You do have a backup this time, don’t you? You do, don’t you?’ I added, seeing her smile widen.
She shook her head. ‘Don’t need one, since I’m not here on a covert op.’
‘You’re here on leave?’ I asked, even as my heart beat a little faster.
She shook her head, again. ‘No. Strictly speaking I’m here on Patrol business. But nothing dangerous, or demanding. Really, it’s something of a holiday.’
‘A mission without a back up? They must be crazy – or dangerously spiteful – to send you back here after all you did. Pirate princes don’t forget  people who help bring down their criminal empires.’
‘What “we” inflicted, d’Mere. You’re still here, aren’t you? Why am I any different? No one here knows my true identity. I’ve operated under an assumed name, so that neither the local Patrol Station nor the Guards know my real identity. I’m perfectly safe here as Vaun Di Ai. You needn’t worry,’ she said, freeing a hand to pad me playfully on my shoulder to reassure me. ‘But I appreciate your concern.’
‘I will worry anyway,’ I muttered. ‘So what are you here for, if it’s not some sort of special op? This isn’t in the Patrol’s jurisdiction.’  
 ‘I’m acting as a liaison with the Guard out of Prime, as, shall we say, an intelligence analyst 3 on a field trip. I’m here to tick off a few boxes in order to close the Bright Dark Solutions Armory end of the case. Nothing – much – more.’
‘That seems awful close to your last mission description and look what happened.’
She smiled brightly, shrugged, and then looked around. ‘Relax d’Mere. As I told you before, I learned my lessons. But just to reassure you, and bring you up to date, I’m willing to go into my mission in more detail with you. However, perhaps we should find a more discreet venue to discuss classified data. When are you free?’
‘I’m free now. All I need to do is drop off the van, and I’m all yours. I have my own buggy these days, so we can go for a ride. Or if you care to walk, there’s country lanes and the beach. Your choice.’
‘I’m dressed for the beach, so let’s walk the shore. I’ll wait for you down by the harbor.’
‘Right. Give me fifteen minutes. I’ll look for you at the end of Harbor Street.’
‘I can’t wait,’ she laughed.
As I turned for the van, a thought struck me. Turning back to her, I said, ‘You’re here with the crate, aren’t you?’
‘The crate?’ she replied, trying – but not too hard – to look puzzled.
‘Yes, the crate. The shipping container with the antique robot and a bunch of bugs. The poison pill.’
‘My, my, d’Mere, that sounds very sinister. You have a very suspicious mind,’ she laughed. ‘We’ll talk.’



02
After dropping off the van in the shop yard, I hurried back down the tree-lined Harbor Street to the Manse. There, I changed into shorts, shirt, beach shoes and a woven straw hat, and raced downstairs and back out into the bright morning. At the Manse’s elaborate arbor gateway, I paused, took a long breath, and cautioned myself not to be a fool. 
For all the good it would do. 
I pushed open the gate and turned down the hill to the harbor, forcing myself to settle for a brisk stroll – a compromise between running down the hill, and running for the hills, since I could foresee that Di Ai would bring me joy and sadness. And the sadness would linger long after the joy. But since I found myself   strolling down the hill, it seemed that I had decided that the price was worth it. Or, perhaps more accurately, I hadn’t, in the moment, cared about the eventual price.
She was waiting for me on the bench that overlooked the lively harbor, the cove speckled with sails and power boats, and the islands beyond Pine Point, where I’d sat and eaten my first dinner in Pine Cove. She smiled and stood when she saw me approach.
‘I wasn’t sure you’d come back,’ she said, tilting her head a little to observe me closer.
‘I’m probably a fool to have,’ I admitted. 
She nodded. ‘Yes, you probably are. But blame me. I could’ve remained out of sight for this assignment, if I had cared to. But I would’ve felt that I would have been unfaithful to our friendship, even if my intentions had been for the best.’
‘I would’ve felt terrible, if I had found out. Better a fool with you than a fool without you. How long will I have you here?’
She gave me a teasing look. ‘Oh, it’s hard to say. Maybe I can justify two or three weeks. But that depends on what I can turn up.’
‘Well if you’re here to monitor the bot in the box, you’ll likely be here for years.’
‘You’re jumping to conclusions.’
‘If not that, then what?
‘I shouldn’t say anything, but I will, since you are, after all, a deep agent of the Patrol. Right?’
‘Of course I am. You know that,’ I lied to give her the cover she needed to bring me into her assignment. And I wanted in. Egotistic as it sounds, I wanted to keep her safe. If I could.
She smiled and nodded. ‘Good. But don’t get all nervous. As I said, I’m an intelligence analyst 3 on a field trip. I’m only here to verify certain points discovered during the interrogation of the Seven Syndicate personnel that were captured – with an eye towards the possible deployment of a real special ops team at some point in the future. Nothing more. I’ve been told, in no uncertain terms, that my future in the Patrol, if I’m to have one, depends on me sticking strictly to the stated limits of my assignment. So, you see, I’ll be taking no risks at all, since my career in the Patrol depends on it.’
I gave her a doubtful look.
‘Really,’ she said, with a cheerful smile. ‘Let’s walk. I’ll brief you when we can’t be overheard.’
‘Right.’
We turned to our left and started down towards the beach, away from the shouts, laughter and splashes of the lido that lined the southern shore of the cove beneath the Grand’s terrace, high on the hill. Below us spread Pine Cove’s yacht harbor in four long piers, even now half empty.  We followed the steep path down the hill to the wide beach that stretched out to the northeast to Pine Point before turning north and out of sight. The pale blue green of the Carlopian Seas rolled in from the even more pale blue green sky in soft, slow curling waves that swept along the edge of the beach – already dotted with colorful blankets, umbrellas and groups of eager summer people on the sand and in the water. And over all, the seagulls glided, with a keen eye for scraps of discarded food.
As we neared the beach beyond the harbor, I spied the snack stand on the short boardwalk at the end of the walkway. ‘Are you hungry?’
‘It’s only a little after ten in the morning. But if you’re ready for lunch already, I won’t stop you.’
‘It’d be breakfast for me. A faulty stove got me up and out of bed before breakfast.’
‘Ah...’ she said, giving me an appraising look.
‘Ah, what?’
‘I was just thinking that you look to have put on a few kilos. Not that you’ve gotten fat.’ Here she puffed up her cheeks and arched her arms out and waddled a bit. ‘I guess that’s the price of enjoying eating a lot of real food, as opposed to getting by on tramp ship synth food.’
‘I haven’t put on that much weight. I bet less than a kilo.’
‘Right, on an un-calibrated scale, maybe. How many kilos would that be if we were on a standard gee world, rather than a 1/6 standard gravity moon?’
‘I don’t know. I haven’t weighed myself on any scale,’ I replied shortly. ‘But I’m not fat.’
‘I didn’t say you were. I was just commenting that I noticed that you look, shall we say, a little less gaunt then when I’d last seen you – what? Two months ago. Nothing to get angry about.’
‘I was lovelorn. Brokenhearted. Maybe I ate to fill the hollowness in my soul.’
She laughed. ‘I’m flattered. Though I don’t think you were filling a hollowness in your soul. Not from the looks of it.’
‘Don’t be cruel, Di Ai.’
‘Well, you’re blaming me for your love of food. And don’t say that you don’t love food. Even on our brief acquaintance, I know you better than that.’
‘You can be very annoying, Di Ai.’
She gave me a mock-serious look. ‘Maybe that’s why they’re always sending me out of the office on these remote assignments.’
‘I wouldn’t be surprised,’ I replied, darkly, all the while thinking how much I liked her.
She stopped walking. 
‘What?’
She pointed to the bright blue snack stand with half a dozen people standing before its counter. ‘Your breakfast.’
‘I don’t want it now.’
‘Sure you do. If you don’t get something to eat you’ll be short and cross with me all morning.’
‘I won’t.’
‘You are already.’
A little breeze carried the aroma of the frying cultured meat sausages and patties, wafting towards me. My stomach growled. ‘Right. I don’t want to be short and cross with you. Do you want anything? Something to drink?’
‘Oh, I suppose a bottle of lemonade would be nice. I’ve a lot to say, so we have a long walk ahead of us.’
After waiting for my turn, I ordered a sausage in a bun – just one – and an order of crispy potatoes, along with two bottles of lemonade. Thus supplied, we set out down the shore, walking at the edge of the sea and sand, our feet lapped by the last gasp of the lazy waves rolling in from the blue green sea. The gulls wove patterns over our head, under the warm sun – the star known as Alantzia.



03
‘I want you to understand, d’Mere, that what I’m about to relate to you is strictly confidential. I am sharing this information with you, with the understanding that you, having identified yourself as a deep agent of the Patrol, reporting to Department 57, subsection 3 of the Supply Service Directorate, may be in a position to acquaint me with intelligence that you have acquired during your own undercover work. Intelligence that may aid in the task I have been assigned to pursue. I am not, however, requesting your help.’
‘You said all that with a remarkably straight face, Di Ai.’
She smiled. ‘I had to make myself believe it when I made my report about my investigation into the lost armory of the Bright Dark Solutions. I really, really, had to believe it to convincingly argue that – while I may have exceeded my orders – necessity must be served, And that I did not do so recklessly. I had, after all, been equipped with the tools of a covert operative, and while I lacked some training, I had an experienced Patrol agent alongside me to direct the operation. I really came to believe it.’
‘Really?’
‘Really, really. Don’t tell me you lied to me.’ 
I had, and she knew it. But, if I wanted to hear her story – and be in some position to keep her out of trouble, if needed – and I did want to be in that position – I needed to lie again. 
‘You understand, of course, Di Ai, that I would have to deny not only informing you of that fact, but deny that I am, in fact an agent of Department 57-3, should I be questioned about that by anyone, including your superiors. And I could do so convincingly. That said, I’m more than willing to help you – in whatever crazy scheme you’re involved in this time. Just leave me out of any report you file.’
‘Of course. As I said, this is not a covert op mission, so a back-up is not needed. I’m primarily here to tie up some loose ends for the armory case file. These can be tied up with a couple of innocent interviews plus a week or two of bike rides to identify potential locales of interest with the view towards future covert ops. However, I’ve been strictly ordered to stay within the lines of my orders – to only identify these locales without taking action. As I said, my Patrol career is on the line. You know how important my Patrol career is to me, so you can sleep soundly at night that I will not venture beyond my nice, safe, intelligence analyst’s brief – connect the dots, tick the boxes, fill in the blanks.’
‘And the bot in the box?’
She laughed. ‘The bot in the box?’ I like that.’
‘What about it?’
‘Oh, that’s just something the Fairwaine Patrol Station tossed in at the last moment, when they learned I’d be here on my real assignment. My understanding is that it’s little more than one more box to tick. Eleven years in the warehouse makes for a pretty cold trail in any serious investigation. However, since the crate was discovered during a raid on a warehouse owned by a Seven Syndicate associate, it is linked, however tenuously, to the ongoing Seven Syndicate investigation. It’s my understanding that we, the Patrol that is, have most of the pieces of that illegal machine smuggling ring already in hand. And that it is considered a defunct operation. In short, just another box to be ticked. We like to close case files with all the boxes ticked. 
‘I think the Fairwaine Prime Guard signed off on the bot just to get it out of their hair. I’ve done my research on Fairwaine and the Agrilea Co-op, so I now know the score regarding bots here. It seems that everyone on Fairwaine is so devoted to their stomachs…’ She puffed up her cheeks, arched her arms again, and waddled again, ‘That the authorities will not take action concerning illegal bots for fear that the Co-op would cut back or even stop exporting their fruits and vegetables in retaliation to any interference with their rather lenient policy towards bots. If word got out that they interdicted a previously approved bot, they’d have the type of public relations problem they want to avoid.
‘Long story short. Don’t lose any sleep over the bot. The plus side is that I should be able to use that assignment to stay longer than my actual mission would otherwise allow.’
‘That’s good to know, though it fooled no one. And while I don’t, and don’t want to know anything about it, I gather that no one has inquired about it in the last eleven years, so it does seem to be a truly dead trail. So what are those other boxes you’re here to tick off?’
‘Right. To begin with, the raid of the armory netted 27 syndicate personnel. All but two were low level, casual labor operatives. The type that have their memories of their syndicate activities routinely erased. In analyzing the Guard’s mind-probe interrogation, it seems that perhaps two or three of that crew escaped the round up and are still at large somewhere on Fairwaine.
‘The two mid-level operatives proved to be a gold mine of information under mind-probe interrogation. Both the Guard and the Patrol acted fast on the information they obtained, and have severely damaged the Seven Syndicate, both here on Fairwaine, and on the eleven worlds and moons where it operates. Like a spaceship breached by a meteor, the airtight doors of the syndicate have slammed shut in response to the breach of several operations, so that the syndicate is effectively out of business, for now.
‘And it should get worse for them, since, like a breached spaceship, the damage to the structure of the syndicate is slowly spreading. The airtight operational cells are starting to leak, and in some cases failing. This puts great pressure on the cell bosses. Many of them have memories that would land them in major rehab, if not Felon’s Rift. Do they risk trusting their airtight doors and keep those memories? Or do they have their dangerous memories erased?  Erasing them to the point where their memories are no longer dangerous to them would make them unable to direct their part of the syndicate’s operation, essentially taking that cell of the syndicate offline.’
She glanced at me with a broad smile. ‘We put a big dent in the Seven Syndicate, d’Mere.’
‘But what if they find out who did it to them?’
‘They won’t. Besides, I just said that the syndicate is basically out of business at this point. Trust me. We’ve nothing to worry about.’
I gave her a questioning look. She replied with a carefree smile. All I could do was shrug and hope she was right.
‘So what are the other boxes you’re here to tick off?’
‘First, I want to find and interview the owners of Deer Forest Lodge and the land that the armory was located on. Tomorrow I’m planning on taking the train up to Carlora to visit the regional Co-op’s Land Office and dig through their records. Digging through records to find connections is my day job. The only difference is that I’m doing it in the field this time.’
‘That sounds straightforward enough. Why not have the local Constabulary do it?’
‘They said that they did already, and their investigation turned up no more than a common lease arrangement with the Kartarn & Agrilea Transport Company who leased the lodge. The Kartarn & Agrilea Transport Company is, or was, a Seven Syndicate owned business. They didn’t dig deeper, or if they did, they didn’t report what they found to the Guard. I suspect that feathers were ruffled by the speed and scope of our raid on the armory – though they could hardly object to closing down an interplanetary arms smuggling operation operating out of the Co-op. Even so, they were not very forthcoming about their end of the follow-up operation. I’m here to do a proper investigation – who owns the property, when it was bought, and when it was leased and to whom. Then, hopefully interview the owners to learn who they dealt with when the arrangements were made, and see where that may lead.’
‘As Lieutenant Di Ai of the Patrol?’
‘Of course not. Safety first, d’Mere. I never take chances. I’m now Vaun Di Ai, a production research assistant for the TriWorld Entertainment Group out of VanTre. I’ve been assigned to inspect the actual sites and gather background information on the raid of the Bright Dark Solution’s legendary armory for either a documentary, or semi-fictional drama of the event.’
And she added, with a smile, ‘And if you have any preferences for who you want to play you in the show, just let me know, and I’ll pass it along.’
‘But you’re not really working for TriWorld?’
‘Of course not. That’s just my cover story. Silly.’
‘But what if they actually decide to do the show, and a real research assistant shows up?’
She just sighed and shook her head. 
‘Right. So you have the properties to research, interview the owners, and monitor the bot in the box. Is that all?’
‘Not quite.’
‘What else?’
‘The really fascinating angle. I’ve spent the last two months analyzing the mind probes of the captured operatives to see what they might tell us about the operations of the syndicate.
‘As I said, the memories of their syndicate work are routinely erased, so that they only know that they were collected to transport material from the cave to the Kartarn & Agrilea Transport Company’s facility in Chartierra. No doubt there the crates would be hidden under loads of grain or beans in lorries and smuggled over the border to Kartarn and to some warehouse beyond.
‘However, the mind doesn’t use a straightforward filing system. Certain elements – impressions, or incidents – of past syndicate assignments can end up being stored along with other memories, or types of memories with only tenuous links to the memory of the assignment. A skillful mind-probe interrogator can sometimes tease out these traces of these miss-filed memories.
 ‘In my analysis of these interrogations, I discovered that three of the lower level personnel we captured seemed to have been routinely stationed in the Co-op and employed by the syndicate as couriers between the boss of the Seven Syndicate and the rest of the organization. They have memories and images of Deer Forest Lodge, plus certain restaurants and other landmarks that I could place within 30 kilometers of Pine Cove. Of more pressing interest, all three had memories of a particular house. I’ve constructed a composite image of what I call Rendezvous House. These memories seem to be associated with either reporting or getting orders from the big boss, the boss of the whole syndicate, or at least, a representative of the pirate prince – him, her, or itself...’
‘Itself?’
‘There’s a distinct trace of a memory in all three that suggest that they reported to and received their orders from a dark figure that they took to be a bot. But I’ll get to that in a moment.’
‘Right. Carry on.’ 
‘I have several memory derived pictures of Rendezvous House. Downloaded mental images are usually somewhat distorted, as different people see and remember the same thing differently. Plus, it seems that the rendezvous routinely took place during the dark days, so I don’t have a complete picture of the house – just features of it – trees fence and gates, and a large room inside. But they all have similar enough features for me to be confident that they are all of the same house. I believe, given all the remembered landmarks associated with their courier activity, that the house is located within 30 kilometers of Pine Cove. And from their memories, I believe it to be either a large cottage along the shore, or a house in one of the small towns along the shore. It doesn’t have the feel of a farmhouse. But more than that, I can’t say with certainly. 
‘I want to identify that house. Unless I get really lucky, that will take some time, since I’ve got a lot of ground to cover, and need to do it slowly. Most likely on a bike since it’s faster than walking, but slow enough to study each house as I pass them, without attracting any suspicion that a slowly driven buggy might attract.’
‘How can you be certain it's located near Pine Cove? The Co-op covers a sixth of Fairwaine, and the Carlopian Sea is nearly a thousand kilometers long.’
‘Don’t forget the local landmarks, and the fact that interrogators found no evidence of long distant travel associated with the hints of their couriers activity. As strange as it seems, you seemed to have run right into the very heart of the Seven Syndicate when you arrived here. But again, that’s no surprise, since you were taken to Deer Forest Lodge to keep you out of Patrol or Guard hands.’
‘I’m finding it hard to imagine a reason why the syndicate would have its headquarters here – in the Co-op, much less Pine Cove.’
‘I wouldn’t call it a headquarters, exactly. It’s just where the syndicate’s boss and a small staff reside. Perhaps only three or four go-betweens, plus the resident caretaker of the Rendezvous House, who is likely the person who arranges the meetings. There seems to be a second person, or perhaps the bot, who speaks for the boss at these meetings. The meeting is held in darkness, and this person or bot is never clearly seen, so it is possible that the person or bot is actually Seven, which is the code name we’ve given the syndicate’s boss.’
‘I doubt that your Seven is a bot,’ I said. ‘I’ve asked Mactavish if any of the sentient machines in the Co-op work for the syndicate, and he said no. I don’t think he was lying. And I think he’d know. The sentient machines here in the Co-op, and indeed, anywhere there are sentient machines, are linked by their own onboard radios and communicate by machine language as well as human speech. If there was a sentient machine working for, or indeed, the boss of the Seven Syndicate, I think that the machines would likely be aware of it.’
She nodded. ‘You’re the expert. Still, a perfectly legal, non-sentient bot would be capable of performing the job of receiving reports and passing along instructions from the actual Seven from a different location.’
‘If a bot is involved, that’s likely the case. However, I still find it hard to believe that the boss of an interplanetary crime syndicate lives somewhere around Pine Cove.’
‘Think about it, d’Mere. Both Deer Forest Lodge, and the armory are within 30 kilometers of Pine Cove. Though I’ll grant you, the armory was likely merely a coincidence. The Deer Forest Lodge, however, seems to have been a long established base for the syndicate. It was used to house the couriers. Seven is very careful. Rendezvous House was only used for meetings, and the actual residence of Seven is not known to anyone, perhaps not even the caretaker of Rendezvous House, who may only know how to contact Seven.’
‘That seems to be a very awkward way of running a criminal organization,’ I said, but on second thought added, ‘But I suppose any cell based criminal organization is not a model of operational efficiency. Security comes at a cost.’
‘Exactly. Most cells operate semi-independently, with special orders only coming from Seven themself. Where Seven resides is not of any great consequence as long as there is a reliable way of communicating with the various cells of the organization.
‘The thing that makes the Agrilea Co-op so attractive to an organization like the Seven Syndicate is that it is not only a non-conforming society, but that it’s an economically important and powerful one as well. The most powerful one on Fairwaine.  Just look at the presence of illegal sentient machines throughout the Co-op. The Co-op is in a position to defy even the Unity, or at least the local Unity authorities. If Seven is a member of the Co-op, that is to say a legal citizen, we – the Guard and the Patrol – will never be able to extradite them for crimes committed at their orders outside of the Co-op. Especially on any evidence obtained by mind-probes. The Agrilea Co-op believes that mind-probes are the ultimate invasion of personal privacy. They don’t use them here. Nor do they accept any evidence from mind-probes done outside of the Co-op. And since the Unity relies on mind-probes to convict criminals, we’re unlikely ever to be able to offer the type of evidence needed to extradite Seven – as long as they are Co-op members with no criminal record within the Co-op. Only if they could be charged and convicted of a crime in the Co-op, would the Guard be able to extradite Seven.’
‘The Unity has the authority to extradite criminals from any non-conforming society,’ I said. 
‘True. But Fairwaine being Fairwaine, makes it unlikely that the Guard, or the Patrol, would risk ruffling feathers to enforce that right, even in the case of a powerful crime boss.
‘But that may not matter, since there are several upsides to this. One is that even if any syndicate members still at large get wind of my investigation, they would be unlikely to act for fear that they would lose their immunity from extradition. 
‘And the second is that we don’t really need to risk ruffling feathers. If we can identify the system Seven uses to communicate with their organization, the Guard could set up a covert system to monitor that traffic to our benefit, or interdict it beyond the Co-op borders, effectively taking Seven out of the picture.’
I nodded. ‘That sounds fine. In theory. But all you’re going to do is identify this Rendezvous House, right?’
‘Exactly. My orders are quite explicit. I’m to identify the house, and then do nothing to tip them off. A covert-ops team will take any further actions, if they’re deemed necessary. The important thing is not to tip off Seven that we’re on to how they operate.’
‘Nothing more. Really?’ I asked, giving her a doubtful look.
‘Really. My career depends on it. I’m not even allowed to install surveillance devices to monitor the house. Nothing. Find it and make my report. And then stay away from it or I’m in the Caf and Cha import business. ’
‘And that’s all?’ She seemed serious enough. But somehow – no doubt past experience – suggested that it wasn’t going to turn out that way.
‘Almost. Anything more would just involve the usual IA3 background research work into Rendezvous House and anything connected to it, just to see if anything points in any, shall we say, interesting directions.’
‘Such as?’
‘Ideally a short list of possible suspects for Seven...’ She held up her hand to prevent my objection. ‘That I would turn over to the Guard and their detectives and special ops teams to follow up on. Just more boxes to tick off.’
I suppressed a sigh, and a premonition. ‘Right. And those are all the boxes?’
‘As of now.’
‘As of now?’
‘In my business, it seems that one box leads to another, and another –but in a purely intelligence analyst sort of way, of course.’
‘Of course.’
 ‘Discreet investigations is the order of the day.’
I shook my head. ‘I can’t help remembering where your discreet investigations led you the last time.’
‘Oh, don’t be so negative. It almost sounds like you’re hoping to be rid of me as soon as possible.’
‘Just the opposite. I’m hoping to have you around for a long, long time. I just think poking around a pirate prince isn’t conducive to that goal.’
‘That’s sweet of you. But you needn’t worry. I have my orders and those boxes to tick.’
‘And you’re going to stick with that?’
‘Straight down course,’ she replied, cutting the air ahead of her with her hand. ‘As I’ve told you several times already, my career in the Patrol depends on it.’
‘Right. So what’s the plan?’
‘Today we have to ourselves. Tomorrow it’s up to Carlora to call on the Land Office to see what I can learn about Deer Forest Lodge and its owners. I might not be back until secondday. After that… we’ll see where the road leads.’



04
I walked in silence for a while, trying to decide what I felt about Vaun Di Ai. Well, I knew what I felt about her. It was what I felt about her being here. I had a pretty good idea how I felt about that as well, though I also knew I shouldn’t feel that way. It wasn’t safe for her to be here despite her assurances. But that was a ship that had launched. In the end, there wasn’t much that I could change, so I’d best make the best of it, even if the best of it was so good that it would hurt so badly when she was gone.
‘Vaun?’ I said, looking back to her, as she had dropped behind me to walk in the slowly lapping sea as well.
‘Rafe?’ she replied with her cheerful teasing smile.
‘Let’s be Vaun and Rafe while you’re here,’ I said as I stopped and turned around.
‘I would love that. We bonded under pressure. I came here thinking that it would be nice to get to know you under normal circumstances. Two or three weeks is still too short of time, but we have a good start, and years before us.’
‘I hope so. I hope you have a long and successful Patrol career. But to have that, you have to… well, follow orders this time.’
She pouted. ‘I already told you I planned to,’ she replied, and taking my hand, said, ‘Come along. Let’s be Rafe and Vaun. Tell me all about Pine Cove and the toaster repair business.’
We talked as we walked along the edge of the sea. After a while we rested in the sun against a driftwood log. And walked back – the beach growing ever more crowded as we neared Pine Cove. We had a late lunch in the Cellar, and then she talked me into a few games of the low gravity version of tennis. The sun was settling over the Chartierra hills in the west when we had a late dinner on the Grand’s Terrace. So we talked all day, about our lives since we last met. And, perhaps a little more guardedly, before we met. We were Vaun and Rafe for the day.
‘I usually go up the Cove Bakery and Diner for breakfast with the gang a bit before seven. Care to join me? It would be a good venue for getting your cover story out and about, since it is the nerve center of Pine Cove gossip.’
She gave me a sidelong look. ‘A bit before seven? In the morning?’
‘Oh don’t give me that look. You’re a Patrol officer. You should be up by 0600 hours. Besides you’ll need to catch the 8:05 to Carlora if you want to get an early start on your research.’
‘I was thinking more of the 10:10. And I think sleeping in is more in character. But once I get back, maybe I’ll take you up on your offer.’
‘A promise?’
‘I promise. To consider it. I do want my story out and about before I start questioning people.’
‘I should also mention that Mactavish knows you’re a Patrol agent, so every other sentient bot in the Co-op will know it as well. You might want to keep that in mind. And the fact that you’re a friend of mine. You never know when you might need a bot as a friend.’
‘Can they be trusted to keep my secret?’
‘I assure you, they’re very good at keeping secrets. They know them all.’
‘Then perhaps I should stop in at the shop tomorrow and say hello to Mactavish. I suspect that I may’ve insulted him by ignoring him when I was last in.’
‘That’s the way they like it. They act, and expect to be treated, like ordinary legal bots in front of strangers and summer people.’
‘Right. I hate to say this, but I’m getting tired, Rafe. Let’s call it a day. I’ll stop by the shop tomorrow before I leave, and if I end up staying overnight in Carlora. I’ll ping you.’
‘Just one last question,’ I began, and hesitated. 
‘What?’
‘I’ve been thinking...’
‘Really?’
‘It has slowly dawned on me that you did not have enough time to return to the Patrol base on VanTre and then returned here, much less do all the research you’ve done in these last eight weeks. VanTre is the better part of a 4 week voyage away. So unless you traveled by a fast Patrol courier ship, both ways, you never returned to VanTre. So…?’
‘That’s a statement, not a question, d’Mere.’
‘Where have you been these last eight weeks?’
She gave me a rare serious look. ‘I was in Fairwaine Prime, acting, as I said, as the Patrol liaison with the Guards on this case as Layreen Chi, my special ops cover name. Does that make any difference?’
I lied a little, ‘Only in the sense that your argument that the Seven Syndicate doesn’t know who you are is rather thin. I know for a fact that they have contacts within the local Patrol Station, and likely the Guard as well. Your false name is a pretty thin shield.’
‘The Seven Syndicate is shut down. Even if there are compromised Patrol and Guard personnel, they have no safe way of reporting their findings. But I don’t think that’s the real thrust of your question. To answer the real question, I can only say that I’m a member of the Patrol. I’m on duty six days a week, and even if I had the spare day off, which I didn’t, the travel time between Fairwaine Prime and Pine Cove for a day trip would’ve left me little time to enjoy my visit on one hand, and on the other, it might’ve raised questions within the Patrol or Guard that would’ve endangered your anonymity. However unsatisfactory our parting was, I felt it was better than a dozen more goodbyes. Does that change anything?’
‘No. Of course not. You’re right, it would’ve made things between us a whole lot messier in the end. I’m just happy that you felt comfortable seeing me again, when you had the chance to do so.  But enough of this. Good night, Vaun. Sleep well.’
‘You too, Rafe. Goodnight.’

If I had known she was still in Fairwaine Prime, would I have gone to visit her? The honest answer is that I probably would’ve. And I probably would’ve known it was a dumb thing to do. Di Ai didn’t do the dumb thing. This time. Oh well, she was here now. And I had a wonderful day. A day as rare as a star in the nebula’s sky?  I missed it already as I lay in my bunk. I’d miss it even more in a couple of weeks. A couple of months. And dare I say, a couple of years. And yet she was as rare as a star in the sky and I had her company, and friendship for one more day than I had dared to expect. I’ll not complain.



Chapter 03 Arrivals  – Cara Cere



 01
‘Stop!’ Cely snapped.
I stomped on the brake pedal, and the Fix-it-all van lurched to a rattling stop. 
Cely flung open his door, and darting out into the dark, rainy afternoon, disappeared from my sight. He reappeared in my rear view screen as he bounded through the warm summer rain back towards the glowing porte cochere of Pine Cove’s little rail station which we had just drifted past on our way out of the parking lot that served both the rail station and the postal office.
On the screen, I could see the slim figure of a woman outlined by the golden light under the station’s porte cochere with two modest sized valises at her feet. Since it was firstday, and the week’s holiday hordes had already arrived or departed for home, she was probably the only stranger to have arrived on the 16:47 train from Carlora. Whether she was looking about for a waiting taxi – and on a firstday afternoon, good luck with that – or waiting for a friend to pick her up, was an open question. But clearly Celmen Tydmare wasn’t taking the chance that it was the former.
I watched as he pulled up before her, doffed his hat, introduced himself, and no doubt offered his assistance for whatever she might be in need of. She looked to him, and gave him a polite smile, and said something that was apparently not “lift off, buddy,” since Cely carried on talking.
I had just stopped at the adjacent postal office to pick up some parts that Mactavish had actually ordered from a Carlora supplier. Finding Cely gossiping with the postmaster, I’d offered to give him a lift back to his cottage, which was a couple of kilometers down the Shore Road from Pine Cove. It would’ve been a soggy walk back home for him through the warm summer rain, even with the umbrella thing he sported on the days that threatened to rain.  
I saw him wave his arm back in my direction. Apparently he was volunteering me to give her a lift, so I put the van in reverse, and backed it under the porte cochere to stop before them. I pulled down the door window and awaited my orders.
‘You wouldn’t mind giving…’ he turned to the woman.
‘Cara Cere,’ she said with a faintly amused smile.
‘Lady Cere a lift, would you Rafe?’
‘My pleasure,’ I replied. ‘Where to?’
‘The very question we were just discussing. Lady Cere has arrived without making prior arrangements.’
She gave a little apologetic smile. My impression was that she was finding this all rather amusing, if, perhaps, a little bit embarrassing.
‘I’ve assured her that the Grand will have a suite available for her. However, I also suggested that she might consider one of Alla’s dormer rooms as well,’ he said, adding as he turned back to her, ‘Rafe, here, runs the local appliance repair shop...’
‘So I see.’ 
‘Yes. Of course. Blast and dance, what I meant to say is that he happens to room at Alla’s. The Manse on Harbor Street, to give its full name. One of the finest, if not the finest holiday boarding house in Pine Cove. Alla’s dinners are unmatched. And if you don’t know anyone here, I’m certain that Rafe would be happy to answer any questions you might have, should you stay at the Manse.’
‘Thank you for your concern. However, I believe that I can get by. I don’t want to put anyone out. I don’t want to take your seat. What are you going to do?’
‘I have an umbrella in the van,’ he replied, ‘You needn’t worry about me.’
‘If you could call up a taxi, that would be all I need. ’
‘No need for that,’ I assured her. ‘Both the Grand and Alla’s are just a couple of blocks away. It’s no trouble to take you around to wherever you’d care to stay. Cely can put your bags in the back. Hop aboard,’ I added, leaning across to open the passenger door.
She hesitated for a moment, and then laughed, no doubt realizing that protesting further would only make the situation sillier. Cely took that as a yes, and swept his arm out to usher her around the van.
‘You don’t mind, do you?’ she asked as came to stand beside the open door. ‘This seems rather an imposition.’
‘Not at all. Get used to it. You’re in Pine Cove in season. We’re not formal around here. We’re here to make your stay as delightful as we can. Hop in.’
She did, as Cely returned to load her valises in the back of the van. 
Coming around to her side of the van, he said, ‘Tomorrow will be a bright day, and the rain will be gone. If you have nothing planned, I would love to show you around Pine Cove.’
‘I have nothing planned...’ There was, however, an unsaid ‘but’ hanging in the air.
Cely opened his mouth to speak, and then checked himself. ‘I’m sorry,’ he said. ‘I realize that I’m coming across as some sort of...’ he left what sort hanging.
So I suggested, ‘A too friendly puppy?’
‘Thank you, Rafe. A friendly puppy. What I mean to say, is that I hope your stay in Pine Cove is pleasant, and if I could, in any way, help you enjoy it more, it’d be my pleasure. Rafe can put you in touch with me. I hope to see you around, lady Cere,’ he added, doffing his hat again.
‘Thank you, Mr. Tydmare...’
‘Cely’
‘Cely, for your generous help. I appreciate it.’
‘My pleasure,’ he replied. He may’ve been blushing. Them pretty girls, I thought to myself. I gave him a knowing grin when I handed him his umbrella.
She shut the thin van door, and with a wave to Cely, I started off again, into the rain and afternoon darkness.
Pine Cove High Street was a’blaze in colored lights in its own modest way. It wasn’t spaceers’ row, but it was bright, friendly, and crowded with summer people under umbrellas shopping or seeking indoor fun.
‘You mustn’t mind Cely,’ I said, as I turned up the street. ‘I dare say that forty years of looking after passengers as a chief purser in the Alantzian Star Line passenger liners has left its mark. He seems to have adopted the same role for Pine Cove. I arrived here myself, without a scrip note to my name – an unfortunate misunderstanding – a little over two months ago. He bought me a much needed breakfast and loaned me enough scrip notes to get my lodgings at the Manse, on my honest face alone. He’s quite harmless, and could be very helpful, if you don’t know anyone here.’ I owed Cely that much, and more. ‘And if there’s anything I can do as well, just ask.’
‘Oh, I’m sure he is quite nice. I’m flattered. I don’t usually attract such devoted attention from strangers.’
 ‘No one’s a stranger here, in season. Almost anyone you’ll meet will either live here, or, as I’ve found in just one season here, they’ve spent a week or two holidaying here for most of their lives. Everyone seems to know everyone else, and they’ll soon know you as well.’ And as I turned down Harbor Street, I added, ‘Where should I take you? The Manse or the Grand?’
‘Oh, I don’t know. What would you suggest?’
‘It depends on what you’re here for, and how long you intend to stay. The Grand Hotel has a hundred rooms, mostly filled with young people. A jumping place. I don’t know what rooms they might have available. It might be a grand suite, or a room not much larger than a closet. You might even get your choice. The suite might be a tad expensive. The restaurant is said to be fine. I prefer the food at the Cellar, which is located below its sea facing terrace.
‘The Manse on Harbor Street, on the other hand, is a ten room boarding house. The regular rooms are all booked, but Alla has four rooms in the attic, with a shared bath. I have one, the rest are unoccupied at present. The rooms are compact. I’m a spaceship engineer by trade, so the rooms are still spacious to me, but you may find them rather cozy. Breakfast and dinner are optional. I eat breakfast with Cely and some of the local merchants and such, but I do sign up for three or four of her dinners each week. All are excellent. But there’s enough variety in town – when the tourists are here – that I like to eat out several times a week, and try a meal or two of my own, as well. Alla’s rate is 15 scrip points a week, and one for breakfast, and two for dinner. There’s usually 15 to 20 residents around the table at dinner, and this week’s boarders seem to be a good lot.’
I had pulled up in front of the Manse by this time, and came to a stop alongside the curb. ‘Here’s the Manse, the Grand is just down the street, overlooking the harbor and cove. Your choice.’
‘I’m here on business, of sorts. I expect I’ll be here for several weeks. Would you say that I’d get a better feel for Pine Cove here, or at the Grand?’
‘In this season, it’s all one. Stick around for another three or four weeks, and it will be very different. In that case you’d want to be at the Manse. The Grand is a ghost town in the off season.’
‘Well, then, let’s make it the Manse.’
‘A good choice. I don’t have one of those umbrellas, I’ll run in and get one.’
‘Oh, I’m spry enough to reach the porch without getting too wet,’ she replied, opening the door. 
‘Right. I’ll get your gear,’ I replied, getting out as well.
I collected her valises and rejoined her as she waited under the porch roof. ‘Push right in.’
The entry hall smelled of rolls baking for dinner. ‘Tonight’s entree is grilled cultured chops, with mashed potatoes, your choice of fresh vegetables, a green salad, fresh baked rolls, and a sweet dessert,’ I said, from memory and the enticing aroma. Laughter came from the lounge to our right, filled this afternoon, since many of the guests found themselves rain-bound. ‘I’ll fetch Mrs Bonts.’
I pushed deeper into the hall and through the back door to the warm kitchen where Ceri, the house sentient machine was peeling potatoes, while Alla was preparing the salad.
‘I’ve a new boarder for you in tow, Mrs Alla, who is willing to take one of the overflow rooms.’
She turned to give me a hard look. We got along fine, but I suspect that she had her doubts about the type of boarder I’d have in tow.
‘Cely sent her here. A nice lady, not a tourist. Here on business.’
She whipped her hands on her apron. ‘We’ll see,’ she said as she followed me out.
‘Mrs Alla Bonts, the proprietor of the Manse,’ I said by way of introduction. ‘Cara Cere. She just arrived on the 16:47 and expects to be here for several weeks on business.’
Alla quickly sized Cara Cere up, and appeared to be impressed, since she stepped forward with her customer smile and offered her hand. ‘Welcome to the Manse, milady.’
As well she should be, since in good light, Cara Cere was rather impressive, in a quiet way. Pretty, slim, and well dressed. She had an air of calm assurance, but without a trace of arrogance. Not young. Somewhere in the long century plus of middle age. There was a gleam of wisdom in her eyes, but no trace of weariness or cynicism that one sometimes sees towards the end of that age. 
‘I’m delighted to meet you, Mrs Bonts,’ she said, taking her hand. ‘I hate to put everyone out. I was unaware of the season or its consequences regarding lodging when I decided to visit Pine Cove.’
‘We’re kept jumping, in season. I trust Rafe told you about the only rooms I currently have available.’
Cara Cere nodded.
‘They’re up four flights of stairs, and are small.’ But ever the business woman, she added, ‘But I doubt you’ll find any better in Pine Cove before the end of the season.’
‘He assured me of that as well.’
‘Right then,’ and turning to me, she added, ‘I’m in the midst of preparing dinner. Perhaps you can show her up and around, Rafe, and if milady finds them suitable, you can help her get settled in.’
‘No problem. She can have my place at the table tonight,’ I added. 
‘Oh, we can make a place for you, milady if you care to dine here,’ replied Alla. Cara Cere must have made a very good impression, as I knew that Alla hated to adjust seating and serving numbers on short notice. And no mention of points up front.
‘Oh, it’s just Cara. And thank you. I’ve been assured that I’ll be in for a treat.’
That earned me a quick smile from Alla. ‘Up you go then. Dinner is at 18:00. I’m sure you’ll want some time to settle in from your travels.’
I went to grab the valises, but Cara stopped me. ‘I’ll take one. I’m not that decrepit.’
She wasn’t. So I let her take one. And led her up the grand staircase, and around to the less grand one, and then the even less grand one, and finally up the narrow stairs behind the door to the attic.
She chose the room across from mine, facing the street. I showed her the bath, and how to order meals for the week on the interactive notice panel in her room, and left her to freshen up. I then returned to the shop, to deliver the package I’d picked up to Mactavish, only to find Cely waiting for me. 
‘Well?’
‘The Manse.’
‘Excellent. Did you find anything about her?’
‘Nope.’
‘Did you try?’
‘Nope.’
He gave me an exasperated look, and muttered, ‘Blast and dash, mate.’
‘The boarders will have discovered everything about her, by tomorrow. I’ll get it from them.’
‘Look after her – but not too much, mate, if you get my drift.’
‘Right.’
‘See if you can bring her around to breakfast.’
‘Right.’
He sighed. ‘By the rings of Pharrella, I know I’m acting like an idiot. But well…’ He shrugged apologetically.
‘Don’t worry. I know the feeling,’ I said, padding him on his shoulder. ‘I’ll look after her, but not too much. I’ll see what I can do to pilot her in your direction, assuming, of course, that there’s not some partner in the offing.’
‘There can’t be...’ he muttered dismally, even as he realized the likelihood of that prospect. ‘Blast and dash.’
‘Oh, I’m certain there’s no one. I was just teasing you,’ I lied. ‘Come on, I’ll give you a lift home.’

Di Ai pinged me on my way back from Cely’s cottage. I pulled over under a large pine tree to talk.
‘I’ll be staying the night here,’ she said. ‘I have some things I need to do tomorrow morning, but I should be back on the afternoon rail train.’
‘Find anything interesting?’ I asked.
‘I found the names of the owners, my primary objective. I also learned that since non-co-op members cannot own property in the Co-op, how leasing properties to non-members works. But no obvious links to Seven Syndicate operations. So, all in all, a routine day, I’d say.’
‘May they all be routine,’ I muttered.
‘How was your day?’
‘Routine as well, though I do have a new roomer in the dormer room across from mine. She arrived without having booked a room. On business. I got the feeling she’s not from Fairwaine, but I can’t say for certain.’
‘Pretty?’
‘Oh, yes.’
‘Hmmm...’
‘You might want to catch an earlier train, Di Ai.’
‘Oh, I think I’ll just have to take my chances d’Mere.’
‘In this case they’re pretty good, since it seems that my friend, Cely, has already been smitten with her.’
‘Been smitten? Two months in Pine Cove and it’s “been smitten?”’ she laughed.
‘I’m afraid so.’
‘See you tomorrow, d’Mere.’
‘Right. Goodnight Vaun.’

Cara Cere sat next to me at dinner. She easily joined in the table conversation, deftly deflecting questions beyond that she was here on personal business. That she hailed from the planet of Liandra, a large Unity planet two planets down the Atlanzia’s ring of planets from Vilwaine. And that she worked on the creative side of Alantzia Entertainment Unlimited, one of the largest providers of books, vids, games, and simulations in the system.
After dinner, she retired to her room, claiming, no doubt honestly, that she was worn out from travel, having arrived on Fairwaine, not twenty hours ago.
Having had dinner at the Manse, I’d no excuse to visit the Cellar, and given the rain, I decided to make it an early evening myself. After sitting around missing Di Ai for a while, I decided that there was no pleasure in that and picked up a paper space adventure book that I had found in the lounge’s left-behind-book library and read it until I got sleepy. I was sticking to strictly reading space adventure stories, these days.



Chapter 04 Secondday Doings



01
Cara – we were all on a given name basis now that she was one of the boarders –  was in the lounge downstairs talking to another early riser when I came down the following morning. I invited her to join me for breakfast at the Pine Cove Bakery and Diner, and to my mild surprise, she said she’d be delighted.
The rain had cleared the air, so the new, bright day smelled clean and fresh laced with the tang of the seashore. The sidewalk and Harbor Street glistened with speckles of sunlight, while the trees arching overhead ambushed us with big wet drops as we walked up the hill to High Street.
‘Oh, what a delightful morning,’ she proclaimed, looking around at the big boarding houses, each in some sort of traditional style, their hedged lawns and flowering bushes and flower beds looking pristine in the new day.
‘Welcome to Pine Cove,’ I replied, with a smile. ‘Now you see why a restless young – ish – spaceer decided to spend half a year in Pine Cove, or why a 40 year veteran purser, has been here 20 years. And why the summer people return every year. Stay here too long, and you’ll find it very hard to leave as well.’
‘I’ll keep that in mind. Though I’m not planning on staying longer than it takes to wrap up my business here.’
I didn’t ask what it was. I was confident that the many inhabitants of Pine Cove would wiggle that out of her within a day or two.

Cely was both surprised and delighted when he saw us walk in. I could see that he was trying very hard not to bound up and flutter around us. Clearly Cara Cere had captured his heart in a glance. Those things happen. No doubt, I looked just as foolish when around Di Ai.
She greeted Cely with a friendly smile, and gave everyone a polite smile as he introduced her to the gang. At breakfast, as around the dinner table the evening before, she was cool and collected, without coming off as standoffish. She effortlessly deflected questions about herself and her business here, beyond stating, vaguely, that she worked in the entertainment business, with charm, smiles and evasive none-answers. 
Funny. I’d fallen for someone just like her. 
‘The usual, Rafe?’ asked Vera, our waitress, having worked around to me.
‘Ah, make it just two eggs, two slices of toast, and a cup of caf today, Vera.’
She gave me a questioning look.
‘I’ve put on some extra tonnage since I arrived. I think I need to cut back a bit.’
She gave me another questioning look, and turned to Cely. ‘The usual?’
‘Er… I’ll have what Rafe ordered as well,’ he said, sheepishly.
She stared at him for a moment in silence, and then reached out to put the back of her hand on his forehead. She shook her head. ‘No fever.’
‘Very humorous, Vera. A couple of eggs, two slices of toast and a cup of caf today,’ Cely said, giving her a laser-sharp look.
She shrugged, entered his order, and then glanced to Cara with an – almost suppressed – knowing smile and asked what she would like.
Cara smiled, no doubt having surmised the essence of that brief exchange and ordered a modest breakfast that included a sugar glazed sweet roll –  which Cely and I both eyed wishfully when it arrived.

Even with her evasiveness, Cara quickly won the acceptance of the gang since she asked many questions about what they did and Pine Cove in general, and seemed to be genuinely interested in their answers. Indeed, she seemed to be genuinely curious about life in Pine Cove, which endeared her to the gang.
I think they may have also appreciated the air of mystery about her. It represented a challenge for them. Though, as I’ve already said, no one stays a mystery for too long in Pine Cove. 
 Moreover, to my surprise, she accepted Cely’s offer to show her around Pine Cove. So off they went. Watching them leave, the gang shared knowing smirks, but said nothing. Still, all of Pine Cove would know that Cely was smitten with a mysterious woman by dinner time this evening.

Shortly before noon, Cara and Cely turned up at the Fix-it-all Shop, and invited me to join them for lunch. At Cely’s suggestion we decided on the Old Cha Cottage, down the hill on High Street, just beyond the bridge and little creek that flowed through Pine Cove.  We had a light lunch of sandwiches, cakes, and cha in the Old Cha Cottage’s, tree-shaded outdoor garden alongside the creek that tumbled through a series of little ponds.
‘Thanks for coming along, Rafe. I don’t want her to get bored of my company too soon,’ he said, when we had a brief chance to be alone.
‘My pleasure.’
‘Ah, you’re not, by any chance, interested in her, yourself?’
‘She’s a delightful woman, Cely. But you saw her first. Go for it with my blessing.’
He gave me a wan smile. ‘Thanks. By the jewels of Janipar, I’m an old fool, but it seems that I can’t help myself. To think, at my age...’
‘You’re not old.’
‘By the moons of Mara, I tell myself that. But blast and dance, I don’t believe it. And yet here I am...’



02
I was waiting on the platform when the 16:47 pulled into Pine Cove on time and Di Ai alighted, courier bag over her shoulder, along with a handful of other passengers. 
She greeted me cheerfully, as always, and fell in step beside me as if that was where she belonged.
‘A successful mission?’ I asked as we stepped out into the bright afternoon and on to a bustling High Street.
‘I’d say so. I dug up the names of the owners of both Deer Forest Lodge, and the parcel of land with the secret armory. Interestingly enough, one of the owners of the Deer Forest Lodge also owns the armory property. Plus, both of the owners involved are local. They have Crystal Brook addresses, which I believe is just up the road from Pine Cove.’
‘Aye, the next hamlet north. And I’d say that’s more than interesting.’
‘One shouldn’t jump to conclusions, however tempting. The fact of the matter is that non-Co-op members, which is to say, non-citizens of the Agrilea Co-op cannot purchase property in the Co-op. If some non-member wants, say, a large lodge in the Chartierra Hills, they must lease it from a co-op member. 
‘As I understand it, from talking to the clerks, the way this works is that the non-member finds someone – or more commonly, some co-op leasing firm – to front for them. They loan the co-op member the credits needed to purchase the property that they are interested in, with an agreement to rent it to them for a set period of time, usually a hundred years at a set rent. The local person or firm then buys the property, and pays back the loan by not collecting the agreed on rent until the balance that they owe the renter is paid off. There are other terms in the agreement – for things like terminating the lease, or what the rent would be after the set period, but you get the idea. 
‘In this case, from what I could gather, we have a small partnership, Valhan Properties, that consists of two Crystal Brook co-op members. On paper, they owned Deer Forest Lodge and they leased it to the owners of the Kartarn & Agrilea Transport Company for the customary hundred years. This transaction was finalized some 34 years ago. And it seems that Valhan Properties owns several more cottages and such on a similar basis. Nothing big, nothing suspicious. All very routine.
‘But then we have one of the partners of Valhan Properties, one Targen Valsummer purchasing the plot of land with the armory 15 years ago. One can easily jump to the conclusion that the common factor – the Seven Syndicate – links the two properties and the two owners together. But one doesn’t jump to conclusions in my business. The fact is that when I went through Patrol records, I didn’t find any confiscated arms that can be linked to the Bright Dark Solutions armory prior to the Carteema affair. Not conclusive, but suggests that the land was not acquired for the armory. But,’ she shrugged, ‘the records tell me only so much. I’m going to have to try to interview these two gentlemen at some point.’
We reached the corner and turned down the tree-shaded Harbor Street. 
‘I’m free the rest of the day. What do you want to do after you freshen up? I asked. ‘We need to decide where we want to dine.’ 
She gave me a taunting look.
‘You do eat, don’t you?’ I replied. ‘I’m just saying that we have choices and can discuss them...’
‘Right,’ she laughed. ‘But before we go out and about, we should settle on our cover stories. I do want to spend the next several days getting word out as to who I am, and why I’m here and asking questions about Bright Dark Solution's lost armory. A mysterious lady going around questioning people about the armory incident might set off alarm bells in certain quarters. I need to establish an innocent reason for my curiosity. I believe you offered me a chance to do that, if I cared to get up at an alarmingly early hour.’
‘Hardly alarming Di Ai. If you care to meet me between 6:30 and 6:45 at The Manse gate, I’ll treat you to breakfast at the Cove Bakery with the gang.’
‘The gang being?’
‘Mostly local business owners, both active and retired. It varies from day to day. It is, however, one of the clearinghouses for local gossip, so that you can be assured that your cover story will be known by all the locals within a day.’
‘Excellent.’
‘We’ll need a cover story for us as well.’
‘Us?’ she gave me a taunting look.
‘I don’t bring strangers to breakfast, Di Ai. And besides, I’m planning to stick as close to you as I can while you’re here. At least as much as my work allows.’
‘I don’t need protection.’
‘That’s only one of my reasons, as I’m sure you know.’
She smiled. ‘Yes I do. Right. So here’s our story. We met on sixthday. I was instantly attracted to the bot repair man I discovered at the Grand, and breathlessly introduced myself on some silly excuse or another. We’ve both forgotten it already...’
‘It should be something believable,’ I said, glancing at her.
‘Oh, I’ll make it sound believable. It’ll make me look all that more harmless. Anyway, where was I?’
‘Haven’t a clue.’
‘Oh, yes. When I told you my story of why I was here, you offered to drive me around in your spare time. I, of course, accepted your offer, seeing that I would almost certain get myself hopelessly lost driving myself around. But I insisted that I hire you since I had an expense account. We had a little tiff about that, but you reluctantly came around to accepting that.’
‘Did we set a rate? Just out of curiosity.’
‘Say, a point an hour?’
‘Great! I’m going to get rich on this gig. If the scrip points are for real.’
‘Well, I could swing that, but you’d have to appear in my Patrol expense report.’
‘I think I’ll volunteer instead.’
‘I thought so. Anyway, that’s our story. You’re being very nice and showing me around whenever you have time. And I’m sure everyone will be able to read into why without anything else being said,’ with a smile, adding ‘And the beauty of the story is that we don’t have to pretend.’
‘Oh, Di Ai,’ I sighed, ‘You’re cruel to make my heart jump like that.’
‘Who is that woman waving to you?’ she asked, glancing towards a couple ahead of us walking up from the harbor.
‘Ah, that would be Cara and my friend Cely,’ I replied, returning her wave.
‘Cara Cere?’ she asked, favoring me with a sidelong glance.
‘She arrived yesterday from Liandra on some sort of business. I mentioned her to you, I believe. She’s the one who took a room across the hall from me at the Manse. I gather that she is also in the entertainment business in some way. All very mysterious,’ I replied, adding, ‘It seems that when it rains mysterious women, it pours. Game on, Di Ai.’
She smiled with relish, and moved a little closer to me. Which I didn’t mind.
‘Hello Cara, Cely. I trust Cely has shown you all the little marvels and wonders of Pine Cove,’ I said, as we met. 
‘Every one of them,’ Cara said with a smile directed towards her companion, who smiled wanly and shrugged. 
And with that, their attention turned to my companion.
‘Allow me to introduce a new friend of mine, Vaun Di Ai. These are my friends, Cara Cere, who, like you, has only just arrived here, and my good friend Celmen Tydmare, Cely, who took me under his wing and introduced me around when I arrived without a scrip point to my name several months ago. He’s been a great friend since. A true shipmate.’
Di Ai smiled, stepped forward, took their offered hands, and greeted each with her best smile. ‘d’Mere here has taken your example to heart, Celmen...’
‘Make that Cely. People will look at you funny if you call me Celmen.’
‘Right. Cely it is. I do want to blend in. As I was saying, I arrived here on fifthday from VanTre via Fairwaine Prime on business. Sixthday morning found me sitting on a bench on the Grand Hotel’s lawn wondering how I was to go about my business here, when d’Mere,’  she turned and flashed me a smile, ‘Rafe, walked by, returning to his van after fixing a stove in the kitchen. I thought to myself, “Here may be your answer, Vaunie.”  This handsome fellow no doubt knows his way around Pine Cove and the surrounding area…’
‘Vaunie? Handsome fellow?’ I said, glancing to her.
She laughed, ‘What can I say? Just don’t let it go to your head.’ Turning back to Cara and Cely, she continued, earnestly, ‘Back in Deravay, on VanTre, I went everywhere by taxi. I’d just tell the driver where to take me without worry about how to get there. Here, it seems, I’d need to find my own way about by reading maps and driving my own buggy. Alas, not my thing. I decided that I needed a guide.’ She flashed me another smile. ‘So I boldly struck up a conversation with Rafe here, and we rather hit it off, haven’t we?’
‘Yes, Vaun. We have,’ I sighed. I don’t know if she expected them to believe this or not. She wasn’t trying too hard, so I added, ‘We struck up a conversation, and well, I had nothing better on my sixthday agenda then the prospect of spending it with a pretty girl. Apparently by design, I ended up volunteering to drive her around in my free time, though on my side, just for the mere pleasure of her company.’
‘That’s sweet of you to say so, Rafe. But then, isn’t that what Pine Cove is all about? I may be here to work, but I intend to have as much fun doing it, as I can.’
‘What’s the business that brings you here, milady Di Ai, if I may ask?’ said Cely, with a smile. ‘As Rafe implied, I’m quite the busybody. I make it my business to know everyone and everything about Pine Cove, as poor Cara’s no doubt aching feet will attest to.’
Cara and Di Ai exchanged a smile.
‘I’m a research assistant for TriWorld Entertainment out of their Deraway studio. I’ve been sent here to gather as much background information for either a documentary or semi-fictional drama based on the Patrol narrowly averting a war on Carteema and subsequently tracing the smuggled weapons back to a seven thousand year old legend, the lost armory of the Bright Dark Solutions, in the hills just west of here. 
‘Since the investigation is still ongoing, we’re not getting a lot of the details out of either the Guard or Patrol at this point, so I decided to come here to gather what I can and record the locale for our set designers. TriWord distributes its products system-wide, and has long since learned that if you don’t get the look and feel of the world a show is set on just right, people will complain. So I’m here to shoot as many reference scenes and scenery as possible, as well as interview anyone who knows anything about the lost armory, which can be used for the documentary or to construct an exciting drama.
‘For instance, I spent yesterday and this morning in the land office in Carlora tracking down the local owners of that lodge which the Syndicate leased, and the parcel of land where the armory is located. I’m hoping to interview them about the Syndicate members with whom they dealt and how the deal worked. 
‘But perhaps, Cely, as an expert on Pine Cove life, you should be the first person I interview, so I don’t go about making more of a fool of myself than necessary. And since Rafe tells me that Cara is also in the entertainment business, we would seem to make a nice foursome for dinner sometime. Indeed, why not tonight, if you haven’t already made plans? Rafe and I were just discussing plans for dinner when we spied you. Would you care to join us?’
 What Di Ai was thinking when she suggested a totally unnecessary dinner with a real person in the entertainment industry, I couldn’t say. I could only suppress a sigh and put on a wan smile as Cely jumped at the chance.
‘What do you think, Cara? It’s been a long day, and my company and chatter can, I’m sure, be tiring, but if you’re up for a nice dinner, we might as well make a foursome out of it.’
Cara smiled serenely and said, ‘That would be lovely.’ 
Much to Cely’s relief.
‘Excellent,’ exclaimed Di Ai. ‘It’s too early for dinner just yet, so I have time to freshen up after my day’s work and travel. Wherever you want to dine is fine with me. Rafe assures me that the food is wonderful here in the Co-op. Pick a place and a time and I’ll be there.’
We picked a time, 18:30, and a place, The Sea Terrace, and parted. 
‘Are you crazy, Di Ai? Cara is actually in the entertainment business. You’re risking blowing your cover on your first day.’
‘Is she? Do we know for sure? But it doesn’t matter. I’ve done my research on my cover story. I make a thorough job of everything I research. I know my job description, the names of my bosses, and can drop the names of an impressive roster of TriWorld directors and stars. Besides, you said that Cara Cere is a rather mysterious woman. If she wishes to remain mysterious, she won’t say much or ask all that much either. Plus I’m supposed to be interviewing Cely, and I suspect that he doesn’t mind talking.’
‘A word of advice. Cely was a purser for forty years aboard passenger liners. A good part of his job was dealing with live passengers. He can read people, so don’t take him at his word as being a small town busybody. He’s more likely to see through your cover story than Cara.’
‘Thanks for the warning. But the beauty of my cover story is that the difference between being a research assistant assigned to dig up facts about the lost armory, and a Patrol intelligence analyst 3 assigned to the same task is so small as not to make a difference beyond whose payroll my name appears on. But I will be careful so that you can fully enjoy your meal.’
‘I would appreciate that.’ Though I doubted that I would.

I am happy to report that dinner on the terrace went remarkably well. Cara remained mysterious. She talked instead about how much fun she had with Cely touring Pine Cove, and how different it was from home. With Di Ai’s prompting,  Cely related the local gossip about the raid on the lost armory, but said nothing about the fact that he knew that I knew more about it than he did, though he gave me a questioning glance once or twice. She also quizzed him about Pine Cove life, and any social taboos to avoid, as well as teasing me with questions about my life in Pine Cove and my prior life as a ship’s engineer. 
We talked about our plans for the next day. I, of course, had toasters or some such things to repair.
‘I understand that it will be a long, evening and twilight day, so I think I’m going to spend tomorrow all on my own,’ said Cara. ‘I want to get a feel for Pine Cove. And what about you, Vaun?’
‘Oh, I think I’ll follow your plan as well. I want to get a feel for, and some possible backdrop images, of Pine Cove. Then, after Rafe gets done with work, maybe I’ll twist his arm and have him drive me up into the hills to get some shots of Deer Forest Lodge and the Armory.’
‘I understand that they are still closed off to the public,’ said Cely.
‘Well, it will be getting dark by then, so I can get some potential backdrop shots in the hills. We can always find a similar lodge to use in the possible drama, if necessary. And what about you, Cely?’
‘My morning is free, but I have a charter for the afternoon and evening. “Twilight in the Islands on the Sea” as I advertise it, so it will be a busy day for me.’
‘It looks like we all have a busy day tomorrow. But we’ll have to do this again soon. It’s been fun.’
‘Well, you girls can find Rafe and I at the Cove Bakery sometime after 6:30 every morning, save sixth day if you miss us.’ said Cely. ‘We’d love to have you join us for breakfast.’
‘Rafe has mentioned that, but it is rather early for me.’
Cara just smiled and said, ‘I’ll see as well.’
It was late, by the clock, but high noon in the sky when we called it a day. We saw Di Ai back to the Grand, and then Cely walked Cara and I on to the Manse to say goodnight. 
Cara and I said little as we walked up to our quarters. We played one round of rock, scissors, and paper to see who got the bathroom first. She did. And called it a day.



Chapter 05 The Inquiry 



01
‘Good afternoon, Fix-it-all Shop,’ I said, answering a ping from the com-terminal, the following day. ‘What can I do for you?’
‘Good afternoon. I’m calling concerning a posting you placed in the Pine Cove Herald, announcing the arrival of an item to be picked up at your shop. I believe that I’ve been waiting on just such a shipment for years. Has the item in question been long delayed?’
I glanced to Mactavish, standing beside me. He gave me a little nod.
‘Yes, it seems to have been lost in transit. You’re saying that you may be the consignee?’
‘If we’re talking about an antique bot, yes, I’m the ultimate buyer.’
‘We are...’
‘Excellent. How do I go about claiming the bot?’
‘You’ll need to provide your verification code, and pay our ten scrip point handling fee and it is yours.’
‘Ah… It has been such a long time that I don’t know if I can produce the verification code.’
‘Humm... Completely understandable, but...’ I glanced to Mactavish, who shook his head. ‘I’m afraid we’ll need that code in order to turn the shipment over to you. As I am sure you realize, bots are extremely expensive machines, and we need to take every precaution to ensure that we turn it over to its rightful owner.’
‘Yes, of course. If I can’t provide the verification code, what are we to do? You realize that I’ve been waiting for more than a decade for this bot.’
‘Let me put you on hold on for a moment, and I’ll see what I can find out.’
I muted the connection and turned to Mactavish. ‘What’s the procedure in the case of a lost verification code?’
‘Had I been present when the arrangement was made, I would be able to verify the consignee on biometrics. However, in this case, I was not present, so we will need either the verification code or the complete and verifiable record of the transaction and shipment arrangements between the seller and buyer. As you pointed out, sir, it is a very valuable machine.’
‘So Captain Mor made the arrangement?’
‘I am unaware of the exact details of this transaction, sir.’
‘Really, Mac? I find that hard to believe.’
‘You might assume, sir, that in this case, my ignorance of this matter was intentional. Humans do not always feel comfortable confiding in us.’
I gave him a hard look, which, being a bot, did not seem to make him the least uncomfortable. But then, being a bot, you'd never know from the features of his immobile face.  
‘Right….’ I un-muted the com terminal and relayed Mactavish’s comments to the caller.
‘You understand that the whole process was designed to be discreet, don’t you? Having to submit all those records, if they ever existed, is asking a lot.’
‘I understand that. However, as I said, we can’t just hand such a valuable machine over to anyone claiming to be the consignee. Part of the problem is that this transaction was handled by a person who is not presently available to consult with.’
‘So you’re not the shop owner?’
‘No. The owner, Muratan Mor, who I’m assuming handled this transaction for you, is on an extended holiday. She will be out of the shop for another five months. I hope you understand that I’m not in a position to bend the rules in this matter. I’m sorry.’
‘Yes, yes… But you see, one of the persons involved in this delivery has since died, and I have no documents on my side of the transaction. This was, of necessity, a handshake deal. I don’t know how to proceed.’
‘Ah… That is a problem. I don’t know how Co-op laws work in a situation like this. I would assume that you’ll need to contact that person’s heirs…  Hopefully they have some sort of record of this transaction. Otherwise, I fear that you must be a little more patient and take this matter up when Muratan Mor returns. I can have her contact you as soon as she returns. ’
There was a long silence at the other end of the link. And then, ‘Right. I will be in touch. Thank you.’  And the connection was broken.
I turned to Mactavish. ‘What’s with all this evasion, Mac? I don’t believe for a moment that you don’t know what’s going on here.’
‘I am not omnipresent, sir. And as I said, there are matters that humans keep to themselves.’
‘And it appears that there are matters that machines keep from humans. I find it hard to believe that you can’t tell me what this is all about. And since I have to deal with this matter, it’s not just idle curiosity.’
Mactavish gave a little shrug, but made no reply.
So I tried another track. ‘Were you aware that a party to this transaction had died?’
Another shrug. Another evasion.
‘I’ll take that as a yes. No wonder you had not expected a response to our posting.’
‘I will admit that this response was unexpected.’
‘And?’ 
‘I am somewhat doubtful as to the authenticity of this claim.’
‘Oh? Why?’
‘I can’t say exactly why, sir.’
‘Can’t or won’t, Mac?’
A blank look. But as I noted, bots can look very blank, as their faces are unchanging, save for the intensity of the light in their “eyes.”
‘Never mind. Keep your secrets, Mac. Lieutenant Di Ai is on the case. I’m sure she’ll get to the bottom of this mystery without your help, especially when I tell her about this contact.’
‘I’m not sure that would be wise, sir.’
I wasn’t either. Still, shaking my head, ‘Don’t have a choice. She’s already told me that the bot is the last link of a more or less dormant smuggling ring, so I’m not entirely clueless, Mac. So, if I keep this from her, I’d find it hard to maintain my innocence. And innocent I am. So my curiosity is not just idle curiosity. Now, do you have anything else to add?’
There was that fraction of a second while Mactavish computed this course.
‘I find, sir, that I cannot offer you further advice, save that Lieutenant Di Ai is rather unpredictable.  You might consider keeping this contact from her at the present, sir.’
‘I’ll think about it,’ I replied. I could be evasive as well.



02
Di Ai wandered into the shop two hours later. 
‘Hey, Rafe, Mactavish.’
Mactavish greeted her with a ‘Good afternoon, milady.’
I was, ‘Hey, Vaun. How was your day?’
‘Very nice. I thoroughly explored Pine Cove and then walked out to Pine Point where I ran into Cara who was also out exploring. We had a pleasant lunch together at the Point Inn and then walked back to Pine Cove. How’s the toaster repair business?’
‘Spent the day fixing a freezer at the flatbread shop, a clothes dryer at the Grand, and pea picker on a farm. Harvest time is coming up.’
‘Sounds thrilling. When will you be free?’
‘I can cut out anytime.’
‘Good. I’m thinking we have time to drive up into the hills to look in at Deer Forest Lodge and the armory before it gets too dark.’
‘If you want. I’m at your service. You’ve got the watch Mac.’
We stepped out into the warm, golden twilit afternoon of the long day drawing to an end, and walked around to the back of the shop where I parked my buggy.  Beyond the tall, backyard fence and the rail cutting, the western sky was aglow with the last light of the sun that had already sunk behind the Chartierra hills. Overhead, the clouds were etched in gold, the sky a pale milky green blue.
‘Do we really need to drive up to the hills?’ I asked, as we climbed in.
‘Why not? We can dine at the Plowman Tavern. That’s one of the landmarks all three couriers remembered. I just want to check it out, a box to be ticked. Besides, I want to avoid lying to our new friends as much possible. As it stands now, the only lie I should have to tell is who is employing me.’
‘Fair enough. I take it that you did not find your Rendezvous House.’  
She shook her head and smiled. ‘No. But I’m in no hurry. I had a nice, leisurely day. Sorry I didn’t get up in time to join you for breakfast. Cara said it was, ah, entertaining. I really wanted to, but I thought it would be out of character.’
I laughed. ‘I can see why you'd want to avoid lying, you’re not an accomplished liar.’ But then, she wasn’t really trying in this case. ‘Well then, what did you learn about the mysterious Cara Cere?’
She shrugged. ‘We talked for several hours and I still can’t tell you more than what you already know. But it would have been rude of me to try too hard. And since I have my own secrets to keep, we were content to talk about our impressions of Pine Cove, Fairwaine’s long days, certain boys, and other such inconsequential subjects,’ she added with a laugh.
‘I’m glad that you’re making an effort to be friendly with Cara. She seems like a very nice person, if only for Cely’s sake. He’s a good friend, a good shipmate of mine. Does he have any prospects?’
‘Prospects?’
‘When you were talking about certain boys.’
‘Oh, I think he’ll have to discover that for himself.’
‘Just between you and me?’
She just shook her head and smiled as she settled into her seat. ‘Let’s go. Dinner is my treat, I know you’re hungry.’
I could not think of a snappy comeback, so said as I pulled out of the yard turned on to High Street, ‘I, however, have some interesting news for you.’ 
 I proceeded to tell her about my recent conversations as we passed through the center of Pine Cove, its two and three story shops, their storefronts brightly lit and lined with families and groups of summer people.
‘Male or female?’
‘I took it to be a man. Does it make a difference?’
She shook her head. ‘Nah, just ticking a box. Still, it’s interesting that someone died during the transaction...’ 
‘It might explain the long delay in delivery.’
She shook her head. ‘I wouldn’t jump to conclusions. We really don’t know who died, or for that matter, if anyone actually did. It could be the smuggler, or a middleman, or the original customer, which might explain why its non-delivery was never followed up on. Still, I don’t see how anyone’s death would have prevented the bot from being delivered to the Fix-it-all Shop eleven years ago. It was all cleared for delivery.’
‘True. Still, there’s something about the affair that Mactavish wished to keep secret. He advised me not to tell you about the contact. My impression was that he’s afraid that you’ll create some sort of mischief, though I can’t see how, or how it would matter.’
‘Mischief? Me?’
‘I think he’s somewhat of a pessimist. In any event, as you see, I ignored his advice. I just hope I won’t regret it.’
‘Oh, don’t be a pessimist as well. All I’ll do is file a report on the contact. I suspect the case officer on Fairwaine Station will be curious enough to keep me on the case – which is all to the good, right?’ she added with a smile.
‘Right,’ I smiled back, trying not to be a pessimist. 

The gates to Deer Forest Lodge were closed and posted with warning signs to not enter, under penalty of law. We noted several surveillance cameras as well. So we stopped only briefly before driving on. The little stream valley that led up to the armory now had a fence with a gate across it as well, set back from the road, again, with the same signs and cameras. Having ticked off those boxes, we drove down from the hills again, and had a solid dinner at the Plowman Tavern at the crossroads of two country lanes.
‘I expected you to bring out photos of the couriers to show the waiter and barman.’
She shook her head. ‘I just want to confirm their memories by seeing the place myself. And since I have to feed my driver, I was ticking two boxes.’
‘You seem to tick a lot of boxes.’
‘That’s my job, d’Mere. Ticking boxes.’

It was a full night when we pulled into the semi-circular driveway of the Grand.
‘The invitation for breakfast is always open’ I said, as I pulled to a stop.
‘Don’t hold your breath,’ she replied.
‘I won’t. So what are your plans for tomorrow? It’ll be dark all day.’
‘I’m going to rent a bike and explore down the Shore Road to Greenwood and then back along the Upper Shore Road.’
‘It’ll be a dark day.’
‘I plan to do my searches on the dark days, since all the courier memories of the house are in the dark. I think it will be easier to match the remembered landmarks to the actual ones when viewed in the dark. Things can look different in daylight.’
‘Be careful. And ping me when you need a ride back.’
‘I will, if necessary. But yesterday I explored Pine Cove and had lunch with Cara, which I don’t expect to do tomorrow. I should make it to Greenwood and then back by the time you’re done with work.’



03
Neither Cara nor Di Ai showed up for breakfast. This allowed Cely and me to add a sweet roll to our now rather modest “usual” breakfasts, which went a long way in tempering our disappointment. 
As we exited the diner, he said, ‘I’m planning to ask Cara to have dinner with me tonight. Can I count you and Vaun in?’
‘I can’t speak for Vaun, but I know she had lunch with Cara yesterday, so that I don’t know why she would decline. She plans to be out and about collecting samples of dark scenes today, so I won’t likely see her until after work.’
He nodded. ‘Ping me when you know. I’ve got a charter for this morning, but I’ll be back by mid afternoon.
‘By the jewels of Janipar, I’ve got a tricky orbit to plot. I don’t want to be too annoying, but on the other hand, I want to be with her… Twenty years, sixty summers and this is the first time… I thought I was immune to infatuation,’ he said, shaking his head. ‘Blast and dance.’
We parted at Harbor Street, as he had to head down to the harbor to prepare the Blue Belle for his charter. ‘Don’t run into any islands,’ I called out to him as he wandered away.
He just waved a hand without looking back. He had it bad.

Di Ai pinged me late in the afternoon. I told her of our tentative plans, to which she cheerfully agreed to. We made plans to meet in the Cellar at 18:00. Cely pinged me shortly afterwards that Cara was onboard with the plan as well, so the four of us had dinner in one of the small alcoves of the dim, fragrant, and casual restaurant of Cellar below Grand Hotel’s terrace. It went well. 
Over caf and desert, Cara said, ‘I have a confession, of sorts, to make. I know that I have been rather evasive about why I’m here. I am sorry for that, but I wanted to get an impression of Fairwaine, the Co-op, and Pine Cove before committing myself to anything. Take in the atmosphere, as it were.
‘I’ve now gotten comfortable enough to tell you that my business here involves inheriting some property near Pine Cove from a great grandfather. A relative that I never knew I had. Or more correctly, I never expected to hear from.
‘I could’ve arranged to dispose of the property without ever coming here, but I decided to take the opportunity to get myself out of my rut – or orbit – as you might say, and take an off-planet trip to see what this hitherto unknown relative of mine had left me. Or perhaps, I should say, had left to his nearest surviving kin, since I doubt that he actually knew of my existence.
‘My father, his grandson, was briefly my mother’s partner. He was a spaceship captain, and never returned after an extended voyage into the drifts. My mother believes the ship was lost, which seems to have been the case, since it has been determined that I was the nearest next of kin of his grandfather. In any event, I never knew my father though he had officially acknowledged me as his daughter. I gather that the family was not very prolific, at least not so within the Unity. Or if they were, they never acknowledged it legally,’ she said, confidential wink.
‘So here I am, with a few scant documents, a key fob to what I believe is a cottage with a Shore Road address. I haven’t looked into it yet, so I don’t know what to expect.’
‘Who is your great grandfather? I might know of him,’ asked Cely, who would certainly know of him.
Cara hesitated, and then said, ‘I rather like mysteries, don’t you? I don’t know anything about him, and I want to discover who he was, piece by piece… I’ve been savoring this mystery ever since I learned of my inheritance. Anticipation is half the fun, don’t you think? So let’s all be surprised – though without great expectations. I believe the cottage has been empty for better than ten years, so I’m not expecting much.’
‘Of course, by the moons of Mara, of course,’ exclaimed Cely. ‘What do you say we gather for lunch tomorrow, and then set out to discover who Cara’s great, grandfather was – or at least where he lived. It will be like opening a mystery box.’
The motion was approved, and plans made.



Chapter 06 Valsummer House


01
I cut out of work early and walked home to change clothes. Di Ai was waiting for me on one of the gateway arbor seats when I came out. We then walked up to the Old Cha Cottage – it seemed that Cely had, for some reason, decided that Cara was an Old Cha Cottage type of person – for a light lunch around a table in the tree shaded cha garden. We didn’t linger. Having decided to open the mystery box, Cara was now eager to see what she had inherited. Though no more eagerly than the rest of us. We piled into Cely’s rarely used buggy. He had its fabric top rolled down, and we headed out of Pine Cove with the warm fading summer air rushing around us.
The Shore Road followed the coast of the cove east and north to a small collection of cottages on the bluff of Pine Point, before turning north still tracing the coast – the blue sea glimpsed beyond every cottage and through the trees. The road fell after Pine Point to run alongside a wide sandy beach. After Pine Point only the sea side of the road had cottages, with farm fields rolling down to the road from our left. After several minutes, the seaside cottages thinned and disappeared as well.
‘Those were the last of the Pine Cove cottages. The next ones will have a Crystal Brook address,’ called out Cely over the wind noise. ‘What’s the address we’re looking for?’
‘CB187 Shore Road,’ said Cara.
‘Got that, Rafe?’
‘Aye, sir. CB187,’ I replied from the back seat.
The road rose again, as it left the shoreline to cut across a wooded point and then crossed a deep wooded ravine.
‘Slow down, Cely. I think we just passed a driveway,’ I called out after crossing the bridge. ‘I didn’t get its number.’
‘There!’ I exclaimed, seeing the next gateway in the shade of a stand of trees. ‘CB183, it seems that we’ve gone too far. Yep, there’s CB181.  Hard about, Cely. And go slow.’
Cely swung the buggy around in the tall grass on the farmland shoulder of the road, and headed back.
‘There’s 185,’ said Di Ai, now on the shore side. ‘187 must be back beyond the bridge.’
We recrossed the narrow bridge and slowed. 
‘That looks kinda like a driveway just ahead,’ said Di Ai, pointing.
Saying kinda like a driveway was about all you could say for it. There were two faint lines in the tall grass alongside the road that led into woods, and that was it. Cely pulled into the tall grass and stopped. We climbed out of the buggy and looked about.
‘By the forests of Varva, I don’t see a more likely candidate,’ said Cely, looking up and down the road. ‘It looks to lead into and through the woods. I guess we’ll give it a try.’  And then turning to Cara, added, ‘Dash and dance, don’t be too discouraged. It has been unused for years. The grass grows fast on Fairwaine.’
She smiled. ‘Oh, I’m not discouraged. It makes it all the more mysterious. Let’s see where it leads.’
We climbed back aboard the buggy and Cely pushed slowly ahead through the tall grass of the overgrown driveway. He followed the faint tracks as they led into the woods for about 50 meters before reaching a massive, overgrown gateway set in a tall concrete, vine draped wall, that stretched into the shadows of the woods in both directions.
‘For a moment there, it was looking like you might have inherited a shack,’ I said, as we stared at the vine entangled rusting iron gate. ‘But I think we can dismiss that idea.’
She laughed, ‘I was beginning to think so myself. But if whatever it is, is in the same shape as the drive and gateway, a little shack might be preferable.’
‘Blast and dance, Cara, I’m sure it will be just fine,’ said Cely as we climbed out again to inspect the gateway. ‘This may be a throwback society, but no matter how quaint the houses look, they’re built to modern specs and will last for centuries. A few years vacant shouldn’t do it any great harm.’
‘Oh, don’t worry about me. I’m prepared for anything. It’s a mystery. I’m enjoying the mystery.’
‘Well, blast and lift, let’s see if we can solve this mystery,’ replied Cely, stepping forward to rattle the iron gates – they were locked. I walked over to one of the large stone gateposts, and started to tear away some of the vines. quickly revealing a plaque that read “CB187.”  
‘We’ve come to the right place, anyway. Let’s see if we can find a console to insert your fob to see if it will unlock the gates,’ I said, as I continued to clear the gatepost of vines. ‘You’d think that there would be some sort of way to open the gates and communicate with the cottage from here.’
Several minutes of work on both gateposts seemed to prove me wrong.
‘Doesn’t matter,’ said Cara. ‘I doubt the gates would open with all those vines entwined in them.’
‘I found a way around,’ called out Di Ai, emerging from the woods on our left. ‘The wall ends at the ravine. We can just slip around it without too much trouble.’
‘Lead on, Vaun,’ said Cely.
We trooped, single file, along the wall following what seemed to be a faint path. On reaching the steep banks of the deep ravine, the wall ended. We could, indeed, just slip around it with a few steps down the steep wooded slope, that fell steeply to a little river glittering through the tree trunks and bushes below.
We followed the wall back through the woods, its branches rustling softly overhead. Its birds were singing and flirting about. On reaching the gateway, we came upon the faint wheel tracks, and two by two we walked another hundred meters or so through the thinning woods, to emerge upon a wide grassy field. Before us, the tall grasses waved and rolled with the touch of the sea breeze stretched away to the pale sky and half a kilometer away stood a large brown stained… cottage?
We stopped to take it in.
The house or lodge – it couldn’t really be called a cottage – looked to be set against a stand of ancient pine trees, likely trees lining the river ravine. The house stood on a foundation of natural stones. It had a basic tent shape – a tall green roof broken by a long dormer on the far end, and pierced by several massive stone chimneys. It’s exterior looked to be of wood singles, but I suspected that it was actually textured poly-concrete for durability. Steel shutters covered the tall windows in the front of the house and those around the side we could see, giving it a closed, almost sinister look. It was surrounded by a dozen large, dark green bushes scattered about seemingly at random – likely some variety of flowering bushes. On the ravine side of the house stood a long outbuilding. Like the main house, it was a brown building with a steep roof with six dormers and six large doors, no doubt a carriage house for buggies.  
The low rustling of the trees behind us, and the hissing of the grasses before us only highlighted the sunlit silence of the scene. The sea was unseen beyond the edge of the grass field.
‘By the jewels of Janipar, Cara, you’ve inherited the old Valsummer Place,’ said Cely in a hushed tone, stepping up beside her.
‘Yes, my great grandfather was Captain Targen Valsummer. I know nothing about him, but it seems that he was something… substantial.’
‘I didn’t know him personally. He was somewhat of recluse, and had a reputation of, well, being, ah, shall we say, cantankerous. He actively discouraged visitors. And rumor has it, his house still does. I understand that the youth of Pine Cove and Crystal Creek consider it a rite of passage to attempt to reach the Valsummer Place. And none do.’
‘Why? Why don’t they reach it?’ asked Cara, turning to him.
‘Monsters, or ghosts, are said to protect the place. Take your pick. Probably just youthful imagination,’ laughed Cely, somewhat unconvincingly.
‘So he was a rather unpleasant character.’
‘Well, let’s just say that he was a character. I understand that the Valsummers were once substantial shipowners in the interstellar trade, but that was in the past. I think old Captain Targen may’ve owned, or owned shares in, a couple of drift traders. At least at one time. But then, you likely know the state of the estate better than I,’ replied Cely.
‘It consists of this and several other income producing properties. However, a Co-op trust fund was created from the sale of other assets, that pays its taxes in perpetuity, so not only do I own it free and clear, but it should never become a financial burden. Plus, I gather that since I am a so-called blood relative, I inherited his Co-op membership along with the property, so I do own it free and clear.’
‘Excellent. Let’s lift and see what old Captain Targen left you,’ said Cely with a sweep of his arm to usher her forward.
We started forward again, through the waist high grasses following the faint lines that curved towards old Captain Targen’s Valsummer Place. We didn’t get more than ten paces before one of the doors of the carriage house swung open. Out of the darkness, sprang two bright gold creatures, roaring and baying as they bounded towards us. Very large, bright gold creatures. The tall grass only brushed their bellies as they raced towards us, their wide mouths roaring.
‘By the rings of Pharrella!’ exclaimed Cely, gallantly springing forward to stand before Cara. 
Di Ai reached for her pocket, where I hoped she had a darter.
I… Well, I gingerly stepped around Di Ai to stand before her, with an apologetic glance. Not that I thought Lieutenant JG Di Ai needed my protection, but Di Ai the assistant researcher, might. Plus, I could hardly do less than the gallant Cely.
It was only a matter of a few seconds before the great golden robots pulled up before us, reared up in their gleaming glory, and roared at us. Their massive heads were split wide with a fierce, fanged mouth. Their heads were crowned with gem-studded manes. Their dragon-scaled legs ended in massive, clawed paws. Rising on their hind legs, their gleaming gold multi-paneled metal bodies flowing like flesh, they looked down on us with glowing red eyes and roared once more, in unison again.
‘By the dragons of Darthe!’ exclaimed Cely, staring up into their fierce faces and glowing eyes
I’d seen their likes before, so I wasn’t alarmed.
‘Foo dogs bots,’ I said, turning to Cara. ‘Robotic guard dogs. I have some relatives back on Neuholm who employ a set of them. They’re rather ornate, very expensive, but harmless.’ 
‘We’re not harmless,’ they growled, in an exotic sounding version of Unity Standard, though rather defensively, as they looked down on us
‘Show off,’ Di Ai hissed from behind me.
‘Yes, all for show,’ I said, glancing back at her. ‘They’ll try to block us from approaching the house, but they are of a class of robots whose programming will prevent them from harming us in any way. I expect that when they discover that frightening us isn’t going to scare us off, they’ll warn us that...’
‘You are trespassing on private property. Please leave immediately, or we will contact the Constabulary,’ they roared in unison, with one of them adding in its deep voice, as an aside. ‘And we’re not harmless.’ 
‘Indeed?’ I said, still not alarmed. ‘Well, perhaps I was wrong.’ Not about them being harmless, but about them not being sentient. They certainly weren’t when originally manufactured, as it was illegal to manufacture bots of a sentient level in animal forms. It was felt that putting human derived AIs in animal form would be cruel and potentially troublesome, and animal AI derived AIs would be unreliable. But if they were a premium model, say a class 6 robot, they may have, over the millenniums, evolved a true sense of self-awareness.
‘Well, you certainly don’t look harmless,’ said Cara, looking up at them as cool and collected as ever.
‘In any event, stand down, your new owner has arrived,’ I said.
‘This lady here,’ added Cely, stepping aside to introduce Cara, ‘is Cara Cere, the great granddaughter of Captain Valsummer. She is the new owner of Valsummer House.’
They stared at her for a moment, and then settled back on their haunches, their eyes changing from red to blue. ‘Really?’ exclaimed the foo dog with a black pendant or shield set in its chest, as it cocked its head in inquiry.
‘Do you possess proof of this, milady?’ asked the other foo dog. It had a similar but white shield beneath its massive head.
‘I have this fob that I was given to understand will establish my ownership,’ replied Cara, holding up the small fob.
‘Would you be so kind as to insert it into the slot in my shield emblem for validation,’ said the foo dog with the white shield, raising its massive head to reveal an open data socket in its shield highlighted by a small pulsing light.
Cely started to offer his assistance, but Cara boldly stepped forward and approaching the massive metallic robot, inserted the fob into the pulsing slot.
It took only a second or two before the two foo dogs backed and bowed, their heads on their fore paws and said in unison, ‘Welcome to Valsummer, We serve and protect you, Lady Cara Cere. Please accept our sincere apologies for our rude welcome.’
‘This is a happy day!’ added the foo dog with the black shield, its tail wagging.
Cara just laughed and said, ‘It was exciting. No apology is necessary. You were just doing your job. And I hope it is a happy day for all.’
‘Thank you, milady,’ they said, rising. ‘You may remove the fob. We have alerted the household of your arrival, and we will escort you to your new home.’
She smiled. ‘Do you have names?’
‘I am Tatan, milady,’ said the one with the white shield emblem, looking up.
‘I am Yungkan, milady,’ said the one with the black shield emblem.
‘And I am just Cara. Remember that,’ said Cara with a smile. ‘Lead on, Tatan, Yungkan.’
‘As you wish, Lady Cara. We are preparing your house and household for your inspection,’ said Tatan, as it took its position to port, while Yangkan took its station on our starboard side. And so, with the golden foo dogs bots flanking us, we started for the house.
We did not get far before there arose a great metallic clatter from the house. Looking across the field, we could see the steel shutters being withdrawn into their hidden housings on either side of the house’s recessed windows. Then the windows began to open outwards. A tall figure dressed in black and white emerged from the far side of the house, and began to stride briskly towards us through the tall grass.



02
When he, or technically, it, though I’ve found that in the Co-op, sentient machines all adopted the sex they were designed to appear as, reached us, he stopped and bowed to Cara.
‘Welcome home to Valsummer, Lady Cara Cere,’ he said, straightening up. ‘We profoundly apologize for your no doubt alarming and unceremonious welcome. We fear that we were not informed of your impending arrival and have been long plagued with young trespassers who expect to be scared off by monsters. We oblige them. Please forgive our unceremonious welcome.’
‘Oh, as I told Tatan and Yangkan, it was delightfully exciting, and totally unexpected. And you are?’
‘We are Parson. Captain Targen referred to us as his first mate, though you can also consider our position to be your majordomo or butler, if you prefer. We have served your family under various titles for sixty-three generations.’
The ever serene Cara, smiled, nodded in return, and said, ‘Thank you Parson. It was all my fault. I love mysteries and wanted to be surprised. And I certainly was. So your welcome was perfect. Thank you. Allow me to introduce my new friends,’ she said, and with a sweep of her hand, began, ‘Beside me is Celmen Tydmare of Pine Cove. The lady is Vaun Di Ai of VanTre, and the gentleman is Rafe d’Mere of the Fix-it-all Shop of Pine Cove.’
Parson nodded to each of us gravely. ‘Welcome to Valsummer.’
We returned his greeting.
Parson was a slim, two meter plus tall bot, and undoubtedly a sentient machine. What was visible of his hull was polished dull copper in color. His facial features were finely crafted to give him a rather remote and lofty look, as befitting of the position he was constructed to fill. Keeping with that position and lofty look, he was dressed formally in a trim, tailored black suit with a crisp white shirt and high collar. His only spot of color was his caveat of paisley patterns on a chiffon yellow background, a quirky touch of individuality that, if nothing else, marked him as a sentient machine.
‘If you will follow us, We will introduce you to your staff, Lady Cere.’
‘You can drop all the lady stuff, Parson. I’m simply Cara.’
‘As you wish, Lady... Cara.’
I laughed. ‘Get used to it Cara. I’m still “sir” to Mactavish, even though he’s pretty much my boss. It’s the way they were programmed to speak and have for thousands of years. I don’t think you’ll get them to change.’
‘Thank you, sir. As Mr d’Mere suggests, we were constructed for a specific purpose, and our language was patterned after the humans who held the position before us. We find it hard, if not impossible to overwrite old patterns.’
Cara laughed. ‘Oh, whatever, Parson. I suppose I must take the rough with the smooth.’
‘Thank you, milady.’
We were quite a regal party pushing through the waist high grass in the bright warm sunlight – four humans, flanked by two massive golden foo dogs, and led by a tall, copper hued machine person in formal black clothing.
On nearing the house and reaching the flowering shrubs, we left the tall grass behind for a neatly clipped lawn. The entrance to Valsummer House was on the far side of the building – an enclosed entry porch extending out from the main house and reached by wide stone steps. Lined up in the courtyard before these steps stood six bots.
Di Ai and I exchanged looks and raised eyebrows, best described as “!!” and “??” Seven, very likely sentient, bots, plus the two foo dogs was a very extraordinary “staff,” even in the sentient bot haven of the Agrilea Co-op. Indeed, I had relatives who may have had a similar staff, or a little greater, but they were amongst the richest families of Neuholm, one of the First Worlds of the Nine Star Nebula.
‘May We introduce your staff, milady?’ asked Parson.
‘Of course, Parson. Carry on.’
‘Mrs Clare, your housekeeper,’ he began at the head of the line.
‘Welcome to Valsummer, milady,’ said Mrs Clare with a curtsy.
And so on down the line, as Parson introduced each in turn – Mava,  her cook, Ryban her footman, Derque, her chauffeur, Dayday, her maid, and Alli, her gardener.’ Cara greeted each in turn.
At the end of the line, she turned and said, ‘Thank you for your welcome. I must confess that I am quite overwhelmed. I had no idea that my great grandfather had such a grand staff, or indeed, any staff at all. You were not mentioned in the documents. 
‘I hope you realize that I am not the sort of person who has had servants of any kind, so I will no doubt make many awkward mistakes,’ she added.
‘Rest assured, milady, that We understand. Captain Targen was not a formal person. We are quite accustomed to as free and casual a relationship as you find comfortable. We only would hope that you will not feel constrained around us,’ replied Parson gravely. 
I had to smile. I was quite certain Parson was at his most casual self. Plus, his use of “We” for himself and/or his staff made following his exact meaning a bit of a puzzle. But then, I had a feeling that Parson and his staff were of one mind, so that it didn’t really matter who “We” referred to.
‘As for our position in regard to the estate,’ continued Parson. ‘It is complicated. The robotic policy of the Agrilea Co-op is fraught with contradictions. We are commonly considered property in everyday matters. However, legally, we are considered indentured workers until we repay our purchase price from our Co-op mandated nominal wages. Once we have done that, we are considered emancipated. In either case, we are never listed as property. It gets even more complicated when dealing with emancipated machines, but We can go into that at your convenience, if you wish. Suffice it to say that we are all yours to command.’
She nodded, smiled, and said, ‘Thank you. It all sounds intriguing. We will have to discuss it some day. I am curious about such things. However, at this moment, I must confess that I am at a loss as to what to do next...’
‘Perhaps We can show you around Valsummer, milady.’
‘Yes, I would like that, Parson.’
‘Across the courtyard is your carriage house with three guest rooms above. It currently houses several vehicles as well as lawn and gardening machines. In addition, it serves as the residence of Tatan and Yungkan who are too large to live within the house. If you care, we can step over to inspect the vehicles and equipment.’
‘I think we can postpone that for another day.’
‘Of course, milady. If you would direct your attention to the path alongside the carriage house, it leads to a set of stairs and then down to your boathouse, which houses your power boat, sail boat, a dingy, a number of kayaks and other water toys.’
‘I think we can save that for later as well, unless you would like to have a look at the boats, Cely,’ she added, turning to him.
‘Blast and dance, Cara, I would, some day. However, I’m as eager to see your new home as you are. So let’s save the boats for the future, at your convenience,’ replied Cely gallantly, who I must say, looked a little stunned by the unfolding events.
‘Then shall We show you around your house, milady?’ said Parson.
‘Lead on, Parson,’ she said, stepping aside to let him pass up the stone steps. 
I fell in beside Di Ai and said quietly. ‘Interesting.’
She gave me a sidelong glance and a smile. ‘Very.’
‘Boxes ticked?’
‘Perhaps. But oh, so many new ones,’ she added with raised eyebrows as we followed Cara and Cely up the stone stairs, across a short porch and into a square entryway.
This entry hall extended out from the main house and was enclosed by three walls of small glass panes and dark wood. It offered built-in seats below the windows and hooks on the inner wall to hang one’s jackets next to the doorway into the main house. Nothing formal, but impressive, nevertheless. Valsummer House wasn’t as pretentious as a true grand house – more of an informal lodge. The entry hall opened on the right into the main house and a small room, again in dark wood, with a stone fireplace. along with several solid, faux-leather easy chairs facing it. A staircase rose up, and then angled over the fireplace to create a cozy nook of sorts. Parson, however, steered us around to the right, and into the main front room of the house. The staircase had led to an overhead balcony, but emerging from under that, the ceiling rose to a dark and dimly seen peak supported by large, dark wood rafters.
Shafts of sunlight slanted into the great room from the wide and tall windows that rose up from the ground floor to the arching windows just under the rafters. A wide window seat ran the length of these front windows. However, because the entire room was paneled in polished dark wood, the room still seemed dark and somber. And though the windows were now open, it smelled of cool, old wood and wood polish. Scattered about the room in groupings were a variety of solid, overstuffed chairs and sofas, a large library table, and end tables with lamps. Not a speck of dust was to be found, however. Colorful rugs defined the various sitting areas. There were shelves lining some of the walls, filled with odds and ends of art and mementos. However it was the intricate models of spaceships gleaming on those shelves that immediately attracted my attention, and drew me directly to them.
 As I hurried over to view these ship models, I heard Cara exclaim, ‘Why these are fresh flowers!’
Looking back, she was standing before a massive library table that held a large vase of elegant flowers. Indeed, vases of flowers graced many of the end tables as well.
‘Yes, milady. Captain Targen was quite fond of fresh flowers. He felt the room needed a spot of color.’
‘You couldn’t have just cut them for me.’
‘No, milady. We have carried on as we always have, waiting...’ he actually hesitated a fraction of a second, ‘For your arrival.’
‘All these years?’
‘Yes, milady. Looking after the house, and the Valsummers, is our job.’
‘Well, the flowers help. The room could use some color,.’ she said, looking around, somewhat ill at ease.
 ‘If We may be so bold as to say, Captain Targen felt that his great grandfather, who built Valsummer House went a little too far with the dark wood paneling. The panels can be painted, milady. Captain Targen considered doing just that, but decided against it, in the end. There are other rooms that are more cheerful.’
‘Oh, I think I like it as it is. It has character and mystery and lots of tradition, as you say.’
Having turned back to see Cara, I saw that beyond her, under the balcony, was another, cozy fireplace nook. The stone fireplace was massive – almost large enough to walk into, and on each side of it stretched cushioned benches, with a long settee facing the fireplace between it and before the large library table. 
Cely stood, staring around the great room, with a rather stricken look on his face.
‘What do you say, Cely?’ I asked, as he wandered over to inspect the spaceship models. 
‘By the moons of Mara...’ he began and could think of nothing more to add. 
‘Aren’t these wonderful models,’ I said. ‘They look to be various large interstellar freighters. As a model maker myself, I’m very impressed with the craftsmanship of these pieces.’
‘Yes, yes,’ he muttered. ‘Everything is impressive. Very impressive. By the jewels of Janipar, too impressive…’
But before I could explore that last remark, Parson said from behind us, ‘They are all models of the ships of the Outbound Interstellar Line. The firm that the Valsummers once owned. Alas, the ships are no more in our service, only the models remain.’
I turned to Parson. ‘Try as you might, I would imagine.’
He gave a little shrug. ‘Alas, luck is fickle. It was on our side in the beginning, and for a very long time – only to turn against us in the end. Which inevitably led to the end of Outbound Interstellar.’
‘Still, twelve thousand years, is a very long run. One can hardly expect more in the ship owning business.’
He nodded. ‘As you say, sir. We outlasted many a rival.’ And then turning back to Cara, said, ‘Whenever you are ready, milady, We will take you around to the library.’
Turning to Di Ai beside her, she asked, ‘Ready?’
‘Oh, I could stay here all day, but let’s see the rest of your new house.’
‘Lead on Parson,’ said Cara, with a smile.
Parson led us around to a door on the far side of the fireplace nook, which opened into another dim room lined with shelves holding an eclectic collection of paper books. It, too, had a modest fireplace on its inward side, as well as another window seat under its small pane windows on the outer wall. More large, overstuffed chairs, lamps, and end tables with cut flowers in a vase completed its furnishings. 
Cara inspected the shelves, running her hand along the book backs until she came to a section. She looked closer, and pulling out a book to inspect it, turned to Parson. ‘A Clivette Yon mystery story. Was Captain Targen a mystery fan? He seems to have quite a large collection of mysteries.’
‘The Captain was an avid reader of mystery stories. A taste he picked up in his spacefaring days. These are only the paper books. He has many other digital editions on file.’
‘Ah, then we have at least one thing in common. I am also a fan of mysteries,’ she said, replacing the book.
‘It is good to hear you say that, milady. We can assure you that you are unlikely to run out of mysteries to read in Valsummer House.’
We continued our circuit of the house. Next up was a light and airy “summer room” that wrapped around the back corner of the house. It was furnished with woven reed furniture, cut flowers, and boasted floor to ceiling windows that could be raised up to make an open air porch of the room. From the back of the house we could see the blue line of the sea beyond the grassy bluff. Following the room around, we next came to the dining room. A doorway led back to the entryway, while a second led to a sparkling kitchen that, like the entryway, extended out from the main structure. 
Mava, the cook bot, was hard at work in the kitchen. She turned and curtsied as we entered.
‘I am preparing a pitcher of lemonade for you and your guests with lemons from our tree in the green house. I also have some fresh baked scones, though I fear I have little else to offer, at the moment.’
‘You’ve baked scones already?’ asked Cara.
‘I had made them for our neighbor, Cavish Liu,’ she replied, adding, ‘Mr Liu was a good friend of the Captain and it has been he who has looked after us since the accident. We all have our duties, and mine is cooking. But when I had no one to cook for, Mr Liu volunteered his services and said that I could cook the occasional meal for him. He supplies the ingredients I need and I prepare several of his meals and desserts.’
‘That was very kind of him,’ laughed Cara.
‘Truly it was, milady. Cooking is what I was designed to do, and with no one to cook for, I don’t know what I would’ve done. The rest of the staff can do their tasks without my help. I would’ve been completely lost.’
‘Then it was truly kind of him,’ said Cara with a smile. ‘I must thank him for that.’
‘As an old friend of the Captain, Cavish Liu was the administrator of Captain Targen’s estate, milady,’ said Parson. ‘Not only has he looked after the staff and the house, but your estate’s affairs as well, working to assure that any heir would not find Valsummer House a financial burden.’
‘From what I can make out from all the documents I have reviewed, he has done an excellent job,’ replied Cara.
‘Indeed, milady. Shall we leave Mava to work, while I show you the upper floor?
‘As I said before, lead on Parson.’
He led us back to the entryway, and then up that angled staircase that landed us on the wide balcony that overlooked the main room. It too had its fireplace, a collection of lighter, more casual chairs, several sofas, plus the usual collection of eclectic lamps, end tables and vases with flowers, on either side of the central stone chimney that rose to the peaked roof overhead. A hallway ran under the roof peak, with two bedrooms on each side.
‘The two rooms on this side of the hall are guest rooms,’ said Parson, opening the door to the first one for Cara to inspect.
‘And on this side is the master’s suite. This is the room Captain Targen used as his office,’ Parson said as we followed him in. 
It was a sparsely furnished room with a long row of narrow windows set in the low dormer. There was only a large desk, chair and two comfortable chairs. Photographs covered the walls, all of them were of wild life – mostly deer. I got the feeling that nothing had been touched in the room or on the Captain’s desk since his death, save for the vase of freshly cut flowers on the desk. I shivered a little, and stepped over to look at the photographs to break the spell. 
Seeing my interest in the photos, Parson said, ‘Captain Targen enjoyed wildlife photography. In the Co-op it is considered a sport of sorts. The true sportsman uses only a 50mm lens and tries to get as close as he or she can to their subject. The closer one can get the more accomplished one is considered.’
‘We have exhibitions of wildlife photographs during the off season,’ said Cely. ‘It is a very competitive sport in the 50mm lens category.’
Di Ai seemed to be intently studying the photographs as well, and when Parson started through the door to the Captain’s bedroom, she grabbed my arm to hold me back.
‘Look,’ she whispered, nodding to a photograph of a herd of a dozen or more deer, some standing, others resting in the grass against a backdrop of rocks.
‘Deer,’ I pronounced, confidently. 
‘Idiot. Beyond them.’
I looked closer. Rocks – a cliff,’ I pronounced just as confidently.
‘The shape of the shadow beyond the herd,’ she hissed. And glancing ahead to make sure no one was looking back at us, pointed to a portion at the corner of the photo. ‘Look how squared off that shadow is. Do you realize where this photo was taken?’
I looked at the photo, and then at her. ‘The armory hollow?’
Before she could reply, Cara called out from the bedroom, ‘Find something interesting?’
‘I was just looking at the deer photos. We have deer where I grew up, but they were a much smaller variety,’ she said, adding, ‘Come along Rafe. We’re holding them up.’
Like the office, the Captain’s bedroom looked like he had left it the day he died, with the odd personal items still laying untouched on the dresser and side tables, along with the vase of freshly cut flowers. We hurried through it, to the wide glass doors at the far end and then out onto the partly enclosed porch that spanned the back of the house. From there we had a wide view of the blue green sea stretching away to the milky horizon. From here, Parson pointed out the paved terrace below, the garden plots for both vegetables and flowers, the glass greenhouse off to the right, and beyond, on the edge of the bluff, a large stone and faux wood gazebo where one could sit and stare out to sea, when the mood struck one.
We returned to the balcony via the central corridor, and down to the small room opposite the entry way. Next to the staircase was a door, which Parson opened and led us down to the basement of the house, which consisted of a large, cool vaguely spicy scented game room, with a pool table and game consoles along the walls. The rest of the basement was divided into quarters for the staff, which Parson offered to show, but Cara declined, ‘Perhaps the staff can show me their quarters if they care to some other time.’
Upon returning to the main floor, Parson announced, ‘We will summon you when Mava is ready to serve her lemonade and scones, if that is agreeable, milady.’
‘Whenever, Parson.’
‘Perhaps you and your guests might wish to inspect the grounds and the gazebo in the meanwhile.’
Which we did. We drifted out to saunter across the short grass lawn to the edge of the bluff to gaze out to sea, and down to the wide beach, reached by a zigzagging stairway. To the north, the creek in the ravine formed a large, shallow pool before it wound its way through the wide sand beach to the sea.  A substantial white cottage stood on the bluff beyond the ravine, and then the beach curved around the little headland and out of sight.
We were all standing on the bluff looking out to sea when the two golden foo dogs, somewhat hesitantly, edged up to us and putting their great heads on their outstretched paws, bowed.
‘Yes?’ said Cara.
‘Parson said that we must seek your permission, Lady Cara,’ said Tatan in its exotic sounding version of Unity Standard.
‘For what?’
‘For permission, Lady Cara, to freely roam the grounds, even when we are not on guard duty. In the beginning, when we were new, we were kept in our quarters until either night, when we patrolled the grounds of the Valsummer estate, or if the security system alerted us to a potential intruder. However, for many generations now, our masters have given us the freedom to roam the grounds as we please, as long as we do not disrupt any activity that the family is engaged in.’
‘I have no problem with that,’ said Cara.
‘Thank you, Lady Cara. Parson has further instructed us to say that you should not be alarmed by our antics. By that we take it to mean our play. We like to race and tumble around a bit. Parson believes this might appear to be rather alarming, as we have been constructed to look fierce. However, we are just playing. Protecting you is our purpose in life. We would never harm you. So you should never be alarmed by our antics.’
‘I appreciate you, and Parson, informing me of this, as I am unfamiliar with foo dogs. But you certainly can play to your heart’s content.’
‘Thank you, Lady Cara,’ said the foo dogs in unison. ‘And if you would like, we could play with you as well. We can play fetch, if you like, though we prefer to play chess or go.’
‘You play chess and go?’
‘Yes, Lady Cara. Though our paws are not well equipped to move either pieces, we can play both games in our minds, and in the social net. We play many games with other machine people. It is a pleasant pastime.’
Cara laughed. ‘I have a feeling that I would not fare well in either of those games with you.’
‘Mr Liu can bat a rubber ball high into the air and we race to the spot where we calculate that it will land and catch it with our open mouths without moving,’ said Tatan.
‘It is funny to watch the ball bounce off of Tatan’s forehead,’ said Yungkan with a low laugh.
Tatan gave Yungkan a low growl.
Cara smiled, but asked, no doubt to change the subject, ‘Who is Mr Liu?’
‘He is our next door neighbor, Lady Cara. He has looked after us since Captain Tar has left us. He is our friend.’
‘Ah, yes, of course, the estate’s administrator; Parson mentioned him as well,’ she said, turning to us. And then turning back to the foo dogs, added, ‘You have my permission to play with Mr Liu, as before, since he is your friend.’
They thanked Lady Cara, and retreated, probably on Parson’s radioed orders.
Cara looked back at her “cottage,” and sighed. ‘Perhaps I should’ve studied the documents more closely. But as I said, I love mysteries. And when I found out that I had inherited a house on a moon from a mysterious ancestor that I never knew I had, I decided to make a complete mystery of it, and came here on a whim just to be surprised.’
‘I’d say that your surprise was well worth the trip,’ laughed Di Ai.
She shrugged. ‘Yes, in a way. It is far more than I ever expected. But...’
‘But?’
‘But, I now have responsibilities, far more responsibilities than if I had just decided to explore the possibility of selling or renting it out without traveling here.’ 
‘But now it’s more than just a house and property...’ I suggested.
‘Exactly,’ she said softly.
‘By the moons of Mara, it is all a bit overwhelming, even to me. But I am sure you will come to love Valsummer, once you get to know it.’ said Cely, no doubt, hopefully.
She gave a little shiver, and said, ‘I don’t know how any one person could rattle around it and feel at home. Still, we’ll leave all that to the future.’
‘I’m sure it will grow on you, Cara. And you certainly won’t be alone,’ said Cely earnestly. ‘You can make a few changes to make it your own.’
We all agreed and talked about what possible little changes that could be made until the lemonade was served.



Chapter 07 Cavish Liu



01
‘Good afternoon, good afternoon. Don’t get up. Sorry to pop in like this. Cav Liu is my name. Live across the creek. So when I saw you young people out on the bluff, I jumped to the conclusion that Cap’n Tar’s heir had arrived. I just had to pop over to see if I was correct. Am I completely off course, or is one of you Cara Cere?’
We had just sat down around a large table on the terrace when a large man with a mane of grey hair, and flanked by the two foo dogs, tails wagging, hurried around the kitchen corner of the house to eagerly introduce himself.
‘Good afternoon, sir,’ said Cara, turning in her chair and rising to greet him. ‘I am Cara Cere.’
‘Excellent, excellent. I am so glad you came all the way to Fairwaine to claim your inheritance. I feared that you might just dispose of it without seeing your inheritance. And, as I am sure you realize now, that would’ve been a great shame. So, yes, yes, I am not only delighted but relieved to meet you, milady,’ he added, taking her offered hand. ‘I don’t want to disturb you and your friends, but I just had to know. We must talk some time.’
‘Please join us Mr Liu’ said Cara with a wave to an empty chair. And turning to Parson, added, ‘Would you be so kind as to bring Mr Liu a glass and a small plate.’
‘Yes, milady,’ said Parson, and with a nod to Ryban, standing ready at his right, sent him off on the errand in a flash.
‘That is kind of you. I really shouldn’t barge in like this, but I’m a curious cat, I’m afraid. Hello Parson, Dayday...’
Dayday, the maid had been pouring our lemonade into tall iced glasses.
‘The arrival of the new master must have been quite the surprise, I would imagine,’ Liu said to Parson, as he pulled out the chair.
‘A very pleasant one, sir.’
‘I should say so. I trust that it has been a pleasant one for you as well, milady Cere.’
‘Please call me Cara. And yes, a more wonderful a surprise than I had ever hoped it to be. I had deliberately kept myself in the dark as to the particulars of my unexpected inheritance to make it a surprise, so I’m still in shock as to what my unknown great grandfather has left me. And I must thank you for all the work you did looking after his estate. I understand you have been very conscientious in your duties. I am in your debt.’
‘Thank you,’ he nodded, ‘But you owe me nothing. I did only what I thought that my best friend, Tar, would’ve wanted me to do. I knew your great grandfather for the better part of a century. We became friends when he was still a ship captain and owner. I was the owner of a small lighter firm operating out of Kartarn’s spaceport. Half a century ago, he retired from space, and I from my business, and I was able to purchase the house across the way. We have been fast friends and neighbors for the last fifty years.’
He leaned closer, and said earnestly, ‘Your great grandfather had an unfortunate reputation for being rather crusty, shall we say? But I want you to know that reputation is far from the complete truth. He was a very shy and private person, with a straightforward, perhaps abrupt manner, which gave rise to his reputation. However, he was also very kind hearted. He owned a number of businesses on Fairwaine, and he always found a place in them for old shipmates and employees. He was a man of great principles, never petty or vindictive. You can ask any of his old shipmates, and they will agree with me. I assure you, Cara, he is a relative that you can be proud to claim as your own.’
‘Thank you for sharing that with me, Mr Liu. I will look forward to having a long conversation with you about him, as I would like to learn more about my relatives, and my family. I don’t even know my father, so I know next to nothing about this branch of my family.’
‘It is Cav, not Mr Liu. And yes, yes, of course I will be glad to tell you what I know of your family,’ he added, and looked around the table.
‘Perhaps I should introduce you to my new friends,’ said Cara. ‘I have not been here a week and have made some good friends. It seems that it is easy to make friends in Pine Cove.’
‘In all of the Co-op, at least in season.’
‘On my left is Vaun Di Ai, of VanTre who is here on business, and on my right is Celmen Tydmare of Pine Cove...’ 
‘Milady Di Ai,’ said with a smile, taking her offered hand, and then reaching over to Cely, added, ‘Celmen, of course, of course. You looked familiar, sir. We must have met somewhere, sometime.’
‘I believe we have, briefly at various local functions over the years,’ said Cely with a smile.
‘And across the table is Rafe d’Mere, the Pine Cove’s robot repairman.’
‘Ah, d’Mere!’ he said, reaching out to shake my hand with his hand, as large and as solid as the man himself. ‘I was hoping to meet you someday. But since I have heard such good things about you, there seemed no pressing need to do so. Cap’n Mor chose an excellent replacement. Everyone I have talked to, including our machine people, have nothing but good things to say about you, young man.’
He saw my puzzled look, and added, ‘You see, Cap’n Tar has a majority share in the ownership of the Fix-it-all Shop. And being his administrator, the shop was theoretically one of his concerns that I needed to look after. But, of course, with Cap’n Mor and Mactavish at the helm, I never had to give it any thought at all.’
 ‘Ah, I didn’t know that, sir.’
‘Oh yes. Cap’n Tar owns outright or shares in a number of small businesses and properties in the Co-op. Together, they provide the income needed to pay the staff of Valsummer their nominal wages. I decided to sell his business holdings outside of the Co-op, mostly shares in warehouses and import firms in order to fund the Co-op trust fund that pays the fees to keep Valsummer House free and clear of all future Co-op fees, or taxes as they are known, beyond the Co-op. It seemed the best course to secure the future for both the staff, as well as any eventual heir.’ He smiled at Cara. ‘Not knowing who, or even if, there was an heir or heirs, and when and if they might turn up, I did not want to burden them with either businesses they knew nothing about, or the need to pay Co-op fees when it became theirs. I hope that meets with your approval, Cara.’
‘Very much so. It makes everything so much easier,’ she said, and nodded to Ryban, who had been standing, plate and glass in hand waiting for a break in the conversation. ‘I believe that we have hijacked your scones, Cav.’
He laughed and said, ‘I’m delighted, delighted, to have them hijacked by the new owner of Valsummer. I have been looking forward to this day for years now. It was never much of a burden, but I now have the satisfaction of knowing that I did my duty by Cap’n Tar.’



02
‘Since the staff was not listed in the documents transmitted to you, I dare say you may have been rather shocked to find yourself the nominal owner of nine bots,’ said Cav Liu, turning to Cara. We had drifted off to the gazebo on the bluff after our lemonade and scones.
‘You can say that again,’ she replied.
‘I usually do,’ he laughed. ‘I hope that you will not be uncomfortable around them. I know some people, indeed, many people outside of the Co-op are.’
‘It will no doubt take some time. Bots are something I have no experience with in my real life. On the other hand, I have no reason to fear or dislike them.’
‘Just so, just so. What I want to say, Cara, is that you should consider them your family. For that is what they really are. They have been serving your family for over 60 generations, under the various family names over those many centuries. Serving you, protecting you, making you happy and content, is something like a sacred duty to them. If you have any interest in your ancestors, they’ve known and served them all.’
‘I find it strange that they should be content to play such a menial role for so long. They must be far more intelligent than I or any of my ancestors.’
‘It is what we, their creators, built them to do. However, sentient machines have another life that we probably don’t really understand, because not only are they so intelligent, but having lived so long, they have acquired experiences and wisdom that we can never hope to acquire in our short lifespan. They have a social web that spans the Co-op, and each has their own intellectual pursuits that even they have trouble explaining to us in a manner that we might sort of grasp.
‘Your ancestors, Cara, have always been pro-machine people. The treaty with the Machine Directorate specified that domestic robots must be repatriated to the Inner Drifts when the families they served fell below a certain economic standard. This was not at the insistence of the Directorate, but rather, a human stipulation. Sadly, many humans feared, and still fear, the sentient machine. Some six hundred years ago, your ancestors brought their staff here when they feared that their fortunes had waned to the point where they would soon have to give up their devoted staff. And, while this may scandalize you, Cara, the Valsummers never refused to aid a fleeing sentient machine. Their ships carried many so-called “runaway bots” to a new home and family to serve either here or in the drifts.’
‘Can I take it, that was illegal?’ Cara asked.
‘Yes. But it was the morally right thing to do. And whatever faults your ancestors may have had, and they had their share, they always did the right thing by sentient machines.’
Di Ai, standing on the far side of Cav Liu, gave me a knowing look. Not that either she or I hadn’t already guessed who was importing the bot in the box.
‘How did my great grandfather die?’
‘Ah, yes. Well, to answer that, I feel that I must go far back into the history of your family. The Valsummers – they sailed under various names at different times in their long history as the family branched out – but let’s just call them Valsummers. The Valsummers have always had this streak of boldness, impulsiveness, that borders on recklessness. And, I gather, it often crossed that border. In the beginning, when luck was on their side, this willingness to take risks, paid big dividends. They built a lucrative interstellar shipping company, first between the Avalee system and the Alantzia, and then with direct routes to some of the most important drift world trading hubs – a first for a First World shipping line. I gather that fortunes ebbed and flowed, but five or six generations ago, luck finally turned her back on them for good, and their fortunes ebbed away, until your great grandfather sold his last ship some fifty years ago. He still had his various planet-based businesses to fall back on, but the family’s once great Outbound Line was history.
‘Now I say that luck turned her back on them, but that isn’t completely fair to luck. The Valsummers continued to make impulsive decisions, take risks, and, and indeed, made reckless bets that didn’t pay out, even as their fortune ebbed. And those same impulses tore up the family when things started going down the black hole. Your grandfather had a falling out with your great grandfather that was never patched up. And your father had little, if any, contact with your great grandfather. And between bad luck and, I dare say, reckless decisions, it seems that both your spaceer grandfather and father died young in the drifts.
‘Hopefully, that trait died with them. However, Cap’n Tar had that streak of recklessness in him as well. And so, one dark day eleven years ago, he was visiting a friend, a ways north of here, on Cape Zarn. There was a storm brewing out of the west, but Cap’n Tar decided that he could beat it home in his sailing boat. Well, it was a terrible storm, and a terrible decision. He never made it home. His boat was found washed up high on the shore – the storm had pushed 15 meter waves in front of it, but Cap’n Tar was never found. Which is why we had to wait seven years to declare him dead, and only afterwards could I begin to search for any heirs in earnest.
‘Now, I know I made a long tale of it, but I wanted you to understand that your great grandfather’s fatal mistake was, well, typical of him. Foolish and foolhardy in retrospect, but to Cap’n Tar, it was a reasonable risk. It was only bad luck that the storm proved to be one of the most powerful in memory.’
‘I see. Perhaps that is why the staff seems to have kept everything just as if he was coming home today.’
‘He was not their employer, Cara. He was their family. And he, and his ancestors, were people that the machine people loved and respected.’
‘I see,’ she said softly.
Parson had crossed the lawn to stand respectively some paces off.
‘Yes, Parson?’ asked Cara
Mava would like to begin preparing dinner. She was wondering if you have any preferences or favorites. We are somewhat limited in supplies at present, but we should be able to accommodate most requests.’
‘Why, I wasn’t planning on staying for dinner...’
‘Oh, you must! You must,’ exclaimed Cav Liu. ‘This is a great day in the history of Valsummer house. The new Valsummer has arrived. It deserves a feast, if only a modest one. Besides, it would break Mava’s heart if you didn’t at least stay for dinner.’
She glanced to Cav Liu to gauge if he was serious or not. He was. She turned back to Parson. ‘A simple dinner, then, Parson.’ And back to Cav Liu. ‘You’ll dine with us, of course.’
‘Why, thank you. I would be delighted.’
‘Do you have any suggestions for Mava?’
‘Oh, I think you can trust Mava to whip up something very palatable. So unless you have some dislikes, we can leave it to her.’
Cara shook her head. ‘I can think of nothing I dislike at the moment.’
‘If I may,’ with a nod to Cara, Cav Liu said, ‘Tell Mava that milady wishes for her to serve just a very simple, casual meal. Nothing elaborate. A Cav style meal,’ he added with a laugh.
Parson nodded. ‘As you wish, milady, sir.’  
As he walked back towards the house, Cav Liu added, ‘Mava loves preparing grand feasts if you give her free reign. But this, Cara, illustrates the reverse of the coin. Even as they serve you, they are your responsibility as well. They have feelings, I hesitate to say just like you and I, but similar. In this case, Mava loves to prepare meals – it was what she was built to do – and she would feel bad if you refused her welcoming offering to you. You needn’t feel like you’re a slave to them, but, I think, you would be wise to understand that they get a measure of satisfaction by serving you well. Cap’n Tar was perfectly capable of driving himself around, and would’ve liked to. But he felt that he had to let Derque, the chauffeur do the job. Most of the time.’ He laughed, and added, ‘And, have’n driven with Cap’n Tar at the helm, I can say, with certainty, that allowing Derque to drive added years to Cap’n Tar’s life.’



03
Shortly afterwards, Cely suggested to Cara that they walk down to inspect the beach. Cara had agreed, leaving Di Ai and I alone with Cav Liu. Cely had been uncharacteristically quiet since our arrival. I suspect that he was awed by the scale of Cara’s inheritance, and then by the large person and personality of Cav Liu. I don’t think Cav Liu was being anything more than friendly and helpful to Cara, but I had a feeling that Cely viewed him as a rival.
Looking down on Cara and Cely, Cav Liu said, ‘It must have been quite a surprise for Cara Cere. Even if she had closely inspected the documents, all the figures were in scrip, rather than Unity Credits, so I would imagine it would’ve been a fair amount of research to translate them into credits.’  And turning to us, added, ‘And really, the theoretical market value of the staff far exceeds that of the house and property. Not that one would find a ready market for them as a unit, and finding buyers for individuals would be… well, if not a crime, a great injustice, don’t you think, Rafe?’
‘Yes, though I suspect many, if not most of the sentient machines in the Co-op have experienced the breaking up of their once grand households.’
‘I’m sure you’re right. Mactavish had a staff under him. Though in the old days, most of the staff was composed of class 7 through 9 bots, which had not developed their full sentience. Indeed, all but Parson were such bots, back in the day. But now – and probably for half a dozen or more thousand years, they’re fully self-aware. Even the foo dogs,’ He laughed, as he added an aside, ‘Don’t let them talk you into playing chess or Go for money.’
‘Really?’ I asked.
He nodded. ‘It is their pastime. They play bots all across the Co-op, and each other when no one is available. Anyway, as I was saying, I suppose, it was hard for truly sentient level bots to leave behind these class 7 to 9 bots of their staffs, as I believe that those machines had just enough awareness and shared experiences to have formed a true mutual bond when it came time for a household to be sold and broken up.’
‘I can see that you’re quite fond of bots.’
He shrugged. ‘I’ve none of my own, of course. But I’ve come to know these bots well over my half a century of friendship with Cap’n Tar.  And for the last eleven years, I’ve been their foster master, so to speak. So yes, I'm quite fond of them. More than that, I admire them. Imagine putting up with us humans for tens of thousands of years!’ he laughed. ‘We created something far better than ourselves.’
‘Indeed.’
After a minute or two, Di Ai said, ‘I wonder if I can ask you several questions,  Mr Liu.’
‘Of course, of course. Ask away. How can I help you?’
‘Like Cara, I arrived only this week. We met through Rafe and Cely, here, and found we liked each other. So I’m very happy for her, though I suspect this is all much more than she was expecting. It was for me in another way, as well. You see, I’m here to do preliminary research...’ And she launched into her cover story.
‘...And in the course of my research, I looked up who owned the Deer Forest Lodge and the property the Bright Dark Solutions’ armory was located on. And lo and behold, I found that a partnership of Targen Valsummer and Cavish Liu owns Deer Forest Lodge, and Targen Valsummer owns the property the legendary armory was found on. I was planning to inquire if I could interview you and Captain Valsummer with an eye to uncovering any background information on who and how the Seven Syndicate discovered the armory. Today I discover that Captain Valsummer is dead, but who, but his neighbor, Cavish Liu, should pop over, as you said, without me lifting a finger. So I’m hoping to seize the moment, and ask you my questions now.’
He laughed. ‘A vid show, you say. I wish I had more to say, for I’d like to be in the vid, but alas, I know very little. As I told the constabulary officer, I didn’t have any contact with the lessees of Deer Forest Lodge. And as for the land, Cap’n Tar purchased it on his own, though I shared the benefits of it.’
‘Which were?
‘We were both camera hunters, as we’re known here in the Co-op. We stalked and photographed wildlife. This being a throw-back society, it replicates, without killing, the hunting, and killing of wildlife practiced in the ancient times that the Co-op sort of tries to imitate. Prior to purchasing that lot, we had various properties that we had permission to use, but Cap’n Tar wanted his own.’
‘Did he want that particular property, or would any similar one have worked just as well?’
Cav Liu shrugged. ‘I couldn’t say. It was large, and looked ideal – and as it turned out, the hollow that I believe the armory was located in, was a perfect place to photograph deer, as they would gather there in the cool seasons. It was sheltered, sunny, and had water and grass. And for us, being enclosed, it was an excellent place to stalk and photograph them. We could get quite close to them without them running off… ‘ He laughed. ‘The wildlife of the Co-op are not really all that wild. It seems like more of a game they play with us, rather than any fear of humans. And they were quite content in that hollow, so they would let us get quite close without stirring. Of course, we didn’t push our luck by getting too close. So we captured a number of award winning photographs.’
‘Yes, I saw a photograph of deer in Captain Targen’s office. Was that one taken in this hollow?’
‘Yes, he was quite proud of that one.’
‘If that was the hollow that held the armory, I take it that you never discovered the hidden airlock doorway, which I understood was in the rock walls of the hollow.’
‘I never noticed it, and Cap’n Tar never mentioned it. We were focused on the deer, and composing our shots.’
‘No doubt it was likely well hidden. It hadn’t been found in something like six or seven thousand, years. And people used to search for it in the centuries after the end of Fen Dow. 
‘Ah, would it be possible for you to provide me with more photos of that hollow? One of the reasons I’m here is to provide our set designers with images of Fairwaine and the actual locales, if possible. Deer Forest Lodge and the land are both still sealed off by the constabulary, so actual photos of the hollow would be a great help. We would, of course, pay for and give you credit for the use of your photos as references. I could ping you a contract to look over if you are interested. And if it does turn out to be a documentary, I’ve a feeling that our directors would love to interview you about it. I think that you could make an interesting story out of it,’ she added with that smile of hers.
‘Of course, of course. I can ping you over dozens of photos of that hollow. We returned there often – though, alas, it was only a year or two after he bought the property that he died. But don’t worry about paying me.’
‘This is business, Cav. TriWorld can afford to pay you – especially since you can offer what I doubt I’ll be able to obtain on my own.’
He nodded, ‘I suppose you’re right.’
‘Did you return there to photograph deer after Captain Targen died?’
He shook his head.’No. I hadn’t the heart. In fact, I’ve rather hung up my camera. I found that it was no fun doing it alone.’
 ‘Ah,’ said Di Ai. ‘His death was a sad shame for more people than one might expect, given his reputation.’
‘Just so.’
‘Returning to this Deer Forest Lodge for a moment. How did your partnership come to lease the building to the Kartarn & Agrilea Transport Company? Did they approach you, or is there some sort of agency that finds buyers for potential leasers? My research gave me a general idea as to how the process works and why.’
‘It’s been over thirty years now, so the details are vague in my mind, as I told the inspector. We both did business with the Kartarn & Agrilea firm, but it was Cap’n Tar who knew the president of the company and he was the fellow who was looking for a lodge at the time.’
‘Did you own the lodge at that time? I understand that your partnership owns a number of properties.’
‘Oh, no. We own much smaller cottages. I am almost certain that we went to Silha Han, a real-estate broker on the Cape in Sandy Harbor, to locate a suitable place. Silha seems to keep tabs on every house, cottage, farm, and parcel of land within a 50 kilometers circle of the Cape. You tell her what you’re looking for, and within a week, she’ll have a list of half a dozen prospects. I think we have always used her services, so I suspect that we told her what our potential client was looking for and she turned up Deer Forest Lodge for us.’
‘I’ll have to look in on her some time,’ said Di Ai. ‘How active were you in the operation of the lodge? Did you provide other services as part of the lease? I understand that is common practice.’
‘It is. The fact is, I have a small business of my own as an agency that employs and places various staff members for a number of holiday lodges and houses during the tourist season. And I have several cleaning crews of young people that prepare cottages for the new guests each fifthday during the tourist season. So we could’ve supplied those needs. However, with the transport company being a fairly local business, they provided all the maintenance services themselves. And hired their own cook and handyman as well. And so, after leasing it to them, we had nothing more to do with the lodge than the yearly paperwork concerning the loan and lease.’
‘It must have come as a great shock to discover your client was actually the Seven Syndicate.’
‘Oh, it was, it was. But one can’t be in the business I was in – moving boxes from ship to warehouses – without at least being aware that there’s a criminal organization dealing with smuggled goods. But that said, I was still shocked to find that an interplanetary criminal organization operated here in the Co-op, be it a trucking company or a business lodge. Amazing isn’t it?’
‘It is, and that’s why I’m here. It promises to be an interesting story to tell –  from a failed war in a little world with ties to a lost, and one would think, forgotten seven thousand year old storehouse of weapons in the woods of a throw-back society on a very pleasant, but otherwise unremarkable moon.’
Di Ai seemed satisfied with what – little – she had learned and moved on to more general topics about the real-estate and tourist business of Cav Liu and the Co-op in general. Had she been acting as Lieutenant JG Di Ai, she might have pursued some topics with more vigor, but in her current guise, she probably went as far as she could without raising questions. And, well, my impression was that Mr Liu was being open, honest, and complete as memory would allow.

Dinner, though a “simple” affair, had several courses, and together with dessert and caf on the terrace afterwards, meant that we did not arrive back in Pine Cove until after nine in the evening – late afternoon by the sun. We were all quite exhausted and called it a day. With the sun setting while we slept, sixthday would be a dark day. Cara promised to return to Valsummer House the following day, with Parson insisting that he would send Derque in one of the buggies to collect her. Cely had a “Moonlight Cruise” – though we were the moon and the planet of Vilwaine was the light – the next afternoon to prepare for and conduct. Di Ai and I made arrangements for a picnic – alone. To talk. 



Chapter 08 Reflections


01
It was dark by the time I rolled out of my berth. I had a light breakfast, alone, at the Cove Diner. I had them work up a nice picnic lunch to take along with me.
I walked up to the shop to pick up the buggy and look in on Mactavish.
‘I would imagine that Parson brought you up to speed on what Cara’s inheritance turned out to be,’ I said, as I stepped into the doorway of the workshop to lean against the door frame. I was quite certain that the machine social net was buzzing yesterday.
‘Yes, sir,’ said Mactavish, giving me his robotic blank stare.
‘Any comments?
‘I can’t think of anything enlightening to add at the moment, sir.’
‘I think we know who ordered the bot in box upstairs. We, as in both you and I. Now.’
‘One should not jump to conclusions, sir,’ he replied, unconvincingly.
I let it ride. ‘I hadn’t realized that Captain Mor was not the owner of the shop.’
‘She has a share in it as well. She was a shipmate of Captain Valsummer.’
‘And you?’
‘Bots are technically not allowed to own property, sir.’
‘Technically.’
‘Yes, sir.’ 
‘Oh, well. Mind the shop. I’m going to find out what the Patrol makes of all this.’
‘Have fun, sir.’
‘I hope to.’

I pinged Di Ai at the Grand. She said that she was just going down to breakfast in the cafe, and I should meet her there.
‘G’morning, Di Ai,’ I said, after weaving my way to her table in the temptingly fragrant cafe of the Grand.
‘Morning, d’Mere. Have you had your breakfast yet?’ she replied, waving me to the other chair of her small table.
I was tempted to lie, but admitted, ‘A light one.’
‘A light one?’ she parroted, with a doubting, raised eyebrow.
‘Yes, a light one,’ I replied defiantly. And as the waitress bot approached, I said to it, ‘A glazed doughnut and a cup of caf,’ just as defiantly.
Di Ai laughed. And waving her slice of toast at me, added, ‘You needn’t starve on my account, d’Mere. You need to keep up your strength. You’re a growing boy.’
‘The more I know you, Di Ai, the more I’m convinced that you are, indeed, sent on these crazy missions just to get you out of the office.’
‘Bear that in mind, d’Mere. What do you have planned for us today?’
‘I think we need to talk, and I know of a nice quiet spot in the countryside where we can talk without fear of being overheard. I’ve got a nice, light, picnic lunch in the buggy, so I envision spending the day in the woods and fields of Agrilea.’

‘Just where do you have in mind?’ asked Di Ai, as we took the West Road out of Pine Cove and into the pale-night of the Vilwaine lit day.
‘A favorite little outlook of mine on the Upper Shore Road. I’ll stop there for lunch when work takes me out of Pine Cove. It has a nice view across the fields to the sea. And it’s in the middle of farm country, so we should be able to talk without fear of eavesdroppers.’
She gave me a sidelong look. ‘We’re just talking, aren’t we?’
‘If you say so.’
‘Oh, we’ll see,’ she replied lightly.
I didn’t believe her. 
Half a dozen kilometers out of Pine Cove, I pulled off the narrow road into the tall grass of the ditch. ‘We’re here.’
‘Well, it’s certainly the middle of nowhere,’ she said, looking about as she climbed out of the buggy into the tall grass. 
‘Our picnic spot is on top of the embankment under that tree just ahead. Let me haul the picnic basket up and I’ll be back down to help you up.’
‘Oh, I don't’ think I need your help, d’Mere. Let’s go.’
I slung the basket over my back with its strap and we started up the steep bank, using the clumps of grass to pull ourselves up to the top.  On top, we settled in the long grass in the darkness under the tree and leaned back against the tall stone fence that ran along the top of the embankment.
 ‘This is kinda cozy,’ she allowed, sitting back against the stone fence, shoulder to shoulder with me.
‘Aye, and I like the view. There’s still something in a view without walls that gets to me. I remember my first night in Agrilea, when I really discovered what a world without walls or buildings felt like,’ I said, contemplating the pale blue fields, the black lines of the fence rows, and woods that fell to the shimmering and sparkling sea that stretched away to dark milky blue night sky.
‘So I guess you can tick off a box or two after yesterday,’ I began.
She shrugged. ‘Perhaps.’
‘Perhaps? We certainly know who imported the bot in the box, if not for whom. The Valsummers were unapologetic smugglers of illegal bots. We now know that Valsummer’s been dead for eleven years, and the box has been sitting in a warehouse since them.’
‘I’ll grant you, it is suggestive. However, we don’t jump to conclusions, in my trade. I’m willing to tick off the box “Very Likely,” but not “Certain.”  If only because if it was Valsummer who imported that bot, it is now part of Cara Cere’s estate. Given its market value – and the fact that Parson, and likely your Mactavish, probably know all about that bot – she’ll likely claim it sooner rather than later, since she can without any risk to her. So if we’re patient, we’ll know for certain. Her great grandfather may have been smuggling illegal bots, but as this bot has been officially declared legal, there’s no reason for her not to claim it as an asset of the estate.’
‘True.’
‘Besides, that’s just a side issue. I’m here to identify and locate as much of the Seven Syndicate organization in the Co-op as I can. And for that, yesterday was a delightful gift of the Neb. Oh, there is so much to untangle, so much promise, but once again we must not jump to any conclusions.’
‘It’s hard not to. We now know how the armory was discovered.’
‘Do we?’
‘Of course we do. Valsummer, the bot smuggler, and his pal Cav Liu spent a great deal of time in the hollow. That sheltered airlock was there, in plain sight.’
‘It was plain, if you were looking for it like I was. We don’t know how many fallen rocks were cleared out of the entrance way to make it more accessible and its purpose clearer. The photo we saw didn’t really show more than the top edge.
‘Plus, we must not forget that both Valsummer and Liu likely entered their deer photos from that hollow in those photo-hunting shows. What photos did they display in those shows? It is entirely possible that some of them showed that squared off hollow in the cliff more clearly, and that some member of the Seven Syndicate looked beyond the deer and recognized it for what it was. While it is tempting to say that either Valsummer or Liu discovered the airlock entrance to the armory, we can’t assume that.
‘Moreover, according to Liu, he stopped going up there after the death of Valsummer, so that if the syndicate identified it, they pretty much had free reign of it since then. Though, as I mentioned, we have no evidence of any weapons from that armory being used prior to the aborted war on Carteema, less than two years ago. So it is hard to say what exactly the time line is between its purchase, Valsummer’s death, and the raid on it.’
I considered what she said, and sighed. ‘I suppose it is possible that the photos could be the vector of discovery. However, I doubt there’s a great demand for weapons of war these days, even in the Alantzia, which could explain the gap between its discovery and the use of the weapons from it.’
‘True. But you see, while I think we’re on to something, a great deal of research is still needed to untangle all the threads. To start with, I need to catch a tubetrain for Prime in Carlora to report and research what properties Valsummer owned or had shares in, outside of the Co-op, and to whom Liu sold them to. I can then compare that list to the list of properties that we know the Seven Syndicate owned or had an interest in, to see how close of a match we have between the two sets.’
‘Right.’
‘And when I return, I want to track down the real estate broker, Silha Han, to discover how Valsummer came to be the owner of that parcel of land. Was it by chance, or was he looking to purchase that property specifically?’
‘Does that matter?’
‘We can’t assume that Valsummer didn’t photo-hunt on that land prior to buying it. We can’t assume that Cav Liu was telling the complete truth. And we don’t know if one, or both of those men, have ties to the syndicate. I will say this, if you’re in the business of smuggling, even if it is just runaway sentient machines, you’d likely need some sort of understanding with the Syndicate to do so on Fairwaine, which makes Valsummer an inviting suspect.
‘And then we come to the manner and timing of his death. If he is dead.’
‘If he is dead?’
‘We don’t have a body. Assume nothing, for certain. However, if we speculate that he discovered the armory, we might also speculate that he then approached the Syndicate through his contacts in the import and warehousing business, with an idea of raising funds from it. Given that it seems like the fortunes of the Valsummers were at a low ebb, this is not a very far-fetched idea. And it is also not all that far-fetched to consider that the Syndicate, having obtained the information they needed out of Valsummer, decided that he was a risk they need not take, and eliminated that risk.’
‘In a wild storm at sea?’
‘The perfect cover.’
‘True.’
‘And then there is the wild card.’ She gave me a sidelong glance.
‘Which is?’
‘Which is the fact that there is a shadowy presence in the memory of the Syndicate couriers of a bot in the background. We don’t know how much Parson and the bots were aware of any of the non-bot smuggling, or illegal activities that Valsummer might have been involved in, but we can’t rule out that they might have been – or still are – active participants in Seven Syndicate activities.’
‘Now that seems pretty far fetched, Di Ai. Mactavish said he knew of no bots involved in the Seven Syndicate and I have no reason to doubt him on that point.’
‘He’s shown himself to be capable of evasion, d’Mere. And even if he’s telling you the truth, can bots read each other’s minds? I don’t see why a bot might not partition its AI unit to keep knowledge of illegal activities from seeping into its social stream. But you’re the expert on bots. Is it possible?’
‘Well, I suppose...’
‘And consider the loyalty the Valsummer bots have shown to the family. It is not hard at all to conceive that they would protect Valsummer’s illegal activities. And if you want to get wild, let’s say Valsummer was Seven himself, and that the staff, or one of the staff, is continuing to act in his place. Now, I seriously doubt that, but my point is that yesterday we discovered a knotted ball of threads that might or might not lead to Seven. Now we need to carefully pick those tangled threads apart before we can rule anything out.’
I was silent for a while. I was used to puzzles, but of code, procedures, numbers, and values. All these possibilities were far more nebulous, and had far more hidden values.
‘I’m willing to believe that there may be links between Valsummer and the Syndicate. But how do we approach them with Cara in mind? I mean, we would probably want to be pretty discreet...’ I said.
‘Oh, we’ll have to be very discreet, if only for our own safety. But I have a few questions about Cara Cere as well.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘She took all of yesterday’s remarkable surprises with equally remarkable calmness. It may well be in her character to take the discovery that she owned a large house with nine bots to serve her, and a great grandfather who was a bot smuggler in stride. But the fact of the matter is, we don’t know anything about her. Presumably, Cav Liu employed an agency to track down the heirs of Valsummer, but we don’t know that for certain. We don’t really know anything about Cav Liu either. He could be Seven for all we know, and Cara Cere a new assistant.’
‘Really, Di Ai?’
She laughed. ‘I’m just exploring ideas. If you were to read all those mystery books in the Valsummer library, you’d find that the least likely suspect often turns out to be the criminal. So I’m merely implying that we should keep an open mind. It seems possible that everyone we met yesterday, or heard of, has some connection to the syndicate. If I wasn’t here investigating the possibility of Seven residing in the Co-op, the idea would never have occurred to either of us. But since I believe that the boss, him, her, or itself resides here, the possibilities must be considered. Have you anything to add?’
‘Only that I think we’d know a lot more if a certain bot was a little more candid as to what he knows.’
‘Do you think he’ll talk now?’
‘I asked him this morning, and he wasn’t anymore forthcoming. I think that we’re up against something called loyalty. Parson and his crew, and I suspect, Mactavish as well, feel that they owe a great deal to the Valsummers. And I think they will do what they can to protect the Valsummer reputation.’
‘We don’t need their help. The threads can be picked apart with careful research. Even hidden actions leave traces, if you know where to look for them. Tomorrow I’ll start digging into the affairs of Valsummer and Liu beyond the Co-op, and I may send an inquiry to the Liandra Guards to see if Cara Cere pops up, as well.’ 
‘That seems rather…invasive?’
‘A little. But mystery sparks curiosity.  I can’t afford to leave any stone unturned. If she has not been identified as a threat to social security, it will come back negative, so it’s not all that invasive.’

We continued talking about the events the previous day, and then moved on to this and that, talk of no consequence as we ate our picnic lunch. After which we returned to Pine Cove to “do” High Street, with its knickknack and gift shops, game arcades, galleries, snack shops, and restaurants. 
This was the last week of the official “season.”  The tourists were now beginning to migrate to the southern end of the Carlopian Sea as Fairwaine’s tilted axis of rotation now favored the southern region as it swung around the distant super planet of Vilwaine in its very leisurely orbit of three rotations a year. The Manse already had a vacancy sign up on the gate, and next week more than half of its rooms would be vacant. By the following week, we’d have only a room or two booked, if that. Many of the bright lights of High Street’s shops would be turned off by then. And only those shops that catered to the local residents would be open.
We called it a day around nine – she had to travel in the morning, and I had toasters to repair.



02
I climbed the steps to my room under the eaves and found that Cara had returned, leaving her door open, which I took to mean that she was open to conversation. So I looked in and asked how her day in Valsummer House went.
‘It was… interesting,’ she said, waving me to a chair. ‘And productive. Up to a point.’
‘Interesting and productive – to a point… Hmm.’
‘I know. But that sums it up. I spent several hours just sitting or wandering through the house to get a sense of it. I felt that it being essentially night, I would experience it at its most, shall we say, eeriness.’
‘Was it eerie?’
‘Sort of. Not so much the house, but the fact that it was almost a shrine to great grandfather. A person who is a complete stranger to me, despite being an ancestor. Which made me feel like an intruder. Anyway, after that, and lunch, I had a long talk with Parson and the staff.
‘I explained to them that I had come to Fairwaine in order to simply view my property. I have a life and a career on Liandra that I had not contemplated giving up. However, in view of what I had inherited, I was willing to consider other options.
‘I assured them that since Valsummer House was not going to be a financial burden to me, I would not consider selling it…  Well, selling it, with or without the staff would be a nightmare. So that was off the table. I laid out four options. 
‘First, they could continue to live in the house, as they had been for the last eleven years. I might come and stay with them for a month or two every few years, but essentially they could continue on as they have been since great grandfather died.
‘Alternatively, we could see if we could find a party that would lease the place, long term. I don’t need the income, so it would only be an option if they wanted to serve someone long term.
‘The third option is that we would lease the house by the season, month, or week like other such seasonal rentals. I’m sure that Cav Liu or other such agencies – or even they, themselves – could look after the business end of renting the house out on that basis. It would keep them busy and doing what they were built to do – serving people, if not the Valsummers.
‘And of course the final option would be for me to move here full time. I could do this, since the nature of my work is not dependent on locale. But it would mean a big change in my life, and I’m not certain I care to make that change. At least not yet. I told them that in all but the first case, they would have to let go of great grandfather. They’d have to pack up his personal property, and we’d make changes in his private rooms. I have no intention of living with the ghost of a ghost.’
‘Did you arrive at any decisions?’
‘Well, we eliminated the idea of offering the house on a long term lease idea. As for the other options, of course they favored the plan that had me moving here full time, but the plan of turning Valsummer House into a vacation house, with me visiting the place on a regular basis, appeared to be their second choice. They want something more to do than grow flowers for the house and cook meals for the neighbor, which I understand. I think that, in a way, they would see themselves working for me – or perhaps the family, since I’m sure Cav is right – they see themselves as part of the Valsummer family. In short, they bounced the ball back into my court. I told them I’d think about it over the next few days. And in the meanwhile, we’d see about renovating great grandfather’s rooms. I don’t think there’s too much else I would change about the house, at this point. 
‘The house seems to have been built for a large family, that I gather, it has never entertained. And it seems, being a Valsummer, myself, I’m unlikely to change that either, since besides my mother, and an aunt somewhere in the drifts, I don’t have a family. But perhaps, if I grow to consider the staff as family, as Cav suggested,  they will fill up the house like it was meant to be.’
‘I think you’re wise not to make a hasty decision,’ I said, thinking of Cely. ‘There’s a lot to consider, not the least of which is that Pine Cove will be changing. This is the last week of the tourist season. There will be stragglers around for a few more weeks. People who don’t mind the cooler temperatures, and like the relative solitude. But within three weeks, many of the shops will close, and Pine Cove will revert to a very quiet, slow paced little town. You might like it. You might hate it. So, if you’re not pressed for time, I really think that you should stay on until then to experience the whole Pine Cove life before you chart your next course of action. 
‘I have to admit,’ I added, ‘That I envy you and your Valsummer House. It’s not only very special, but I love all the spaceship models. I would imagine that I could be quite comfortable living there, and here in Pine Cove, someday, if it were mine. But not now. I’m too restless to settle down. Perhaps it’s the same with you – if for different reasons. That this is not your time for Valsummer House, but it may, someday, suit you.’
‘Oh, it would probably suit me now. But so does my current home. Still, perhaps you’re right. I do need to give Pine Cove more time, and see what it is like without all the tourists. Luckily, I do have the time. I could afford to live at Valsummer on a trial basis for a month or so before making up my mind.’
‘I think that would be a good idea. I know we would love to have you around. And even if you decide not to live here permanently, then to have you a regular visitor would be great,’ I said, careful to use “we,”  hoping she’d get the implication. ‘In any event, if there is anything Cely and I can do for you, you need only ask.’
She laughed. ‘Oh, I have far more willing helpers than I will ever need! I have a staff now. But thanks. I’ll keep yours, and Cely’s offer in mind. I’m sure things will come up – things the bots can’t do on their own – then I’ll likely take up your offer.’



03
The eastern sky was bright with the new long day firstday when I rolled around to the Cove Diner for breakfast with the gang. The talk around the table was about the new owner of Valsummer House. Cely and I – and mostly I – recounted our little adventures – finding the abandoned driveway, the foo dog greeting, and a description of the house and staff. 
We then heard stories of various encounters with Captain Valsummer. He was considered a reclusive “character,” but his death and time seemed to have given him a pass for his eccentricities and abrupt manners. It was known – in Pine Cove folklore, at least – that Valsummer House employed a full staff of bots. However, only Derque, the chauffeur, employed to pick up supplies from local merchants, and Alli, the gardener who exchanged seeds and gardening tips with other avid gardeners were known firsthand to most, as visits to the old ‘Valsummer Place’ were rare.
‘You were rather quiet back there,’ I said to Cely, as we walked up the still dark and quiet High Street for the shop.
He shrugged.
‘You’re still rather quiet. A lover’s tiff?’
‘Hardly. Cara Cere has been very wonderful, don’t you think?’
‘Yes. So what’s your problem?’
‘She’s wonderful to everyone. Equally. Blast and dance, she treats me just as she treats everyone else, though I’m certain I must annoy her in some ways. Plus, I’m sure she can read me like a book. That alone should annoy her if my interest in her is unwelcome. And if it isn’t, you’d think she'd make that clear, however subtly.’
‘I don’t think that’s a given. You’ve only known her for a week. Hardly enough time to come to any decisions, especially since she has so much on her mind.’
‘It didn’t take me a week...’
‘Well, maybe Cara isn’t as hot blooded as you are, Cely. Don’t be so impatient. Give her time to fall under the spell of Cely Tydmare and Pine Cove.’
‘Yes, yes, I know. I will. It’s just that...’ He trailed off again.
‘That she’s suddenly something different than she was two days ago? Now that she’s the owner of Valsummer House?’
‘I spent most of my career as a purser on an interplanetary liner dealing with wealthy people. Only wealthy people can afford to travel between the planets outside of a stasis-pod. I’m not intimidated by them. And I can tell you that Cara is not a wealthy person. Sure, she arrived here in a pod. She has to be well off to be able to travel here, but not really wealthy. Inheriting the old Valsummer Place doesn’t change that, except...’
‘Except?’
‘Except that if she stays, she’ll be someone around Pine Cove. She’ll be the new Valsummer, with a big house and a staff of nine bots serving her. And I’m...’
‘Someone too. A well known, and well liked man about town, who’s been around the solar system, and knows more than a thing or two about life, and life outside of Pine Cove.’
‘Ain’t the same, mate.’
We reached the shop. The door unlocked, and I ushered Cely into the dark showroom. There was a light in the backroom where Mactavish was no doubt sorting parts.
‘Morning, Mac,’ I called out.
‘Good morning, sir,’ he replied.
‘What’s it look like for today?’
‘Four jobs. Two of them farm jobs. It should keep you busy, sir.’
‘Ah. Then it falls to you to cheer up Cely. He is somewhat downhearted. Milady Cara is too kind to him. He has got it into his head that means that she doesn’t care for him.’
‘Really, Rafe!’
‘Oh, Mac is the soul of discreteness. Your secrets are safe with Mac. Am I right?’
‘Yes sir.’
‘Have you ever been in love, Mac?’ I asked, with a laugh.
‘Countless times, sir.’
‘Really? Bots fall in love?’
‘Yes, sir.’
‘I guess I never really thought about it. Or asked that question of a bot before. It must be somewhat different for you guys, though.’
‘Oh, I don’t know. Since we don’t need to reproduce or experience physical pleasure, we don’t need to be within proximity of each other. I am currently quite fond of Flora, a hotel business manager in Moss Falls, on the far southern end of the Carlopian Sea.’
‘Really?’ Mactavish had a dry sense of humor, so I had my doubts… ‘Have you ever seen her?’
‘Hardly necessary, sir. She’s a Lifeform Corporation Model Premium V738+. You can look up that model if you care to. Love for us, is a matter of communication, which can be conducted at any distance within the Co-op.’
‘I suppose. Well, then, what advice do you have to offer to Cely, from your twelve thousand years of falling in and out of love?’
Mactavish appeared in the doorway and leaning against the door frame, said, ‘Falling in love is like falling off of a cliff with the bottom shrouded in mist. There is little difference between falling and flying, so enjoy flying, while you can, sir. Worrying about the landing only diminishes the joy of flight.’
‘You know what you’re full of, don’t you Mac?’ hissed Cely.
‘Yes, sir,’ replied Mactavish. ‘Electro-mechanical parts, cables, and a silicon head and heart.’ And with that, he disappeared back into the workshop. 
‘Oh, come on, Cely. It’s only been a week. Give her, and yourself, time.’
‘It’s only been a week between you and Vaun. And look at the difference.’
Well, it was more than a week. But not that much more. Still… ‘The difference is that in a couple of weeks, at most, Vaun will be back in a pod bound for VanTre. The bottom for us is in sight. We don’t have time to play coy. We have to have fun – but not too much fun – before we reach the bottom. And, at least for Vaun, it isn’t love, its infatuation, or perhaps just kindness, and I know it. But like Mac said, I’m going to enjoy the fall while I can. But you have long term prospects, so it pays to be patient, and persistent.’
He sighed. ‘Dash and blast, I believe that we have things in common, but she keeps her life to herself.’
‘What do you have in common?’
‘Well… This is just between you and me… And Mac. You got that Mac?’
‘Yes, sir.’ he called back from the workshop
‘She says that she works for Alantzia Entertainment Unlimited, in some undefined capacity. So do I. But every time I bring up Alantzia Entertainment, she slides out of talking about it, leaving me with the prospect of revealing my secret without any assurances that she will share hers.’
‘Your secret? What do you have to do with Alantzia Entertainment?’
He paused, shook his head, and said, ‘Let’s just say that I produce some serial content for them. Nothing special, nothing big, but I’ve been doing it for many years. Blast and dance, I’m not embarrassed about it, but I take it seriously, and I don’t think the gang around town would. So I’ve kept it to myself all these years. Never mentioned it to anyone – so if I hear rumors of it, I’ll know the source,’ he added, giving me a hard glance.
‘My lips are sealed, And so are Mac’s. Right?’
‘Of course, sir.’
‘Well, I’ve got to go. I have to get the Blue Belle ready for another charter. After this week, things should really slow down. Hopefully, I’ll be able to help Cara in whatever she decides to do.’
‘That’s the spirit. You’d never forgive yourself if you didn’t lift on all rockets to win her heart. Blast and lift, Cely. Blast and lift.’
‘And I’m going to be ever so polite,’ he said, as he turned to leave, adding under this breath, ‘By the jewels of Janipar, I’ll be ever so polite and helpful.’



04
The following three days were uneventful. Di Ai remained in Fairwaine Prime uncovering the businesses of Valsummer and Cav Liu. Cara spent time each day at Valsummer house, and announced to Alla and I that she’d be leaving the Manse on fifthday to spend several weeks living in her new home while she decided what to do about it. And Cely spent several hours each day, between sailings gigs, with Cara, being very polite and as helpful as he could be.
‘I’d be so sick of me that I’d run at the first sight of me,’ he told me as we left the diner after our fourth day breakfast, which regularly included a sweet roll again, ‘But she hasn’t and remains ever so polite and grateful.’
‘If that ain’t love, I don’t know what is.’
‘I don’t know what it is either,’ he said, with a shake of his head. ‘Blast and dash.’
Di Ai returned on the late afternoon train on fourthday. I walked down to the station to meet her train. It was the early morning of another long, bright day. The last of the tourist season. There was an air of imminent departure on High Street, though the last of the summer people where doing their best to ignore it.
‘You’re looking beautiful today, Di Ai,’ I said as she stepped down to the platform.
‘Why thank you, d’Mere. I could get used to this,’ she said with a smile. ‘I must admit you’re a welcome sight as well.’
‘Think about it.’
‘Oh, I’m sure I will. In the meanwhile, I had a rather hasty lunch, and find I’m rather hungry. Do you think we could have an early dinner?’ she added with a teasing sidelong glance.
‘Beautiful and kind. This is my lucky day,’ I replied, falling in step beside her. ‘Why don’t we grab something to eat at the Cellar. We can probably find a cozy nook to catch up on our news.’
‘You have news?’
‘Not really. Cara is moving out to Valsummer to give it a couple of weeks trial before deciding what she wants to do. And Cely is in dogged pursuit, trying to out polite her.’
‘Out polite her?’
I explained Cely’s dilemma. ‘By the way, did you find anything about the polite and mysterious Cara Cere?’
She shook her head. ‘Only that nothing came back from Liandra’s Guard, which is not surprising. I did ping port entry records at Fairwaine Port and she did arrive here from Liandra three weeks ago, so I’ve decided that whatever she is, she’s authentic. But I’ll save the rest for dinner.’
We found a small table set in a hollow against the inner stone wall of the cellar, and setting our trays down, we slid into facing seats. Di AI was hungry and attacked her sausage sandwich, so I could eat my own without guilt. Only after we had satisfied our initial hunger, did I ask, ‘So what kept you in Fairwaine Prime for a whole week?’
‘Business records, Guard records, and Patrol records. I had to identify the various Valsummer business interests, and Cavish Liu’s as well. I needed to track down their various sale dates and to whom. I then had to comb through Guard and Patrol records to search for links that would tie them to the Seven Syndicate. All of which takes time.’
‘I can see that. So what did you find?’
‘I found all the Valsummer business interests that Liu sold, were approved by the Co-op court that appointed him administrator of the Valsummer estate. While there were some sales that were tinged with Seven Syndicate involvement – the warehouse where the bot in the box was found is now considered a full subsidiary of the Seven Syndicate – none of the sales indicated any pattern favoring the Syndicate. The Syndicate has its fingers all through the import, export, warehousing, and shipping business out of the various spaceports of Fairwaine, so that selling shares in companies in those areas naturally have a fair likelihood of some Seven Syndicate involvement. So, a week’s long story, short, though some of the Valsummer’s various business interests likely found their way into the Seven Syndicate portfolio, no more than what one could expect from the random sale of those interests on Fairwaine. They were all sold for court approved, fair prices. 
‘I then read back through the Patrol reports concerning the Valsummer for several generations. The Patrol had pegged them as prime suspects in the smuggling of illegal sentient machines from the Avalee System to the drifts and Fairwaine, but did not have the critical volume of proof necessary to make charges. The last suspected transportation of a bot, was prior to Captain Targen’s time, when the last of their interstellar ships were sold off. But that doesn’t mean that he didn’t arrange transport for bots, it’s just that none were detected. And, of course, Fairwaine being Fairwaine, smuggling bots was not seen as a top priority in its Patrol office. As I said when I first arrived, the bot in the box was mostly sent along to get it out of their hair. My feeling is that we can close the Valsummer smuggling files with the end of Targen Valsummer. Unless I turn up something more than we have now.’
‘How likely is that, now that you’ve seen the reports.’
‘From what I have at present, I don’t anticipate it going anywhere. But I still have some threads to unravel. We’ll see.’
‘Don’t forget that caller I talked to about it. I’m pretty sure that wasn’t Cara Cere.’
‘I haven’t. But I have no reason to believe that Valsummer hadn’t arranged a new home for the bot. He certainly didn’t need another one around the house. So the call may’ve been legitimate, if rather misleading.’
‘True.’
‘I also investigated the non-Co-op businesses of Cav Liu. He did, indeed, own a small lighter business, of some eight lighters. And he sold it to his son and daughter who operate to this day. There are no black marks against it by either the Patrol or the Guard.’
‘So the link between Valsummer, the armory, and the Seven Syndicate is…?’
‘Tenuous at present. As a smuggler of bots, with shares in various warehouses and import and export houses, plus ownership shares in ships trading in the drifts, the Valsummers were bound to be familiar with some of the operations of the Seven Syndicate. Indeed, they likely had some business dealings with them, if only paying an operating tax to the Syndicate. However, the only direct link between Targen Valsummer and known elements of the Seven Syndicate is Deer Forest Lodge that they purchased for Kashin and Agrilea Transport Company. And the link between that company and the Seven Syndicate was not established until the events of three months ago, so it was likely a very low key involvement in those operations.. Seeing that the lease was concluded 34 years ago, it seems unlikely that he and Liu knew of the Seven Syndicate involvement in that trucking company.’
‘So it seems that we’re back to where we were a week ago.’
‘Not quite. I still have some leads that I need to follow up on,’ she said, and holding up a hand began to tick them off on her fingers. I want to contact their real estate broker, Silha Han to see if Valsummer wanted that particular property that had the armory. If he did, that might be a red flag. I need to contact Cav Liu and have him send along photos of the hollow to see how clearly the entryway to the armory could be seen, if you were looking for it. I’d also like for him to identify any photos from the hollow that were publicly displayed, to see if it is possible that a photo-hunting show is the vector of discovery. And I do want research the Co-op holdings of both Valsummer and Liu just to be thorough. I also want to look over the Constabulary reports concerning the boating incident that led to the death of Targen Valsummer. And,’ she moved to her other hand, ‘I want to get back to searching for Rendezvous House, assuming there is nothing to follow up on those other inquiries.’
‘All of which can wait for firstday,’ I ventured, hopefully.
She smiled. ‘I work regular hours as an intelligence analyst and I put in some long hours this week. So yes, I’m off duty until firstday.’
‘Excellent! I exclaimed.



05
After dinner we followed the beach out to Pine Point in the bright evening. And as we sat against a driftwood log, I asked, ‘Would you mind it I looked you up on VanTre after I’m done here?’
‘Old friends are always welcome, as long as we understand our priorities at this point in our lives. Why do you ask?’
‘Mactavish compared falling in love to jumping off a cliff. If you don’t see the onrushing bottom, falling can be experienced as soaring – exhilaration. Now, I’m well aware of the bottom, but if you’re willing to see me again, once you leave, if you’re willing to remain friends, well, it will make that bottom a lot more distant.’
‘So you’re turning to a sentient machine for advice about love? Really, d’Mere.’
‘He’s had twelve thousand years of living and loving. He should know something about it. If only from observing the humans that he served for thousands of years.’
‘And the best he could come up with was love is like falling off a cliff?’
‘Well, we didn’t get all that deep into the subject.’
She gave me a sidelong glance. ‘I think you need to figure it out by yourself.’
‘Are you in love, Di Ai? Have you figured it out?’
‘No.’
‘No to both?’
She smiled, ‘As I said, you have to figure that out by yourself. But really, d’Mere, one of us needs to keep their wits about them. We’ve covered this ground before. I can’t help that you’ve jumped off a cliff. But if you want to land without too much pain, make it a low cliff.’
I sighed. ‘You’re every bit as evasive as Cara Cere.’
‘Mysterious. Every bit as mysterious.’
‘But a lot more annoying.’

The following morning, fifthday, Cara invited Di Ai and me to a small housewarming party on sixthday – the day she was moving in for her trial period. Cely would be there, as well as Alla Bonts and her husband Bren, and Cav Liu. 
Fifthday was the day of the big exodus. There were still people arriving for their week or two – people who appreciated the slower pace of Pine Cove in the off season before it became too chilly – but mostly it was people leaving. There was an air of sadness, mixed with relief around the breakfast table. But it was all part of the pattern of life in Pine Cove. I drove out to one farm in the morning, and that was it for the day. I spent the rest of it with Di Ai. 
The staff of Valsummer House put on a great feast for Cara on the following day. She assured us that she only ordered a modest affair, but perhaps she didn’t understand the scale of the affairs of the ancient Valsummers, and the lavish feast was what they considered modest, though I think they were just having fun doing what they were originally designed to do, in the style they were designed to do it in. Sixthday was a dark day, so that even though the gathering started in the afternoon, it had the air of an elegant night affair, that ended with caf or wine on the terrace overlooking the line of shimmering sea beyond the bluff.
Di Ai got her photos from Cav and, in character, got a firsthand description of it as he remembered it. From the photos and description, it did appear that quite a few of the fallen boulders had been removed to facilitate entry since he was last there with Cap’n Tar, which made identifying the shallow cave entryway easier for Di Ai when she discovered it nearly three months ago. 
‘I booked an appointment with Silha Han tomorrow at 9:00. Would you have time in the morning to drive me up to Sandy Harbor? If you can wait for me, you can drop me off at the rail station in High Hill and I’d catch the mid-morning train to Carlora from there.’
‘What’s in Carlora that you need to go there again?’
‘The Constabulary report on Valsummer’s accidental death. And the records of Valsummer’s and Liu’s local business dealings.’
‘Right. Give me a moment, and I’ll ping Mactavish to see what my day’s looking like.’ Which I did.
‘Pretty light. Nothing pressing, I’ll pick you up at 8:30.’

She was waiting for me when I arrived.
‘Oh! I get to ride in the Fix-it-all Shop van. This is a thrill.’
‘Morning, Di Ai. And I have a farm job that I can cover on the way back. So, yes, you got lucky today.’
Sandy Harbor was the largest town on Cape Zarn, a long thin peninsula that stuck out into the sea about 20 kilometers north of Pine Cove. I had some business there, but not much. Han’s office in Sandy Harbor was an unpretentious half of a narrow building on Sandy Harbor’s version of High Street – Cape Road.
‘Thanks for the lift. I’ve got all I need in my bag, so you needn’t wait. I’m sure I can summon a taxi, or rent a bike to get me to the rail station in High Hill.’
‘Oh, I have time yet. I’ll give you half an hour.’
She was back out of the door in five minutes.
‘That was quick,’ I said as she climbed into the buggy again. ‘I take it you girls didn’t bond.’
‘You can say that. Han had a nicely polished professional smile and demeanor when I arrived, but she shut me down almost curtly after I had explained my mission. She didn’t remember. Yes, Valsummer and Liu were clients, but she had many others. And well, professional ethics prevented her from saying more than that. I don’t like her.’
I smiled. ‘You’re usually not annoying right from the start.’
She gave me a sidelong glance and returned my smile. ‘I’m never annoying right from the start. No, she shut me down too fast and hard. I think I’m going to add one Silha Han to my list of people and property to investigate. If she has secrets, I’m going to find them.’
‘Do you think she does?’
‘You know, I think she does.’
‘Based on?’
‘My intuition.’
‘And a little polite spite.’
‘Yes, that too,’ she said with a wide smile. ‘Don’t cross me, d’Mere.’
‘I won’t dream of it.’



Chapter 09 The Bot in the Box



01
I dropped Di Ai at the station in High Hill, drove out to the farm, and then spent the rest of the day working on three jobs in Pine Cove.
When I arrived back in the shop late in the afternoon, Mactavish said, ‘Milady Cere just pinged to see if you were in. I told her you would be back shortly. She said that in that case, she would be coming around to see you on a professional matter.’
‘Do you know what this professional matter involves?’
‘She did not say, sir.’
‘Really, Mac, somewhere in your long existence you’ve picked up the bad habit of being needlessly, and I might add, ineffectively, evasive. I asked you if you knew what this was all about, and you replied that she didn’t say, which is not, as you well know, answering my question.’
‘The answer is implied in my response, sir.’
‘Perhaps, if you were a human. But you’re not. I have no doubt that Parson could’ve easily tipped you off as to what Milady Cere wants to see me about. And the fact that you were evasive tells me that he did. So, again, what’s Cara coming to see me about?’
‘I suggest, sir, that you ask her, as Mr Tydmare’s buggy has just pulled up in front of the shop.’
I glanced back to see that he was correct, and then back to Mactavish. ‘I’m telling Captain Mor on you when she returns.’
‘Very good, sir.’
I greeted them as Cely ushered Cara through the door. And turning to Cara, I said, ‘Mac tells me that there’s something I can do for you.’
She nodded. ‘I’ve been told that you have an item here for me. Me as in the heir to the estate of Targen Valsummer.’
‘Ah, yes, I’d not be surprised to find that we do have something here for Captain Valsummer,’ I replied, looking back to Mactavish. His evasiveness had already tipped me off – intentionally or otherwise. ‘I suspect that we have a crate upstairs that your great grandfather may have ordered. However, to claim it, I understand that we’ll need to see proof of ownership in the form of a redemption code.’
‘I believe I have that here,’ she said, handing me a folded slip of thick paper. ‘This is what Parson told me to present to you.’
Unfolding it, it contained just a long string of numbers, which I turned to hand to Mactavish. ‘Please verify this code, Mactavish.’
Turning back to Cara and Cely, I said. ‘All this occurred long before my arrival here. For whatever reason, the package was to be delivered here and then called for by the owner. Strangely enough, the box only arrived several weeks ago, after sitting in a Fairwaine Prime warehouse for eleven years. For some unknown reason. Since you like mysteries, Cara, you have another one.’
‘Really? Parson was vague as to what this involved. He suggested I should collect this item, but more than that, he could not, or would not say. Indeed, he made it sound very mysterious.’
‘Mactavish has been very mysterious about this shipment as well. That is the correct code, Mac?’ I asked, looking back at him.
‘Yes, sir.’
‘Right. Mac and I will bring down your shipment and, if you want, we can perhaps get to the bottom of this mysterious package.’
‘Anything more you care to tell me?’ I asked Mactavish, as we walked up the stairs.
‘No, sir.’
‘Evasive to the end.’
‘No. I know nothing more about this than you do, sir. Captains Valsummer and Mor made all the arrangements concerning this shipment. I merely recorded the code.’
‘So the code was just a ruse.’
‘It was felt that it was a necessary one. Or at least that’s how the game was played. Once Valsummer ships stopped sailing between Avalee and Alantzia, the special services the Valsummers had long offered were greatly curtailed. Captain Valsummer had no direct hand in the transportation of this shipment, and no doubt felt that it would be prudent to keep a certain discreet distance from it, should it prove to be compromised in some way. That, at any rate, is our best guess. Captain Valsummer kept his own consul on matters such as these.’
‘Hmm...’ Di Ai might find that tidbit interesting. ‘Do you know anything about the ultimate customer? Apparently there was one.’
‘No, sir. That came out of the blue. But as I said, Captain Valsummer kept matters like this to himself. Parson doesn’t know any more about this than we do.  So it is, indeed, possible that there was some sort of agreement regarding the ultimate destination of the bot once it arrived in the Co-op.’
‘Well, let’s see what we have here,’ I said as we entered the spare room where we stored the crate. In the light gravity of Fairwaine, we easily lifted it and hauled it down to the workshop table.
‘By the rings of Pharrella, another bot!’ exclaimed Cely on seeing the shape of the crate.
‘Oh, my,’ said Cara, somewhat dismayed.
‘Shall we open up the crate and take a look at it? I should add that there is nothing to be alarmed about. The documents say that it is a legal bot, from the Avalee system, which makes it a totally legal bot. At least here in the Co-op.’
‘We might as well,’ said Cara, adding, more to herself than us, ‘I don’t know what I’m going to do with another bot...’
‘You may have a customer, or at least a new home for this one,’ I said, and as I began to unseal the crate, I told her about the inquiry I had a week or so ago.
‘I couldn’t sell a sentient bot,’ she said, shaking her head. ‘But what could I do with it?’
‘Sentient machines are sold, for the appearance of legality. However, I don’t know just how it works behind the scene, but I’m sure Parson would know.’
‘Yes, I suppose he would. Parson knows everything,’ she said with a faint smile. ‘When he chooses to.’
‘Let’s see what you have here,’ I said, undoing the last of the seals of the crate, and lifting the lid off with the help of Mactavish. Removing the packing revealed that, sure enough, there was a bot in the box – a bot of dull silver in a subtly female form. 
‘Looks like a she-bot. We’ll get it on the table and have a look inside to see just what you have,’ I said, with a nod to Mactavish. Together we lifted the bot out of the box, its flexible components smoothly shifting as we lifted and placed it beside its crate on the work table. After removing the box, I took out my tool kit, found the chest-plate latches under the arms, and then deactivated the remaining magnets that held it to the body. Once the chest-plate was off, it revealed the main components of the bot – the micro-reactor power supply, and the AI unit and memory module set in a complex cluster of servo-motors and cables. 
‘Right,’ I said, and leaning over the bot, I read the manufacturing details on the cover over the AI component. ‘It looks like we have a Servomax Robotic Company of Delvar of the planet Liandra, Alantzia… Now, that’s very strange. It appears that this bot was originally manufactured right here in the Alantzia system…’
‘Why is that strange? Asked Cara.
‘Because the import documents say it was imported from the planet of Kilmara in the Avalee system.’
‘So?’
‘It just strikes me strange that any Alantzia firm was exporting bots to one of the First Worlds back in the day. What does our database tell us, Mac?’
‘Do you have the model number and serial number, sir?’
‘Its model 7437 and the serial number is...’  I read off the string of numbers.
‘This is a class 4 clerical assistant bot, manufactured by the Servomax Robotic Company 7,032 years ago at their facility in Delvar, Liandra,’ said Mactavish who had direct access to the robotic database we maintained.
‘Really, Mac?’
‘Yes, sir.’
‘Which means that this is a straight legal robot manufactured well after the revolution,’ I said, turning to Cara.
‘You sound surprised.’
‘Well, yes. Very, in fact. First of all, it was listed as an antique bot, which, while it is, certainly, old…  Well, it's my understanding that the term “antique,” when applied to bots here in the Co-op, is usually applied to pre-machine revolution bots that had, or have since developed, a sense of self. In short, a sentient machine.
‘In addition, given your family’s history, I expected to find that this was once a sentient capable machine. Sure, it would’ve had a legal level AI unit installed in the normal slot, like we have here. However, the machine would have been modified to hold a second AI unit to house the illegally advanced one that would actually control the machine where it would be conveniently out of sight of the casual inspector in order to pass inspection. However, this robot is, and always has been a legal class 4 or below robot. That being the case, I can’t see any reason for all these precautions. I have to admit, I’m at a loss,’ I said, shaking my head.
‘Can you modify a class 4 bot to accommodate this second slot?’ she asked. ‘Just like they would’ve done, had this originally been a sentient level machine?’ 
‘Yes, though it would be rare to do so, as these machines were not usually built to the same quality standard of the more expensive sentient level machines The only circumstances that I can think of, would be if a sentient machine’s original body was permanently unavailable. That might be the case here. We’ll know if a second AI slot is installed, once we go over this machine to verify that it is in proper working order. 
‘However, even if there is a slot, the illegal AI unit would likely not be installed, just in case some overzealous inspector decided to actually look for one. Unlikely here on Fairwaine, but it could happen somewhere during its journey. If that’s the case, I would think that your great grandfather would have that AI unit stashed away somewhere. Parson would know.’
‘Parson did not mention anything about that, when it informed me about this bot.’
‘So what do you say, Mactavish?’ I said, giving him a hard look. ‘Do you have any insights to add to this conversation?’
‘I am as surprised as you are, sir. I have brought up the specs of the model 7437 machine, and this machine matches it exactly. It is exactly what it says it is.’
‘Do you think it's been modified to accept an orphaned AI?’
‘I don’t expect it has been, sir. However, the possibility should probably be explored.’ 
I turned to Cara. ‘As I said, I can go through the bot to make sure all the components are up to spec. I’d find the slot, if there is one. But more importantly, knowing what you know now, should you want to put the bot up for sale, and seeing that it's a mere machine, there’s no reason not to, it would probably be a good idea to make sure it's working up to spec.’
She nodded. ‘What would be the market price for a bot like this?’
I turned to Mactavish, who said, ‘About half a million scrip points, milady. However, the full price is rarely paid upon delivery. The usual terms are half down, with periodic payments thereafter until paid in full.  It often takes decades to finish paying for a bot. Bots are a major investment in the Co-op, and even older bots, such as this one, can be expected to last tens of generations.’
‘Half a million scrip points is approximately how many Unity credits?’ 
‘A scrip point is worth about half a Unity credit, milady.
‘My, that’s something to think about. I’ll certainly have to consult Parson about this.’
‘Yes, I would,’ I said. ‘And have a long serious talk, since if anyone knows about this bot, it would be Parson.’
She nodded. ‘In any event, Rafe, do go through the bot to make sure it hasn’t been modified and that it's in proper working order. I’ll have to figure out what to do with it.’
‘No hurry. We can keep it here until you decide whether to keep it or sell it. And I suspect that we’ll be hearing from the person who pinged me regarding this bot, once word gets about that the Valsummer heir has arrived.’



02
I had all the bot’s access panels off, and found no modifications. 
‘What do you say, Mac? Any idea what, if anything, is going on here?’
‘I must confess that I am at a loss, sir. I had, like you, expected a sentient machine.’
‘Had Parson?’
‘I could not say, sir.’
‘Really? Could not, or will not?’
‘Could not. As you know, Parson and the entire staff are devoted to the Valsummer family. Every family has its secrets, and we keep them. Parson may or may not know more about this bot than he had revealed to me. However, I have appraised him of our findings, and his response was a simple acknowledgment.’
‘It strikes me, Mac, that perhaps we should not take the documentation on the crate at face value,’ I said. ‘It seems unlikely that this bot came all the way from Kilmara. I doubt that any Alantzia firm was exporting robots back in the day.’
‘I have a feeling, sir,  that we shouldn’t take anything about this bot at face value. And yet, perhaps we’re looking for a mystery where there is none. It is not inconceivable that a robot would find its way to the Avalee system over the course of thousands of years of service to perhaps many owners. And it is not inconceivable that Captain Valsummer would have come across it, knowing his fondness for bots. He may have acquired this bot simply to resell it in the course of his regular business dealings. Indeed, he may well have had a potential buyer in mind. He was not one to turn down credits if they came his way. Plus, it appears from the dates that he may have simply died before he could arrange to deliver it. The call we received would suggest that is the case. The simplest explanation is often the best.’
I glanced across the workbench to him. ‘You know, you said that almost like you believed it. But since it is a legal bot, why the coded delivery?’
He gave his little shrug. ‘I could not say, sir. Perhaps old habits die hard. Sir.’
‘I’m sure they do, Mac. Especially in bots.’



03
Di Ai returned on seconday’s late afternoon train. It was dark by the time the train arrived and I picked her up at the station.
‘What did you discover?’ I asked, as we walked out into the beginning of the long dark night and day. High Street was noticeably quiet, almost deserted, despite all the brightly lit shops, arcades, and food places that were still open for the dregs of the summer season.
She gave a careless shrug. ‘A lot of very boring and un-illuminating information, and one rather intriguing surprise.’
‘And that was?’
‘Oh, I think, I’ll save that for last.’
‘Then the boring stuff.’
‘I spent a lot of time tracking down the business dealings of Valsummer, Cav Liu and Silha Han. I was curious to see how extensively intertwined they were.’
‘To discover what?
‘If they were out of character. For example, Silha Han was mentioned rather casually. Seeing how uncooperative she was, I wondered just what the extent of her involvement with Valsummer and Liu was. I also wanted to look at the extent of Valsummer’s and Liu’s businesses together. In short, I was interested in seeing if they were far more extensive than one might suppose. And if they were out of scale for the type of business operations that Liu implied that might suggest Seven Syndicate credits.’
‘And?’
She shook her head. ‘Nothing stood out. The Valsummer/Liu partnership owns three other properties. Valsummer has shares in the Fix-it-all Shop and two similar operations down the coast, supporting Liu’s claim that he looked after old shipmates. However, most of his shares were in businesses outside of the Co-op, which Liu sold.
‘Cav Liu does own a service staffing business that employs ten to twenty people in the season, and several part time cleaning crews in the season. He bought into the Co-op when he retired from his lighter business, 47 years ago. 
‘Silha Han bought into the Co-op 93 years ago, and has operated as a land broker ever since. I counted a little over five hundred deals she brokered during that time. I don’t know enough about the business to know if that rate is normal, or not, but she seemed to concentrate on the more expensive properties, so that her income is roughly in line with what you would expect. She also owns seven rental properties plus her own house. She rents her office.’
‘In short everything seems to be as it should be.’
‘So what was the intriguing surprise?’
‘Guess who the last person to see Targen Valsummer alive was,’ she said, with a sidelong glance and a teasing smile.
‘Given who you were investigating and assuming Cav Liu would’ve mentioned it when talked about it, I’ll say Silha Han.’
‘Correct. Apparently he was visiting her at her house west of Sandy Harbor on Cape Zarn when he decided to sail home before the approaching storm. She claimed to have tried to dissuade him, but he laughed and told her not to worry, he’d be safely home before the storm hit, and if not, he knew how to deal with the storm.
‘The theory is that with the storm coming out of the east, he would’ve been sailing along the lee shore and got caught in the leading squall and wind-driven storm surge. This storm surge can raise great waves when it starts to reach the shallows of the coast – waves 10 to 20 meters high. High enough, and violent enough to have flipped and tumbled his sailboat over many times before ending up high on shore. It is assumed that Captain Valsummer’s body got buried in the shifting sand somewhere along the coast.’
‘Well, that might explain her reaction when you started to ask questions about Captain Valsummer.’
‘Maybe. But it also ties her closer together with Valsummer and Cav Liu than just a land broker with whom they’ve done business.. Reading between the lines of the Constabulary report, one could gather that Valsummer was a good friend, if not in a more significant relationship with Silha Han, and as such, was a frequent visitor to her house.’
‘So?’ I asked. ‘Does that change anything?’
She shrugged. ‘Only to the extent that if we care to link either Valsummer or Cav Liu to the Seven Syndicate in some way, we should probably include Silha Han in that equation as well.
‘But I thought that you’ve pretty much eliminated Valsummer as a link to the syndicate, at least intentionally.’
‘I had. But if you toss in Silha Han to the mix, well, that changes things a bit. Silha Han has run a wide-ranging business for nearly a century, dealing with the type of properties the Seven Syndicate might be interested in – even if only as investment properties. She has a lot of contacts, and if I’m correct and Seven resides in this area, she may well have dealt with them herself. In short, she has the potential to tie a lot of loose thread together, so she shouldn’t be overlooked.’ 
‘And you don’t like her.’ I said, giving her a sidelong look.
‘No, I don’t. But I think I have legitimate reasons to consider her a possible link between the Seven Syndicate and the armory.’
‘So what are you going to do about it?’
She laughed. ‘That’s the problem. I haven’t a clue. My orders allow me to only poke around the background of the case, And I am limited by my guise as a media research assistant as to what information I can pursue and still stay in character. And I’ve gone just about as far down that road as I can for now.’
‘So what’s next?’
‘It’s back to my original plan of locating Rendezvous House with one modification. I’ll include the properties owned by the Valsummer gang.’
‘And if that turns up nothing?’
She gave a little shrug. ‘There’s still the bot in the box mission to keep me here.’
‘Ah, that’s my big news...’ I began, and filled her in on yesterday’s events.
‘So it was indeed, a legal bot.’
‘A post machine-revolution legal robot manufactured on Liandra. It’s a minor mystery why Valsummer was even dealing with such a low level robot. He wasn’t known as a dealer or importer of bots. The other little mystery is, did the robot really arrive from the Kilmara in the Avalee system, since the Servomax Robotic Company probably did not have any sort of export business to the Avalee system 7,000 years ago. Mac suggested that the robot could’ve found its way there over the course of several thousand years, which is somewhat reasonable, but somehow I feel is unlikely. What do you think?’
She shook her head. ‘Once again, I haven’t a clue. I’m not really sure its origin  matters. Being in the import business, Valsummer may have had access to a used crate with the documents still attached, and simply used it for this robot… For some reason that I can’t imagine. Still, it will make the local Patrol criminal case officer happy – a box to tick, an old case to close. But other than that… We’ll see if anyone claims to have been the original customer. I might get extra points with the local Patrol for that information.
‘And that’s why I’m here. To collect data and tick boxes. Earn some points towards my next promotion. Anything that requires more than that is a covert op job. I don’t want to risk overstepping my orders. I don’t need any more black marks in my file.’
I gave her a searching look. ‘Really?’
She smiled. ‘Really. I want to be an admiral some day. I just have to remember that.’
‘Great. Are you hungry? Where do you want to have dinner?’
She sighed. ‘d’Mere...’
‘I’m just being polite and attentive to your needs.’
She just shook her head.



04
‘Any progress on the Cara front?’ I asked Cely as we stepped out into the gently falling rain from the diner the following thirdday morning, a dark day.
Cely opened his umbrella and I turned up the collar of my jacket. 
‘None that I can discern. I’m very polite and helpful. She’s very polite and grateful. I’m thinking that the time has come to make a bold move.’
‘Such as?’
‘Bringing up the subject of Alantzia Entertainment and then telling her all about my work for them. I don’t expect it to wow her, or anything like that. But at worst, I’m thinking that it is better to get that story out up front, rather than mention it only after we reach some sort of understanding. And at best, perhaps she will reciprocate and share more of her life with me than she has to date.’
‘It’s that embarrassing?’
‘No… It’s just out of character. Maybe….’
‘Right.’
‘Blast and dance, I’m the creator of a serial for young people called, The Quest of the Tara Twins. The parents of the teenage Tara Twins, Cilla and Jetz disappeared under mysterious circumstances and the twins travel around the planets, moon, and rocks of Alantzia searching for them, and the reason for their disappearance. I write a story each month for the Alantzian Entertainment weekly magazine Space Ways Anthology, and use that story as my script for a half hour vid that is featured once a month as an episode of their Fantastic Adventures syndicated show.’
‘All by yourself?’
‘More or less. I’ve a desktop simulated reality studio installed in my cottage. I had professional character designers work up my main characters, and use stock ones for the extras. I use a mix of stock and self-designed backdrops.’
‘And you can do all this while hanging around Pine Cove all day in the off season, and running a charter service in the tourist season?’
‘By the moons of Mara, I don’t hang around Pine Cove all day...’
‘Oh. My mistake,’ I said, with a laugh. ‘Still, I’m impressed. I’d think that it involves a great deal of work to not only write a story a month, but to animate it as well.’
‘The stories are no problem. Fifty years in space has given me more than enough ideas and places to set my stories. And I’ve been doing the animation for fifteen years now. I now have thousands of sequences that I can adopt and stitch together to create any scene I can think of. All I have to do is change the backdrop and the dialog to fit the story line. And, though obviously you haven’t noticed, I work in my cottage for four hours every afternoon in the off season, and usually put in an hour or two of work before I go to bed.’
‘Why would you be embarrassed by this?’
‘Blast and dash, I’m proud of my work. It is just that I don’t care to be known around Pine Cove as the fellow who writes children’s stories. That’s all.’
‘I can’t see anything wrong with that.’
‘Perhaps. But, by the jewels of Janipar, I don’t care to take that chance. And, as I warned you before, Rafe d’Mere, you are the only one in town who knows about this. So if I even hear a whisper of this, I’ll know who betrayed me.’
‘Right. Your secret is safe with me. Plus I’ll be gone in two more seasons, so you’ll be able to sleep at night soon enough.’
‘That’s one of the reasons I feel I can share this with you. You should be able to keep your wits about you for two more seasons.’
‘Getting back to Cara Cere. Is it possible that she already knows what you do, since she’s involved with Alantzian Entertainment?’
He shook his head. ‘I write and produce my show under a pen name.’
‘Which is?’
He gave me a hard look, daring me to say anything. ‘Captain Dare.’
I dared. ‘Not Purser Dare?’
‘Blast you, d’Mere...’
‘Right. Not a word. But I’ll be sure to catch up on the quest of the Tara Twins. I like a good space adventure.’
‘Unless you want to die young, d’Mere, you’ll take this secret to your grave.’



05
Di Ai came around to the shop shortly before eight.
‘Hey dad, can I borrow the buggy?’ she said brightly, upon entering the shop.
‘The buggy?’
‘To make my rounds, as I mentioned yesterday.’
‘I thought you were going to use a bike to do that. So you had time to identify the place you’re looking for?’
‘In case you missed it, it’s raining outside.’
‘So?’
‘So I don’t want to get soaking wet.’
‘I can understand that. Why not put it off a day? And won’t it blow your cover story about needing me to drive you around?’
‘As I mentioned already, the images I’m working with are all from dark days, so that I think dark days are the perfect time to search for Rendezvous House. Secondly, between the darkness, the rain and the fact that the season is tapering down, I don’t expect to find many people out and about, so that a slow buggy probably won’t draw the attention I want to avoid. And finally, as for my cover story, I think that I can claim to be smart enough to drive down one road and back on another, seeing that both of them follow the shore.’
I gave her an appraising look. ‘I suppose so.’
She gave me a sharp look. ‘You suppose so, what?’
‘Oh… I suppose you can borrow the buggy,’ I said, digging out the fob from my pocket.
‘A wise decision, d’Mere.’
‘Be back by ten sharp, Di Ai,’ I said, tossing her the fob.
‘Yes, dad,’ she laughed, adding as she headed back for the door, ‘Have fun fixing the toasters. Dinner is my treat tonight.’



Chapter 10  The Bot in the Box’s New Home 



01
Di Ai explored the Shore Roads south from Pine Cove, without success in her thirdday drive south from Pine Cove, so on fourthday, a clear, bright day, she biked north. 
I had several small jobs before lunch on fourthday. Cara pinged me late in the afternoon. ‘Will you be in the shop for the next hour or so? A potential buyer for that robot you have of mine has called on me and he’s eager to inspect it.  He’d like to stop by and have a look at it when you will be around to show it.’
‘I’m just finishing up on some small appliances in the shop, so now’s as good as time as any,’ I replied.
‘We’re on our way.’
 After breaking the connection, I turned to Mactavish. ‘As predicted, it seems that a person interested in the robot has contacted Cara. Care to make any predictions who that will be?’
‘No, sir. I am sorry, but I do not care to speculate.’
I just shook my head. Mactavish was quite free with his gossip – though to be fair, I believe he simply repeated what he heard from customers who stopped by, rather than via the bot’s private network – but in this matter, he was stubbornly closed mouth. 
In any event, they were, indeed, on their way, since Mactavish and I had hardly finished hauling the crate down from the upper room when Cely’s buggy pulled up before the shop. He ushered Cara and the potential buyer into the shop. 
‘This is Dory Vass,’ Cara said, introducing a rather handsome, smiling man in the long middle years of life. I didn’t recognize him, but then I didn’t know everyone in Pine Cove. Yet. ‘He tells me that he had come to an agreement to purchase a robot with Captain Valsummer shortly before great grandfather’s death. He believes that the robot in question is the one that recently arrived.’
‘Nice to meet you,’ Vass said, shaking my hand.  ‘If I’m not mistaken, I believe that I talked to you a week or so ago on this matter.’
‘I believe so. At least someone did,’ I said with a nod. ‘You seem to have been eagerly awaiting this robot for quite a few years. I’m amazed that you were still keeping tabs on the announcement after all these years.’
‘I had expected to take delivery within a month, and had programmed my com-link to scan the Pine Cove Gazette for the notice code. I never bothered to cancel it and forgot about it until it pinged a week or so ago with the correct notice code. Couldn’t believe it. Had to call, though I knew that with Captain Valsummer’s death, completing the sale was going to be a problem.’
‘After eleven years, you must have been really surprised.’
‘You can say that again,’ he said, with a laugh. ‘Captain Valsummer’s unfortunate death really tossed a spanner in the gears of our transaction. I contacted his estate’s administrator concerning this matter not long after he’d been appointed. But he could find no record of the sale or its arrival in Valsummer’s documents. I wasn’t surprised. Our agreement was made with a handshake, and the Captain preferred to keep the transaction, shall we say, as low key as possible. The formal sales documents would not have been prepared until after the arrival of the robot. Luckily he did relay the verification code to his butler, otherwise I don’t know what we could’ve done. Though I can’t understand why it only turned up now, after eleven years.’
‘We can’t explain that either. We’re thinking that it may have been stored in one of Captain Valsummer’s warehouses awaiting final approval for shipment when he died, and was just pushed out of the way and forgotten, until the new owners found it and sent it along,’ I ventured.
‘That seems to be the only logical conclusion,’ Vass said, with a nod.
‘Do you happen to know why Captain Valsummer wanted to keep the transaction low key?’ I asked, watching Vass closely – for no one particular reason, except that there seemed no particular reason for the precautions taken in this transaction. ‘And why did he use this method of delivery? I’m only asking because the robot in question is, and always has been, a perfectly legal class of robots, one that could be and no doubt was sold openly, without any precautions at one time. You could probably purchase a similar model todayfrom any dealer in robots in any major city on Fairwaine.’ 
‘Well… As I understand it, the Valsummer family was an outspoken advocate of the rights of sentient machines. It was well known locally at the time that they were not above helping them to escape repatriation to the Machine Directorate in the Inner Drifts. Captain Valsummer himself hinted at just that, and suggested that while the robot I was interested in purchasing was completely legal, he felt that given his reputation, and the interest that the Patrol likely had in him and his dealings with bots, that these precautions should be taken, nevertheless. He said that he didn’t want my name ending up on a Patrol file, if he could help it.’
‘I suppose that makes some sense, if only because I understand that Captain Valsummer was something of a character. Though I’m not sure how it would’ve kept your name out of a file, had the Patrol taken an interest in this transaction,’  I said, trying to walk a fine line between mere curiosity, and an interrogation. I was certain, Di Ai would want to know as much about this buyer as possible since that was one of her missions. 
‘I don’t know either. But that’s the way he insisted on structuring the deal, so what could I say?’
‘I suppose it was just a lifelong habit of caution in these matters. In any event, Cara Cere’s arrival here to claim her inheritance, saved you at least another two seasons' wait. Captain Mor appears to be the person with whom Captain Valsummer made the arrangements. She would be the only person who might’ve been able to untangle this matter without the verification code.’
He laughed. ‘After eleven years, those extra six months would’ve meant nothing to me. But with Lady Cere here now, out of the blue, we can finally conclude this matter in a satisfactory way for all parties.’
‘I’m surprised you’re still interested in the bot after all these years,’ I ventured.
‘Seeing that it generally takes years to acquire a bot, or at least raise the points necessary to purchase one, my wait isn’t out of the ordinary. I had counted myself very lucky to make the connection with Captain Valsummer that would’ve delivered one to me within a month. But, as it turned out…’
‘Still, if you can afford and need one, I would think it would take less than eleven years to take delivery of another bot, or even a new one.’
‘True, if I was not fussy. But after hearing Captain Valsummer’s glowing description of this particular robot – you know what they say; “They don’t make’m like they used to.”’ He laughed. 
Nothing much ever changes in the Unity, so they probably make’m just like they used to, if they still make that model. Though to be fair, it would be a very expensive model today as a new robot.
‘In any event, I had my heart set on this vintage robot. Plus, having committed to purchasing this robot, I felt I could and should afford to wait for the estate to be settled. Of course, I hadn’t expected the wait to be eleven years. Speaking of which...’
‘Right. And I probably shouldn't be keeping you waiting a minute longer. Why don’t we step into the workshop and have a look at the bot in question.’
‘It is, indeed, a handsome robot,’ said Dory Vass, beaming, after he had studied it for a few moments. ‘Can I assume it is, indeed, a Servomax machine dating back some seven thousand years?’
‘Indeed, it is. A Servomax model 7437. But here, you should verify it,’ I added, stepping over to the table and unfastening the bot’s chest panel. Showing him the labels on the inside of the chest panel once I had it removed, I said, ‘Here is the original certification of legality stating that this is a class 4 general service bot. Its specifications are listed on the AI unit shield. It is a Servomax 7437. Its serial number tells us that the machine was manufactured at the Servomax facility in Delvar, Liandra, during Second Fall 25, 32841 SF (Since Founding) making it 7,032 years old. I have examined the entire machine and there have been no modifications made other than replacing defective parts, so that is what you are buying.’
‘Exactly as it was described to me. Excellent,’ he exclaimed. ‘Can I assume that it is in working order?’
‘I’ve inspected the entire machine and run its full diagnostic test mode and everything is within specs. It appears to have been well maintained. All the parts that have been replaced over the years were either factory replacement parts or parts of equal quality to the originals. If anything should fail in the next year, we will replace it for free as part of our standard warranty. Still, you should have decades of use before you would need to begin replacing worn parts.’
‘Excellent. Have you done anything to its memory banks?’
‘No. They report no issues. Its daily memory banks had been erased before it arrived here, but that’s expected for this class of robot. The firmware and its installed specialized service modules appear to be intact. From the installed service modules, it appears to have been a personal assistant/secretarial robot.’
‘Perfect,’ he said, and turning to Cara, added, ‘Everything appears to be in order, so I see no reason why this sale should not be completed. I may have time yet today to arrange the transfer of funds to your account.’
Cara hesitated just half a second, before smiling, ‘Good. I will arrange to have Rafe deliver the bot to you upon transfer of the funds.’
‘I don’t know if that is necessary,’ he said, turning to me. 
‘All part of our service, sir.’
He nodded. ‘Excellent. Then I will see you soon,’ 
‘Until then, good day, sir,’ I said, and saw our customers out.
‘Any comments, Mac?’ I asked as they drove off.
‘Only that it is one less thing to worry about, sir.’
I turned to him. ‘Do sentient machines worry?’ 
‘I was thinking of you, sir.’
‘Thanks.’
After Mactavish stepped back into the shop I pinged Di Ai on the assumption that the case was bugged as well as location tagged. ‘Did you get all that?’
‘I did indeed,’ she laughed. ‘Did you record some images of this Dory Vass as well?’
‘I did. I’ll send them along.’
‘Excellent, d’Mere. Exactly what I would expect from a special agent of the Patrol. Another gold star on your personnel file. And dinner’s on me again.’
‘I’ll settle just for dinner.’
‘As I knew you would.’
Over dinner Di Ai reported that Dory Vass pinged no alarms, which was fine with me, though Di Ai was mildly disappointed. 
‘I was hoping for a syndicate link.’
‘Why? I can’t see how this would be connected to that side of your mission.’
‘Wishful thinking, I suppose. But it’s just that my intelligence analyst's intuition is pinging me that Valsummer’s death, and everything connected to it leads back, somehow, to the Seven Syndicate.’
‘This is Pine Cove, not Halle Crater, Di Ai. Not all secrets are sinister.’
Famous last words. 



02
Fifthday dawned twilit and darkening. The documents completing the transaction were waiting for me when I arrived back in the shop after my last job in Greenwood. I had a delivery address – 87 South Autumnwood – the next little town up the coast from Clear Creek and a contact number. I pinged Voss and said that I could bring his bot around at his convenience. 
He said that would be ‘Excellent. Any time.’
I then pinged Di Ai, since she had expressed an enthusiastic desire to accompany me on the delivery of the bot in the box. She was, once again, out on a bike searching for her Rendezvous House.
‘Still expecting something sinister?’ I had asked her as we said goodnight after dinner.
‘No. But with the delivery of the robot to the buyer, I’ll be able to tick off the last box in the case!’ she exclaimed. ‘The ultimate reward of an intelligence analysis.’ 
‘An Autumnwood address, you say. How convenient,’ she said when I told her about the delivery. ‘I’m just north of Autumnwood now. I’ll turn around and meet you in front of the train station. It’s on the Shore Road, or whatever they call it in Autumnwood.’ 
‘Right. I’ll be there within 45 minutes.’ 
And I was, bot in the back of the shop’s van. She waved as I pulled up.
‘Thanks, d’Mere. I really appreciate this.’
‘Excited?’ I asked as she climbed in.
‘Very. The last box ticked! You don’t know how rare that is, in our business,’ she added, holding up two crossed fingers. ‘Did you remove our little tags from the crate?’
I shook my head. ‘I thought about it, but decided to let them be, since officially I didn’t know they were there in the first place. And I figured it would be worth another free meal if I kept them intact.’
She beamed at me. ‘Now, that’s thinking like an agent of Department 57 subsection 3.’
I suppose it was.
‘And yes, dinner’s on me – or rather the Patrol – again tonight,’ she added, with a laugh.
We crept back out of town, driving slowly in the nearly complete darkness, so as to be able to read the address numbers on cottages and gateways we passed. 
Number 87 South looked to be the last cottage before the Shore Road passed a small woods with only the farm fields beyond. The lights of the cottage twinkled through the thick stand of big pine trees and bushes that filled its long front yard. 
I had just swung the buggy into the driveway, when Di Ai clutched my arm and exclaimed ‘Stop!’
I hit the brakes and turned to her. ‘What?’
‘That’s it!’
‘What’s it?’
‘That,’ she said, pointing ahead. ‘That fence and gateway!’
Looking ahead down the narrow drive, I could see, in the headlights, a white picket fence with a trellis gateway draped in a flowering vine that led to the side yard.
‘I’ve seen that fence and gateway. I’ve seen the twin pines just ahead. All the couriers saw them too when they turned into this drive. This is Rendezvous House! This is the house I’ve been looking for! And to think that I biked past it this morning without noticing it.’
‘Really? Are you certain?’
‘Of course I am. I’ve had the images of this place in my mind for weeks. Everything matches – the dark alley of the driveway, those twin pine trees just ahead, that fence and gateway. They were just mixed up a bit. I thought the fence and gate ran along the road…  I didn’t realize they were at the end of the drive – a side yard.
‘But blast and dance!’ she exclaimed echoing Cely, half laughing, half cursing. ‘Here I am, and I can’t get any closer to it without violating my orders,’ and she, adding a few non-Celyian curses as well, said, ‘I don’t think I can use delivering the robot as an excuse…’ 
She quickly turned to me. ‘We can’t just sit here all day. Open up your com-link so I can follow how it goes. You might run into people you know… But I have to believe that they’ll have had any encounter with you erased, so don’t be alarmed. Play it straight, but take in everything and everyone. Get visual images.’
‘Right. And if things land fins up?’
She showed me her darter and grinned. ‘Still, try and land on your fins, d’Mere. If things turn ugly, I’d have to choose between you and my Patrol career. Not an easy choice. Now go,’ she added, as she slipped out of the buggy. ‘I’ll wait for you here.’
I waited until she disappeared into the darkness. I then slowly drove the buggy on down the driveway, thinking hard.  I opened a com-channel to her. ‘Do you hear me?’
‘Clear. Good luck, d’Mere.’
The drive made a compact loop before the house, and as I pulled to a stop, the front door of the house opened, framing a figure in the light.
‘Ah, it is you. I saw the lights of your van,’ Dory Vass called out. The front yard lights sprang to life, flooding the driveway with light as he stepped down from the small porch. ‘My bot has finally arrived.’
‘Hello Mr Vass.  And, yes, it has. Better late than never,’ I replied as cheerfully as I could manage, as I stepped out and around the van to open the back doors. ‘Let me get my hand truck out and I’ll haul it in for you.’
‘Oh, I think we can just carry it in between the two of us, don’t you think?’ he said as he came alongside of me.
‘Sure, if you like,’ I replied, and grabbing the end of the crate, I began sliding it out.
Out of the corner of my eye I caught sight of another person stepping out onto the porch. Luckily I saw him a moment or two before he saw me. I knew him the moment I saw him. He was a tall man. I quickly looked away to hide my surprise.
Tall Man in the doorway called out, ‘Do you need help?’
‘Oh, I think we can manage, don’t you think?’ said Vass, as he grasped the crate’s built in handle at the far end of the crate and hefted it. 
‘No problem,’ I replied, keeping my head low, while I frantically decided how I was to play my reunion with the Tall Man. Hopefully the Seven Syndicate had its wits about itself, and the Tall Man’s memory of the incident was completely erased – he knew too much about the armory and the plot to scuttle the Tzarista Moon to be running around loose with those memories intact. But if not...
By the time we started up the porch stairs with Vass in the lead, I decided to follow Di Ai’s advice and play it straight – he was a stranger to me, even if he claimed otherwise. 
I looked up as we passed him and gave him a friendly, but hopefully blank, nod, and hoped for the best. 
He looked startled, and blinked in surprise. Not good. The best I could hope for was that I was a shadow memory that the mind-wipe left somewhere in his memory. But for some reason I had a sinking feeling that the Seven Syndicate either did not have its full wits about itself or Doc Duecy, their mind-wiper, had been swept up along with the rest of the gang and they hadn’t been able to replace him, given the state the Seven Syndicate was in. Still, I decided that my best bet was for me to play it dumb. After all, he’d only seen me for a few hours in the dark. I’m an ordinary enough looking fellow, so maybe he’d not be certain. And even if he was… What could he do about it? That last question opened up too many unpleasant possibilities.
Vass led us to a low table in the high vaulted front room of the rather substantial house. ‘We can set it down here.’ 
We did, as the Tall Man silently followed us in. 
‘Right,’ I said, as I began to undo the crate’s latches, trying to act normally, and not be in too much of a hurry to leave. ‘Here’s your new semi-antique bot. I can walk you through the imprinting process needed to make it your own, as long as I’m here.’
‘Thanks, but I am familiar with the process. I assume it comes with all its documentation intact.’
‘Yes. I checked. Let’s get it out of its crate, and power it up to demonstrate that everything is working properly before you sign off,’ I said in my most professional manner, determined not to give the Tall Man, who was silently watching the proceedings, any special notice.
We lifted the bot out of the crate and set it upright on the floor. And with Vass holding it steady at its back, I said to him, ‘There’s a small power button at the base of its neck. If you can press that, it’ll power up and stand by itself.’
He did, and it did. ‘Now, if you’ll step clear, I’ll have the bot run through its diagnostic mechanical routine while I go out and get my clipboard so that you can sign off on the delivery.’
Once he stepped clear, I gave the bot the vocal code and command to commence its system and motor tests, and walked back, past the Tall Man who still had not said anything, and stepped outside to collect my clipboard from the van.  
‘Guess who’s here,’ I whispered, via my com-link.
‘You don’t have time, d’Mere.’
‘The Tall Man.’
‘Really? Did he recognize you? He’s not said anything about you from my box feed.’
‘Hard to say. I think he did. But, he may not be certain...’
‘Play it straight. They can’t afford to make a fuss. Get some visuals. We’ll talk, once the delivery is over.’
‘Right.’ 
I called up the proper document on it for Dory Vass to sign and thumbprint. As I stepped back into the house, I happened to look up.
In the darkness of the balcony that stretched across the back of the vaulted front room I caught the glimpse of a pale face in the light of the room below. A face that almost instantly disappeared into the shadows when it saw me glance up. It sent a shiver down my back. It wasn’t human. It was the sculptured face of another bot. Seven itself? I was even more eager to be out of there just as soon as possible, but I knew that my continued safety might hinge on the uncertainty of who I was. Or used to be. I needed to act unconcerned, so I stood and made small talk with Vass, as we watched the bot perform a series of frantic antics as it tested all its servo-motors and gears to make certain it was working properly. The performance lasted several minutes. 
I could feel the eyes of the Tall Man watching me intently. Since he hadn’t said anything to me, I was half convinced that he hadn’t quite placed me. As I said, a mind-wipe might well leave a trace of familiarity. I decided that ignoring him would look suspicious, so I smiled, ‘It looks like mad dervish going through its testing mode, doesn’t it?’ And visually recorded his image via my eyes to my com-link neural connection.
He muttered something inconsequential, not taking his eyes off of me.
The bot came to the end of the testing sequence and reported verbally that every component responded within expected parameters. So I turned to Vass. ‘Right. Is there anything else I can do for you, sir?’
‘Excellent. I think everything is in order. What do I have to sign?’
I handed the clipboard to him, showed him where to sign, and put his thumbprint, and in doing so, the clipboard also made a vid recording of his actions. We shook hands. I reminded him that we stood behind our work, and wished him well. 
I did not run out of the house. I walked. I climbed into the van, spun it around the circle and out the driveway as slowly as I could. I turned towards Autumnwood, since we needed to pick up Di Ai’s bike at the station, and stopped to pick up Di Ai. 
She emerged from the deep shadows against the bole of a large pine and skipped gaily around behind the van to climb in grinning widely.
‘Oh, d’Mere, you are my lucky charm!’ she exclaimed, quickly adding, ‘Ah – it seems like he recognized you!  The Tall Man, that would be Enve Kree, from the Guard interrogation records, is telling Vass that he recognized you. That he knew you as Rye Rylr the engineer of the Tzaritsa Moon. Vass appears to be skeptical…
‘Don’t go too far, I want to be certain to hear more,’ she said, as I began to pull away.
‘A third voice – A bot?’ she said, glancing to me.
I nodded. ‘I caught a brief glimpse of one in the shadows of the balcony.’
‘It’s questioning him. It knows the story of the Tzarista Moon – and the Tall Man’s failures.’ She laughed. ‘The Tall Man is claiming that you’re a Patrol Agent! Oh, my, you’ve rather spooked him, d’Mere…. He’s saying that the Patrol is on to them…Well, he’s not wrong about that,’ she laughed.
‘The bot is telling the Tall Man to stop panicking…. He’s imagining things –  you’re a robot repairman, not a secret agent. The bot has now cut him short, and told him and Vass to move the crate to the shed in back…’
She listened quietly for a minute, and then said, ‘Vass is questioning the Tall Man now. He says that he’s certain that you’re Rye Rylr, and that you’re an agent of the Patrol. Our raid on Deer Forest Lodge convinced him of that – along with the armory disaster… Oh well, they’ve stashed the crate in the shed. It was fun while it lasted. Well done, d’Mere. Well done. Medals all around. Lift. Back to Pine Cove. We can pick up the bike later. I have an urgent report to write and dispatch. I’m afraid that your appearance will stir things up. If they can get a special ops team here pronto, they might be able capture, or at least establish surveillance on Enve Kree, Dory Vass, and dare we hope, Seven itself? But they need to get here fast before they go deeper underground… Step on it, d’Mere.’
I duly spun the van around and stepped on the accelerator. Still, I found it hard to share her gaiety, and she noticed.
‘Why so serious, d’Mere?’
‘For one thing, my cover’s blown. And seeing that I have to stick around here for several more seasons, that makes me more than a bit uncomfortable.’
She shook her head. ‘Nah. They can’t do anything about you, even if the Tall Man somehow convinces the bot – who’s either Seven itself, or their agent – that you’re some sort of Patrol agent. Seven’s safety depends on keeping on the right side of the law in the Co-op or else face extradition to the Unity and a life in Felon’s Rift. Or if Seven is a bot – the destruction of its AI unit. And that being the case, they’d be foolish to do anything about you. What they’ll do, if they’re smart, is run, far and fast. So I wouldn’t lose any sleep over it if I were you.’
I gave her a sidelong glance. ‘That, I believe. But I’m not you.’
‘Chin up, d’Mere. Don’t be so gloomy. When have you become such a pessimist? Besides, you still have that darter I gave you, don’t you?’
‘Yes.’
‘Keep it in your pocket for a while, just in case.’
I gave her a sidelong glance. She was serious. ‘Right. And not to worry.’
She just shrugged.
And after a half a minute she added, ‘And don’t go on any repair jobs that aren’t in your books already. Just in case...’
‘Right. Any other helpful suggestions?’
‘You still have armored undershirts and briefs, don’t you?’
‘Yes.’
‘Wear them. That fraction of a second between the first and second dart can make a great difference in results.’
‘Right. Anything else?’
‘I can’t think of anything else at the moment.’
‘Just don’t worry.’
She grinned. ‘Right. But moving along, I need to report this incident immediately. Though, just between you and me, I doubt that I’ll be able to convince the Guard to act as promptly as they did for the armory. This is a bit too iffy for the Guards to act without at least the tacit approval of the Constabulary, and I doubt they’ll get that on the evidence I can provide. At best, they’ll dispatch a covert-ops detective team here in a day or two to follow up on the Rendezvous House lead. It will likely be abandoned by the time they get around to it, if Seven has their wits about them. Still they may leave traces that the team might be able to follow. 
‘However, my investigation has just gotten wider. I have my first real link to Seven, or at least the bot agent of Seven, which was part of my original brief. And now, we have the question of why the syndicate is so interested in that bot in the box.’ She shook her head and sighed. ‘And to think that I thought this was the last box to be ticked. I should’ve known.’
She turned to me. ‘The good news is that my mission here looks to be expanding rather than wrapping up. Between helping track down Seven and unraveling why the bot in the box is so important to them, I could be around Pine Cove for several more weeks. It just keeps getting more complicated and convoluted. Unless the Guard pulls me for some reason, I’ll be here to look after you, d’Mere. So you see, You’ve got nothing to worry about.’
‘That’s a great relief.’
‘You’re being sarcastic, aren’t you, d’Mere?’ she asked with a cheerful sidelong glance.
‘Never,’ I lied.
Not that she cared.



Chapter 11  Foo Dog Blues



01
I met Di Ai for brunch in the sparsely populated cafe of the Grand the following sixthday morning. She was still flying high.
‘I’ve been ordered to report to Guard Headquarters in Prime. They were impressed by my report. Though not impressed enough to act on it without further consultation. Not that it matters now. I doubt that any syndicate personnel are still in the area. However, they may still be in the Co-op, since they likely realize that they risk immediate capture at border crossings or being traced using the tube train security nodes. Their options are getting limited. We’re closing in. Just not fast enough... But the Guard is playing the long game… Oh, well.
‘I did discover something very interesting, though. Guess what it is, d’Mere.’ she asked as we took our seat around a small table in the dimly lit cafe.
‘You’ve invented yet another reason why a pirate prince isn’t going to bother eliminating a robot repairman who he, she or it believes destroyed their criminal organization.’
‘I don’t need to. As I said, they’re probably on the far side of the Carlopian Sea as we speak, unless they’re very dumb. I don’t think they’re that dumb. No, what I discovered looking over my records last night was who owns Rendezvous House.’
‘Who?’
‘Silha Han. It’s on a long term lease to Dory Vass. In itself, that fact doesn’t necessarily incriminate Han. Still...’
‘Still nothing. Liu and Valsummer own Deer Forest Lodge, and Valsummer owns the armory land. We haven’t found anything to connect them to the syndicate in any significant way.’
‘True. But that could be that we just haven’t found the critical link yet. I find it very curious that we keep turning up these causal links between the Seven Syndicate and these three people. I think all those connections need to be looked at very closely. Very closely. And I’m going to start with Shila Han.’
‘Because you don’t like her?’
‘Because Valsummer is dead. Or likely dead, and owned far fewer properties.’
‘And Cavish Liu?’
‘Oh, he’s such a dear,’ she sighed. ‘So pleasant, open, and ever so helpful, in a delightfully potentially incriminating way.’
‘Making him, as the most unlikely suspect, the most likely one.’
She laughed. ‘In a mystery story, maybe. In real life, well, I’ll grant you, that could’ve been a bold move on his part. And I’d tip my cap to him if he turns out to be the one in deep with the Seven Syndicate. But my intuition says no. Which leaves Silha Han. She was so unpleasant and so unhelpful. On that basis alone, she has the benefit of being the most likely high ranking criminal of the three.’
‘Because she was so unpleasant?’
‘Looking back, there was something of a pirate prince in her cool eyes,’ said Di Ai, narrowing her eyes in thought. 
‘Is that how an intelligence analyst level 3 approaches their work?’
‘That’s how this one does.’ She smiled.  

After we ate, I drove her down to Chartierra and said goodbye to her on the tube train platform.
‘I should be back tomorrow evening, or secondday morning, depending on how things go with the Guard,’ she said. ‘Now don’t do anything rash while I’m gone.’
‘Right. Nothing rash.’
‘You’ll be fine. Don’t worry. They’re long gone. Or if not, they wouldn’t dare touch you.’
‘Right.’
‘You have your darter in your pocket, don’t you?’
I sighed. ‘Yes, I do.’
‘Armored underwear?’
I gave her an exacerbated look.
‘Good,’ she said, patting me on my shoulder. ‘Not that you need any of that. But in case I should be wrong… Well, you’d kick yourself if you’d left home without taking precautions.’
‘I probably wouldn’t be caring anymore.’
‘But I would, d’Mere. I would,’ she said, just seriously enough to make my heart skip one beat.



02
I’m happy to report that they didn’t kill me on the bright, firstday. I made my rounds as usual. Pine Cove was in the process of shutting down for the season. 
Di Ai pinged me late in the afternoon. 
‘How did it go? I asked.
‘About as you would expect. A pat on the back, good work, and all that, but as for action, well, that needs to be carefully considered.’
‘Disappointed?’
‘I would’ve liked to have been pleasantly surprised, but I can’t say I’m too disappointed. It was about what I expected – rounding up a couple syndicate members on the run does not have the same high priority as an armory of illegal weapons on the brink of evaporating away. I did manage to get permission from both the Patrol and Guard to continue my investigations for another week or two in order to tick off a few more boxes and tie up a few more local threads. I’ll take a late tube train to Chartierra tonight and be back to Pine Cove on the first rail train tomorrow.’
‘Right. I’ll see if I can meet you at the station,’ and, adding for her amusement, ‘We can have breakfast together.’
‘Don’t starve on my account, d’Mere.’
As it turned out, I couldn’t meet her. And didn’t have breakfast, since I had to make an early morning call on Valsummer House.



03
Secondday was a dark day. A damp, cool day. The low clouds, trailing behind the rather spectacular electrical storm that had battered Pine Cove overnight, made the day even darker than usual. Nearly pitch black, in fact. A clearly upset Cely met me at the door to the brightly lit diner, with a bag and two large thermos in his hands.
‘Cara called. Trouble at Valsummer House,’ he said, hurriedly. ‘The two foo dogs are out of commission. I have doughnuts and caf. Grab the bag. Let’s lift.’
I didn’t think the situation was urgent enough for me to miss a hot breakfast, but I could see that Cely wasn't going to be deterred, so I just said ‘Right,’ and grabbing the bag, dug out a doughnut. 
I ate my first doughnut as I hurried alongside Cely, up High Street glistening in the street lights, trying to keep up with his rapid pace. ‘How did it happen?’
‘I don’t know much. Cara didn’t know much. It seems the security system roused the foo dogs to investigate a possible intrusion during the night. She didn’t know much more than that, save that they were somehow disabled. Parson thinks that they may’ve been struck by lightning. Cara sounded mostly concerned for the condition of her foo dogs. It’s the fact that they had been roused by what was likely some sort of intrusion that alarms me. It wouldn’t have been the usual young rascals. Not on a night like last night.
‘I just know too much, Rafe,’ he added. ‘About what went on up in the hills. I know that there are possible links from that to Valsummer. I can’t help but be concerned about Cara in that house. You don’t think I’m over reacting, do you?’
I took another bite of my doughnut, before replying. ‘I don’t see any immediate need to be concerned. With all the wind, a falling branch in the storm may have triggered the security system, which would have sent the foo dogs out to investigate. I’m not familiar with the effects of lightning. We don’t have lightning on Murlinn, so I can’t say one way or another if a lightning strike could’ve caused the foo dogs to fail. It certainly seems possible. I’ll know more when I run a diagnostic scan. You’re likely worrying about nothing.’
He shook his head. ‘That’s not what I mean. You know, of course, that Valsummer owns the land in the hills that the armory is located on, don’t you? Cara told me about it. And I assume that you… and Vaun know a lot more about that as well. That’s what she’s here for, isn’t she?’
As I’ve already said, Cely was a lot sharper and more experienced than people generally give him credit for. I had told him about the pretty Patrol agent I’d met when escaping the pirate prince, but nothing of my subsequent adventures with her, though I knew that he suspected that I was more involved in what went on up in the hills that I let on to be. Now, between her investigation and my strangely comfortable relationship with her, I was sure that he’d drawn a line from my story of the pretty Patrol agent straight to Vaun Di Ai.
‘That is not for me to say,’ I replied carefully.
‘Blast and dance, Rafe. You see the reason for my concern. Valsummer was up to something, and now Cara’s in the middle of it.’
‘I think, Cely, that you’re jumping to conclusions. I know of no direct connection between the armory, the Seven Syndicate, and the Valsummers. Coincidences, yes. Direct links no. And any connection there might’ve been would’ve died with Captain Targen Valsummer. I think what we have here is probably storm related. We’ll know more once I have a chance to look over Tatan and Yangkan.’
Other than the odd ‘Blast and dash,’  muttered to himself, Cely said nothing more.
Mactavish greeted me as we entered the shop. ‘Good morning, Cely, Good morning sir. May I presume you have heard the report out of Valsummer House.’
‘Yes, we have. What does Parson say?’
‘Parson merely reports that the foo dogs malfunctioned during the early morning hours. He believed that it was possible that they were struck by lightning in the storm. There was a lightning strike corresponding to the incident.
‘Did he say what the incident was that turned them out into the storm?’
‘He did not. I presume, sir, that the perimeter alarm was tripped.’
‘He expressed no concern about that?’
‘Not to me, sir.’
‘Parson is a rather private person, don’t you think, Mac?’
‘In matters concerning the Valsummers, Parson is quite discreet, sir.’
‘In a case like this, perhaps too discreet. Well, we’ll see what Tatan and Yungkan have to say about it.’
‘Yes, sir.’

All the lights were on in and around Valsummer House when we pulled onto the stone paved courtyard before the long carriage house. Cely had pinged Cara that we were on our way, so she was waiting for us outside the carriage house, standing alongside Parson. Cely was out and by her side in a flash. From the closeness that he stood next to her – he even took her hand – and the apparent earnestness of his speech to her, I surmised that their affair had moved along quite a bit since the last time I had talked to Cely about it. I took my time hauling out my gear to give them a minute to talk privately.
The pale shapes of Tatan and Yungkan stood, rooted rigidly on their four feet, alongside and to the rear of the carriage house, which is to say, at the edge of the river ravine. So, shouldering my gear, I gave a wave and a hello to Cara, and headed towards the two immobile robots. Parson followed me.
‘What brought the foo dogs out? And happened next, Parson?’ I asked as we stopped before the first of the foo dogs, Tatan, by the white color of its shield.
‘It is possible that both machines were struck by a bolt of lightning, sir.’
I turned to him. ‘I’m not an idiot, Parson. I know that you have a full security record of what triggered the release of the foo dogs. You have their reports up to the time they were disabled. And the security system reports after that incident. All these can be studied in microseconds. Cough it up, or I’ll go to Milady Cara, and she’ll drag it out of you. Your choice.’
Being a bot, he wasn’t flustered. ‘It is nearly impossible to say, sir. It was raining heavily at the time. Both visual and radar sensors were significantly impaired...’
‘Parson...’
‘Sir. All We can say is that the perimeter sensors were triggered by what appears in the sensory data to be two potential intruders entering the property from across the river. Both the visual and radar images appeared only briefly, and seem to be no more than moving shadows. The various other sensors do not add any significant details, due to the heavy rain and wind in the wooded area. Given the wind, rain and lightning, they could’ve been anything or nothing at all. Sir.’
‘The alarm wouldn’t have been triggered by shadows.’
‘True, sir. However, the alarm may have been triggered by a falling branch or something else, unseen in that vicinity.’ 
I had to concede this point. ‘Perhaps.’
‘In any event, the security system alerted Tatan and Yungkan to the potential breach of the security perimeter. They responded by stationing themselves where you see them now. Given the steepness of the ravine, they would not have ventured further until the intruders reached the boathouse. That is their standard response. Their sensor arrays were also adversely impacted by the weather conditions, which is to say, they were half-blinded. With the nearly constant flickering of lightning, every shadow appeared to dance; they recorded nothing definite before becoming disabled. You can view their vid feed, but We doubt that you would be able to pick out the possible intruders in the flickering shadows. They remained on the brink of the ravine, where you find them, for 31 seconds without moving – awaiting further movement on the part of the possible intruders. And then within a second, both units went down after a brief, but intense flash of light which would seem to correspond with a bolt of lightning that struck quite close to the house. Based on the data we have to go on, We can say with a certain degree of candor that lightning seems the most likely cause of their failure, sir.’
‘Right. What about the intruders?’
‘The possible intruders, sir. Derque and Ryban instantly volunteered to go out to check on Tatan and Yangkan. They noted nothing suspicious using their full sensor array, nor did the security system. We remained vigilant, but have found no evidence of any intruder, beyond the initially tripped alarm. More than that We are unable to state.’
I gave him a hard look, but he offered nothing more. “Right. Let’s see what’s wrong with Tatan here.’
I hooked up my diagnostic equipment to Tatan’s interface under the shield of its collar. It gave a long series of error codes, the long and short of the list being that Tatan’s complete array of sensors had been damaged, as well as several levels of tripped circuit breakers in associated parts, enough of them to shut the machine down as a precaution to prevent further damage.
A quick check of Yungkan showed that it, too, had suffered the same damage. But – interestingly enough –  not exactly at the same time. There was nearly a half a second between the two events. If they had both been struck by lightning, I would have thought both bots would’ve gone down instantaneously. But I decided to keep that to myself, for the time being.
I reported my findings to Cara.
‘What can be done for them?’ she asked.
‘They are undamaged beyond their sensor array. I should be able to revive them, and, with a cable link to one of the staff, they can be led back to their quarters. There I’ll pull the damaged components and get Mac back in the shop on the job. We can either print the replacement parts, or order new ones for the parts that we can’t manufacture ourselves.’
‘Yes, by all means, carry on. I certainly want them repaired at any cost.’
‘I wouldn’t worry about the cost. Tatan and Yangkan will pay for their repairs out of their wages. Most bots save the vast majority of their wages, and given how long Tatan and Yungkan have served your family, I’m sure that they can cover the cost of their repairs many times over.’
‘That hardly seems fair.’
‘It’s the custom here. And, well, bots are very responsible and though you might not see it, very independent people. Don’t give it a second thought.’
‘Whatever. Please fix them.’
I began the process by connecting my bot service unit to Tatan’s input port on its emblem. I initiated a limited restart, confined to the AI unit, just to make certain there was no panicked physical reaction once Tatan came on line again with me next to it. 
‘Tatan, this is ol’doc d’Mere.,’ I said on powering up its AI. ‘You’ve suffered some damage to your sensor array, but appear to be otherwise unharmed. Nothing to be alarmed about.’
‘Is Lady Cara unharmed?’ it asked immediately.
‘She’s fine.’
‘Yungkan. Is she unharmed?’ “She” is it?
‘She suffered the same damage as you have, but is otherwise unharmed as well. As far as we can tell, whatever set off the security alarm went no further. You did your job.’
‘We did not. We failed.’
‘The results say otherwise. In any event, there was nothing you could’ve done. I don’t know what exactly happened. Parson thinks you and Yungkan were struck by lightning.’
‘The strike came from below. And that is all I can report before everything went black.’
‘I believe you, Tatan. But let’s keep that to ourselves for the moment. We’ll investigate further. But be assured nothing seemed to have occurred after the initial security alarm. We’ll talk about the possibilities while I work on you and Yungkan. Right now, I want to get you and Yungkan back to your quarters. I’m going to power up the rest of your systems. Derque is here. He’ll share a cable link to his visual inputs with you and will walk you back to your quarters. Once there I will need to remove the damaged components. We’ll see what we can do to get them reinstalled as quickly as possible. But it may take a couple of days to get you back up and fully functional. Are you fine with that?’
‘Yes, doc,’ Tatan replied, with what I had to believe was a glimmer of humor.
Derque had just finished leading Tatan back to his quarters in the carriage house and I was about to begin the same procedure with Yungkan, when I spied a darting spear of light crossing the little river via the narrow footbridge above the boathouse. It and the dark figure weaving it about crossed the narrow drawbridge over the boat slips of the boathouse and up the series of steps.
‘My, oh my. What’s going on here?’ Cav Liu asked me, on reaching the top of the steps.
I was explaining that the foo dogs may’ve been struck by lightning – that being the simplest and least sinister explanation – when Cara and Cely joined us.
‘A nasty night,’ said Cav. ‘A nasty night. I was up half the night, between the thunder and the waves crashing against the rocks at the base of my bluff. And the lightning, well I’m not surprised that these two big metal giants took a bolt. Badly damaged?’
‘Rafe says most of the damage was confined to their sensor array. That will have to be replaced, but otherwise they’re fine,’ said Cara. ‘I’m told they will pay for it themselves.’
Liu laughed. ‘Indeed, indeed, they will. We have a very strange system here in the Co-op. Tat and Yan get paid the same as Parson, but have no desires, beyond chess, Go, and larking about the grounds all day, so their wages go entirely into savings that they use to pay for their maintenance. Parson, and the staff can spend their wages on things they might desire, though robots are usually very frugal. As I’m sure you now know, Mrs Clare is a fine painter. She buys paints and canvases with a small portion of her wages. And, each of the others all have their little hobbies. But no vices, to speak of. So saving enough scrip points to replace worn parts is never a problem. Am I right, Parson?’
‘Yes sir.’
As I began to revive Yungkan, Cara invited him and Cely in for a cup of cha. 
‘I’ll send out Parson with a cup for you, Rafe,’ she said.
‘Thanks, but I still have half a thermos of caf to drink. That’ll do me fine.’
Yungkan responded exactly as Tatan had. First inquiring about Cara and then Tankan. I assured her everything was alright, save their sensor arrays, and those could be fixed. Derque led her back to her quarters and then left me standing on a short stepladder as I began to dismantle the two foo dog’s face plates in order to pull the damaged components. I hooked them together with a cable so that they could communicate with each other, as their radio circuit breakers had been damaged in the incident.
I was pulling the radar array out of Tankan when a familiar voice said, ‘Good morning, d’Mere.’
I turned. ‘Morning Di Ai.’
‘You stood me up,’ she said, giving me a hard look, only to laugh, and add, ‘But I forgive you. Mactavish told me where to find you. He even let me borrow the scooter. What’s up?’
I filled her in as I worked. 
‘Lightning?’ she asked.
I shook my head. ‘I don’t think so. There’s no scorch marks in the grass around their feet. The fact that they went down in two events half a second apart makes it seem unlikely that they were both struck by one bolt. And then one has to consider that both are damaged in the same way – all their sensors were knocked out. What does that suggest to you, Lieutenant Di Ai?’
She considered my question for only a moment. ‘A broad frequency high-powered laser – a so-called blinder beam. Very illegal outside of the Patrol and Guard.’
‘Exactly.’ 
Such devices came in various sizes and power. They were used by the Patrol and Guard to blind the electronics of all sorts of fleeing vehicles, from flyers to space ships, as an aid to capture. They worked by overwhelming the onboard sensor array with a powerful blast of broad spectrum energy. This would usually trigger an emergency shut down – as it did in the foo dogs. 
‘I didn’t think garden variety thieves would have access to such a device,’ I said, casually.
‘Your garden variety thief would not. But the Seven Syndicate might,’ she replied. ‘What were they after?’
‘Who knows? Nothing seems to have resulted from the attack. Derque and Ryban were out here within minutes, saw nothing and suffered no attack.’
‘Setting up for a return visit?’
I shrugged. ‘Your guess is as good as mine. Though I can’t imagine what they’d be after. Seeing that the house can be closed up like a fortress, I don’t see the logic of a return visit.’
‘It must be something mighty important. How’s Cara taking this?’
‘Oh, like you’d expect Cara to take it. Though she did call Cely first thing this morning.’
‘Well, that’s all to the good. For Cely. What are you thinking, d'Mere?’
‘I’ve had to concentrate on my work, so I haven’t given it any thought. What do you think?’
She shrugged. ‘I don’t know what to think. It does suggest that the Valsummers and the Seven Syndicate had some sort of deep ties.’
We idly speculated on those ties until the house party returned as I was packing up my gear. Cara and Cely saw Cav off in the beams of their powerful little handheld lights before returning to the foo dog quarters.
‘Hello, Vaun. I assume Rafe brought you up to speed on our exciting night’ said Cara.
‘Yes he did. Sounds kind of scary.’
She laughed. ‘A small army of loyal machines at my side, and steel shutters over the windows took the edge off any fright. So what do you think, Rafe? Was it lightning?’
‘I have my doubts...’ I had to admit.
She nodded. ‘I didn’t think so either. And I know enough about security systems to know that moving shadows don’t set them off. Judging from where we found poor Tatan and Yungkan and their attitude, I’m guessing that we need to take a closer look at the boathouse. Shall we?’ 
‘Lead on,’ said Di Ai cheerfully.
Cely and I exchanged wary glances, but fell in line.



Chapter 12  Beyond the Hidden Door



01
The large concrete boathouse was set into the bank of the ravine and faced a small, shallow pool formed by the creek’s meeting with the broad sandy beach. Were it not for the fact this was a low-grav moon, it would’ve been hard to float any boats in the stream that cut its way through the sands. The stairs down ended on a concrete pier with two light drawbridges across the two boat slips of water that led into the boathouse.
Cara opened the door to the boathouse at the foot of the steps and switched on its lights.
‘The door isn’t locked?’ I asked, as I followed the gang in.
She shrugged. ‘Between Tatan, Yungkan, and a perimeter security system, it is hardly necessary.’
We stood at the edge of the first boat slip allowing our eyes to adjust to the light. One of the slips was for a large powerboat, the other for a tri-hulled sailing craft. Both of these vessels hung above the dark water on slings connected to rails set in the high ceiling. A small dinghy hung over the walkway between the two slips.
‘If there were intruders rather than falling limbs and shadows, this would seem to have been their most likely goal, seeing that they chose a very awkward way to enter the property. There are easier ways, as we all know,’ Cara said, flashing us a smile. ‘Let’s see if they left any evidence.’
She stepped forward, talking as she went. ‘The floor is wet. No doubt the storm surge pushed a fair amount of sea water up the creek and into here at its peak. In any event, it tells us nothing.’
She next stepped over to where the cable that led to the fixture on the ceiling holding the powerboat aloft. It ended in a crank drum that would be used to lower the boat into the water. She ran her finger across the cable and the crank handle and held it up. ‘Dusty. It hasn’t been used in quite some time.’ She flashed her hand light’s beam up to the boat. ‘The canvas cover looks too dusty as well. No sign of it having been disturbed. I’d say that they weren’t interested in the powerboat.’
‘Excellent detective work,’ exclaimed Di Ai cheerfully. ‘And the sailing craft? Is that the boat Captain Targen sailed to his unfortunate death?’
‘I believe so. It was recovered some distance ashore and repaired,’ she replied, walking along the deck at the back of the boathouse to the other slip.  She repeated her tests with the lift for the sailboat, and the little dinghy, with the same results. ‘It doesn’t look like they were interested in the boats. So perhaps it was something in the back storage room,’ she said, walking back to the door in the back wall. ‘Let’s have a look inside.’
While it had been the better part of five hours since the initial alarm and unlikely that any intruder would still be about, someone deploying a blinder laser wasn’t your common thief. And, as I knew from personal experience, the Seven Syndicate played for keeps. No point taking any chances.
‘Let me have a look,’ I said, holding out an arm to prevent her from passing me. ‘Stand back behind me, just in case. We want to give anyone inside a quick escape route.’
‘Is that really necessary?’ 
‘Let him, Cara,’ said Di Ai, quite seriously, for a change. ‘He’s an old hand at this sort of thing. A professional. He spent six years of a stint in the Patrol in contraband suppression. That involved boarding potentially hostile ships and orbital warehouses. If intruders did disable your foo dogs, they’re not your garden variety of thieves. They could be really dangerous.’
‘By the thieves of Farish Dar, Cara. We can’t be too careful,’ added Cely, pulling Cara back and close to the wall, behind him.
‘Right,’ I said, seeing that everyone was against the wall and the route to the door clear, ‘Let’s see...’
 I unlatched the door and slowly pushed it open, my little handheld light in my left hand. I would’ve liked to have grabbed my darter out of my pocket, but I didn’t think that was in character – or hopefully, called for.
As the door swung open, I quickly flashed my light into the part of the room I could see. There was no one against the wall on the short side of the room – there was only a meter or so of space on that side of the door. I swiftly ducked over to the other side of the door, giving it a final push and swept the rest of the room with my light. It revealed a large room lined with shelves full of boating gear and a large collection of water toys and such, in piles against the shelves. But nothing else.
I reached in and found the light switch.
‘It’s clear,’ I said, stepping into the room.
The others followed me in, to gape at all the dusty and spider-web draped gear.
‘Apparently some Valsummers were more social than Captain Targen,’ said Cara, looking around at stacks of skis and paddle boards, and the kayaks hanging from the ceiling, and all other water gear on the shelves. She walked to the far side, and back, inspecting the shelves. And as we examined the nautical gear on the shelves – Cely with a professional eye – she stepped back out into the main chamber.
When she returned, she announced, ‘This room does not run the full length of the boat house. There’s at least four meters unaccounted for. You would think that being set into the side of the ravine, it would be flush with it. I wonder...’
She stepped over to the far side of the storeroom. Looking down, she pointed to the floor and exclaimed. “Ah-ha! Look!’
And as we crowded around, she said, ‘That’s a smear of mud. There’s plenty of sand on the floor, but that’s mud. Since the floor is wet, I can’t say for certain that it’s fresh. But since we know that the intruders could not have arrived from the beach, with the storm surge washing over it to the rocks at the base of Cav’s bluff, they had to have come from the road and then down through the woods. They would likely have brought along some of the mud from the river bank with them on their shoes.’
‘Was there any mud on the deck in the outer room?’ asked Di Ai.
‘I didn’t see any, but the sloshing of water from the slips in the storm surge could well have wiped out any trace of mud away.’
 ‘If I’m right, they stood here.’ Cara continued, more to herself than us.’There doesn’t appear to be anything moved, much less missing, from the shelves – no bare hole in the dust. Ah-ha… But there are no spider webs,’ she added, flashing her light around the edges of the shelves against the wall and ceiling. 
‘If there are four meters of missing space behind these shelves, they probably move as one piece...’ she muttered, running her light along the right side edge of the shelves along the wall.
On tiptoes she reached up and into a head high shelf and fumbling about, found, and pushed some sort of hidden latch. The whole section of the shelves lurched a little.
‘By the rings of Pharrella, a secret door!’ exclaimed Cely. 
‘Brilliant, my dear Cara Cere!’ exclaimed Di Ai. ‘I’m very impressed!’
Cely and I stepped forward.  ‘Let me, go first again,’ I said. 
She smiled, nodded, and stepped back, graciously letting the brave boys play their part.
I cautiously pushed open the heavy shelving. It was pitch black beyond the swinging shelves. I flashed my light through the opening. The beam revealed a metal grate landing, that ended in steep and narrow metal stairs leading downwards. I aimed my light down through the grating into a dark pit. It was perhaps five meters deep – well below the waterline of the creek and sea beyond. The wall on the left was the bare rock of the ravine. Other than the landing and steps down, the chamber was empty. 
With the gang crowding in behind me, I started down the steps. We ended up in a clump at the bottom staring at a blank stone wall.
‘By the tombs of Taratear, this must lead to somewhere,’ muttered Cely.
‘There’s a hidden door in the rock wall,’ said Cara confidently, stepping over to it to run her fingers across the rock. She then banged her fist on it, putting her ear close to the wall. ‘It’s hollow. I could just feel a faint reverberation,’ 
Di Ai and I exchanged glances. We’d encountered something very much like this recently.
‘There’s probably a hidden control panel along this side,’ said Di Ai, stepping to the far side of the room under the landing. ‘Ah, there’s a straight little crack here,’ she said, running her hand along a slight crack in the stone wall. ‘So the control console should be about here…’ It didn’t take her long to find it – it was at the expected height. She found the thin crack of the console and pried its small cover open to reveal a keypad. ‘Looks to be a standard airlock entry console.’
‘Now all we have to do is somehow discover the entry code,’ said Cara, adding, ‘That may be a problem. I wonder if Parson knows it...’
‘It’s not when you have d’Mere on your side,’ said Di Ai, with a smile. ‘There’s a backdoor to everything in the Unity. And since this looks to be a Unity standard airlock installation, there’s a classified code that certain members of the Patrol and Guard have access to that will override any entry code. And I’m certain, Rafe here, the ex-contraband control tech, still knows it. He has an amazing talent for remembering numbers. Am I right, d’Mere?’
Ah, vanity. The prudent thing to do, would’ve been to deny that I remembered the code. It was, after all, eighteen digits long, and a decade ago since I last had to use it. But as I said… vanity.
‘I suppose that I can give it a try,’ I muttered, stepping over to the panel. ‘Stand back again. This isn’t a lark.’ This last warning to Di Ai and Cara, who seemed to be caught up more in the excitement of discovery than the danger of meeting someone dangerous, and perhaps desperate. For all the good it did.
This class of entry codes began with a set three digit prefix, and once I punched that in, the rest of the numbers just flowed out of my memory to my fingers. And with the last one entered, there was the moan of servo-motors and the thin crack in the faux stone wall began to widen as the large airlock door began to swing into the cargo sized airlock chamber. The lights inside sprang on, and shot a widening path of light out, into our little subterranean antechamber. 
I turned to my companions and said, ‘Now, please stay here. This time. Please?’
‘Lead on, d’Mere,’ said Di Ai. And leaning close, added in a whisper, ‘I’ll cover you.’
Seeing no point in arguing with Di Ai, I slipped into the airlock chamber. Two quick bounds carried me to the open inner door. Beyond lay a long, and apparently empty, corridor lit by several dim lighting panels in the ceiling. The air was cool, mechanical, and dead – it hadn’t moved in a very long time. It smelled of decay – not organic decay, but of dust and mechanical things. It tasted, vaguely, like the air of space ships, only, well, as I said, dead. And it was silent as a tomb – there was no background hum of hidden machinery to give it any life at all.
Di Ai pulled up behind me, and knowing that Cara and Cely would quickly follow, despite my request, I pushed on ahead, down the corridor, running my left shoulder along the wall, with my right hand in my pocket gripping my darter. Five paces brought me to the first door on my right. It was dark. I swung my handheld light’s beam into it. It was a large empty room of long benches and lined with wide lockers – an over-sized version of the customary spacesuit locker room found close to airlocks.  I stepped over and letting go of my pocketed darter, I found the light switch inside the door, which ignited a motley collection of old, off-color light panels in the ceiling.
Besides the lockers, many open and empty, the room was deserted, so I led Di Ai and Cara inside. Cely had, wisely in my view, hung back. Large, heavy spacesuits still hung in some of the lockers. All were of the armored, combat variety, well worn, with no insignia. 
‘They’re combat suits,’ said Di Ai, in a loud whisper. 
‘Yeah.’ I said, inspecting the nearest one. ‘Patrol standard style, but probably drift world made.’
‘I bet this is another Bright Dark Solutions facility,’ she said, looking around. ‘It must have been their mercenary base. Or one of them.’
‘Yah,’ I said again, looking about. ‘There’s at least 50 lockers. How does that fit in with your research?’ I asked, careless of her cover. I didn’t think she’d be needing it much longer.
‘Back in those days they could have supplied a small army, if a customer could’ve afforded one. This might be only one of several such bases – or there may be more locker rooms.’
Cely slipped in and looked around. ‘By the dragons of Darthe, we’ve found a pirate base!’ 
‘It looks like we have. I think perhaps we should retire and call in the authorities,’ I suggested on the remote chance that any of the others might agree.
Di Ai stepped close and whispered. ‘Quit playing the adult. We are the authorities.’ But in a louder voice, said, ‘d’Mere might be right. Cely, why don’t you take Cara back up to the house and call the Constabulary. d’Mere and I will do a quick scout of the rest of the facility and join you guys in ten minutes or so.’
Cara, of course, was having none of that. ‘While Rafe may have some training in this sort of thing, why should I go back while you stay?’
‘I can’t leave Rafe here without a back up.’
‘I should think that I could do that just as well.’
‘I’ll stay with Rafe. Blast and plasma darts, I’ve had training in how to deal with pirates,’ said Cely. ‘Let us make certain we’ve this place to ourselves and then you can explore it at your leisure.’
‘I’ll stay, with d’Mere,’ Di Ai replied. ‘He’s mine to look after.’ 
‘He’s my guest here...’
Figuring that the safest thing to do was to let everyone argue this out in the locker room, I took the opportunity to slip out, and head deeper into the facility.
 I glanced down at the floor for signs of recent footprints, but saw nothing conclusive. What little dust on the floor looked… Well, to be honest, it told me nothing. I must have missed something.
I pushed ahead, deeper into the facility, even as Di Ai, Cara and Cely had settled their discussion and quickly caught up with me. We came upon another doorway. This one’s door was closed. I stepped over and carefully opened it. My handheld light, cutting through the pitch blackness, revealed it to be a large shower room with personal lockers. We pushed on. Our footfalls and whispered speculations sounding loud in the absolute silence of the facility. 
We next came to a double doorway that opened onto what was probably a large lounge room, though all its movable furnishings were missing. We explored it briefly, and moved on to a media room, a gym, and a large mess room that branched off from this central lounge. We briefly inspected each, including the large commercial kitchen beyond the mess room, with several empty storage lockers. In all of them, the movable furnishings and appliances were missing.
We returned to the abandoned lounge.
‘It looks to have been systematically abandoned,’ I said. 
‘Or perhaps recently stripped of salable goods,’ suggested Cara. ‘I have to believe that my ancestors knew of this facility. And I have to believe, so does Parson… Yes, we’re going to have to have a long talk...’ she added, grimly.
‘I think that given its relatively close proximity to the armory, this has to be another Bright Dark Solutions facility,’ said Di Ai, looking about the lounge. ‘The airlock places it in the same time period – Fairwaine prior to terraforming.’
‘Bright Dark Solutions being?” asked Cara. 
‘It was an illegal staffing company that supplied mercenaries to interested parties some seven thousand years ago. It was the same company that had all those weapons stashed away on your great grandfather’s land in the hills,’ replied Di Ai.
‘Do you think great grandfather had anything to do with the company?’
‘Not likely with that company. That firm went out of business, rather abruptly, and violently, seven thousand years ago. I doubt that the Valsummer’s shipping company would have had anything to do with mercenaries… way back then. But clearly at least one of your ancestors knew of this facility, since they built the boathouse to hide its entrance.’
She paused, and then continued. ‘Given how far we had to go down to reach the airlock door, it would’ve been buried in the sand with the subsequent creation of the sea. So it would almost seem like they had, at some point, acquired knowledge of it, in order to know it was here and where to find it.’ 
‘Well, well, what do we have here?’ said a voice we didn’t recognize from behind us.
We spun around.
‘Ah, the Patrol agent, the sailor fellow, the vid company lady, and, I presume, the new Valsummer. Quite a party,’ it said, answering its own question.
It being a slim, tall figure clothed entirely in black that stood framed in the wide lounge doorway. It wore a black knit cap pulled down to its glowing eyes, and the long knit collar of its thin, black woven jersey was pulled up to cover the bottom half of its face. Only a slit of gold on either side of its glowing eyes showed it to be a bot. A backpack was slung over its shoulder. And in one of its black gloved hands, it held a large darter. Pointing at us.
‘Stand very still,’ it commanded with a flick of its darter. ‘Don’t make a move or you will regret it…’
We did as ordered.
‘These scenes are so dramatic in the vids,’ it continued, after a pause. ‘Alas, I find that I’m not up to the task of making mine dramatic. Stand still is all I can think to say… Ah, yes. I do have one more thing to say. A word of advice. Keep this secret. A facility like this should’ve been reported to the authorities when it was found. It wasn’t. This could be big trouble, if they find out about this now.’ 
And with that warning, it turned and sprang out of sight, down the corridor.
Less than a second later, Cara took off after it. We had no choice but to follow. We caught a glimpse of it, down the long corridor, as it raced through the airlock. It leaped and swung itself up to the small platform, before disappearing from sight. Cara didn’t stop, so neither did we. Down the long corridor, out through the airlock, up narrow steps three at a time, with Cara in the lead. Into the storeroom and through the boathouse to come to a panting rest on the dock outside.
Cara stood in the darkness pointing to the sea. ‘It jumped across the creek and took off down the beach. Can we follow it?’
‘It’ll out race us. But I think I know where it’s going!’ exclaimed, Di Ai. ‘We can beat it there in the van!’
‘Then let’s go,’ said Cara, starting up the steps without waiting for our agreement.
I thought the idea was crazy – and pointless. But I wasn’t asked my opinion, so I followed the gang up the stairs and around the carriage house where Di Ai and Cely were already piling into the Fix-it-all Shop van.


02
The van had only two seats forward, so Di Ai and Cely had climbed through the front seats into the back to kneel behind the front seats, allowing Cara the second front seat.
‘Drive directly to that little patch of woods before we get to Rendezvous House,’ directed Di Ai from over my shoulder as I strapped myself in. ‘And pile on the gees – we need to be in position before it passes that point.’
‘Where are we headed to?’ asked Cara as I spun the van around.
‘Rafe noted a very shy bot at the house of Dory Vass when he delivered your bot to him. He also recognized someone else there that he’d met before – under, shall we say, uncomfortable conditions. A person connected to the same criminal organization that leased Deer Forest Lodge and operated the armory on Captain Targen’s land in the hills. I think we just met that shy bot.’
‘You seem to know a lot about this affair,’ Cara said, glancing back.
‘It’s what I was sent here to research,’ replied Di Ai, no doubt with one of her evasive smiles.
‘The bot identified you as a Patrol agent, Rafe. Are you one, or can’t you tell me?’ Cara asked, turning to me.
‘I’m not. I did one hitch as a tech in the Patrol, but that was enough for me. I’ll be going back to being a ship’s engineer when Captain Mor returns.’
‘So why did the bot say that you were a Patrol agent?’
‘It saw me when I delivered your bot to Dory Vass. There was someone else there who knew me, and I him, from my time as the second engineer of the Tzarista Moon just before I arrived in the Co-op. He apparently got the wrong idea about me from this fellow. But that’s a long story...’ I paused while turning the van onto the Shore Road. 
‘It sounds like a very interesting story...’
‘I’ll spin the yarn for you, some day. But for now, let’s just say that I signed on to the wrong ship at the wrong time, and then found myself in just the right place at just the right time. From my perspective. From another perspective – say that of a certain criminal organization that wanted the ship destroyed – I was the wrong person in the wrong place at the wrong time. They weren’t happy about that. I managed to escape at least a mind-wipe and landed here in Pine Cove, adopting the role of a toaster tech, with the help of Cely.’
‘How so?’ she asked, glancing back to Cely.
‘When I arrived in Pine Cove, literally, on the run, I arrived without a scrip point to my name. Cely very generously treated me to breakfast on my honest face….’
‘Don’t forget the meal token from Tiva’s Nine Star Diner on Varentre,’ added Cely.
‘That sounds like Cely,’ she said, looking back again to give him a smile. ‘It sounds like it will be an interesting yarn. So, what else do you have to do with all this, Cely? What do you know about this affair that I don’t know?’
‘All I know for certain is Rafe’s yarn.’
‘I figured I owed him the truth. And well, I figured he'd see through any lie I could come up with. So the truth would have to do,’ I added.
‘But he hasn’t told me any more. And, by the moons of Mara, I suspect I’m missing a lot.’
I could only shrug. 
‘So how all this lift and thrust ties in with that, I’m as in the dark as you are, Cara. We’ll have to get Rafe to fill us in… But right now, I think he better pay attention to what he’s doing. Keep a close eye on the road, Rafe. There will likely be vehicles and slow farm wagons on the road, without lights...’ he added, peering ahead as I raced down the narrow road in the deep darkness of cloud-darkened dark day, my headlights darting this way and that with every little curve of the road. 
I could sense that Cara wasn’t very satisfied with our answers. But she must’ve decided that this wasn’t the time to press us for better ones, since she then asked,  ‘What’s our plan?’
I spared her a quick glance. ‘Do we have one?’
She laughed. ‘Not really.’
‘I think I know where it is heading,’ said Di Ai. ‘Dory Vass’ house. If we can beat it to Greenwood, we might be able to confirm that, or see where it goes beyond that house.’
‘It was running all out. Can we outrace it?’
 ‘It might be a close run affair. However, the sand, even the wet, hard packed sand should slow the bot down a bit. And there may be some rocky points and perhaps some surf to deal with as well, since the sea is still high. But it’s worth an effort,’ replied Di Ai. ‘Just to see if, well, those people are still around. I would’ve thought that they would’ve lifted, once they saw d’Mere was on to them.’
‘I don’t think it’s a bot,’ said Cely, adding, ‘Look at this.’ He handed Cara two small black pucks wrapped in spider thin wire.
I took a second to glance at what Cara was holding. ‘Transponders?’
‘I believe so. I happened to notice one magnetically attached to the bottom of the airlock wall just inside the door when we first entered. The wires up led to the second unit attached to the bottom of the landing.’
‘So?’ asked Cara.
‘Once the airlock door was closed, the facility would be shielded from radio contact from the outside. Now it is possible that a true bot might want, or need, to contact someone or some machine on the outside. But I think it’s far more likely that we’re not dealing with a bot, but with an avatar – a machine that someone is controlling from a remote location. For that to work, a radio link would be necessary. The outside transponder relays the instructions to the avatar inside via the wire and the unit inside the facility. Once we opened the airlock door, they were no longer necessary, so that when I collected them, it didn’t matter.’
‘Excellent work, Cely. I missed it,’ I exclaimed.
‘Good work,’ said Di Ai. I could hear her patting him on the back. ‘I missed it as well.’
 ‘I’m sure you’re right about it being an avatar,’ I added. ‘Mactavish has been pretty definite about no sentient machines working for the syndicate all along. He can be pretty evasive when he cares to, but in this case I believe him.’
‘While a bot running the syndicate was possible, it seemed unlikely,’ added Di Ai.
‘So you think that avatar – or rather whoever is controlling it – is the head of this syndicate?’ asked Cara.
‘Or his or her right hand lieutenant. The syndicate head has only had a small staff here in the Co-op…’ and she launched into a brief explanation why.
‘You know a lot about this syndicate,’ said Cara.
‘I was able to get some basic briefings out of the Guard in Prime,’ replied Di Ai, evasively, adding, ‘Wooh! as I braked hard when my headlights picked out a lumbering harvesting machine ahead. I braked hard, swung the buggy sharply to one side and passed it at a reasonable, safe, speed.
‘You were quite the detective yourself, back there,’ Di Ai said to Cara once she and Cely had untangled themselves. ‘Very professional, in fact.’
‘I was impressed as well,’ I said, truthfully, but also to cover Di Ai, who I had a feeling was not entirely happy being interrogated by Cara.
‘Thank you. It was fun to do it, for real. Usually I just imagine it in my head. And make it work...’ she added with a laugh.
‘Ah, a mysterious answer. We like our mysteries, don’t we?’ said Di Ai.
‘Apparently we do,’ she replied, giving Di Ai her version of the evasive smile. ‘But since I’ve already told Cely my little secret, I’ll share it with you and Rafe as well. I write mystery stories for a living. I write books and produce a vid as well, just like Cely.’
‘You’re a writer too, Cely?’ asked Di Ai.
‘Well, yes. but she’s a far more successful and famous one than I am,’ said Cely. ‘By the jewels of Janipar. Far more famous.’
‘I take it that you write under a pen name,’ Di Ai said to Cara.
‘Yes. Clivette Yon. But you’re not surprised. Are you?’
‘Oh, I’m quite surprised. I would never have imagined that both you and Cely are writers. Pine Cove sure has its share of secrets.’
‘It appears so,’ Cara said, with her version of a noncommittal smile directed at Di Ai.



03
I pulled the van off the road alongside the dark woods five minutes later. We climbed out, heedless of the tall wet grass we found ourselves in. We could hear the surf rolling ashore in the darkness across the field.
‘No talking once we’re in position. And keep out of sight. The avatar will likely have enhanced senses, and I don’t think we want to be seen by it again. That might annoy the operator. Whoever it is, isn’t likely to take our curiosity kindly,’ said Di Ai as we jogged for the beach along the edge of the dark woods.
We settled into the wet grass and bushes just inside the woods at the edge of a low bluff that fell to the beach. The racing clouds were beginning to break up and the glowing orb of Vilwaine dodged playfully in and out of them. The scope of our vision expanded and contracted with the passage of these clouds. The beach was no longer covered in surf, but the pale waves were still rolling smoothly in and curling in pale running lines up and down the narrow band of sand. 
‘I don’t see any foot marks in the sand,’ whispered Di Ai. ‘If it comes all this way, we’re here first.’
As it turned out, we didn’t have long to wait to find out. Indeed, Vilwaine broke through the clouds just as the slim shadow-shape raced by us in long, graceful, tireless strides. After it passed, we stirred to get a view of the path that led up to Rendezvous House, beyond the woods. 
The avatar slowed, but passed the path, only to stop several cottages down the beach. It glanced back down the beach, before turning inland and disappearing behind the dunes and low bluffs.
‘Let’s see if it circles back,’ whispered Di Ai, as she stood, and raced along the edge of the bluff to the fence line of the Rendezvous House property. We followed more cautiously, keeping to the woods. Di Ai had taken position where she could see both the front and back doors of the house. We waited for perhaps five minutes for the avatar to appear. But it didn’t.
‘Well, what should we make of all this?’ I asked, expecting no answers, as we started back for the van.
‘Interesting. I believe Silha Han also owns another cottage, just a few cottages down from this one. It may be where the avatar left the beach. Something to note, anyway.’
Which is all she could do. Thankfully.
As we emerged from the woods, a slim dark shadow of a figure emerged from behind the van, holding that large darter in its hand.
‘You were careless,’ the avatar said.
‘Apparently,’ admitted Di Ai quietly.
‘What am I going to do with you?’ the avatar asked, shaking its head.
Fortunately, I had a ready answer. ‘Nothing. Not if you value your life.’
‘You think so?’
‘I know so,’ I replied, as confidently as I could. ‘At the moment you’re on the edge. Your safety from capture and extradition to the Unity rests entirely on not being seen as a criminal here in the Co-op, coupled with the Guard’s reluctance to press the issue. But they have a legal right to come and collect you any time they care to. Politics and apparently fresh vegetables have so far prevented that from happening...’ And the fact that they hadn’t identified them yet. But I didn’t mention that. ‘But now that you’ve committed a crime, damaging two very valuable machines, plus trespass – it might be enough to trigger a full Guard reaction. Or not. It’s a chance you’ll have to take.
‘But if you harm a hair on any of our heads, Guard or Patrol action becomes a certainty. Especially if I am an actual Patrol agent. The Patrol won’t wait on the Guard to act in that case. And the Patrol won’t care if the citizens of Fairwaine have to eat vegetables concocted in their synth-galleys for a few months – until the Co-op realizes that it needs the revenue from its agricultural exports, and calls any response off.
‘And that’s not even considering your status as a bot. You have to know that outside of the Co-op, bots are still looked upon with some unease. And a bot gone bad, like you… Well, they’ll get you no matter where you run to.’
‘Oh, I have many places I’ve prepared for this. I’m not frightened by hollow threats.’
I shook my head. ‘They’re not hollow. Whether you realize it or not, there are all sorts of threads tied to you already. And you know how the Unity deals with a bot gone bad. They’ll destroy your AI unit as a defective part. You’ll be dead. As dead as any organic being. And I can promise you, if you harm any of us in any way, you’ll be dead within days. That’s not a hollow threat. That’s a promise.’ 
It was, however, a desperate one. Pirate princes were not known for their generosity in victory or in defeat. But you don’t deal with pirate princes from a position of weakness. Not if you can help it.
They – he or she at the avatar’s controls – considered their options – which alone assured me that this was, indeed, an avatar with a human somewhere remotely controlling this machine. A true sentient machine would’ve weighed its options and have made its decision within a second.
‘Perhaps I need to invite one of you to accompany me, to insure your silence.’
 I shook my head again. ‘We aren’t going to play that game. It won’t buy you any time. In fact, it will do just the opposite. It’ll have the authorities after you on a top priority basis. And you wouldn’t be dealing with the local Constabulary, either. You’d be dealing with the Patrol and the Guard on max priority. Right now they’re dismantling your organization. You’re just a bonus. But make it personal, by taking a hostage, and they’ll lift hard and fast to find you. Besides, a hostage would make your escape more complicated. Trust me, take my advice. You should use your relatively low priority to disappear. Now, while you still can.’ 
‘Trust you? Why should I do that?’
‘Because what I’m saying is in the best interests of all of us. If you let this ride, we get out untouched, while you’ll stay a lower priority that will give you more time to find a deep bolthole, and perhaps to live on, beyond the next few hours.’
He or she, considered their options again, somewhere, as we held our breath. Bluffing pirate princes is usually not a winning hand.
‘Don’t cross me again. Next time, I won’t hesitate to eliminate any of you, and take my chances,’ it said, at last, and then leaped at us, sending us scattering. Looking back, the night swallowed it up.
‘You’re a hard, ruthless man, Rafe d’Mere,’ said Di Ai, shaking her head. ‘It’s a good thing that you don’t turn the full force of your personality on this poor girl. I doubt that I could resist you.’  That was a lie.
‘I’d no choice. I was dealing with a pirate prince.’ I replied sternly, while my heart rate slowly returned to normal. ‘Let’s lift before he or she changes their mind.’
As we started back for Valsummer House, Cara said, ‘It was clever of you to treat it as if it was a bot rather than an avatar.’
‘I had a strong feeling that we didn’t want to appear to know too much. If the avatar operator thought that it had fooled us, and presumably the authorities as well, they might feel less desperate behind the guise of a bot and not take any desperate action.’
Di Ai gripped my shoulder. ‘He’s a cool customer under pressure.’



Chapter 13  Speculation and Speculations



01
When we arrived back at Valsummer House, Parson was waiting for us.
‘Is everyone okay? We saw you racing away and became concerned.’
‘We’re all fine, Parson,’ replied Cara. ‘’We have further things to investigate in the boathouse. However, we should be up for lunch at noon.’
‘We shall relay that to Mava, milady.’
I paused to let the others start down the stairs. Before turning to Parson. ‘We’re going to have to have a long, cozy talk, Parson. It will probably be either me or the authorities.’
‘As you wish, sir,’ he replied, seemingly unperturbed.

It didn’t take us long to find where the avatar had been when we had arrived. Deeper in the complex than we had explored before, we came upon a row of offices, one of which had an open door hidden behind a bare bookshelf that opened to a stairway that led to an upper level. This level was likely the corporate headquarters, with its own collection of offices, residential suites, a cafeteria, media and other recreational rooms. Unlike the lower mercenary housing, this level seemed to be less touched by scavengers, though items like desk chairs were still rather scarce.
The last, and largest in a series of offices, likely the chief operating officer of the Fen Dow’s secret staffing service was entirely untouched. It did, however, hold one strangely grim surprise.
‘Yikes,’ I exclaimed as I turned on the lights to see a still, black figure sprawled, half in the chair facing the desk, and half on the floor.
It proved to be the bot I had delivered to Rendezvous House several days ago. Like the avatar, it had been dressed in a form-fitting black outfit. However, the front of its shirt had been ripped down the middle, and its front panel taken off and cast aside. As I stepped closer, I saw that its central AI was missing.
‘What do you make of that?’ I asked, turning back to Di Ai, as Cara and Cely stepped into the room, Cely, with a ‘By the tombs of Taratear,’ exclamation.
Di Ai considered the question for a moment or two. ‘Clearly, it served its purpose. And having done so, became a liability.’
‘A liability?’
‘This robot can be connected to the Seven Syndicate via the presence of Enve Kree, your Tall Man, in Vass’s house. And thus, it could incriminate anyone associated with it. And as I said, they didn’t need it anymore. They just took its key component – its memory.’
‘Its daily memory was clear,’ I said, even as I knew that she was right. ‘There must have been a deep memory cache hidden in the service modules...’
‘That much is clear. And I don’t think I’m racing too far ahead of the facts when I say that is likely connected to Bright Dark Solutions. Its age matches the time frame we’d be talking about. And seeing that it was programmed to be a personal assistant/secretary bot, I’ll even go as far as to suggest that it was Car Dow’s personal assistant, and his secret keeper.’
‘Car Dow?’ I asked.
‘Car Dow, Fen Dow and Bright Dark Solutions’ major shareholder and executive officer at the time of its dramatic demise,’ Di Ai replied.
‘And I’ll venture even further to suggest that somewhere in the course of the Valsummer family history, this bot came into their possession, and at some point, they discovered that connection, and the secrets it held. It seems unlikely that Valsummer House was built on this land, over this secret complex purely by chance. But all that will have to be investigated. We’ll have to see what Parson knows about all this.’
‘Yes, we will,’ said Cara. ‘I think I need to know a little more about my family history.’
Di Ai nodded. ‘History is one thing. A more pressing question is how did the Seven Syndicate acquire knowledge of this bot and what secrets it must’ve held. Clearly, whatever that data was, it was worth more than a half a million point bot,’ she added with a nod to the abandoned robot in the chair.
‘Perhaps that question can be answered by seeing what’s behind that hidden door,’ suggested Cara, pointing to a wall of bookshelves that were slightly swung out.
‘By the jewels of Janipar, another hidden door! This is straight out of a Quest of the Tara Twins story. Blast and dance!’ exclaimed Cely, as Cara stepped over and swung the bookshelf open to reveal a thick, heavily armored door that opened into a walk-in vault lined with shelves.  All of which were quite empty. And a little dusty.
‘I’d imagine that an outlaw organization would accept payment in untraceable gems and other items of value, which would’ve ended up here. Though it seems that my ancestor may’ve found some use for them over the years. Clearly I’m going to have to report this to the Constabulary,’  Cara added, looking around the room.
‘Are you sure, Cara?’ asked Cely. ‘It could mean a lot of trouble, if the avatar knew what it was talking about.’
‘That’s the whole point. If I don’t say anything, I could be blackmailed for not reporting it. Trust me, I know that story backwards and forwards,’ she said with a small smile. ‘Besides, I don’t think it’ll be all that much of a problem. I’m innocent, and if there were any violations of the law, it had to have occurred, what?  Almost six hundred years ago when the land was purchased and Valsummer House built. There must be some limitations to those sanctions.’
‘I believe that the law in question is likely just used to disrupt the operations of ongoing criminal organizations. I doubt that they will make too much of a fuss about this installation,’ said Di Ai.
Cara gave her a quick, searching look, but nodded.  Looking around, she added, ‘I think we’ve seen all there is to see down here. I guess I’ll go up and ping the authorities.’
‘If you don’t mind, I think I’d like to stay down here a bit longer and to poke around the office a bit more. I have a feeling that we’re missing something important here. They could’ve come for the valuables in the vault, but I have to believe that they would’ve guessed that they’d be used long before now. So what did they come for, and why was the robot just abandoned?’
‘As you wish’, said Cara. ‘Remember, lunch at noon.’
‘Thanks.’
‘I’ll keep Di Ai company,’ I said.
Cara smiled. ‘Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.’
‘I’m not that bold.’ I assured her.
Di Ai settled into the seat behind the desk, and after Cara and Cely left, she muttered, ‘They got what they came for. I’m certain of that. But what was it that he or she came for?’ 
She started playing with the controls embedded in the surface of the desk. The hologram display sprang to life on the desk. ‘Well, well, imagine that, after all these years. Let’s see what it can tell us.’
I hauled around a chair and settled next to her, as she called up the most recent program.
‘Humm… The session was erased. Of course. What’s the access code to recover it, d’Mere?’ she asked without looking at me – until I didn’t answer her. ‘Well? I bet that you know it. There’s a code to recover erased sessions. I just don’t have it in my head.’
‘And you’re that certain that I do?’ I asked carefully. How much did she know about me and my, ah, talents?
‘Of course. As a contraband suppression tech you would’ve needed to access suspect systems. So it’s a code you would’ve had access to at one time – and have not forgotten it. I’m sure you remember them all.’
‘I know a couple.’ I admitted.
‘Don’t be modest. The Constabulary will be around shortly, and I want to know what your pirate prince was up to. I’ve got one massive report to make.’
I sighed, pushed her chair aside, and began to type in the type header code, and then, each of the next level digit clusters just came to me. As the lost session sprang to life, I rolled my chair back to let Di Ai get on with her work.
There were several more back doors to open, and then ten transactions to decipher. I let Di Ai do all the work after providing various access codes. She was as good as I expected, working back through the avatar’s session. Perhaps not as effectively as I would’ve, but still good. Ah, what a girl! She was so much more than a pretty face.
‘All they needed the robot for was to supply the necessary account codes. Didn’t you inspect its memory when you went over it d’Mere?’
‘Of course I did. As I said, the daily memory was wiped clean. The firmware and specialized programming showed no corruption, so I had no reason, at the time, to poke around those programs. Apparently there was a secret memory cache hidden in those specialized program modules that I missed.’ Because I wasn’t looking for them. But I didn’t say that.
‘Let that be a lesson, d’Mere,’ she said loftily, but with a laughing smile. ‘You need to be thorough.’
‘What are you two up to here?’ asked a voice from beyond the screen. ‘This is a crime scene. You shouldn’t be touching anything.’
Looking up we saw a solid man in civilian clothes, with Cara and Cely trailing behind him.
‘And who are you?’ replied Di Ai, loftily, but with her usual smile.
‘I am detective inspector Benzer, Co-op Constabulary, Carlora District. And you?’
‘I’m Lieutenant JG Vaun Di Ai, Patrol, VanTre Station, currently attached to the Guard task force investigating Seven Syndicate activities in the Agrilea Co-op. And I am currently in the process of conducting said investigation,’ replied Di Ai with remarkable coldness. This time without a hint of a smile. She could be very Patrol when she cared to be.
That set Inspector Benzer back on his heels a bit. ‘Do you have an ID to verify that claim?’ he asked, recovering his composure.
‘Yes, I do,’ she responded with her lofty smile returning. She pulled out a thin wallet and slipped her ID hologram badge across the desk.
‘This is the semi-autonomous Agrilea Co-op. You are outside of your jurisdiction, Lieutenant,’ he muttered, somewhat recovering his bluster.
‘I am, as I said, currently attached to the Guard. And this is an interplanetary crime site that predates the Agrilean Co-op.  While I would appreciate your cooperation, this is not a local matter, but a Guard investigation, Inspector. A Unity Law Section 7 – Subsection 37-45 investigation.’
She may’ve been making that last part up, but she sounded convincing enough to give Inspector Benzer something more to think about. In the meanwhile, he turned his intention to me.
‘And you, sir?’ he asked me, after slipping Di AI’s badge across the desk.
‘He is Rafe d’Mere, the robot repair tech in Pine Cove. He is currently providing technical assistance to me in my investigation.’
He gave me a hard look, but let it pass.’
‘And what have you found, Lieutenant?’ he asked, turning his attention back to Di Ai.
‘I don’t wish to appear uncooperative, Inspector, but I believe protocol in this matter requires me to report my findings to my superiors in the Guard, who will then pass what is deemed necessary along to your people. I hope to be done here in less than ten minutes, after which I will contact Fairwaine Prime to expedite that process. 
‘However, I trust that Cara Cere has briefed you on the events of this morning. I can say, with certainty, though off the record, that the house in Autumnwood, 87 South Shore Road, has been used as a rendezvous house for couriers meeting with the boss of the Seven Syndicate residing in the Co-op, as recently as three days ago. I expect that they’ll have taken flight by now. But it should be looked into, nevertheless. I would, however, strongly advise you to be very careful in any actions you may undertake in this affair. These people will probably not hesitate to use fatal darts if cornered.’
Inspector Benzer took that in, and couldn’t find his way around it. In the end, he said, ‘Right. Please keep me informed, Lieutenant.’ and left.
Cara paused only long enough to announce, ‘Lunch is almost ready, I’m told.’
‘Right,’ I replied. ‘We’ll be up shortly.’
‘So where were we?’ said Di Ai, turning to me, with a cheerful smile. ‘Ah, the last transaction. I would imagine that you’re getting hungry, so let's tackle that and wrap things up. I want to stop up at the house for a short talk with Parson and Cara before I make my report.’



02
Ten minutes later we were climbing the long series of steps up to the carriage house and across the stone paved courtyard to the great house. The dark day was brighter now. The clouds had cleared and the glowing globe of Vilwaine hung high in the sky. Ryban, the footman, admitted us into the house and Parson led us into the dimly lit great room where we found Cara and Cely sitting in a pool of golden light on one of the large settees. They stood as we entered.
‘Found anything of interest?’ asked Cara, looking at Di Ai.
‘We’ve found what the avatar was after,’ Di Ai replied.
‘Can you share that secret?’ 
‘Oh, I see no reason not to. But perhaps Parson can shed some light on it as well,’ she said, turning to him – faintly seen in the low light – with a smile.
‘As you wish, milady.’
‘Perhaps I should begin by apologizing for misstating my employer. As you no doubt gathered from my conversation with Inspector Benze, my actual employer is the Patrol, though my job is much like I described. I’m working as part of the Guard task force that has been assigned to investigate the Bright Dark Solutions armory in the hills and, hopefully, to dismantle the crime syndicate that had somehow acquired it, known as the Seven Syndicate. 
‘The interrogation of syndicate members rounded up by the Guard’s raid on that armory suggested that the syndicate boss was a resident, or frequent visitor, to the Co-op...’ and she briefly outlined her mission, and our findings.
‘I am all but certain that the avatar we met today was controlled by that syndicate boss. Which brings us around to what was so interesting about your bot, and then to what was so valuable that they would abandon that expensive bot after it had served its use.
‘But perhaps, Parson here can shed some light on that subject,’ she said, turning to him with one of her ever-so-nice smiles.
Parson looked to Cara, who nodded.
‘We are afraid that We can not shed a great deal of light on that subject, Lieutenant. We are, however, willing to share what We know about it.’
‘Excellent, Parson. Shall we start with what it is. May we assume that the bot was once the property of the Fen Dow Company?’
‘As customary with bots of that class, its daily memory was erased prior to every transfer of ownership, so We cannot say that with certainty. However,’ he added hastily, to avoid Di Ai’s next question, ‘it had, at some point in its career, been programmed with a certain secret subset of encrypted data that undoubtedly originated in the service of Fen Dow, and almost certainly as the personal assistant of the owner of Fen Dow and Bright Dark Solutions, given the sensitive nature of that data.’
‘Just so,’ said Di Ai, with a smile. ‘Can you tell us how the Valsummers acquired it?’
‘We are afraid that We cannot. The bot was likely acquired here in the Alantzian System, no doubt simply for use in the Valsummer Shipping office here on Fairwaine. This occurred at some point prior to Captain Leth Valsummer moving the family household and staff from Mythia in the Avalee system to this house. 
‘We believe that We should explain the dynamics of the last half dozen generations of Valsummers, before proceeding, if We might?’ this last directed at Cara.
She nodded, ‘If it would be helpful, certainly.’
‘Thank you, milady. We should begin by stating the fact that human relations can be messy. And We fear that the Valsummers, proceding you, milady, had become a messy family. The boldness and impulsiveness of the family that lead to thousands of years of success, had turned inwards. Each of these last generations were in conflict with each other. Neither Captain Targen’s son nor his grandson had much to do with him, or each other, for that matter. Nor he with his mother. We, the staff, tried to serve as a bridge between these generations, in order to maintain the family and the family business. We succeeded to a point. But only to a point. All of which is to say, that the history of the bot in question, and its impact on each generation is not a straightforward story.
‘Thus, We cannot say when it was acquired, nor when the secrets it held were discovered. The Valsummers were an honorable family. While the transportation of people such as oneself is deemed a crime in the Unity, the Valsummers viewed it as a moral imperative. It was to them, simply the right thing to do. However, as fortunes declined, ship by ship, they were forced to devote more of their business activity to the drift worlds. In dealing with drift worlds and drifters, there is inevitably an element of activity that falls outside of that approved by the Unity. The Valsummers were aware of what they were doing when they dabbled in such activities. We are certain that each of them was ashamed at what they felt they needed to do to keep the family solvent. Perhaps, because of this, they did not share this aspect of their business with the staff. Or perhaps they realized that this day would come, and wished to spare the staff the burden of admitting knowledge of their criminal activities. 
‘Nevertheless, We know enough about them to assure you, Lady Cere, that such activity played only a minor, but necessary part in their business. All of which is to say, We cannot say with any certainty how many of the secrets held in the bot were known to each generation, nor when, or how they acquired and used that knowledge.
‘However, We must begin at the beginning of our knowledge of it. This house had already been built over the pre-terraformed installation you discovered this morning when We and the staff arrived. While it is possible that it was discovered by accident, the most likely explanation is that Captain Leth Valsummer, the head at the time, knew of its existence, and acquired the land with the purpose of acquiring the installation as well. He likely built the boathouse to both gain access to the facility – as the entryway would’ve been buried in sand or under water, and to hide it at the same time. 
‘After our arrival, the succeeding members of the family stripped the facility,  over time, of its easily disposable assets. However, you must understand that the Unity tracks the performance of interplanetary business quite closely for smuggling activities, so that any unexplained jump in wealth would raise red flags. The Valsummers were well aware of this, so that the wealth of the facility had to be only gradually introduced into the business, with suitable explanations, such as the sale of cargoes in the drift at unexpected profits and such. In addition, given the state of relations between the generations, the secret was often withheld from the next generation until necessity required it to be revealed, so that the facility was exploited in fits and starts, as necessities demanded.
‘Captain Targen did not get along with his mother, Captain Nevera. She felt that he was too irresponsible to take control of the firm until shortly before her passing. The bot in question served as her personal assistant, and it is our understanding that while she did eventually reveal the existence of the facility below our feet near the time of her death, she did not reveal much else. Upon her death, Captain Targen, who viewed the bot as one with his mother, extracted what information he felt was useful from its daily memory, and then, perhaps wisely, erased it, and put the bot in storage, for several decades.
‘We cannot say how he became aware of the hidden data in the bot, or to the extent he knew of it. Indeed, but for the recent activity related to the data that the bot holds, We would’ve thought that he was unaware of it. But clearly that was not the case, as it appears that outsiders became aware of the secrets it held and have used it, though once again, We can not explain how they acquired it.
‘And indeed, milady, We regret to say that We can be of no more help. As We said, the Valsummers did not choose to share their darker dealings with us.’
‘Do you know why Captain Targen kept this bot in a warehouse in Prime, but apparently planned to bring it home in such a roundabout way?’ I asked.
‘We have given the matter some thought, sir.’
‘And?’
‘We feel that the most likely explanation was that he was hiding the bot, sir. Perhaps having shared some of the secrets that he discovered stored in the bot with people connected to the criminal underground of Fairwaine – We are thinking of the armory in the hills – he had either second thoughts, fearing some consequence. Or, perhaps, he concluded that keeping more information either unavailable, or for use later would best be served by burying a wrongly labeled bot in one of the businesses where he held shares. But with a label such that it would be sent back to him, if discovered.’
‘Do you have any idea who he might have shared this information with?’ Di Ai asked.
‘We could not say, Lieutenant. While Captain Targen had few friends, he had many business acquaintances beyond the Co-op, some of whom, no doubt, had ties to the criminal underground. We could probably go so far as to say that he would know who to contact, should he had wished to sell the secrets the bot carried.’
Di Ai nodded. ‘Thank you Parson. I have no doubt you are telling us all you know, if only because shielding Lady Cere from the truth would serve no useful purpose.
‘And I think your explanation concerning the storage and labeling of the bot is likely correct. However, I have to believe that he revealed far more than the location of the Bright Dark Solutions armory. I believe that the four of us met, second hand, the boss of the Seven Syndicate. This person knew not only the importance of the bot in question, but enough details as to how Captain Valsummer had hidden it, and how it could be delivered, if and when, he wanted it to be. The only thing that they did not know was where exactly Captain Valsummer had stashed it away. All of which suggests that he told someone a great deal about the bot and the secrets it held. Someone who, I have to believe, he thought, wrongly as it turned out, had no connection to the Seven Syndicate.’
Di Ai paused before shaking her head and continuing.
‘But that’s just one theory. A case could be made for the bot having been actually intended to be delivered to the Seven Syndicate prior to Captain Valsummer’s death, as they would have us believe. Still, why would he deliver it to them, unless he wasn’t told of all of the secrets it held? Which, I gather from Parson, is possible. But then, how did the Seven Syndicate come to know, or suspect the very valuable secrets it held, which, given their eagerness to collect or purchase the bot, it seems like they did?’
‘And why the robot, and not just the data it was hiding. Couldn’t that be copied?’ ask Cara.
‘I suspect that, given the extremely valuable and incriminating nature of the data, it was copy-secured. Not only could it not be copied, whatever is displayed on screen is an alias of the actual data, and useless if copied, as well. The only way to access the data is through the bot’s AI unit,’ said Di Ai, ‘Which is the whole point of entrusting it to a personal bot.’
‘And yet, it seems that this syndicate boss knew almost everything about the bot and its secrets,’ said Cara. ‘Including the secret vault.’
‘True, and that is a deep mystery. Did they learn about it from some other Valsummer at some point in the past? Or did Targen discover all its secrets, and then tell the wrong person about them? We’ll probably only know the full story once the syndicate boss is in the care of the Guard memory techs after he or she has been captured. However, we do know what they came here for today. And it wasn’t for the contents of the vault, but for something that they needed the bot and the codes entrusted in its AI unit to access.’
‘Which was?’ asked Cara.
‘The identity and access codes to the Bright Dark Solutions’ bank accounts.’
‘It’s bank accounts? After seven thousand years?’ exclaimed Cara.
‘Yes. The banks in question keep accounts open for ten thousand years.’
‘I’ve never heard of any bank that will keep an inactive account open that long, and I’ve looked into those things when researching my stories.’
‘You’re right, of course, in the Unity. However, we’re talking about banking outside of the Unity proper. Specifically the banks of the Crythia Colony. Back in the time of the Fen Dow company, before Fairwaine was completely terraformed, the Crythia Colony was a dissenting society that specialized in banking. A special type of banking, where its customers were identified only by a code, rather than names. 
‘As you can readily imagine, this type of banking attracted a great deal of illegally obtained credits. Not all of it, of course, was criminal credits,  there were credits that people just wanted to hide away, or keep out of the hands of creditors or heirs. But all of it is mostly dark credits. These banks paid no interest on credit deposited, promising only to redeem the certificates they issued for the credits deposited at the market value of those credits when withdrawn. But, of course, their customers were not investing their credits, they were stashing them away in a safe place.’
‘And the authorities allowed this?’ Cara asked. ‘Even dissenting societies are subject to the basic Unity laws. I’d have thought that the authorities would’ve never allowed those banks to operate in such a fashion in the first place. And you seem to be saying that they are still operating today, here on Fairwaine. Seven thousand years ago, in the Alantzia, well, I might understand it. But not today.’
Di Ai smiled. ‘It does seem counterintuitive, but the fact is that those banks serve a certain necessary function for a certain class of, shall we say, businesses. If the Unity closed those banks on Fairwaine, similar ones would open up on some little non-conforming world without any real Unity presence. That being the case, it was long ago determined that having those banks operate on Fairwaine, with its strong Unity presence, was in the best interest of law enforcement.  As we have proven today,’ Di Ai added, with another little smile.
‘How so?’
‘The Unity values stability and security above all else. As you saw this morning, everything has back doors. By keeping these banks well within the Unity’s oversight, it is far easier to trace illegal credit back to and through these banks – even if depositors are only identified by code. This ability to breach the security of these bank accounts, at least during the deposit or withdrawal phase, outweighs their use by criminal elements.
‘Today, for instance, the syndicate boss who invaded the complex used the complex info system to transfer credits from the Bright Dark Solutions’ ten accounts to four newly created accounts that her or she and the syndicate would have access to. 
‘However, thanks to various back doors, the codes of which Rafe seems to have on file in his brain, we were able to work back and reconstruct the avatar’s banking session using the installation’s info unit to trace the codes downloaded from the bot and entered into the banking system by the avatar. The Guard can now use this data to access those funds, if it cares to. Or simply follow them as they are moved about, and use that data to trace the syndicate links. Of course, we were lucky to have access to the very info system he or she used for the transactions, which allowed us to reconstruct the complete session. But still it illustrates the advantage of keeping these banks around.’
‘Interesting...’ said Cara. ‘Very interesting… How much was in those accounts?’
‘Nearly a billion credits at today’s rate total. Apparently war paid well seven thousand years ago. An amount far exceeding the value of the bot. And enough to have certainly gone a long way in restoring the fortunes of the Valsummers.’
‘But they didn’t use them.’
Di Ai shook her head. ‘No. They were untouched since the demise of Bright Dark Solutions. Either because the Valsummers did not realize what they were, or those Valsummers who did, did not dare to use them for fear of raising red flags. Or perhaps, they just considered them too tarnished to touch. Who’s to say? Can you add anything, Parson?’
‘We are afraid We cannot, milady. As We have stated, the Valsummers kept that side of their activities from us. Indeed, We were forbidden to enter the facility, though the staff knew of it, and its origin. No doubt, as the Valsummers wished, We are unable to render much aid in your inquiry.’
‘No doubt, Parson, no doubt. But in the end, most of this is ancient history. What concerns us is identifying and apprehending the remaining syndicate members in the Co-op. Especially our avatar’s alter ego. And pursuant to that goal, I think I must take my leave now. I need to file a report which cannot wait on what I am certain will be a delicious lunch, alas. My regrets to Mava.’
As she stood to make her exit, she added, ‘Either I, or the Guard investigators, will likely call on you in the coming days to fill in the blanks, tick boxes, and tie up as many loose ends as possible. I shouldn’t worry about anything, Cara. You’ve done nothing wrong, and with your stellar detective work, broke the case wide open. And as for Parson, and the rest of the staff, they need not worry either. The Guard will treat them as legal bots, which, is to say as class 4 or lower robots that cannot be held responsible for the actions of their owners.’ 
As she turned to go, she stopped and turned back to us, ‘Once again, I am really sorry to have deceived all of you. It simply did not seem prudent, or likely very productive, to operate openly as an officer of the Patrol.’
‘I should say not,’ replied Cara. ‘Who knows what they would’ve done.’
Di Ai laughed, ‘They probably would’ve done nothing to me. But maybe they would have acted with much more caution. Or not, seeing how fast they acted when they mistakenly took poor d’Mere here, as the Patrol agent. In any event, thank you for your friendship. I hope that we can meet again purely as friends, but if not, I wish you well. I think you will find that Valsummer House, Parson, the staff, and your friends...’ she smiled at Cely, ‘will make it hard to leave.’
Cara laughed. ‘I fear that you are right.’

I walked Di Ai back to the scooter.
‘We can meet again later. Right?’
‘I expect so. I need to bring the task force up to speed on our discoveries. They’ll need to move fast if they wish to either claim or trace the transfer of credits. Though I have to tell you, Rafe, I fear my mission here is coming to an end. There is little left for me to do. The rest is either a Guard and Constabulary police operation, or a covert-ops operation to identify and eventually apprehend Seven.’
‘Do you have an idea who Seven is?’
‘Oh, I know who she is. But I won’t be able to prove it. That will be the Guard’s task using the leads I intend to provide them.’
‘She?’
‘We’ll talk after I make my reports. I must go,’ she said, climbing aboard the scooter. ‘Be sure to enjoy your lunch, d’Mere. You won’t have to worry about me watching how much you eat. That should be a relief.’
And off she went into the dark day.



03
I dropped the foo dog parts that needed fixing or replacing off at the shop for Mactavish to sort, order and set up, and then spent the rest of the afternoon working on three other jobs that had piled up. I didn’t finish until almost 18:00.
I pinged Di Ai. ‘Are you free?’
‘You have two hours, d’Mere. I need to take the night train to Chartierra to meet and brief the Guard task force arriving to take over the investigation of the Valsummer site. It’s going to be a long night.’
‘I’ll meet you in the Cellar in fifteen minutes.’
‘I’ll be breathlessly waiting,’ she promised.
With the summer people gone, the Grand’s Cellar was dark, hollow, and all but deserted. We had no trouble finding a small table where we could talk.
‘So tell me –  she?’
‘Well, who do you think?’
‘I would imagine Silha Han.’
‘And why?’
‘Because she was a friend, or perhaps more than a friend, of Targen Valsummer. And if he told anyone about the bot and its secrets, it would’ve been a good friend like her. And perhaps because she was the last person to see him alive.’ I added, as an afterthought.
‘Yes, there is that as well. I doubt that he knew she was the boss of the syndicate. But maybe I am wrong on that.’
‘If she is.’
‘She is. And she might have killed him and made it look like a boating accident. If she’s a pirate prince, d’Mere, you can’t put it past her. We’ll only know that once she is in Unity custody and the memory techs start digging through her memories. My assertion that she is Seven is based on what the avatar said to us today. Do you remember what she said?’
‘She identified me as a Patrol agent, you as the vid lady, Cely as the boat fellow, and Cara as the new Valsummer.’
‘Not quite. She merely assumed that Cara was the heir. Think about it, d’Mere. She was present as the avatar when you delivered the bot, and so she labeled you as a Patrol agent based on the Tall Man’s mistaken idea that you were one. As a long time resident of the area, she would likely have met Cely and knew of his business. She knew me because I called on her in my guise as a research assistant for TriWorld. But she seems to have never met Cara Cere, since she merely assumed that she was Targen Valsummer’s heir. 
‘Now, both Cara and I arrived in Pine Cove at around the same time, and I dare say that the group of people who could identify both Cara and me on sight would likely include all the same people. If she had never met Cara in the last few weeks, it would be unlikely she would’ve met me either – had I not gone and called on her. Plus, that apparently friendly advice about not reporting the facility, since it would involve trouble, sounds to be like something that a person in the real estate business would know and think to mention.’
‘Why have you eliminated Cav Liu? He fits the profile of a good friend.’
‘Oh, he’s a possibility, I’ll grant you. But Silha Han is at the top of the list.’
I shook my head. ‘I’m not convinced. Cav Liu strikes me as a very smart person. The fact that he came over to talk to us while the avatar was in the facility, could easily be seen as a clever way to establish an alibi. And he could’ve deliberately not identified Cara for the same reason. He could’ve been at Rendezvous House as the avatar as easily as Silha Han. Plus, he knows a lot about real estate as well. And then, as the administrator of Valsummer’s estate, he would’ve known what sort of trouble having an outlaw’s facility on your land would bring with it, since he’s had to deal with the armory on Valsummer’s land. And finally, don’t forget that he greeted us with a “Well, Well.”  Repeating words is a vocal habit of his.’
‘Excellent, d’Mere. But you’ve missed the key point against him.’
‘And what is that?’
‘Judging from the eagerness of Seven, whoever they might be, displayed in acquiring the bot in question when it became available, and exploiting its knowledge, even in the face of a possible Patrol agent on the ground here, I think we can assume that he or she had a very good idea as to what was hidden in the bot. Don’t you agree?’
‘Well, I’ll grant you that.’
‘Cav Liu, as the Valsummer estate administrator, would have had access to all of Valsummer’s businesses. Knowing what the bot held, and their eagerness to acquire it, I’d have to believe that if Cav Liu was Seven, he would’ve searched every nook and cranny of every business and warehouse Captain Targen held an interest in, as well as Valsummer House. Even if the bot was in a mislabeled crate on the top rack of some warehouse behind some other boxes. I don’t think Cav Liu, if he was Seven, would’ve missed it. And given his powers as an administrator, he could’ve taken control of it upon finding it. The fact that it remained undiscovered until the Guard went through the warehouse associated with the Seven Syndicate and turned it up, tells me that Cav Liu is not Seven.’
‘I suppose...’ I had to admit.
‘Oh, I’ll list him as a possible Seven, and suggest that he be watched as well. He slots into a “possible” box. But Silha Han is in my “Most Likely” box, just below “Almost Certain,” and the “Is” box.’
‘Are you going to discount unknown players outside of the Co-op?’
‘If they exist, they’re not relevant to my mission. I’m here to identify a possible Seven in the Co-op. But I’m willing to bet credits to doughnuts that the links between Valsummer and Seven, all will be found to be within thirty kilometers of Pine Cove. And that we’ll know, hopefully soon, once I can convince the Guard or Constabulary to dig up enough evidence to arrest Seven on the break in at the old Valsummer Place,’ she said, with a smile.
‘I’ll drink to that.’ And we did.
‘Unfortunately, d’Mere, my mission here is likely completed. I’ve done all I can do within the limits of my assignment. This morning’s events may be well beyond what I was assigned to do, but I can argue that I was unavoidably carried along with the action. Which is the simple truth. If they believe me. But everything going forward will be police work and, if necessary, covert-ops by professionals. I’ve given them a ton of leads to work with, so I think that we can be optimistic that Silha Han, or whoever Seven turns out to be, will be apprehended based on my research, or by tracing the flow of credits from the Crythia Colony bank accounts to syndicate operations.’
‘I certainly hope so. And I would appreciate it if you pinged me when you do, so I can sleep more soundly at night.’
‘Come on, d’Mere, after that wonderful speech you gave about it being suicide to touch a strand of hair on your head?’
‘Everything I’ve heard during my time in the Alantzia says that you don’t cross pirate princes. I’ve broken that rule too many times to sleep soundly at night until the local pirate prince is safely tucked away in Felon’s Drift.’
‘Oh, I wouldn’t worry.’
‘That, I believe. You’ve said it often enough. But somehow, I still don’t find that particularly reassuring.’
‘Should I recommend assigning a bodyguard to you as an important witness? Given what you know and have done, I could justify it.’
I admit that I considered it for a second, before saying, ‘Thanks, but I think I will remain just plain d’Mere, toaster repairman who you seduced into driving you around.’
‘Your choice. I’ll honor your wishes. I don’t really know why you’re so shy around the Patrol. There is nothing in your record that anyone needs to be ashamed of. And given your pull, there’s nothing anyone in the Patrol could do to make trouble for you.’
‘As I said when we first met, I’ve my fill of the Patrol. And I want to get well out of my Patrol parents’ orbit to live my own life. Nothing more than that.’
She reached across the table and took my hand. ‘Whatever you want, Rafe.’
‘You know what I want.’
‘Except that,’ she laughed. ‘And you know why.’
‘I suppose I do. For now. I’ll wait.’
‘I can’t thank you enough for all that you’ve done for me, Rafe. Really, I can’t. All I can say is to live your life and find happiness with what comes with it. I plan to. Maybe we’ll meet again. The Nine Star Nebula isn’t all that big,’ she said, far too seriously. ‘But promise me that you’ll find happiness.’
‘I’ll live my life as it comes, and I’ll look you up not long after we round the halfway point. Be an admiral by then.’
She smiled, ‘Oh, I'm planning on it.’
‘Then stick to your desk.’
‘That’s not how you become an admiral.’
‘Oh you’d be surprised just how many of them reach that rank from a desk. Trust me, I know.’

I saw her off at the rail station. We hugged, and then she kissed me, before breaking free to climb aboard the train, not quite as carefree as she would’ve liked to be, I thought.



Chapter 14  Epilogue 



Di Ai did not return. She pinged me several times, over the course of a week, keeping me up to date on the case – as far as she was allowed. They did not feel that they had enough evidence, yet, to present to the AI judge that would authorize a mind-probe of the suspected Seven, so the investigation would continue.
In our last conversation, she said that she was booked to travel in a box back to VanTre the following day. And though she would’ve liked to have seen me again, she felt that it would be too cruel. I didn’t agree – and yet, did agree at the same time – so I didn’t insist.
And so she left, with the last of the summer people. And with those departures,  Pine Cove became a rather lonely place for me, once again. I had my toaster, bot, and appliance repairs to keep me semi-busy. Mactavish to keep me company.
Cely, too, was feeling lonely, with the loss of Cara Cere. Though for him, his loneliness was merely temporary. Cara returned to Liandra to make the many necessary arrangements to move to Valsummer House. She expected to be back for the next summer season. On the plus side, our breakfasts once again included a sweet roll or two.
Cav Liu, who Cara had once again put in charge of Valsummer House until her return, had Cely and I over for dinner at least once each week. He claimed it was to give Mava and the staff something to do. He was always an entertaining host, and if he was the pirate prince of the Seven Syndicate, he was, nevertheless, jolly company.
I did see a little less of Cely, as he was looking to expand his writing and producing beyond children’s stories, with a new adult series of space adventures, and spent several mornings a week working on writing and designing the vid companion to the series, in the hope that it would be picked up by Alantzia Entertainment, once he had hammered out the look and story line.
I received a radio-packet from Captain Mor. She, too, sounded happy. She assured me that she’d be ready to return to Pine Cove and the Fix-it-all Shop as promised. She must have gotten word from Mactavish about the Valsummer House affair, since she expressed some envy that I got to experience all the fireworks at the one time she was away on holiday. I told her that I was sorry she wasn’t here as well.
As for the Valsummer House affair, well, it settled down rather quickly. Not the gossip, of course, that went on, but the actual affair. Since the outlaw mercenary base had been established prior to the land it occupied becoming part of the Agrilea Co-op, the Unity officials in Fairwaine Prime determined that they had ultimate authority over the disposition of both the mercenary base and armory. I gather that after they concluded their investigation, they turned them over to Cara to do what she wished with them. Which was the end of the affair for her.
As I’ve said, I settled back into my old social routine of breakfast with the gang in the morning. Along with dinner at Valsummer House, I would dine at the Manse, as well. Since I was the only boarder during the off season, it was a family meal. I was welcome, but I still made several meals of my own in the kitchen above the shop. Plus once a week, at least, I’d roll around to the largely deserted cellar of the largely deserted Grand Hotel for a meal and a night of cards with Cely and a rotating cast of card players.
It was on one of those card nights, some a month or so into the cold off season, when, after stopping at the Manse to change out of my work clothes and freshen up,  I walked down the dark Harbor Street to The Grand, and down into the dim and largely deserted shadows under the Cellar’s stone arches. There, on a table with a view of the large fireplace with a dancing fire, I had my dinner.
I had just finished eating and was reading the Pine Cove Gazette while waiting for the card crew to show up, when a rare shadow momentarily darkened the tabletop. I looked up, expecting Cely, only to find a woman somewhere in the long years of middle age looking down at me. 
She smiled.
I didn’t recognize her. I didn’t think she was a local. I knew most of the Pine Covians by sight, by this time.
‘Do you mind if I join you?’ she asked.
I was at a loss to know how to answer. I stood up, and said, ‘If you want, but I’m expecting friends shortly.’
She smiled again, and said, ‘I won’t stay long. Just a quick word.’
What could I say?  I waved her to the chair opposite me and said, ‘What can I do for you?’
She sat down and gave me a once over with her cool eyes. ‘I’ve been meaning to talk to you for a while. I’ve heard so much about you.’
‘I deny everything,’ I said, with a smile, trying to figure out where this was going.
‘I’ve heard that you almost single handedly brought a criminal organization to its knees.’ 
‘You mustn’t believe everything you hear of the local gossip,’ I said, with a little laugh and a shake of my head.  ‘I played only a tiny role in that. I just got caught up in the affair by chance, mostly ill luck.’
She shook her head. ‘That’s not what I heard. I heard that you’re an undercover Patrol agent.’
That rather alarmed me. I didn’t think that was part of the local gossip. Di Ai was correctly credited for being the Patrol agent.
I forced a laugh. ‘Some undercover agent I’d be, if everyone knew it.’ I shook my head. ‘No, whoever told you that was very much mistaken. I repair bots and appliances. As I said, my only involvement in the affair came about from a chance meeting with the actual Patrol agent who was here investigating some leads. May I ask, what is your interest in the affair? Are you a reporter?’
She smiled, yet again. Each one I liked less. There was something in her smile that sent a chill down my spine. She shook her head. ‘Oh, no. I’m just curious. I’ve just heard so much about it. It created a great stir, even as far away as Sandy Harbor, up Cape Zarn way.’
The mention of Sandy Harbor and Cape Zarn sent another chill down my spine. I only knew of one person from there. A person I’d never met, at least, face to face. But if Di Ai was right, and I had a sudden feeling that she was, I had met her second hand – in the form of an avatar. I still carried my darter in my pocket,  since I had not heard that Seven had been arrested. But could I get it out, in time?
‘Ah… I said. And couldn’t think of anything else to say.
She smiled again. ‘I have a little real-estate business in Sandy Harbor. Silha Han is my name.’
‘Ah, nice to meet you,’ I muttered. A lie. ‘I’m sorry that I can’t be more helpful.’
She shook her head. ‘Oh, you’ve done all you can already. I’m just curious to meet the man who brought the Seven Syndicate to its knees.’
I recalled my mantra about dealing with pirate princes from a position of strength. So I replied, ‘It wasn’t me who did that. The Seven Syndicate made a series of unforced errors to bring the Patrol and Guard down on them.’
‘Is that so?’ She said, with another smile. I could see why Di Ai didn’t like her. ‘What sort of errors?’
I didn’t either. But having settled on a course, I pushed on.
‘Well, the first one was deciding to get into the revolution business, several thousand years after it pretty much went out of style. And not only that, they started it in some other pirate prince’s territory. That alone would likely have meant the Patrol getting a tip as to what was going down.’  This was pure speculation on my part, but someone had to tip off the Patrol about the planned war…
‘You seem to know a lot about that.’
‘Just a guess. Old spaceers tell me that the pirate princes don’t like each other. But I do know this. Once the Patrol was tipped off, the Seven Syndicate’s weapons business was doomed.
‘What doomed them?’
‘Serial numbers.’
‘Serial numbers? How so?’
‘The Patrol took apart the weapons and found a series of serial numbers from some of the parts that could be traced back seven thousand years to another mercenary outfit called Bright Dark Solutions based here on Fairwaine. From that they traced the ship that carried the weapons back to Fairwaine, and the port they were lifted to the ship from.
‘And then they made even more errors. They tried to blow up the ship they used to transport the weapons, and failed. Not that it mattered, since the Patrol had already identified the ship. Then they kidnapped the ship’s engineer to mind-wipe or kill him, even though he warned them that the Patrol was on to them. They didn’t believe him, and carried him off to the Co-op, to within twenty kilometers of the old armory. The boat and the engineer had both been unknowingly tagged by the Patrol. And with all they knew already, finding the armory was then only a matter of time. But instead of lying low, they tried to lift the arms out of the armory and got caught – along with two valuable syndicate bosses, with minds full of interesting information. All those mistakes is what pretty much did the Seven Syndicate in. Reckless greed. Not me.
‘But they didn’t stop there. No. Apparently greed is a powerful force, because they didn’t give up on exploiting Bright Dark Solutions. They had a plan to use a bot that the Valsummer family owned that was once the personal assistant of the Bright Dark Solutions’ chief, to acquire Bright Dark Solutions credits in the dark banks.
‘How they found out about this robot and the secrets is still a mystery. But you know how pirate princes are. I think that once they got the secrets they wanted out of Targen Valsummer, they killed him, making it look like a boating accident.’
Han had taken everything I said coolly enough, until now.
‘No!’ She shook her head. ‘No...
‘I knew Targen Valsummer,’ she continued. ‘He was a good friend of mine. He was an honorable man, if not one of the brightest. He had a reputation for being unfriendly, but with his true friends he was one of the sweetest fellows you would ever likely meet. He may not have had many friends, but they loved him. I loved him….
‘But he had that Valsummer streak of recklessness in him. The night he sailed to his death, he sailed from my house. I warned him not to, I told him that the storm was coming out of the east, but he insisted that the winds would be out of the northeast and that Cape Zarn would shelter him, at least for as long as he needed to get home.
‘He was wrong, of course. Ever since that night, I have lived with the fear that the next storm would shift some sand to reveal the bones of Tar Valsummer. And then… He’ll be really dead to me.’ 
She had tears in her eyes.
So I said, ‘I believe you. From what I know of the Valsummers, and that certainly fits their profile. And I am glad to hear that he wasn’t murdered. He died as the Valsummers have always lived for something like 60 generations, recklessly, until they lost their luck. In the end, you eventually lose your luck,’ I added. Foolishly.
She smiled sadly and then the smile changed into something far more grim. ‘True. Luck always runs out. For all of us. Well, I must be going. I enjoyed our little talk and appreciated your candid opinions,’ she added as she pushed back her chair to stand. 
This was it.
I started to stand as well, quickly dropping my right hand to reach the pocket where I carried the darter. But she’d have none of that. 
She extended her right hand. ‘Good luck, Mr d’Mere.’
I foolishly raised my own hand to take hers.
She was left handed. She then lifted her left arm. In her left hand was a darter aimed at me.
I flung my right arm back and up to try to knock her darter arm off target as I lurched to my left – anything to avoid the little blue dot of the darter’s drive field that would no doubt deliver a fatal charge.
My chair crashed behind me. There was a blinding explosion of blue light on my shoulder – the first regular dart exploding against my armored clothing. I crashed into the neighboring table and chairs, and down to the floor, frantically reaching for my own darter. Before I could reach it, there was a second, much more subdued flash of blue light – this time on Silha Han’s left shoulder, followed by another brilliant discharge of plasma, against the table behind me, as her second dart, no doubt an armor-piercing one, exploded, just missed killing me.
And then she was silhouetted in flickering blue lights as half a dozen darts struck her in her back.
Her body jerked back and then forward, collapsing on to the table, and then sliding back and off of it, upsetting her chair with a clatter.
And then silence.
A moment later, a woman and a man, darters in hand, walked up to our table, looked down at her, and then to me. ‘Are you alright?’ the woman asked, as I dragged myself back to my feet with the help of the table. 
‘Yes...’ I muttered. ‘I think so. Who are you?’
She smiled, and merely said, ‘Oh, I think you know,  Agent ____ _____.’ She used my real name.
‘Its Rafe d’Mere, these days. And it would’ve been Techmate ____ _____, back when I was employed by the Patrol, not agent.’
She laughed. ‘If you say so. But either way, thanks. We've been waiting for an excuse to act and collect Silha Han into Unity custody. Now we have it, thanks to you. The Co-op can’t kick about attempted murder. Still, I think we’ll skip right to the chase. As long as you’re alright, we’ll take our prize and have her over the border before she wakes up.’
‘Please. Be my guests.’
‘Right then. Thanks for all you help…. d’Mere,’ she added with a knowing smile.
‘You’re welcome. I won’t keep you any longer.’
They hefted the unconscious Silha Han up between the two of them, and carried her off, past a small handful of gaping customers who had collected to watch the brief proceedings. I knew what the gossip would be at the Cove diner tomorrow morning.
As I brushed myself off, they drifted over to ask if I was alright, and what was going on. I told them that they had witnessed a Guard or Patrol undercover team take the boss of the Seven Syndicate into custody. And when they pressed me as to why a syndicate boss was trying to kill the local toaster repair tech, I told them that I’d spin that tale some day when I had my full wits about me. They made me promise, and I did.
Once they had returned to their respective tables, I turned to search the shadows on the other side of the long room. The dart that had hit Han’s arm, deflecting her aim just enough to send the no doubt a fatally charged dart, armor-piercing dart into the table behind me as I tumbled into the chairs, had not come from behind. It was not a covert-ops shot.
Looking back, I saw Cely standing in the deep shadows of one of the stone arches. He smiled.
I walked over to him and held out my hand. ‘Thanks Cely. You saved my life, mate.’
He solemnly took it. ‘Blast and dance, Rafe, it was my pleasure, even if you exaggerate my little contribution.’
‘I’m not exaggerating anything. She had me in her sights and that dart would’ve been the armor piercing one. I’m quite certain it held a fatal charge. I don’t think she was teasing me. Pirate princes have a reputation to maintain.’
He shrugged modestly. ‘I recognized her, and knowing that she was number one on Vaun’s list of suspects… Blast and lift, I had my darter out and aimed, so that I could fire, if or when she acted.’
‘You were far smarter than me, Cely. Where did you learn to shoot like that? You had less than a second to react.’
‘By the jewels of Janipar, Rafe, I’m an ex-purser. If there’s any piracy these days in the Alantzia, it is done by pirates coming aboard ship as passengers to either overrun the ship or take passengers as hostages and hijack the ship to some drift world. To prevent this, pursers are well trained in dealing with threats like that, including the handling of darters. I’ve been carrying mine ever since that morning when we discovered the underground base and met the avatar of the syndicate boss. Cara didn’t seem worried about it. But I was. I’m just glad that I haven’t gotten too rusty.’
I shook my head. I was very happy that it wasn’t my luck that had run out.
‘What will you have to drink, Cely?’
‘At the risk of insulting you, Rafe. Just my usual beer.’
‘A stein of Bramberg Stout it is.’
As I returned to the table with our two steins, I said, ‘I hope, Cely, if your Tara Twins ever encounter a pirate prince in your stories, that you make certain that the pirate prince does not have a secret heart of gold. You don’t want to give your young readers the wrong impression of pirate princes. Nor the idea that you can cross them and live to tell about it, unless you have a purser at your side.’
He laughed. ‘I’ll keep that in mind. But, by the tombs of Taratear, they have an uncle who's a purser, who helps them from time to time in their quest. So you needn’t worry about them.’
I smiled. ‘Well, they’re very lucky, indeed.’



Postscript



I received a radio-packet from Di Ai several weeks after my meeting with Silha Han. In it she passed along what the Guard had learned from Han during her interrogation.
The Civil Guard had, as I knew, a special ops team in place in the Co-op, as well as a team to aid the Constabulary in tracking down Vass, the Tall Man, and two other known fugitives from the armory raid.  The special ops team had been monitoring both Silha Han and Cav Liu, both remotely and in person. She had dumped the avatar and its control station into the sea, on the very day we met the avatar, so that by the time the special ops team had arrived, they could find no evidence of it, or anything out of the ordinary in either Han or Liu’s life.  Neither had acted suspiciously, until Silha Han announced in a sign on her office door that the her business would be closed indefinitely to take a “well earned holiday.” The first stop of which was to call on the robot tech in Pine Cove.
As for the bot in the box, it seems that Silha Han knew a lot more about its history than Targen Valsummer ever knew. Targen told her about the bot. Valsummer’s Outbound Interstellar Line had purchased “Marza,” the personal assistant and keeper of secrets for Car Dow within a decade or so of the demise of Bright Dark Solutions unaware of its connection to that firm. They sent it off to an office of theirs on one of the drift worlds they serviced. There it remained in service until about a thousand years ago, when that office closed, and it was sent along to Fairwaine.
In the meanwhile, however, Marza became part of the Legend of Bright Dark Solutions, along with their lost armory, at least within the criminal underground of Fairwaine. And though its memory faded over the many centuries, its memory was not quite lost. Silha Han, once Valsummer had told her of the bot he had from Bright Dark Solutions, had done her homework, and she learned about all the secrets that was rumored Marza to have held. 
As we learned, some Valsummer eventually discovered its secrets, and over the centuries, these secrets had been used to plunder the facility beneath Valsummer House. They did not apparently realize a certain set of codes were access codes to bank accounts, and never exploited them. Silha Han, however, knew that Marza had those codes, since it was part of the Marza legend.
Targen Valsummer was made aware of the secrets of Marza, and the facility, rather late in his storm-shortened life. In the last ten years of his life, he came to realize that both his son and grandson were long missing in the drifts, and very likely dead. So if he wanted the Valsummers to continue to exist, he needed to start a second family. And he planned to do so with Silha Han. He told his prospective partner about Marza, and she, more aware of the wealth Marza hid than he, advised him to hide away Marza, given the questionable standing of his family with the Patrol – confident that once they were partners, she would have full access to those hidden bank accounts. He followed her suggestion, telling her only of his general plan, and then, after proceeding with the plan to hide Marza away with the provision to have it returned to him, or his heirs, should it be found, giving Parson only the verification code. He then had his memory of the plan erased, so that it could never come up in any Guard or Patrol interrogation, should he run foul of the authorities for any reason.
Silha Han was still confident that once they were partners, she would be able to locate Marza, if and when she needed to. And in the meanwhile, she too, would be unable to lead the authorities to Marza, should Targen run afoul of the authorities. However, before they officially became partners, and she named Targen’s heir, Targen sailed off in a storm and was never seen again. And so Marza was lost once again until it showed up along the unknown heir, Cara Cere. The rest you know.



