


THE AQUILA MISSION
Doug Cook

Copyright ©2018 by Doug Cook
Colorado Springs, CO
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews. Please do not participate in or encourage the piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.
Cover art by Fiona Jayde

This book is dedicated to my wife Elizabeth, whose wisdom and patience helped make this book possible.

This book was in part inspired by Ron Howard and Tom Hanks, whose directors’ vision of space history gave us From the Earth to the Moon, Apollo 13, and In the Shadow of the Moon. Further inspiration came from authors Andy Weir, who gave us The Martian; and Robert Zubrin, who set that stage with the Mars Direct scenario to get us to Mars.
The book also was inspired by robotic missions to asteroids and comets especially Dawn, OSIRIS REx, and Rosetta. The spirit of human exploration will take us there in our next step into deep space.

TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION
PREFACE
PROLOGUE
CHAPTER 1 Aerobraking Maneuver
CHAPTER 2 The Path to Space
CHAPTER 3 Election and Appointment
CHAPTER 4 The Challenge of Long Duration Deep Space Missions
CHAPTER 5 Astrogation and Engineering
CHAPTER 6 Crew Selection
CHAPTER 7 Module Management
CHAPTER 8 Life in the Tank/Life in the Sim
CHAPTER 9 Sleek Stacks and Smooth Sailing
CHAPTER 10 Pre-Launch Jitters
CHAPTER 11  Crew Arrival and Altair Assembly at ISS LEO
CHAPTER 12 The Path to Discovery
CHAPTER 13 Objective Bennu
CHAPTER 14 Objective 125P
EPILOGUE Arcadia Planitia
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
 

Introduction: A Bold Proposal
Space Settlement Symposium 2016 (S3) | New Worlds 2016 Conference[1]
Session—SPACE HIGHWAYS: INTER-SOLAR TRANSPORTATION
Renaissance Austin Hotel
Austin, Texas
November 4, 2016 10:00 AM CDT
The New Worlds Space Settlement Symposium 2016 was organized by Deep Space Industries founder Rick Tumlinson and planetary physicist Dr. Phil Metzger. Participants in the symposium included The Case for Mars author Dr. Robert Zubrin, space academics, space industry engineers, NASA scientists, and NASA Associate Administrator William Gerstenmaier. The author’s proposal, presented at the Space Settlement Symposium and in this book, is not implied to be the position of the symposium, its organizers, NASA, or any corporation in the space industry. This book of creative nonfiction presumes that this mission proposal has taken root in the near future and sets the path for humanity’s future in space. As a means to visualize and experience the proposed mission, the author uses a cast of fictitious characters to breathe some life into the mission proposal.
A Bold Proposal for a Crewed Deep Space Mission to Rendezvous with and Sample an Asteroid and a Comet.[2]
After a forty-four year hiatus since the landing of Apollo 17, we have now developed the technology to send a crew to deep space beyond the Earth-Moon system, to boldly go where only robots have gone before. We have not sent a crew beyond low Earth orbit since Apollo. We do have significant technology dedicated to crew habitat systems and long duration life support on the International Space Station (ISS). Technology today enables crewed deep space missions but we need vision and commitment to fund such a mission. We will look at heavy lift vehicles, crew modules, and mission costs. Science objectives are important to justify any deep space mission. The main purpose of this book is to propose the Aquila Mission, a crewed asteroid and comet rendezvous mission. Such a mission could be the first to send a crew to a heavenly body beyond the Earth-Moon system. This mission would serve as a necessary intermediate step to landing a crew on Mars.
On September 12, 1962 President John F. Kennedy gave the “We choose to go to the moon” speech. When? By the end of the 1960s! That gave America eight years to accomplish the goal. We had not yet developed the technology and had not even sent John Glenn to orbit the Earth! Apollo crew missions to the Moon were accomplished on schedule and were perhaps the greatest achievement of humankind to date.
The Apollo 8 mission preceded the Apollo 11 crew landing but was arguably the single most daring and aggressive crew mission in space history. Apollo 8 had the first crew to launch on a Saturn V booster. Apollo 8 had the first crew to leave Earth orbit. Apollo 8 had the first crew to enter orbit around another body in the solar system. Apollo 8 had the first crew to restart the Command/Service Module main engine to leave lunar orbit for return to Earth. Apollo 8 had the first crew to navigate back to Earth and reenter the thin blue line of Earth’s atmosphere at over 40,000 km per hour.
The proposed Aquila Mission crew will endure greater risks and set a bold new series of mission firsts beyond the Earth-Moon system.
The Apollo deep space system with its mighty Saturn V booster served for nine crewed missions to the Moon with six successful landings. The Saturn V could have been further developed for even bolder deep space missions. But the success of the Apollo Moon landings brought complacency. Senator William Proxmire, a lifelong critic of the space program, convinced congress to kill the Saturn V booster and Apollo system. Proxmire ensured that the entire Saturn V and Apollo production and assembly lines were shut down in the early 1970s. This also brought the destruction of the machinery and tooling so that production could not be restarted.
The Space Shuttle was developed as a cheap, reusable, space transportation system to replace Apollo. Importantly, the Space Shuttle did serve as the main workhorse for lifting modules and crews for construction of the ISS. The Shuttle also accomplished important science missions including the launch and maintenance of the iconic Hubble Space Telescope. However, the Shuttle was never cheap and could only fly to low Earth orbit. The Space Shuttle was retired in 2011 after accidents cost the lives of the Challenger crew in 1986 and the Columbia crew in 2003.
The Russian space program has relied on the proven Soyuz crew launch system since it was developed in the 1960s. The Soyuz system has been the crew launch workhorse since the retirement of the Shuttle. The Russian space program culminated with the long lived Mir space station in low Earth orbit. They do not have a deep space crew launch system.
The European Space Agency (ESA) has an active space program with the versatile Ariane booster system. The system is designed for communications and science satellites. They have not developed a crew launch system. Both Russia and ESA are active participants in ISS support and development.
China has developed and successfully flown the Shenzou crew launch system since October 2003. They have launched Tiangong-1 and 2 as small prototype low Earth orbit space stations not intended for long term crew habitation. China has embarked on a robotic exploration of the Moon. In 2017, they announced that they aspire to send a crew to the Moon by 2036. To date, their space program has not enlisted international support. There have been some overtures of future cooperation with Russia.
U.S. Presidents after Kennedy have tried to rally support for developing a new post-Apollo deep space crew program culminating in a Mars crew landing. Given the twenty to thirty year commitment, tremendous expense, ill-defined progress map, and lack of the Apollo era Cold War space race imperatives, we have only studied the idea of sending a crew to Mars. No proposal since Apollo has inspired any crewed mission beyond low Earth orbit. The ISS has been a huge project with huge budgets. It has garnered international and industry support. ISS has reaped great rewards in space science, engineering, technology, and long duration human space flight medicine. We have done the rehearsal for two decades. It is time to progress in human space exploration to our next big step into deep space.
Our robotic exploration of the solar system has exponentially increased our knowledge of planets, moons, asteroids, and comets. A robotic mission gathers data but can only partially fulfill humankind’s nature to explore in person. A human’s senses and ability to reason with the unexpected cannot be replaced by a robotic mission operating remotely with long two-way communications delay with Earth. A crewed deep space mission will truly feed the human spirit and our nature to explore the unknown.
Arguments have been raised that humankind must soon colonize other worlds to insure our survival as a species. An asteroid only fifteen kilometers in diameter impacted Earth sixty-five million years ago and wiped out over half of the species on Earth including the dinosaurs that had reigned for some hundred and sixty million years. By contrast, humans as the species Homo sapiens, evolved from other Homo ancestors only about 150,000 years ago. Our technological advancements are increasing exponentially. Only sixty-six years elapsed from the Wright brothers first powered, sustained, and controlled airplane flight in 1903 to the Apollo 11 Moon landing in 1969.
Carl Sagan, in his 1994 book Pale Blue Dot, said, “Every surviving civilization is obliged to become spacefaring—not because of exploratory or romantic zeal, but for the most practical reason imaginable: staying alive… If our long-term survival is at stake, we have a basic responsibility to our species to venture to other worlds.”
Stephen Hawking, in a 2001 interview with the Daily Telegraph, said “I don’t think the human race will survive the next thousand years unless we spread into space. There are too many accidents that can befall life on a single planet. But I’m an optimist. We will reach out to the stars.”
We do have the technology today to send a crew to deep space. However, there are still some areas for development to assemble a deep space vehicle to sustain a crew on a long duration mission. SpaceX is developing its Dragon capsule for a crew launch on the proven, reusable Falcon booster. The first Dragon crew launch is currently slated for June 2018. The Falcon/Dragon system regularly flies unmanned resupply missions to ISS. It is expected to become an ISS prime crew launch system. This will bring some relief for the Soyuz which has been the only crew launch system serving the ISS since the retirement of NASA’s Space Shuttle in 2011.
The Dragon crew capsule is designed not just for service to low Earth orbit. It is designed for atmospheric reentry from deep space. The SpaceX Falcon Heavy launch system, capable of sending a crew to deep space, will use twenty-seven proven Merlin engines on three Falcon booster cores.
In December, 2017, SpaceX had its first Falcon Heavy stacked on historic Launch Pad 39A at Kennedy Space Center.[3] This pad was used for Apollo launches and the Falcon Heavy is now the largest booster in service since the Saturn V. On February 6, 2018, the long-awaited launch was a spectacular sight for the crowd of over one-hundred thousand enthusiasts. The successful simultaneous landing of its reusable twin boosters was like a scene from sci-fi. The unmanned Falcon Heavy had an attention getting payload. Elon Musk launched his red Tesla coupe to Mars to demonstrate that Mars is the long term goal of SpaceX.
In September 2017, SpaceX announced that it will be developing a much larger BFR (Big F***ing Rocket)[4] System and eventually phasing out Falcon and Falcon Heavy. The reusable BFR rocket and spaceship will stand 106 meters high. It will be larger than Apollo. It will be powered by thirty-eight currently unproven Raptor engines fueled by liquid methane and oxygen. The rocket will be the most powerful ever built, capable of launching 150 tons to low Earth orbit. The spaceship is projected to carry about 100 people to Mars on each trip. Details on deep space life support and Mars surface support are lacking. For this book, we will assume that Falcon Heavy is the proven heavy lift deep space architecture that SpaceX can offer in the time frame for our proposed 2023 mission launch date although the BFR may replace Falcon Heavy by then.
NASA with prime contractor Boeing is planning the maiden voyage of the Space Launch System (SLS) with its Orion crew capsule. The SLS system is being developed specifically for deep space crew missions. The SLS main booster uses four Space Shuttle main engines and twin solid rocket boosters scaled up from the Space Shuttle. The Orion crew capsule design outwardly looks like a much larger version of the Apollo crew capsule. However, its modern design is specifically for deep space missions beyond the Moon. The Orion capsule was test launched in December 2014 on a United Launch Alliance Delta IV Heavy booster. The all up SLS unmanned maiden launch is currently scheduled for 2019 with a first crew launch expected between 2021 and 2023. With will and additional funding, that schedule could be accelerated.
A deep space crew vehicle configuration for a long duration mission does not consist of just a crew capsule and its service module. A deep space crew vehicle must include a habitat module, expanded life support, crew consumables, propulsion system, and propellant. The configuration will need to be assembled in low Earth orbit. Overarching concerns are to minimize mass and maximize radiation shielding. A minimum system masses about thirty-five metric tons including consumables for a long duration mission. To reach Earth escape velocity, it will require an additional 125 metric tons of propellants. The fueled deep space configuration will then mass about 160 metric tons total. No single launch vehicle can lift that mass out of Earth’s gravity well. The SLS/Orion system can lift seventy metric tons to low Earth orbit (LEO) with a per launch cost of about $2 billion dollars. The reusable Falcon Heavy/Dragon system can lift fifty-three metric tons to LEO with a projected per launch cost of $125 million dollars. The deep space crew configuration will require four load launches. Mission assembly will be in low Earth orbit in proximity to ISS. A deep space mission should budget about $7 billion to include research and development. With this cost, the mission needs broad industry and international support. Such an aggressive and costly deep space mission will require commitment from the highest level of government. This would be nothing short of JFK’s “We choose to go to the moon” speech and commitment of Congress, NASA, international, and space industry partners such as we have with ISS. With the license of creative nonfiction in this book, our fictitious President David Trane accomplishes that commitment from the top down.

Neither SLS/Orion or Falcon Heavy/Dragon currently have a mission funded to send a crew into deep space. Vision and defined goals are lacking. A Mars crew landing is a grand vision but perhaps not achievable until the mid-2030s. Such a mission must be accomplished in supporting steps just as Apollo stood on the accomplishments and lessons from the Mercury and Gemini missions.
On October 5, 2017, Vice President Mike Pence held a meeting with the restored National Space Council. He proclaimed a poorly-defined goal, “We will return American astronauts to the Moon—not only to leave footprints and flags, but to build the foundation we need to send Americans to Mars and beyond… The Moon will be a stepping stone, a training ground, a venue to strengthen our commercial and international partnerships as we refocus America’s space program toward human space exploration.”
In this vein, there is a current proposal to construct the Deep Space Gateway in lunar orbit or cislunar space using the SLS for construction launches. The proposal would test long duration missions beyond low Earth orbit and ostensibly serve as a staging post for an eventual crew mission to Mars. Former ISS Commander Terry Virts argues that NASA does not need another space station.[5] The Deep Space Gateway is an extremely expensive, unnecessary staging post since we have the ISS established.
There are other indicators of nations wanting to head back to the Moon. That is not an inappropriate goal for advancing human space flight but a focus on the Moon could leave deep space beyond the Moon unfocussed and unrealized for perhaps decades. In 2018 to 2021 timeframe there are reports of China doing a robotic sample return mission; and SpaceX with Falcon Heavy/Dragon and NASA with SLS/Orion have set sights on sending crews around the Moon. In the 2025-2040 timeframe there are reports of Russia doing a PTK-L crew landing on the Moon with a new crew capsule and lunar lander, China aims to unilaterally land a crew on the Moon, and ESA plans to establish a Moon Village.[6]
The Moon is already becoming the target domain of private enterprise. According to the Wall Street Journal “Russia, China, and the EU are aiming at the moon—but US companies will probably get there first… Anyone hoping for a new moonshot would be wise to put their faith in private economy, rather than government-sponsored missions.” [7] Moon Express has planned lunar missions and the business model to go to the Moon to begin “harvesting resources for humanity.”
Sending a crewed mission to the Deep Space Gateway will require seventy-three percent more delta-v propulsion energy than sending a mission directly on a Hohmann trajectory between Earth and Mars. Direct mission steps to get humans to Mars will require the sponsorship of NASA and international partnerships. The huge international commitments to send crews to Mars might be best begin with investment today. Private enterprise, with companies like Lockheed Martin and SpaceX, is already touting their advancing technology to get crews there.
A Mars crew flyby was once proposed as a step to Mars landing. Imagine being on the mission for 400 days and just getting a quick look at the red planet. This is not good science or inspiring. The ESA Rosetta robotic mission had two asteroid flybys and inspiring science achievements with its comet rendezvous and landing. The world was transfixed with the daily news following Rosetta. We can greatly exceed Rosetta’s accomplishment and fire humanity’s exploration spirit with a 400 day crewed deep space grand tour mission. This bold mission will visit an asteroid and a comet between the orbit of Earth and Mars—the Aquila Mission. This bold mission will be a natural step to bridge the gap from low Earth orbit to the Lockheed Martin orbiting Mars [Crew] Base Camp[8] proposed for 2028. The proposed Aquila Mission timeframe is defined by the objective target opportunities in that year.
There are 150 million asteroids larger than 100 meters in diameter and more than 170 short period comets to choose from, but how do we narrow that down to a candidate list? JPL’s Small Body Database Search Engine[9] was used to narrow the search to achievable orbits by constraining orbit variables: a- semi-major axis; e- eccentricity; i- inclination. A short list of paired comet and asteroid rendezvous candidates in the time frame from 2021 to 2028 is presented in Table 1 below.

Any candidate pair will need a close examination of orbital dynamics and fuel considerations for mission realization. The selected crew mission objectives are to visit asteroid 101955 Bennu and comet 125P/Spacewatch on an aggressive schedule for a mission launch in 2023. Asteroid Bennu is an Earth crossing threat. It is a 500 meter diameter, Type B asteroid, rich in carbon and organics. It has a 1/1800 chance of Earth impact in 2182. For all these compelling reasons, Bennu was chosen as the objective of the OSIRIS REx robotic sample return mission launched on September 8, 2016. This OSIRIS REx mission paves the way for our crewed mission[10].
The Aquila Mission proposes to use both the Falcon Heavy and SLS heavy lift vehicles and the Orion crew capsule. At this time, the Orion has undergone more development and testing than the Dragon capsule. Importantly, Orion has flight tested its heat shield for reentry from deep space. Our mission reentry velocity will exceed the 40,000 km per hour reentry speeds of Apollo. The SLS will lift the crew in Orion along with the primary propulsion system and propellant in a single launch to the vicinity of ISS. Falcon Heavy will lift the crew habitat and docking modules and on-orbit staging propulsion system with propellant in three load launches. The deep space vehicle configuration, named Altair, is proposed to be assembled near ISS in low Earth orbit. The Altair deep space vehicle design proposed in this book is the recommendation of the author. It is not endorsed by NASA, SpaceX, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Bigelow, or any other space manufacturer or agency.
A crew of four is proposed: a commander, a pilot, and two mission specialists. Their proposed attributes and qualifications are defined with the introduction of fictional crew members in Chapter 2. They should be involved in the design of the crew habitat module to optimize it for their long duration mission. NASA recently initiated a crew habitat study tapping six companies including Bigelow, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Orbital ATK, Sierra Nevada, and NanoRacks.[11]
It is proposed to develop and use a new design for a deep space MMU (Manned Maneuvering Unit) as a radical upgrade of the MMU used by Bruce McCandless on shuttle mission STS-41B in 1984. It would serve our crew to explore an asteroid. It would be modified to include an MSL derived instrument arm, a high resolution camera, and a manipulator arm for sample collecting.
A robotic ROV (Remote Operated Vehicle) is proposed for comet science and sampling. An ROV is needed because of the hazard of comet debris from comet outgassing expected at perihelion. The ROV would be operated by the crew standing off a safe distance of about 100 kilometers from the comet. Their proximity allows first person control with no time delay. Control from Earth is impractical with a time delay of about twenty minutes. The ROV operated from the crew module is analogous to deep sea ROVs used for exploration and construction in extreme water depths with the operator safe and dry on board a tender ship. The ROV would sample the comet and return to the deep space vehicle. The ROV comet lander could be derived from the now abandoned NASA ARM (Asteroid Return Mission)[12] vehicle design with science instruments and sampling capability redesigned, downsized, and used for comet science. Onboard proximity sensors and advanced AI operating systems for the comet lander and MMU will assist the astronaut crew with close proximity work.

The Aquila Mission is proposed to launch on July 19, 2023 as asteroid Bennu closely approaches Earth. Bennu rendezvous is on mission day 39. The crew spends forty days studying and sampling the asteroid and then performs a burn to intercept comet 125P. On mission day 135, the crew is approaching 125P near Mars orbit. On mission day 181, they rendezvous with the comet and spend thirty-nine days studying and sampling it. Another precise burn sends the crew home to Earth. Earth return landing for the crew is on August 20, 2024, mission day 398. The Aquila Mission honors the legacy of Apollo with truly great human exploration.
Acknowledgements
My advisor and dear friend Tony Randazzo gave me the inspiration to publish. I am indebted to Jack Fox for providing critical and constructive comments. Readers Haley Cook-Simmons, Adam Berry, and Mike Hulver helped guide my way. Renowned author Philip Athans provided objective critique and advice with edits to prepare this book for publication.
Disclaimer
The mission and deep space vehicle design proposed in this book are the recommendations of the author. They are not endorsed by NASA, ESA, FKA, JAXA, CSA, SpaceX, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, ULA, Orbital ATK, Blue Origin, Bigelow, or any other space manufacturer or agency. I have changed corporation names in the fictional parts of the book. In the interest of keeping the proposed mission design realistic, I have used specifications within the bounds of existing booster, capsule, and habitat designs. In that regard, my reference to existing designs intends to respect and honor the manufacturers. The author does not claim originality on any technology presented in the proposed Aquila Mission.

PREFACE
The Path to The Aquila Mission
I grew up during the Cold War and the Space Race. I remember my parents talking about the Soviet Sputnik while we were in our backyard in Michigan. The summer lightning bugs put on a light show as we were looking up at the recently launched Echo satellite (a large silver balloon) marching across our star strewn sky. The stars and the space program dominated my thoughts from then on. I watched Alan Shepard’s launch on a small black and white TV. It was set on a rolling cart in the gymnasium. I watched sitting on the floor with our whole Fairplain East Elementary School. Similarly, we watched JFK’s “We choose to go to the Moon” speech under the threat of the Cuban Missile Crisis. We ran duck and cover drills, naively thinking that this would protect us from global thermonuclear war. To a seven year old, it sounded exciting.
The space race marched on. Back in the school gym, we watched John Glenn’s first US orbital flight followed by the other Mercury launches. I relished the Life magazines with astronauts glorified on the cover. The Gemini program was covered in detail on the evening news: “Jules Bergman reporting.” We eagerly anticipated the upcoming Apollo program. The tragedy of the Apollo 1 fire shook me but I couldn’t imagine this keeping the US from beating the Soviets to the Moon.
Clyde Tombaugh, the discoverer of Pluto, was an early inspiration for me. At age twelve, I’m downstairs listening to the Beatles on my new headphones and 8-track tapes while I’m grinding my first telescope mirror. I had purchased a six-inch Newtonian Reflector kit from Edmund Scientific with money from my paper route. Dad, a ceramic engineer educated on the GI Bill, helped me with the equatorial mount made of washing machine parts from his shop at Whirlpool. He pioneered industrial robotics at Whirlpool and could engineer a fix on almost anything. The telescope tube was made from duct pipe. The telescope worked great! I cherished looking at the Moon; M42, the Great Nebula in Orion; M13, the Great Globular Cluster in Hercules; M57, the Ring Nebula in Lyra; M31, our sister galaxy in Andromeda; the double cluster in Perseus; and M1, the Crab Nebula—I imagined I could see the neutron star pulsar at the center of M1. I studied the evolution of sunspots by projecting the sun on a piece of white cardboard rigged in place with bent coat hangers. I was going to become an astronomer! I had a thick skin to be a standout geek in our town.
My favorite book was the 1968 publication The Promise of Space by Arthur C. Clarke. It still sits on my bookshelf. I would agree with historians that 1968 was a dark year—Viet Nam War protests, Martin Luther King and Bobby Kennedy assassinated. The event that saved 1968 was the Apollo 8 mission orbiting the Moon! We had broken out of the bounds of Earth orbit and beat the Soviets to the Moon. The Apollo 8 crew inspired the world on Christmas Eve 1968 with their telecast reading from Genesis. The Moon’s craters sped by in the televised capsule view port. Apollo 9 flew with the LM dancing in Earth orbit. On a family vacation to Florida on spring break in April, 1969, we saw the incredible Apollo 10 on Pad 39A waiting for its May 1969 launch as the final dress rehearsal for the Moon landing.
On July 20, 1969, our family was with out of town guests enjoying a glorious summer day at the beach on Lake Michigan. I pleaded with my parents to get us home in time to watch the Apollo 11 Moon landing. Our guests left the beach reluctantly. I would not be denied! We did get home in time to watch the landing and Neil Armstrong’s first steps on the Moon, transfixed by our new 25” color TV hi-fi stereo console.
Somewhere in a box in our basement, I have a picture of Oceanus Procellarum on the Moon taken while the Apollo 12 crew was out on their first EVA. I took the slide photo with my telescope and an SLR camera body at prime focus. Geeky!
My Apollo enthusiasm did not wane with subsequent missions as it did with the rest of America. Senator William Proxmire got the entire Apollo program and the mighty Saturn V cancelled past the Apollo 17 mission. In 1974 as a freshman at the University of Michigan, the great Werner von Braun, the father of the Saturn V, and Carl Sagan, the father of the Voyager program and the Mars Viking landers, stoked my enthusiasm with their lectures—free and open to the student population.
By sophomore year, the reality of bleak employment opportunities for post-Apollo astronomers dashed my hopes. I switched majors to oceanography and earned my BS and NAUI scuba instructor certification. Armed with that, I headed to Key Largo, Florida[13] to make my fortune teaching scuba, underwater photography, and running dive charters. Don’t take my Kodachrome away! On the dock after a dive charter I met Elizabeth, my wife of thirty-seven years. She too was an astronomy geek. I was smitten. We married July 4th to celebrate our independence. After a few lean seasons in the dive tourist business, she whispered “grad school” in my ear. In 1984, I received my MS in geology and started my long career in petroleum geology.
The highlight of my career combined my past life in oceanography with deep ocean submersible diving experiences. These dives shared some facets of space flight in respect to life support and Apollo era instrumentation. My first attempt at writing a book is unfinished and notionally titled Professional Courage. This abridged excerpt relates my submersible research diving experience.

Jolliet Field Development 1985-1988 First Production: The Jolliet Field, my project for five years, was the deep water oil production world record holder for a few years. My employer, Conoco, was the operator with two industry partners and I was the sole geoscientist for Conoco on the development project. I was thrown into that hot seat one year out of grad school and no Gulf of Mexico oil exploration experience! Our Exploration VP at that time said “Cook—we’re gonna wear you so thin that if you were a shirt we could see right through you!” After five years of that project, I tended to agree with his prediction. The experience led to my submersible diving experiences[14]—my only career opportunity to combine oceanography and geoscience. There is a big oil and gas seep mound on the east side of Jolliet field known to industry and science as Bush Hill. It was discovered in a required seafloor hazard survey associated with the first exploration wells drilled on lease block Green Canyon 184.

Harbor Branch Oceanographic Johnson-Sea-Link Submersible (NOAA image) The Sea-Link manipulator arm and sampling system were the inspiration for the Deep Space Manned Maneuvering Unit (MMU) introduced for the Aquila Mission.

Above, I am in the front two-man acrylic sphere of the Johnson Sea-Link[15] submersible working in 2600 feet of water. There is no daylight below 1000 feet. The lights-off descent reveals an exploding universe of bioluminescent organisms in the water around us. It is a first person experience in the deep sea, which I liken to what an astronaut would experience exploring an asteroid on an MMU.
The Sea-Link front sphere holds the pilot and a scientist like me. The rear chamber holds two more personnel—the co-pilot and another scientist-observer. The rear chamber is aluminum with small ports and emergency controls to bring the sub up if the two in front are unconscious. The sub has lead-acid batteries that take about four hours to charge and afford a limit of about four hours per dive. That allows two dives per day with battery charging in between. The sub has a 3000 feet operation maximum and a 6000 feet crush depth rating. Both chambers of the submersible use Apollo style technology to control CO2 buildup. A fan circulates air through lithium hydroxide canisters to scrub CO2 to keep the air breathable for a maximum of about twenty-four hours in an emergency.
In the front of the sub, I operate the video camera, pan, rotate, zoom, focus, start and stop, and record. In the picture above, I have the camera rotated at the crew sphere for a selfie! I direct the pilot to take rock and sediment samples, which we document for later study, and place in labeled sample chambers. I tell the pilot what rocks to pick up with the robotic arm and into which sample container to drop it. I have to take detailed notes to know where it came from and which sample container it’s in. We also take push cores in the soft seep sediment. Often the cores got to the surface bubbling oil and gas, and sometimes still solid methane hydrate. Hydrates are studied as a possibly commercial energy source.
Today, it is theorized that seasonal increases of methane in the atmosphere of Mars is related to possible biologic activity forming methane hydrates. Again, my submersible diving experience is analogous to Apollo moonwalking astronauts playing geologist on the moon. All samples are documented. The astronauts had Houston CAPCOM radio link and Houston to take notes and direct them. For the Sea-Link dives, we had the Edwin Link research vessel as our “mission control.” They monitored us with a sonar signal voice-link and range finder. The Edwin Link could stay right over us and guide us with their GPS to follow the mapped dive plan. Obviously, the sub didn’t have GPS and you could only see a maximum of fifty feet with the bright spotlight. It would be easy to get lost if the mother ship didn’t follow its baby. The sub also has sonar to find objects (fault scarp, boulder, wreck, etc.) ahead of you that you can’t see visually until you’re right on top of it. The sonar generates a science fiction-like high pitched sound effect when it’s in operation. Feee-feee-feee-feww-feww-feww… The sound waves echoing back paint a sonar picture for the sub pilot to interpret.
Name connections: Edwin Link, the inventor of the strobe light, designed the submersibles and Johnson and Johnson Pharmaceuticals funded them. The Sea-Link subs were built around 1970 and had some glory on the front cover of National Geographic magazine. More importantly, they have been enablers of much academic research in all facets of oceanography. The Johnson and Johnson Corporation had hoped to get a return by collecting live “sea stuff” and try to find new organic compounds that are bioactive in previously unknown ways. New cancer treatment? New drugs? New poisons? The research vessels that were used to berth the submersibles bear the respective names Edwin Link and Seward Johnson—more name connections. I use past tense for the submersibles since Johnson and Johnson have mothballed them and found more lucrative business for both research vessels in the oil industry.
The submersible business puttered along for about thirty years with scientists hoping to scrape together research funds and Johnson and Johnson hoping to make ends meet with fuel and repair bills. They did a great job keeping the science instrumentation on the subs state of-the art so the science was usually cutting edge stuff. Two Johnson Sea-Link submersibles were made during the Apollo era and still have Apollo era controls and life support systems like CO2 scrubbers. One sub was berthed on the research vessel Edwin Link and commonly worked in the Gulf of Mexico. The other Sea-Link submersible was berthed on the research vessel Seward Johnson and commonly did work in other hemispheres of and oceans of the Earth.
In 1990, Dr. Harry Roberts (LSU) and I published on this subject.[16] Dr. Roberts first made contact with me at Conoco around 1985 as his inside connection to Green Canyon Block 184 geophysical data. He needed the data to relate to his chemosynthetic community, seep geology, and methane hydrate research he was spearheading. Along the way, we made an important geophysical connection between gas charged seismically slow seep seafloor sediments and bright seismic amplitudes on the seafloor. Since Conoco had vast 3D seismic data covering the Gulf of Mexico, it was a simple matter to do quick scoping of any new survey by auto-picking the seafloor and extracting an amplitude (acoustic contrast) map. My association with Dr. Roberts and submersible diving lasted for about ten years. I was a guest researcher on six expeditions. They were professionally stimulating, paid summer vacations on a first class research cruise that didn’t cost any vacation time since I was on the clock!
Extremophiles: I now appreciate my study of chemosynthetic communities, living on oil and gas, as extremophiles. They are cousins of the communities of life living on hydrothermal vent sulfides seeping from the Earth’s mid-ocean ridges. These strange life forms show us that life could evolve on similar hydrothermal vents on Mars, Europa, Enceladus, and perhaps even the most remote corner of the solar system, Pluto. After the New Horizons mission, it’s now thought probable that remote Pluto has a subsurface ocean driven by the heat of radioactive decay. With these known liquid water bodies in our solar system probably with hydrothermal vents, and the recent revelation that most stars harbor planets, xenobiologists now believe that life evolving elsewhere in the universe is not only possible or probable, but inevitable.

Exploration Career in Saudi Arabia—Rekindling my Connection to Space: In 1998, I pulled up stakes from petroleum exploration in the Gulf of Mexico and moved with my family to Saudi Arabia. Geology and geophysics in oil exploration is a high tech, high cost, high profile business that kept me on the cutting edge of technology and computers. My exploration geology career took me on field trips that were indistinguishable from Mars except you can breathe the air and it gets to forty-five degrees Celsius in the summer. The deep desert night sky beckons with the bright Milky Way. The mantle of Star Party Host for the Dhahran Geological Society fell on my shoulders. On one memorable outing, I led a caravan of seventy vehicles with two hundred people into the desert for a star party. We had my eight-inch Dobsonian and four other telescopes with eager people lined up to see Saturn and Jupiter. Other smaller group star parties allowed me to get deeper into discussions of astronomy and the universe. These star parties refueled my passion for space.
The increasing pace of space exploration accomplishments continues to amaze me. How can I get involved? I have a long association with the American Association of Petroleum Geologists (AAPG). I became involved with their Astrogeology Committee around 2010. This nexus in interests made me look forward to my upcoming retirement as an opportunity to refocus my geology interests into astrogeology. My association with AAPG Astrogeology introduced me to recent chairs of the AAPG Astrogeology Committee: geologist/astronauts Dr. Harrison (Jack) Schmitt, Apollo 17 LM pilot and only geologist to walk on and explore the Moon, and Dr. Jim (JR) Reilly, NASA astronaut on shuttle missions STS-89, STS-104, and STS-117 during ISS construction. Before NASA, Jim also had a career in oil exploration and deep Gulf of Mexico submersible exploration of oil seeps and chemosynthetic communities.

The Aquila Mission: The actual inspiration for The Aquila Mission can be traced to a dream I had in the early morning hours in May 2015 when we were having a family reunion weekend in Bahrain. My family was back in the US for the previous year and I was going down a rabbit hole focusing more on astrogeology than my exploration geophysicist job as I was approaching retirement. I awoke from a vivid dream at 2 AM and started drawing orbit diagrams for the asteroid and comet rendezvous scenario on hotel stationery.
The idea stuck with me and I began research in earnest. I have presented the Aquila Mission concept to the AAPG Astrogeology Committee, the Colorado Springs Astronomical Society, and to the New Worlds Space Settlement Symposium. I have floated it on YouTube and Twitter. However, the story was still needing legs. How could I experience the Aquila Mission vicariously? The mission idea has spurred me on to write this book. It is non-fiction, describing the technology for mission elements, and uses fictional characters to bring it to life and highlight some of the human physiology and psychology issues facing astronauts in deep space. I owe my inspiration for embarking on this writing project to my favorite science fiction authors Ian Douglas, Andy Weir, and Joe Vasicek.
I have endeavored to keep the story realistic, grounded in existing technology developed for deep space exploration. I have openly discussed the names of space industry corporations in the Introduction since I researched their technological capabilities and expertise to bring realism to the planning and engineering for the Aquila Mission. I have the utmost respect for all the corporations mentioned and the contract programs and research in which they are involved. I have changed corporation names in the fictional parts of the book. My vision of the mission sequence for future human deep space flight is at odds with the Asteroid Redirect Mission, the Trump Administration Space Directive #1, and the cislunar Deep Space Gateway proposal that NASA is evaluating. For that, I offer my apologies and ask readers to keep an open mind. I believe that these proposals will slow our Mars landing for years without bridging the gap from cislunar space and the orbiting Mars Base Camp. The proposed Aquila Mission bridges that gap and offers an opportunity for solar system research to feed the budding asteroid mining industry. Fueling a deep space mission with propellants lifted from the Earth’s deep gravity well comes with a heavy price to pay. Future deep space missions will be facilitated by mining water on asteroids, comets, and Mars to make relatively cheap rocket propellant.
On to Mars in 2033!
Doug Cook
Colorado Springs, CO
April 5, 2018

PROLOGUE
Office of Halle Ortega—Director
Building 1
NASA Johnson Space Center
2101 E NASA Parkway
Houston, Texas
April 1, 2017 10:30 AM CST

“Coby, thanks for coming down here at such short notice. As you know, the Trane Administration has all of DC in a tizzy. He has given NASA a big license to move faster on human deep space flight. We want to fly a crew on the SLS/Orion in 2019. That’s a move up of two years. No more feet dragging. More importantly, we have adopted an aggressive mission to send a crew to the vicinity of Mars orbit in 2023. Because of your impressive record with NASA, I have recommended you to be the commander of that mission. If you accept, you will run point on selection of the rest of the crew and influencing mission design for your crew’s safety.”
Coby heard enthusiastic urgency in the director’s voice. The sudden change in fortunes was ruffling and he paused briefly to compose himself. “This has me floored. I am truly honored! But it dawns on me that this may be an April Fool’s Day joke. Human deep space exploration has been a carrot on a stick that has gotten so long it’s been pushed out into the fog.”
“It’s no joke. NASA is really pushing forward now.”
Coby takes stock of the honor and opportunity. Fleetingly he wishes he could rush home to Ellen to share the news. He reminisces as he finds his voice. “I was born in 1970, and many people in my generation simply do not believe that humans are capable of doing great things anymore. I find that sad and frustrating. When my parents were growing up, as today, the world was in turmoil, but the Apollo Program gave the world big dreams. The most inspiring event was the Apollo 11 Moon landing and first steps on the surface of the Moon. Election politics, global warming, and the horrors of radical Islamic extremists dominate the world today. ISIS makes my blood run cold. These things dull humanity’s hope for the future. Sending humans to Mars, however, is humanity’s hope for a bright future. Thank you again for the mission hot seat. I won’t let you down.”
“Good. I’ve arranged a meeting for you on Monday in DC with our new administrator, Bill Grossmayer.”
“Wow. When things at NASA get moving, you don’t mess around. OK! Monday in DC.”
Over the rest of the weekend, Coby is riding high on the news of the mission assignment. Thoughts race through his head. First among them is Ellen. He lost her last year and he nearly lost his way with grief. Friends helped him through to the point where he could function and be professional again. He wishes desperately that Ellen was still with him to celebrate the news. Ellen was ecstatic when Coby was inducted into the NASA Group 16 corps of astronauts in 1996. However, the giddy pride of being an astronaut’s wife was tempered with the long hours, days, weeks, and months of his mission training. Ellen steadfastly stuck with him, worrying and waiting for Coby to return from four missions totaling 432 days in space. It would have been too much to expect her to go through that again and wait for him to come back from a thirteen-month mission. It wasn’t just another ISS mission, but also the riskiest mission in human space flight to date. His thoughts turned to one of his first lessons in training: Logan’s First Law: Space is always trying to kill you… This mission would give Logan a lot of opportunity.
Halle gave him license to help choose the remaining three astronaut slots on the mission. He won’t take this responsibility lightly. For such a long mission, he imagines a mixed male and female crew. Competent, experienced, and single. His thoughts were not of space romance, but of the pain that spouses back on Earth would have to endure if any of the crew were married. He knew most of the active astronaut corps from NASA, ESA, Roscosmos, CSA, and JAXA. Some candidates come to mind quickly, but he won’t rush the process. He knows it’s not solely his or NASA’s decision, but that all of the ISS partner countries will have their say.
As for the danger of the mission, Coby knows that the mission will have all of the same engineering expertise brought to bear on the ISS and the dedication of the professionals of the space industry. Crew safety is number one. However, that made NASA overly wary of deep space for many years. To insure safety, they’ll have to work out many procedures and contingencies with the new crew training for the next years before the mission.

CHAPTER 1 Aerobraking Maneuver
“The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself.”
―Carl Sagan

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
Mission Elapsed Time 398:11:46

The rendezvous with objectives asteroid Bennu and comet 125P/Spacewatch were in the bag as outstanding successes. The crew had successfully executed the orbital maneuvers to match orbit with Bennu. Studying and sampling the asteroid by flying and using the deep space MMU had been a joy and by the book successful. The crew executed the burn to reach comet 125P and they were in for a long cruise. The burn to match orbits with the comet was tricky. They could only dare maneuver to about a hundred kilometers from the comet. The crew had mastered operating the ROV comet lander. The sampling objectives were met and samples were safely stowed for Earth return. The only problem is that rendezvous maneuvers at 125P had used thirty-nine percent more propellant than mission parameters allowed.
The deep space vehicle Altair is inside lunar orbit and heading for Earth return after a thirteen-month mission. The Altair just completed a short underpowered burn with the remaining propellant leaving the Altair in a hypervelocity Earth approach vector. CAPCOM (Capsule Communicator) Charlie Drake is on shift at Mission Control in Houston.
“Altair, Houston. What is your readout for Earth relative velocity?”
Altair Commander Coby Brewster answers the call. “Houston, Altair. We read 47,980 kph relative.”
“Altair, Houston. We copy 47,980 relative. That concurs with our telemetry from Goldstone.”
The Altair crew capsule heat shield has a maximum design reentry velocity rating of 43,500 kph (27,000 mph). This is an Orion Block 2 capsule, which had its heat shield rigorously tested, but it would not withstand the heat of reentry velocity exceeding 45,000 kph. That was proven on many tests and known to be an absolute redline. Expected velocities returning from deep space would be in the range of 40,500 kph to 42,500 kph, well within the heat shield rating. An Apollo capsule returning from the Moon would be coming in at the lower end of that range. The most critical aspect of an Apollo return was hitting the narrow-angle atmosphere reentry corridor to approach the defined top of the atmosphere at one hundred kilometers above the Earth at an inclination no shallower than 5.3 degrees, and no steeper than 7.7 degrees. Too shallow and they would skip back out of the atmosphere. Too steep and the heat shield would fail and g-forces would be fatal. Either one is a bad day for a crew returning from beyond Earth orbit.
The Apollo navigation was superb, even on Apollo 13 with its multiple system failures. They were able to use star sightings to realign their navigation platform. Performing course corrections with the LM pushing the command module was never practiced and was a huge challenge to execute. They pulled off their entry angle corrections and landed within sight of their recovery aircraft carrier. Reentry for the incoming Altair crew was no different from Apollo. They had excellent trajectory angle control. The big problem was that they were coming in too fast.
“Altair, Houston. As we previously calculated, due to your deceleration burn being too short, your approach is hypervelocity. Execute AMP-15[17] to shed velocity and enter a lunar free return trajectory.”
“Houston, Altair. Roger, AMP-15. Just like cutting the apple skin off of the Earth’s atmosphere, only cut too deep and we burn up… Sure wanted to bring it in easy on our first pass. I’m so looking forward to gravity in a real bed and a hot shower. Oh well, taking a good close look at Luna will be a celestial hat trick after seeing Bennu and 125P.”
Aerobraking sounds risky but has been used robotically on many deep space missions at Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn with the incoming probe coming in too fast to be captured and not having enough propellant to slow down into orbit. Slip into the atmosphere at a shallow angle, burn some velocity, and skip out into a long elliptical orbit. Aerobrake again on the next pass and repeat to circularize the orbit. It sounds so easy, all they had to do was aerobrake on one pass, loop around the Moon, then come back to Earth slower so they could use the heat shield reentry to get them home as designed.
“AMP-15 command set. Trim burn in three, two, one… Atmosphere skip corridor countdown 2:28… 2:27… We can see the California coast. The blue Pacific looks real inviting… We’ll leave some fireworks for the recovery task force… 1:59… See you guys in a few days on the next time around… 1:24… I can taste a cheeseburger and a cold beer… twelve, eleven, ten… Some shaking now… We see fireworks all around us…”
Commander Brewster reports, “Computer malfunction… I’ve got red lights! Negative AMP-15!”
“Houston, we’re too steep! Shield temperature is redlined at 3750 and climbing! Alarm 5! Alarm 5! Shit! We’re cooked!”
“Altair, Houston. End simulation.”
Johnson Space Center
Building 9 Space Vehicle Mockup Facility (SVMF)
Houston, TX
May 15, 2018 3:48 PM CDT
“Damn, that sim is too real! All the sims we have completed for critical mission phases have been incredibly realistic. I’d like to get through one reentry where you didn’t turn us into barbecue! When I get out of this sim, I’ll still have that cheeseburger and icy brew.”

CHAPTER 2 The Path to Space
“Today the human race is a single twig on the tree of life, a single species on a single planet. Our condition can thus only be described as extremely fragile, endangered by forces of nature currently beyond our control, our own mistakes, and other branches of the wildly blossoming tree itself. Looked at this way, we can then pose the question of the future of humanity on Earth, in the solar system, and in the galaxy from the standpoint of both evolutionary biology and human nature. The conclusion is straightforward: Our choice is to grow, branch, spread and develop, or stagnate and die.”
—Robert Zubrin, Entering Space, 1999
Coby Brewster
I was practically born with wings. My dad and two uncles were Army Air Corp aviators in WWII. I know that sounds like a stretch of generations but Dad was twenty years older than Mom. He was fifty-five when I was born in Pittsburgh. Dad was a B-25 pilot based in Corsica. Mercury 7 Right Stuff astronaut Deke Slayton was a B-25 pilot in Dad’s Bomb Group. Uncle Tyler was a B-25 pilot based in New Guinea, and Uncle Paul was a B-17 pilot based in North Africa. They all kept their wings as private pilots, flying from a small regional airport outside Pittsburgh. Dad had me behind the yoke on his lap when I was two.
I don’t directly remember the hyperbole years of Apollo. I wasn’t even born when Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin set foot on the Moon. I was only one when human exploration of the Moon came to a standstill as Apollo 17 departed in December 1972. Dad talked about it all the time so I have his memories second hand. I do remember Skylab. It was the United States’s first space station. It evolved out of Apollo as the converted Saturn V SIVB third stage. Skylab was inhabited by three crews from 1973 to 1979. The first Skylab crew up included Alan Bean, who had walked on the Moon during the Apollo 12 mission. Skylab was a spacious habitat. It included a workshop, a solar observatory, and life support systems for long duration missions. The longest mission lasted eighty-four days. The national news showed the astronauts spinning, bouncing, and running around the inside of the big space station. I wanted more than anything to go to space and be on a mission like that.
I had gone up to fly with Dad many times since that first time when I was two. On a bright sunny September day in 1979, Dad had me strapped in a booster chair in the copilot seat of a rented Piper Cherokee at Cedar Run Airport. I went through the preflight checks with him. Fuel check. “Clear!” Whir-thumpa-thump. The prop spins. Engine running smoothly. Choke set. Flaps set. Radio check. Tower notified for taxi. End of Runway 18 (compass 180°). Engine run-up. Good… now take off. I have my little hand on the throttle. “Throttle up!” The Piper rolls faster and faster down the smooth runway. The wheels still send vibrations of speed into my being. “Pull back on the yoke, Coby.” The nose rises gently and the runway is receding below and now behind us. I’m flying! We slowly ascend to two thousand feet. The air is smooth and the day is perfect. I can’t reach the rudder pedals so Dad executes turns to take us on a ten minute per leg triangle and back to the airport. Tower clear for landing lined up on Runway 24 (compass 240°). The Cherokee suddenly bucks and veers right in some unexpected turbulence.
“We’re not gonna make it,” Dad declares with a bit of tension in his voice.
“Oh-h!” I squeaked. I feel wetness in my crotch. This is the day I die with Dad. Mom will be alone!
“No, it’s OK Coby. We just have to go around again and get lined up for a smooth landing with you at the yolk.”
“Uhh—OK—if you help.” I made the slow left turn bank with the yolk while Dad operated the rudder pedals to bring it around. The turbulence was not as bad. Wow! We are lined up on the runway and Dad has me feather back the throttle. We descend toward the approaching runway. We landed the Cherokee together. Bump-bump! We’re down! We taxi back to the parking slot. Dad helps me out of the straps and down to the tarmac. Dad never mentioned the wet spot in my pants. I actually flew a plane! No stopping me now!
Pittsburgh is a water town. We claim three rivers: the Allegheny, the Monongahela, and the Ohio. On weekends when they weren’t flying, my dad and two uncles would take my brother and me boating on the rivers. On our boating trips, Dad and my uncles always talked about WWII air battles and flying bombers through flak to get to the mission target. Dad’s most heroic mission story is D-Day Southern France leading a group of B-25s to bomb bridge crossings in Avignon. “On the mission that earned me the DFC[18], the flak was so thick you could walk on it. Every plane in the squadron was holed. My B-25 had one hundred and nine holes from hot flak fragments. My hydraulics were shot out but I managed to fly it manually to target and back to base in Corsica. We hand cranked the landing gear down and made it in with a rough landing. Three planes in our squadron were shot down over Avignon.” These war stories inspired me even more to fly.
What was happening in space flight pushed my aspirations even higher. Shuttle STS-1 was the first orbital space flight of NASA’s Space Shuttle program. The first orbiter, Columbia, launched on 12 April 1981 flown by John Young and Robert Crippen, both veterans of Apollo. John Young had flown on Gemini, orbited the Moon on Apollo 10, and walked on the Moon during Apollo 16. Now he flew the first shuttle. How cool is that? A spacecraft that could launch like a rocket and land like an airplane. I could do that!
The first shuttle disaster happened on January 28, 1986. Shuttle mission STS-51-L Challenger broke apart 73 seconds into its tenth flight. I had immense sympathy for the crew but steeled my resolve to go to space. That same year I soloed at age 15. The next year I got my pilot’s license and joined the Civilian Air Patrol. I worked double time for my engineering degrees from MIT and Stanford. During college, I was in the Air Force ROTC.
On a routine ROTC flight, I put my training to the test. I had engine failure for real. This was not an instructor cutting the engine for practice. I could not get the engine restarted so I scanned for a place to put down. I had a very rough landing in a cornfield. My plane was damaged but I was uninjured and undeterred. Everything in my preflight was normal. The gremlin of a fatigued rotor got me. If I compared my flying to Admiral Richard Byrd in his book Skyward, he was about twelve wrecked planes ahead of me at my age.
I received my MS from Stanford the same year Dad passed from a massive heart attack. He had always been a smoker. Certainly that shortened his life but he lived it as if each day was a joy to be cherished. Family was everything to him.
Out of ROTC and with my MS from Stanford, I ranked second lieutenant when I joined the Air Force full time. I learned to pilot the most advanced jet fighters we have. Aside from combat training, I trained on the mechanics and avionics. I sometimes worked alongside the aircraft mechanics. I fancied I could fix most anything I flew.
I met Ellen when I was at Ellington. I was a shy fly-boy at first. Ellen would describe me as 5’11”, brown hair, green eyes, and needing some serious romantic attention. She was the first thing in my life that I found more beautiful than a sleek airplane. Through our short engagement, she thought that pilots were flashy and sexy. I did my best to live up to that ideal. After our wedding at Ellington, our sex zeal was more than doubled with her energy and enthusiasm. After six months of marital bliss, we were transferred to Edwards AFB in the remote desert of southern California. She reluctantly endured being a pilot’s wife at Edwards as I stepped up the ranks as a Test Pilot/Flight Engineer.
I read the call for NASA astronaut applicants on a notice board on the base. I threw my hat in the ring with my NASA application. Ellen had broken me out of my shy shell. I thought I had winning qualifications but I was coached to curb my enthusiasm on the interview. I got the call and joined the 1996 NASA Group 16 astronaut recruits.
NASA training seemed even more rigorous than becoming a fighter pilot. It was worth it.
Qualifying in a T-38 jet trainer is the next thing to flying a shuttle. Mission sims were endless. Finally I got my first shuttle mission assignment. Launch was bumpy and slow then God himself was smashing me back in my seat and taking my breath away. At Max Q[19] we were shaking so hard, I wondered how this fragile shuttle orbiter could stay together. This was the thirty-fifth trip for Shuttle Enterprise. Why would this ride be any different? We would make it. Just when the shaking calmed to a roar of power and speed, the SRBs separated—Bang!
Minutes later we were in orbit chasing ISS. The sweet embrace of weightlessness is like being called home to a place where I belong. An EVA is demanding hard work with almost every moment choreographed by the EVA plan and mission control. In the moments where I could relax, I was enraptured looking down at the Earth spinning below. On the night side, I could venture to lift my visor and see the full glory of the blazing Milky Way above me.
My three missions to ISS and doing nine EVAs were the best things I have done in my life but there was collateral damage. Other than my professional life, I am now pretty much alone without family. I didn’t slow down enough to say yes to having children with Helen. She was diagnosed with breast cancer just after I returned from my last mission in 2012. Ellen died three years later. My NASA career in the Commercial Crew Program is still enthusiastically my life as I wait for the call serve on another mission.
Ellie Accardi
My adopted parents were always wrapped up in University of Naples affairs as professors. There was little time or affection spent on me. However, shed no tears for me. I found my true family at school with close friends at the very same university where my parents were faculty. My oceanography professor, Dr. Tony Siriano, became like a father to me. He would take me and other students fishing from the Miseno Marina Napoli. Dr. Siriano landed a grant from EGIP Petroleum, now EMR, of Milan, Italy. That enabled Tony to contract deep diving submersible time in the Gulf of Mexico to study oil seeps and associated chemosynthetic communities. Dr. Siriano had included student interns in his grant proposal. At his discretion, three other students and I were invited to participate in the project. I got paid to go on research cruises in the Gulf of Mexico with the famous Sea-Link submersibles! The grant focused on studying seeps on EGIP’s deep-water oil exploration leases. The Gulf is not only rich in hydrocarbon reservoirs but very leaky. You can see evidence of natural oil seeps from space where oil rising to the surface makes a slick. The head of the slick marks the subsurface location of the seep while the slick’s tale blossoms down current like the tail of a comet. We used geophysics and 3D seismic data to locate the seeps with gas saturated bright seismic reflections. Chemosynthetic communities are of huge interest in Earth biology since extremophiles base their life energy on hydrocarbons in a complex web of symbiosis. Thriving bacteria colonies break down oil and gas. Their byproducts support higher life forms such as tubeworms, mussels, shrimp, crabs, and fish that eat them. All of these life forms are closely related to their counterparts that live on the famous volcanic smoker vents on the mid-ocean ridges. Together these extremophiles give the science community the best analogy to the type of life forms that could evolve on planets or moons with oceans below icy surfaces. Places in our own solar system such as Europa, Enceladus, and possibly even Pluto have such buried oceans and hints of organics spewed out on their surfaces.
My dives take me down as deep as 2600 feet subsea. To dive in a submersible to those depths is to leave the surface of the Earth in as nearly a profound way as going to space. You are on life support with CO2 scrubbers with about four hours of battery power per dive. The submersible pilot and a scientist/observer are in the front acrylic sphere with the copilot and a second scientist/observer in the rear aluminum chamber crammed in as tight as a Gemini space capsule. On descent with the sub’s lights off to conserve batteries, the sunlight fades from blue to gray to utter blackness at 1100 feet. The blackness is punctuated with a dazzling array of bioluminescent organisms like jellyfish and ctenophores that blink on when disturbed by the sub’s passing. Some of the lights are smaller plankton that show as bright stars that we pass through like the starship Enterprise at warp speed.
I have always been interested in space flight, especially the prospect of joining ESA and going to space. The first ESA and European mission on the Space Shuttle (STS-9) launched the ten-day European Spacelab-1 and crew in 1983 just before I was born. I eagerly watched the news of the 1992 and 1998 ESA astronauts being recruited and more ESA astronauts going to space working on the ISS.
While finishing my Masters in Geology in Milan, I was in the US doing some research at USGS in Reston, Virginia. I attended a lecture sponsored by the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum. On stage next to the Apollo 11 Command Module Columbia were Mercury astronaut Gordon Cooper, Apollo 17 astronaut-geologist Jack Schmitt, and shuttle astronaut-geologist Jim Reilly. Gordo was entertaining and in grand Mercury tradition politically incorrect. Jack Schmitt exuded wisdom and a sense of true science exploration to have been the only geologist to walk on the Moon. Jim Reilly, as an astronaut-geologist had done submersible research in the Gulf of Mexico in the same Sea-Link submersibles Dr. Siriano and I used in our EGIP sponsored research. Jim’s opening remarks followed Jack Schmitt, “Gordo has the right stuff from Mercury. Jack has great stuff from Apollo. That’s a tough act to follow. I suppose I just have some stuff and that’s why NASA chose me. NASA is always looking for men and women with some good stuff that can benefit space exploration.”[20]
I took stock and decided that my stuff could someday get me into ESA. I joined the Aeronautica Militare or Italian Air Force after I finished my Masters in Geology. I trained to fly fighter jets and requested transfer to the Gruppo Sistemi Spaziali (Space Systems Squadron). I along with ten thousand other people registered as astronaut candidates in 2008. Of that huge crowd, I was officially selected as an astronaut to join the 2009 ESA Group!
Every ESA astronaut attends a sixteen-month basic training tour at the European Astronaut Centre (EAC) in Cologne, Germany. From there, I trained at NASA JSC, and at the Yuri Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center in Russia. After a year of training, my mission came. In 2014, I launched on a very cramped Soyuz capsule from Baikonur, Kazakhstan. No amount of training could prepare me for that jolting ride with my knees practically folded into my face. After a long day’s chase in blessed microgravity, we reached our new home at ISS. My nearly two hundred day mission there was even more demanding than training but infinitely more rewarding. For a few years, I held the longest mission record for a woman in space. Most of my mission was dedicated to studying Earth’s geology by remote sensing.
I hold the rank of captain in the Italian Air Force. I still train for my next mission to ISS. I have put my career ahead of my personal life. I enjoy reaching out to the young students at Space Camp. I get great personal satisfaction encouraging them to set their sights on going to explore deep space and Mars.
Vik Ivanov
I am Viktor Yegoravich Ivanov from Turkmenistan, formerly USSR. I suppose I am the most famous and only Turkmen cosmonaut. I am very proud of my roots from this country on the eastern shore of the Caspian. My father and uncle used to take me sturgeon fishing every summer off Turkmenbashi in the Caspian. My uncle’s boat was small and Spartan but it got us to their secret fishing spots. No GPS, just dead reckoning with an old compass. I guess that’s how I learned to fly by the seat of my pants! I remember eating Beluga caviar still warm from the fish. I never liked fishing that much because I did not want to hurt the fish. But that never stopped me from telling a good fish story. The truth is, I just want to fix things. It’s hard to speak of my father and uncle without mentioning that both of them flew jets in the Soviet Air Force. I never followed them into the Air Force but their wings got me dreaming of flying and space.
Although I am not Russian by birth, I am fiercely proud of Soviet and Russian accomplishments in space. We orbited Yuri Gagarin first. Gherman Titov had the first spacewalk. Valentina Tereshkova was the first woman in space. The Cold War race to the Moon was conceded to the Americans while Russia dominated low Earth orbit. Russia dominated long duration space flight. The Cold War had us orbiting Salyut space stations that evolved into weapons platforms. The Salyuts were superseded by the Mir space station in 1986. Mir means “peace” and that was a better use of our technology. Mir was a beautiful space station but it always needed fixing and that’s what I do best as an aeronautical engineer.
I did not need to be in the military to follow my dream of going to space. I received my mechanical engineering degree studying at the Nikolay Zhukovskiy Kharkiv Aviation Institute.
I was selected as a cosmonaut candidate and had my training at the Gagarin Cosmonaut Training Center. I never did get to fly to fix the Mir. My three expeditions to space have been to construct the International Space Station. All flights there have been on the most reliable crew launch system ever built: the Soyuz. It may not be elegant like the Space Shuttle or Russian Buran but it works every time. I have spent almost two years in space and performed four EVAs constructing and fixing ISS.
The last time I went fishing on the Caspian was with my son Oleg when he was twelve. It is a tradition I must uphold. Oleg must be like me. He hates fishing also. Oleg is now twenty-two. He is studying aeronautical engineering in university in Moscow and lives with his mother Katarina, my ex-wife. He wants to be a cosmonaut and join me on an expedition to Mars. I like that dream.
Abby Denton
My God I’m cold! I’ve never been so cold in my life. I’ve lost feeling in my hands and feet. Dad and Mom are skiing ahead of me on this endless snowbound trail in Russ Forest. The trees are naked and stark, the antithesis of the fall colors we enjoyed here in October. The gray sky oppresses. We have not seen the sun for a month. I’m trying to keep my circulation going pumping the skis. I can’t keep up. “Mom, Dad! I need help!” Dad was always pushing me to the limit. It took forever to get me back to the warmth of the truck. Pain! God, how can warmth be so painful. My hands and feet are on fire and shooting bolts of electricity. Can’t exercise be fun?
I was born in South Bend, Indiana near the St. Joe River. I grew up waterskiing on the river with my family and friends. We also used to go climb the huge sand dunes at Warren Dunes State Park. Dad says, “Let’s conquer Tower Hill!” One step up and slide back three-fourths of that. When I got to the top of the huge dune, I was totally winded. But I reveled in the sun with the west wind in my hair. I pretended I could fly as I ran headlong down the steep face. I suppose those flying dreams, my fascination with astronomy, and a tomboy’s fascination for squishy biology things got me to space.
Mom and Dad fed my interest in astronomy by getting me an eight inch Newtonian reflector telescope for Christmas when I was fifteen. The Moon and Mars were special objects to observe as places I might visit someday. I could pinpoint the Apollo 11 landing site on the Sea of Tranquility to within about a kilometer. The opposition of Mars in 1997 was especially compelling for me. I could see Mars’s polar caps and the iconic Syrtis Major. The Mars Pathfinder mission and Sojourner rover landed that summer on the fourth of July. I could be there with the first crew landing in my lifetime!
Sally Ride, as America’s first woman in space, showed me that it was possible for a girl to become an astronaut. My true role model was Mae Jemison, the first woman doctor in space. Somehow, following my interest in biology would be my ticket. I studied biology and all things medicine at Johns Hopkins in Baltimore. I spent my residency program there. I attended lectures at Smithsonian Air and Space and NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center. My road to become an astronaut includes hyperbaric medicine at Johns Hopkins. I had my NASA application materials ready and jumped on the call for NASA Group 20 astronaut recruits. I imagined I was the first in line of thousands of applicants. It seemed like an eternity of holding my breath but I got in!
I trained harder than any of my fellow recruits. I tried, maybe too hard, to make myself indispensable in space flight physiology. I don’t think that got me into space but I did pioneer some physiology experiments on ISS.
I had a hamster when I was ten. I watched her run on the wheel. It looked stupid and boring. Only a mindless animal could do that for hours on end. That’s what ISS astronauts have to do to hope to maintain a minimal level of fitness in microgravity.
I worked on a team developing the treadmill (TVIS), cycle (CEVIS), and resistance exercise (RED) equipment on ISS. My first expedition to ISS was on STS-133, the last flight on shuttle Endeavor in 2011. I joined ISS Expedition 26/27 for 170 days. With the six member crew, I recorded some groundbreaking data from the TVIS, CEVIS, and RED. I continued this work on Expedition 44 in 2015.
On my first EVA, despite the advanced EMU spacesuit, my hands lost circulation and got severely cold. The gloves have heaters and five protective layers. Other astronauts report the circulation problem but mine was complicated by the near frostbite I got that winter back in Indiana. I went through the same agonizing pain on ISS that I had on warming up in my parents’ truck in Indiana. My physiology contribution to space flight must help address the glove issue and other EMU design issues.
I find ISS exercise equipment a grind but it’s a very necessary routine for long duration space flight in microgravity. I dedicate my future career to making these systems more effective and even fun to use. I am working on a system to combine the treadmill, cycle, and resistance exercise range of benefits into a single integrated system that involves the user in a VR simulation on an Earthscape that gets the blood moving! These improvements will help enable humans to endure long duration deep space missions.

CHAPTER 3 Election and Appointment
“God does not play dice with the universe.”
―Albert Einstein, The Born-Einstein Letters 1916-55
In 2016, NASA’s $19.3 billion budget represented a little less than a 0.5 percent slice of the federal budget. This NASA budget had been managed by NASA Administrator Charles Bolden. “Charles Bolden (Maj. Gen. USMC-Ret.) was nominated by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the US Senate as the 12th Administrator of NASA. He began his duties as head of the agency on July 17, 2009. As administrator, Bolden led a nationwide NASA team to advance the missions and goals of the US space program. At NASA, Bolden oversaw the safe transition from thirty years of Space Shuttle missions to a new era of exploration focused on full utilization of the International Space Station. There was also emphasis on space and aeronautics technology development. Bolden led the agency during development of the Space Launch System rocket and Orion spacecraft that will carry astronauts to deep space destinations. These destinations could be an asteroid or even Mars. Bolden established a new Space Technology Mission Directorate to develop cutting edge technologies for future missions. During his tenure, the agency’s support of commercial space transportation systems for reaching low Earth orbit enabled successful commercial cargo resupply of the International Space Station (ISS) and significant progress toward returning the capability for American companies to launch astronauts from American soil. The agency’s dynamic science activities under Bolden included an unprecedented landing on Mars with the Curiosity rover, launch of a spacecraft to Jupiter, enhancing the nation’s fleet of Earth-observing satellites, and continued progress toward the 2018 launch of the James Webb Space Telescope, the successor to the Hubble Space Telescope.”[21]
NASA’s Space Shuttle was officially retired in July, 2011. Since that time, the only system that can get crew to the International Space Station is the Russian Soyuz spacecraft. The per person cost for this passenger service is currently about $70-80 million. However, cargo modules supplying the ISS in the post-shuttle era are diverse and competitive. They include the SpaceX Dragon, the Orbital ATK Cygnus, the ESA ATV, the Russian Progress module, and the Japanese H-II Transfer Vehicle (HTV). In 2016, the forecasted first crewed flight of NASA’s Space Launch System (SLS) and Orion crew capsule as a Space Shuttle replacement would not be until 2021, ten years after the shuttle retired. President John F. Kennedy gave America eight years to accomplish the goal of landing a crew on the Moon. America had not yet developed the technology and had not even sent John Glenn to orbit the Earth! In comparison, the ten year hiatus after the shuttle would just develop a system on par with the Saturn V and Apollo crew capsule. Saturn V/Apollo was the first deep space vehicle and successfully delivered six crews to the Moon.
Meanwhile, in 2016, NASA’s Commercial Crew Program is spurring space system development for low Earth orbit in parallel with SLS/Orion by forming strong public-private partnerships with the aerospace industry to encourage innovation. The Commercial Crew Program has collaborated with private companies Boeing and SpaceX to fly astronauts to the International Space Station beginning in the 2017-2018 timeframe.
The week before the vote in the protracted 2016 Presidential election, International Space Station project partners moved closer to an agreement to begin the development of a new outpost in cislunar space, a space station in the vicinity of the Moon. It would be the largest international space project to date, influencing the direction of human space flight for decades to come.
During a closed-door meeting in Houston the week of November 1, 2016, NASA officials met their counterparts from Europe (ESA), Russia (Roscosmos), Japan (JAXA), and Canada (CSA) to discuss the latest changes to the cislunar space station concept.[22] The team, known as the International Spacecraft Working Group, ISCWG, was charged with brainstorming all the technical details necessary to start the development of the new deep-space exploration program after the retirement of the ISS.
The 2016 vision involved a multi-modular outpost, essentially a smaller version of the ISS, but in cislunar space instead of in Earth’s orbit. The outpost would use more advanced technologies than those available on the ISS, such as closed-loop life support systems and solar electric propulsion (SEP). The design of the modular base could become the basis for the first interplanetary crewed spacecraft heading into deep space to explore asteroids or reach the vicinity of Mars in the 2030s.

Lockheed Martin 2016 concept[23] for a modular cislunar base to be established in the early 2020s.
Charles Bolden retired as NASA Administrator on January 20, 2017 with the transition to the Trump Administration. The current Acting Administrator of NASA is Robert M. Lightfoot, Jr. and the NASA administrator nominee is James F. Bridenstine. As of November 20, 2017, Bridenstine has passed two Senate committee confirmation hearings and will face Senate vote by year end. The 2018 working NASA budget has been increased to $19.1 billion with long range goals for human deep space missions.
_____________________
For our present and near term future in this book, let’s assume we have a political climate and characters that enable the Aquila Mission crewed deep space mission for 2023 to get on the rails as a part of a commitment to landing a crew on Mars by 2033.
Friday January 20, 2017, David Trane was inaugurated as the 45th US President. At this time, Trane had no declared policy on space. However, he was always one to recognize an opportunity. In the hundred-day honeymoon period after inauguration, investment money that had long been on the sideline came into market giving rise to “The Big Market Rally of 2017.” Seeing an opportunity to stimulate the US economy further, President Trane was bullish about increasing NASA’s budget, especially to accelerate America’s capability in commercial crewed space flight and development of an asteroid mining industry.
NASA Administrator Cliff Brown has been at NASA’s helm since 2009. NASA Associate Administrator of Human Exploration and Operations William Grossmayer gets a call from Brown for a meeting in Washington, DC. Grossmayer is arguably “the most influential person in human space flight” with his experience in the shuttle program through all of the development of the International Space Station. He has been responsible for NASA’s Commercial Crew Program and the competitive atmosphere of crewed space flight in the post-shuttle era.

The Capital Grille
601 Pennsylvania Ave NW
January 11, 2017
1:30 PM EST

Cliff Brown and Bill Grossmayer sit at Cliff’s favorite booth at the Capital Grille.
“Bill, thanks for coming on short notice. How are you? How are Maureen and the kids?”
“I’ve never been better, Cliff. Maureen sends regards. She and John and Jodi are great. We plan to go to Nantucket this weekend for a well-deserved four-day getaway. How have you been? It seems we are always going in different directions with all the meetings.”
“I’m fine, though I will admit that the stress and demands of the position take their toll. Bill, I have some important business to discuss with you. I attended the ISCWG in November. Our human deep space exploration program has been flagging for so long, I pressed the issue of developing a space station in the vicinity of the moon in the early 2020s. This would give us some practice for long duration crew missions beyond low Earth orbit. The station, the Deep Space Gateway, would also serve for staging future deep space crew missions. Lincoln Main and Roscosmos are most supportive. ESA and JAXA are on the fence. Bill, I really need your support on this so I can pitch it to President Trane this week to get an early win for the Gateway.”
“In a word, no! Cliff, I cannot support the Gateway idea. It will just delay getting us into true deep space on the path to Mars. We have been dreaming of going to Mars since Schiaparelli in the late eighteenth century. Willy Ley gave us the vision back in the 1940s with The Conquest of Space. Von Braun gave us the rocket for deep space with the Saturn V in the 1960s. We conquered the Moon and then pissed away our chance to go deeper by scrapping the Saturn V for the Shuttle. We have achieved everything we need with long duration crew missions on ISS. We don’t need to piss away another $150 billion dollars to repeat it in lunar orbit. We already have a deep space gateway at ISS. It will cost less delta-V to get on a Mars Hohmann transfer from ISS than doing it from lunar orbit. I’m with Buzz Aldrin: Get your ass to Mars! Lincoln Main also has the Mars Base Camp proposal for 2028. That’s essentially a smaller version of the Gateway but in Mars orbit. Cliff, that’s going in the right direction!”
“We must do Mars in baby steps. Risking a crew is unthinkable.”
“We lost the Apollo 1 crew on the pad but we moved on. We risked our crews on every Apollo mission, not the least of which was Apollo 8. We almost lost the Apollo 13 crew. We risked our crews every time we launched the Shuttle. Tragically, we lost two crews but the human space flight program picked up and went forward. It’s time to take a big step.
“I disagree. Not on my watch.”
“Cliff, find some testosterone! I attended the New Worlds Space Settlement Symposium in Austin back in November[24]. It’s not a NASA event. It’s organized by Rick Tumlinson, a co-founder of Deep Space Industries. He gathered a lot of energized talent and I heard some fresh new ideas. Most of them were aimed at the more distant future, literally for colonization of the Moon and Mars. Even Robert Zubrin attended and he was in true Mars Direct[25] form. For the purposes of the near term future and taking a bold step to getting a crew to Mars, I heard one idea that could inspire congress to insure funding for an all-important intermediate mission. That mission is to send a crew on a single-orbit, thirteen-month mission launching in 2023 to near Mars orbit and rendezvous with an asteroid and a comet! That surely strikes a chord in the heart of human exploration spirit. Inspiration was recently demonstrated by the ESA Rosetta Mission. Remember that Rosetta robotic mission did two asteroid flybys before the comet 67P rendezvous. It had the entire world riveted with the high-resolution comet imaging and the Philae landing. The uncontrolled Philae lander bounced and ended up in a hole but it still got resounding applause. We could repurpose the probe being built for the Asteroid Redirect Mission and use the SRS/Rigel crew mission portion of ARM to be coupled with a hab module for this thirteen-month mission. The mission has already taken on a life in our office. It’s being called the Aquila Mission with the deep space vehicle being called the Altair. I feel it has the radical inspiration that got the Apollo 8 mission launched with the first crew to leave low Earth orbit. This Aquila Mission will be the first crew to leave the Earth-Moon system.”
“Not only is that proposal bold, it’s brazen. I will not take the Aquila proposal to Trane, Congress, or the ISCWG.”
From his blazer pocket, Bill pulls out two folded typed lists and hands one to Brown.
“Cliff, this is how we in Human Exploration Operations see getting a crew to Mars on an accelerated schedule. I already have ISCWG support.”
“You went behind my back! I’m too damn old to fight with you. Trane will have my resignation in time for his inauguration.”
Grossmayer is confirmed by Congress as the 13th Administrator of NASA. He assumes the office on March 21, 2017.

Oval Office
March 22, 2017
President David Trane in closed door meeting with new NASA Administrator William Grossmayer
10:00 AM EST

“Bill, I nominated you to this job because I know you were recommended by Cliff Brown and I know from your record that you are the one to get me the results I need. The feet dragging on our progress in space exploration since Apollo is about to come to an end. When I was a kid watching our astronauts explore the Moon, I was convinced that they would be walking on Mars in another ten years. Now, those who even care to ask the question are told that it won’t happen until the mid-2030s or later. America is going to lead the way with Russia, Europe, Japan, and Canada pushing the train to get there faster. I want to set boots on Mars by 2033. As I requested, how can you get us there?”
From his blazer pocket, Bill pulls out two folded typed lists and hands one to Trane.
__________________
Proposed Accelerated schedule in cooperation with international ISS partners of the ISCWG Europe (ESA), Russia (Roscosmos), Japan (JAXA), and Canada (CSA):
2019—SRS/Rigel crewed mission system shake down.
2021—2023 Heavy lift launches to assemble the Altair deep space vehicle for the Aquila Mission.
2023—Deep Space Aquila Mission to asteroid Bennu and comet 125P.
2028—Mars Orbital Space Station (Mars Base Camp).
2031—Establish Mars bases with robotic landers manufacturing propellant for MAV1 and MAV2 at sites A and B in Arcadia Planitia.
2033—First Mars crew landing mission.
__________________
President Trane looks at the schedule and raises his brow. “Bill, are our international partners on board with this?”
“Absolutely, Mr. President! We met with International Spacecraft Working Group members in Houston last week to discuss the technical details and the increased budget requirements. We can do this with a twenty-five percent increase in NASA, Roscosmos, ESA, JAXA, and CSA space budgets. Consider this would only be a cup of coffee per year per capita for our member nations. However, our own Space Budget is only three percent of our Defense Budget. ESA can go farther and should be pressured to do it. The ESA only spends half what Russia and Canada spend on space per capita and thirteen percent of the US per capita space budget.”
“All right, Bill. I want you to get NASA and our industry and international partners to get moving on this. I want all the space industries that have been suckling off of NASA to put their money where their hungry mouth is. I want them each to donate a launch to contribute to this schedule in return for being at the forefront of our new economy. When you’re ready, I’m going to make an announcement that will get space going unlike any president since Apollo.”
“Yes, sir! You’ve made my day!”
The Speech
Rice University Football Stadium
Houston, Texas
April 12, 2017
2:00 PM CST
President David Trane

“Fifty-five years ago, President John F. Kennedy stood on these steps and announced to the world that ‘We chose to go to the Moon’ by the end of the decade. We achieved that great accomplishment on July 20, 1969. Our great nation has led an international effort to sustain human presence in space with the International Space Station in low Earth orbit since 1998. The technological, medical, and financial benefits of our space program are incalculable. Today I am here to announce to the world that America will lead this same international consortium including Europe, Russia, Japan, and Canada on a surefooted journey to send a crew to an asteroid and a comet in 2023, and land a crew on Mars in 2033. Subsequent missions will establish a permanent Mars Base at Arcadia Planitia—a second home for humanity. Our presence there will be supported by using the water and minerals from the Martian surface. Our scientists call this in-situ resource utilization.
“Our international and industry partners are deeply committed by funding and participating in this ambitious program. This program will invigorate our economy and through our capabilities in deep space, spawn the new multi-trillion dollar venture industry of asteroid mining. Asteroids will provide us with new resources to expand humanity’s’ presence in the solar system again through in-situ resource utilization of water and minerals.
“To quote JFK, ‘We set sail on this new sea because there is new knowledge to be gained, and new rights to be won, and they must be won and used for the progress of all people.’
“Houston, we have a vision!”
The audience of university students, NASA heads, Congress, space industry chiefs, astronauts, and ordinary citizens gets on their feet and gives a huge, raucous round of applause.

CHAPTER 4 The Challenge of Long Duration Deep Space Missions
“Not only does God play dice but… he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen.”
―Stephen Hawking
The Experience of Apollo, the Space Shuttle, and ISS
The International Space Station (ISS) was assembled in low Earth Orbit (LEO) during the Space Shuttle era. In fact, without the Shuttle’s lift capacity, the space station would practically be limited to the size of the much smaller Russian Mir station that preceded the ISS. While the Shuttle had respectable lift capacity, it was limited to low Earth orbit. It was gracefully reusable, gliding to land near its launch pad at Cape Canaveral. However, the Shuttle could not withstand entry velocity from deep space. The US had more lift capacity with the Apollo era Saturn V. That giant machine was born of the imagination of former Nazi rocket engineer Werner von Braun, the politics of the Cold War Space Race, and the will of 1960s America.
The Saturn V and the Apollo program were killed by the short-sighted politics of the very outspoken Senator William Proxmire. Since Apollo, our human space program has been limited to low Earth orbit while we dream of colonies on Mars. The construction of the ISS and experience gained in long duration space flight on ISS has stood us in good stead for long duration deep space missions. The international cooperation in ISS construction and funding has been a beacon of hope in the post-Cold War era. Such cooperation could enable the daunting expense of landing a crew on Mars to be funded.
The ISS has encouraged the evolution of technology of closed habitat life support systems. The Apollo 13 near disaster would have ended in the death of the three-man crew were it not for the inclusion of duct tape for contingencies. Since their command module life support was all but destroyed by an oxygen tank rupture that also took out the CSM fuel cells, the crew was dependent on the lunar module as a lifeboat. The lost fuel cells combined liquid hydrogen and oxygen to produce abundant electricity and pure water. Their life support also depended on circulating cabin air through lithium hydroxide canisters to remove poisonous carbon dioxide from exhaled air. The LM did not have enough lithium hydroxide canisters to support a crew of three for the three days needed to get back to Earth. While the CO2 levels rose, engineers on the ground improvised a way to use the round CM canisters in the square receptacle of the LM CO2 scrubber. They used duct tape and a spacesuit hose.
Instead of transporting train car loads of lithium hydroxide canisters to support the usual ISS crew of six, consider the advancement of the ISS life support system. There is a machine on ISS that makes water from waste CO2. ISS doesn’t use lithium hydroxide canisters to scrub CO2. The machine, delivered to ISS in 2010, is a Sabatier Reactor. Sabatier was the French chemist who developed the process the reactor uses. It won him the Nobel Prize in chemistry. The reactor combines hydrogen and carbon dioxide to produce water. The station’s life support machinery generates oxygen to keep the crew alive by splitting water into oxygen and hydrogen. Astronauts breathe the oxygen and exhale CO2 which was removed from the internal atmosphere by scrubbers and then dumped. The hydrogen from the oxygen generators was also dumped into space as waste, but will now be combined with CO2 from the scrubbers to produce water for crew use.[26] Besides the water used to generate oxygen, the ISS needs water for drinking, washing, cooking, and cooling some electronic equipment. The station’s requirements are also met by recycling used water including urine. All reclaimed water is 100% pure and astronauts claim they never think about where it’s been. For deep space exploration, NASA is developing even more advanced closed-loop life support systems that are smaller and save even more on crew consumables.
The ISS doesn’t use the troublesome fuel cells used on Apollo and the Space Shuttle. The good thing about fuel cells is that they produced electricity and pure water by combining liquid oxygen and hydrogen. It sounds elegant but fuel cells were related to innumerable launch scrubs with the Shuttle. ISS has football field sized solar arrays to produce up to 120 kilowatts of electricity. That’s enough electricity to power about 85,000 homes. Beyond that, NASA has a Photovoltaics and Space Environments Branch improving solar cells. There’s a gallium arsenide technology that can increase solar cell efficiency from twenty percent for silicon based cells to as much as thirty-five percent.[27]
It has been humbling having to watch our crews being launched to ISS by Russian Soyuz rockets since we retired the Space Shuttle. For crews to ISS and low Earth orbit, NASA has its Commercial Crew Launch program in place. Top contenders for getting crew launch capability by 2018 are SpaceX with Dragon crew capsule and Boeing with its CST-100 Starliner capsule. This competition in private companies has encouraged SpaceX and Blue Origin to develop reusable rocket technology to one day soon drastically reduce the cost of getting to space. NASA is also developing the SLS/Orion for deep space and heavy launch.
Human Radiation Exposure in Space
Radiation in space is no trivial problem. In Earth orbit, a crew benefits from the Earth’s magnetic field, shielding them from ion influx from the solar wind and from intense influx from solar flares. The ISS crew did receive a solar weather warning several times. They were advised to enter the more protected storm shelter areas of the ISS, such as the US built Destiny laboratory, or the Russian built service module Zvezda. The Earth’s magnetic field and ISS shielding does not protect from cosmic rays. These cosmic rays are not rays like light but rather high-energy, high-velocity particles that originate from outside the solar system. The particles are traveling at nearly light speed and have energies up to three million times that of hard gamma rays. They can severely damage human cells and cause long-term degenerative effects while still in space, including heart disease, reduced immune system effectiveness, and neurological symptoms resembling Alzheimer’s.
For humans, the best protection from space radiation is on the Earth surface at the equator. This affords not only the maximum magnetic field shielding but the full column of air density to shield from cosmic rays, gamma, and X-rays. This level of radiation protection is defined as RP 100. Crews on the ISS get at best RP 2 in the solar storm shelter areas. Spacesuit radiation shielding is only about RP 0.1, only one thousandth the radiation protection for humans at the Earth’s equator.
Beyond low Earth orbit, a crew going to the Moon or deep space without extraordinary shielding gets two hundred times the Earth daily average of natural radiation. Instruments on the Mars Curiosity Rover measured this level of radiation on its eight month ride to Mars. This is equivalent to a full body CT scan every five days. The Apollo missions are the only data we have on the actual effects of deep space radiation. The Apollo crews did not reveal a serious problem from their limited seven to ten day exposure. However, they were not a large statistical sample. Radiation effects on long duration deep space missions are an unknown. Radiation exposure effects could undoubtedly be serious without better radiation shielding.[28]
A student competition design team influenced Lockheed Martin in radiation shield design for the Rigel crew capsule. The LM had only a thin aluminum skin covered with thin sheets of Mylar. The Rigel deep space crew capsule has a shield using tantalum, tin, zirconium, aluminum, and polyethylene. The heavy metals will block gamma rays while ions and neutrons are captured by the hydrocarbons of the polyethylene. The materials were additionally chosen based on cost, malleability, machinability, weight, and abundance.[29]
The Issue of Sex in Space
The Aquila Mission could last thirteen-months with a mixed crew. That’s a long time to ask for celibacy. Officially, there have not been any hook-ups in space. The closest to it is a comical Russian porn film where a nude couple clumsily had sex floating weightless in an IL-76 MDK zero-g flight trainer. You can look that one up. On the serious side, NASA, primarily an organization of engineers, won’t discuss the subject openly. However, doctors in flight medicine in the space community have researched and thought about the issue. There’s no problem on the male side. Shift in bodily fluids in microgravity can create what has been called the Viagra effect. In astronaut Mike Mullane’s book Riding Rockets, he describes something “so intense I could have drilled through kryptonite.” For women, there is a concern about lubrication and then there’s the clumsiness of microgravity. For every action, there’s an equal and opposite reaction. Human psychology and physiology will certainly benefit from intimacy and stress relief on a long mission farther from Earth than any human has been. What weighs against that is the lack of privacy and the potential psychological effect on the rest of the crew who may not enjoy these benefits.
Radiation on ISS is more than 100 times stronger than on Earth. These radiation levels can cause DNA damage in body cell nuclei. It is not well understood, but there are documented fertility and developmental problems seen in experiments on ISS. Quail eggs fertilized on Earth and allowed to develop on the ISS showed major problems with the cardiac and circulatory system. Frog and salamander embryos have been malformed. Male mice seem to be sterile but this is reversible on return to Earth for a few months. Mouse sperm was freeze-dried and carried on board ISS for nine months then used to impregnate female mice back on Earth. This experiment yielded normal healthy offspring.[30]
Both male and female astronauts have reproduced normally back on Earth after long space missions. There is not a large statistical sample, but women have experienced a forty percent chance of miscarriage getting pregnant after a long space mission. The reasons not well understood. For all of the above, it’s probably a combination of effects of microgravity and radiation.[26]

CHAPTER 5 Astrogation and Engineering[31]
“There are many, many, many worlds branching out at each moment you become aware of your environment and then make a choice.”
―Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds to Achieve Your Dreams
Goddard Space Flight Center
Flight Dynamics Facility Building 28
8800 Greenbelt Road
Greenbelt, Maryland
May 22, 2017 9:00 AM EST
Joint Meeting for Aquila Mission Design

NASA’s Goddard Space Flight Center[32] in Greenbelt, Maryland, plays a pivotal role across all aspects of NASA’s missions, from development to completion. Goddard is the operational home of notable missions such as the Hubble Space Telescope, James Webb Space Telescope, Mars orbiters and rovers, Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter, and the Solar Dynamics Observatory.
The Flight Dynamics Facility (FDF) is the world leader in mission analysis, trajectory design, and maneuver planning expertise. The FDF provides navigation support for all mission phases including launch and powered-flight, post-separation, orbit transfer, on-orbit, orbit adjust and momentum management, and re-entry. The FDF has supported human space flight missions dating back to the Mercury and Gemini Programs, all Space Shuttle missions, ongoing ISS missions, ISS supply vehicles, and ISS crewed capsules. FDF supports all major space industry missions and the Soyuz on ISS missions. The support varies by mission, and may include launch trajectory analysis, data transmission to supporting sites, data in support of contingencies, as well as rendezvous and re-entry maneuver support.[33]
The Joint Meeting for Aquila Mission Design is being held in a lecture room setting with state of the art projection facilities and facilities that engineers thrive on: sliding white boards with many colors of erasable ink. The meeting lead is Goddard Director Chase Scoville. Previously, Scoville served as NASA’s chief engineer responsible for NASA mission development and operations. The elements of orbit maneuvers for this mission are critical and Goddard specializes in these issues of orbital mechanics.
Principals in attendance are senior engineers of FDF, NASA Human Exploration Operations (HEO), SpaceTrans, Lincoln Main , Orbit Tech, and BigSpace Aero. Representing FDF is John Chance; representing NASA HEO—Tom Delgado and astronaut Commander Coby Brewster; ESA, astronaut Ellie Accardi; Roscosmos, astronaut Viktor Ivanov; SpaceTrans, George Freeman; Lincoln Main, Jerry Thomson; Orbit Tech, Bob Granger; and BigSpace, Fred Hampson. In addition, there are other key engineers from these core space industries and institutions and selected aeronautical engineering grad students attending to nearly fill the seventy seat lecture hall. Press is not invited since this is to be a no holds barred working meeting. Press kit summaries of the proceedings will be distributed.
Goddard Director Dr. Chase Scoville opens:
“This key meeting will set into motion the next big step in human space flight, the Aquila Mission to rendezvous with asteroid Bennu and comet 125P on a thirteen-month mission to the vicinity of Mars orbit. No mission in human space flight since Apollo 8 is asking so much of new space vehicles and so much of the brave crew, yet to be named. Why the comparison to Apollo 8 and not the first Moon landing, Apollo 11? I do not take Apollo 11’s accomplishment and place in history lightly, but consider the accomplishments and circumstances of Apollo 8. In 1968, forty-nine years ago, the American race to the Moon by the end of the following year was in jeopardy. The giant Saturn V rocket had only two unmanned flights and had not flown a crew. Apollo 8 was to have given the Lunar Module a test spin in Earth orbit but the LM was not ready to fly. If an aggressive solution wasn’t found, it was feared that the Soviets would beat us to the Moon. The space race made men great. George Low was the first to propose sending the Apollo 8 crew to leave low Earth orbit on the unflown Saturn V to orbit the Moon, fire the only engine that could get them back, and reenter the Earth’s atmosphere in a critical narrow angle at a speed almost fifty percent faster than any crew had ever flown. Then NASA Administrator James Webb, who had overseen US crew flights from Mercury to Gemini to Apollo 7, vehemently argued against this controversial mission but eventually gave into it under pressure from his staff. He resigned two months before the Apollo 8 liftoff, some say because he did not want to be at the helm when such a risky mission unfolded. The mission was hugely successful and gave confidence in Apollo in all aspects of rockets, life support, navigation, mission control, and recovery.
“Your work on Aquila will be as challenging as Apollo but you will be standing on the shoulders of the engineers of Apollo, ISS, and all previous human space missions.”
Proposed Accelerated Mars Schedule in cooperation with international ISS partners of the ISCWG Europe (ESA), Russia (Roscosmos), Japan (JAXA), and Canada (CSA).
It is imperative that we move forward with this successful international partnership and space industry principals proven and experienced in ISS construction and operation. I don’t need to remind you that China is making fast advances in human space flight now that they have their own space station. China has not responded to overtures to join us and so we are in competition with them in every step of our ultimate Mars landing objective. Our path to Mars takes the following steps.
2019—SRS/Rigel crewed mission shake down.
This is a necessary first crew flight of SRS/Rigel that had long been in the planning but now is advanced by two years.
2021-2023 Assembly of Altair near ISS.
The cislunar base, or Deep Space Gateway, has been planned for some time as the step to get to deep space but it will actually detract from getting a crew to deep space, not enable it. The cislunar base is postponed in deference to the Aquila Mission. Why? The cislunar base at Lagrange Point L2 is a big lift from LEO requiring a 3.9 km/s delta-V boost. It takes another 2.2 km/s delta-V boost to get from L2 to a Hohmann deep space transfer to the vicinity of Mars orbit for a total of 6.1 km/s delta-V. From LEO directly to Hohmann takes only 3.6 km/s delta-V. So it’s a no brainer to assemble the Altair deep space vehicle near the existing ISS and then launch Altair from LEO. It has been suggested to redirect the Aquila crew habitat to L2 when it is jettisoned on the Aquila Earth return phase. Parked at L2, it could serve as a part of a future L2 Space Station and Resupply Depot, a repurposed Deep Space Gateway.
The reusable Peregrine Heavy/Phoenix is the recommended workhorse for launch and assembly of support vehicles. The SRS/Rigel is recommended for the Aquila Mission final assembly lift. Peregrine Heavy/Phoenix can lift 54 MT to LEO. The SRS Block 2 configuration will have a lift capacity of 130 metric tons to LEO. That is comparable to the Saturn V that lifted approximately 140 metric tons to LEO on the Apollo 17 mission. The last mission lift by SRS will complete the Altair configuration before launch from LEO to Bennu. The proposed details of the configuration are outlined below.
2023—Deep Space Aquila Mission to asteroid Bennu and comet 125P.
Why not just launch a simple Mars flyby as a step to a Mars landing? It fails to inspire. The international astronaut ranks that are in consideration for assignment to this mission are unanimous in declining a Mars flyby. It would only be a thirteen-month mission testing a crew’s endurance to the limit without accomplishing any meaningful science.
The Aquila Mission feeds our nature to explore. No mission in human space flight since Apollo can capture the attention and imagination of all of humanity as the Aquila Mission will. No mission in human space flight since is asking so much of new space vehicles and so much of the brave crew.
Beside the sheer scope and length of the mission, there is also an issue to put up front. The Altair configuration leaving LEO will be bare bones for a thirteen-month mission for our crew of four. The asteroid and comet rendezvous will require a minimum of four orbit maneuvers with delta-V’s on the order of 0.7 km/s to rendezvous with the objectives and finally on a trajectory to return to Earth. At best, the outbound Altair will have little or no reserve propellant after all of these maneuvers not to mention little margin on consumables. Safety margins dictate that we include resupply modules on station at Bennu and 125P. We will discuss that issue later in this meeting. Our recent budget commitments from the Trane Administration and our ISS partners and industry support give us some rope to work with. It is our challenge to engineer the solutions.
2028—Mars Orbital Space Station (Mars Base Camp).
This plan design from Lincoln Main has been adopted by NASA and international partners. The Altair configuration could be considered a Phase 1 design for Mars Base Camp. This and the subsequent points on accomplishing a crew landing on Mars is part of Dr. Robert Zubrin’s well-publicized Mars Direct[34] scenario adopted as a base case by NASA.
2031—Establish Mars bases with robotic landers manufacturing propellant for MAV1 and MAV2 at sites A and B in Arcadia Planitia.
The Mars Direct playbook plan is to have two landing sites in close proximity. Advanced robotic landers manufacture ascent propellant from hydrogen brought from Earth and CO2 from Mars’s atmosphere. The primary consideration for the base even before science goals is the accessibility of water. The water resources must be proven and producible.
Arcadia Planitia has long been high on the list of accessible Mars water resources from the detailed mapping from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter data. The MRO orbit insertion was in October 2006 and is still in operation. Its high-resolution imagery shows primary evidence of near surface ice morphology accessible to landing in a relatively low latitude region of the planet at 39.8° north. Recent craters expose ice with little dust cover. However, the best evidence is detailed in the 2015 Bramson report. It shows that the Shallow Radar (SHARAD) sounder onboard the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter provides evidence for a localized ten-meter thick ice layer in the Arcadia subsurface. Secondary evidence includes young impact craters that fluidized sediment in conspicuous flow patterns and hydrated minerals located from orbit with visible and infrared spectrometers.[35]
2033—First Mars crew landing missions at sites A and B with the MAVs pre-fueled for return to the orbiting Mars Base Camp.
It will be in the crew’s best interest to land at the base next to the MAV so they don’t have a bad day as in the National Geographic Mars television series! These first crew landings will eventually lead to long term Mars colonization.
The Aquila Mission
We cannot jump to Mars without conquering the space in between. The Aquila Mission is the right mission for the right time to accomplish a long duration mission between Earth and Mars orbit. This is of course our focus for today. Our Aquila Mission budget is $7 billion starting now from planning through mission recovery August 20, 2024. The recommended budget is divided over the ISS partnership: NASA pays 51 percent, International partners pay 34 percent to include Roscosmos, ESA, JAXA, and CSA, and space industry participants contribute the remaining fifteen percent. They should agree to contribute to be involved in future international space developments including missions to Mars and asteroid mining for future deep space outposts. Yes, pay for play.
It will be a crunch to get the Aquila Mission ready by 2023. Mission planners, engineers, and manufacturers will spend long hours, days, weeks, over a few years getting this mission ready. However, we are committed to landing a crew on Mars by 2033 and the Aquila Mission is the biggest, first meaningful step to prepare to get that crew to Mars.

The image above is our proposal for the Altair deep space configuration. Its core component is the Rigel crew capsule and ESA Service Module together massing 25 metric tons. NASA designed Rigel with advanced radiation shielding, advanced life support system, and rigorously tested heat shield. The ESA Service Module has a solar panel array to power Rigel. It connects to the propulsion stage with the conical adapter section. Altair has tight mass to propellant constraints. The proposed propulsion stage is a modified Gamma IV Cryogenic Second Stage with an RM-10B engine—a proven commercial system. It needs to be expanded to hold 105 metric tons of LH2/LOX propellant. This propulsion unit is called OOS-2 for On Orbit Stage 2. The key to this engine selection is its efficient high specific impulse of 460 seconds (more propulsion for unit propellant mass).
There is planned development for cryogenic propellant transfer in space.[36] Asteroids and comets will be mined for water to use to make hydrogen and oxygen propellant. The propellant will be stored in strategically located propellant depots. Propellant transfer could be accomplished by a soft dock to the depot and mating an umbilical similar to the one used to fuel a rocket on the launch pad. Since on orbit propellant transfer is not a currently available technology, it will not be invoked for the Aquila Mission. The alternative is to add fueled cryogenic stages for on orbit staging.
Configuration and Connections
The Rigel connects to the airlock/adapter/berthing module we are calling the Libertas Module. It’s named for a fourth magnitude star near Altair in the constellation Aquila. We aim to limit the mass of this stout piece of equipment to five metric tons. It in turn docks to the Tarazed crew habitat module as shown. Tarazed is named for the second brightest star in Aquila.
Libertas has two additional docking ports to berth Rigel or Phoenix capsules or resupply modules as needed. One port can be fitted with a crew view port for the long cruise phase of the mission. Libertas acts as an airlock by sealing hatches to the Rigel and the Habitat Module. The Libertas has an egress port for the astronauts to go EVA. A deep space MMU will berth on the side of the Libertas Module. The MMU is an advanced version of the one used on Shuttle missions in 1984. It will be used to explore and sample asteroid Bennu.

The Rigel and fully fueled cryogenic OOS-2 massing 130 metric tons (below) will be launched to ISS LEO with the SRS Block 2 for Altair assembly. An additional cryogenic stage,
OOS-1, will be launched by a Peregrine Heavy. OOS-1 will be modified to carry 52 metric tons of propellants fully fueled. It will be mated behind OOS-2. OOS-1 will boost Altair fully assembled and fueled massing 208 metric tons out of LEO. This maneuver is called Trans-Bennu-Injection or TBI. OOS-1 will be jettisoned when dry, staging to OOS-2. Additional boost with OOS-2 will put Altair on a Hohmann trajectory to asteroid Bennu to complete the TBI maneuver. Forty-two metric tons of propellant will remain for orbit maneuvers to rendezvous with Bennu, comet 125P, and to make the final burn to return to Earth.
The orbit diagram below gives an overview of the mission and orbit maneuvers. The launch from LEO maneuver is called Trans-Bennu-Injection or TBI. The rendezvous with Bennu maneuver is called RBM. The boost maneuver to comet 125P, the second mission objective, is called T2I. The rendezvous with comet 125P maneuver is called R2M. The burn to leave 125P and send the Altair crew home to Earth, Trans-Earth-Injection, is called TEI. Each one of these critical orbit maneuvers will need about 0.7 km/s delta-V. The mission will be very tight on propellant without resupply.


Habitat Module and Boosting to Deep Space
The recommended design basis for the Tarazed habitat module resembles a Cygnus supply module for the ISS. The existing Cygnus module masses 1.5 metric tons. The proposed super-sized version, Albireo, will mass five metric tons with four times the existing Cygnus interior volume. Its interior is eleven meters long and four meters in diameter. This is about the size of a medium school bus. The wall is twenty centimeters thick and made of similar material as Rigel for radiation shielding using tantalum, tin, zirconium, aluminum, and polyethylene. The low mass wall is mainly stuffed with low mass polyethylene to absorb cosmic rays. The design has storage bays for the ten metric tons of consumables the crew will need on their thirteen-month mission. The consumable budget is based on crew needs established on ISS. Again, the consumable budget is a bare minimum for the thirteen-month mission due to mass constraints. The aft trunk holds advanced closed-loop life support equipment, water, and oxygen tanks. The crew has a shared galley, communications bay, medical center, and science equipment. Each crewmember gets personal sleep quarters, entertainment center, and personal storage. Power for Tarazed is provided by four 3.7 meter diameter solar panels generating 7 kilowatts of power for life support, electronics, communications, and galley. The Tarazed habitat module loaded with its payload of ten metric tons of consumables and the Libertas module can be launched by a Peregrine Heavy or a Gamma IV Heavy launch vehicle.
The image below is a summary of the Altair Deep Space Vehicle at launch configuration. Note that the inline configuration is not intended for aerodynamics that are obviously not needed in vacuum, but rather it keeps the vehicle stresses to a minimum with the thrust oriented in the forward axial vector. If there were additional supply modules berthed on the Libertas module, the torque created at boost could over-stress the Libertas docking adapter rings. The launch boost maneuver from LEO, TBI, is started by expending all the propellant of

OOS-1 and completed by staging to OOS-2 giving the vehicle a launch delta-V of 3.6 km/s beyond LEO. After TBI completion, OOS-2 now has propellant remaining for cruise and rendezvous maneuvers. Beside the sheer scope and length of the mission, there is the issue that the Altair configuration leaving LEO will be a bare bones mass for a thirteen-month mission for our crew of four. The asteroid and comet rendezvous will require a minimum of four orbit maneuvers with delta-V’s on the order of 0.7 km/s to rendezvous with the objectives and finally on a trajectory to return to Earth. At best, the outbound Altair will have little or no reserve propellant after all these maneuvers, not to mention little margin on consumables. Safety margins dictate that we include resupply modules on station with Bennu and 125P. We owe it to the crew to give them every chance to get home safely.
Resupply Module Reassurances
The resupply modules will be launched by SpaceTrans Peregrine Heavies before Altair launch and placed in station-keeping position at our rendezvous objectives. A Peregrine Heavy can launch 13.6 metric tons to our rendezvous objectives. The resupply modules are named Vega and Deneb. Together with the Altair, their namesake stars make up the familiar Summer Triangle that we see in the sky on warm summer nights. That triangle is depicted in the orbit diagram with the Altair at the halfway point between objectives.


Both Deneb and Vega will supply additional propellant with cryo propulsion stages scaled back to mass just 8.6 metric tons. These stages can easily be mated to the aft of Altair’s OOS-2. This maneuver is analogous to the Apollo Command Module extracting the Lunar Module during the cruise to the Moon. The propellant mass is enough to give the needed delta-V for the orbit maneuvers for T2I, R2M, or TEI discussed earlier. This will give the crew more flexibility in propellant allowance for orbit maneuvers or a way back home if, God forbid, the OOS-2 main engine fails. The remaining launch mass available to either resupply module is five metric tons. Deneb will devote all of that to consumables cargo. The Vega will devote four metric tons to cargo and one metric ton to an ROV comet lander need for safe study of the comet. There is not enough capacity to include the ROV in the Altair prime launch from LEO. We’ll send it ahead on Vega to be waiting for Altair crew arrival. The consumables cargo will include not only food, but also extra oxygen, water, and critical spares. We might even slip in some surprise items from back home.
ROV Wallaby
The ROV comet lander is needed since the Altair will have to stand off at least 100 kilometers from comet 125P. This is to avoid debris from the comet outgassing as it reaches perihelion—its closest point to the Sun. The crew will be in close radio contact proximity to control the ROV in real time with as much precision and dexterity as the deep-water industry uses its ROVs to work on the sea floor. The successful Rosetta mission to comet 67P also had to stand off that comet at perihelion. It sent the Philae lander to land slow but uncontrolled. It didn’t crash but slowly bounced several times in the weak gravity. It ended up in a crevasse where it was all but useless. The Aquila ROV comet lander is named Wallaby for the accidental bounce that the Philae lander made on comet 67P. The Altair crew can land, study, and sample with the ROV with precision. The lander will have proximity sensors and an advanced AI operating system to assist the crew with close proximity work. They will bring back invaluable comet samples and add tremendously to the reconnaissance work that Rosetta did at 67P. Labs here on Earth can perform analyses on returned samples many orders of magnitude more detailed than can be performed remotely. The scientists will be able to answer questions that they didn’t even know to ask before the samples arrived in their lab. This applies to returned comet samples as well as returned Bennu asteroid samples. The Bennu samples will complement and far exceed what will be brought back from Bennu with the OSIRS REx robotic mission.
Deep Space Rendezvous

How do we expect the crew to rendezvous with the resupply modules in deep space, so far from Earth? Back in the early history of Apollo when the Moon landing was literally first being sketched out, a big problem arose in the plan. A young engineer, named John Houbolt, realized that the prime plan for landing the entire crew, lander, and return vehicle as one massive space vehicle was not possible even with a heavy lift vehicle many times larger than the mighty Saturn V. As a true testament to professional courage, he proposed breaking up the big vehicle into an Earth return capsule and smaller lightweight two-stage Moon lander. The Earth return capsule was to wait in lunar orbit while two of the crew landed and finally returned with only a small ascent stage to rendezvous with the orbiting capsule. This proposal was called Lunar Orbit Rendezvous. What? Rendezvous in lunar orbit so far from Earth? We did not know how to do that and it was considered heresy. John Houbolt sidestepped his managers to get the idea out to sympathetic ears. The great father of Apollo, Werner von Braun, eschewed it at first. Ultimately, he saw the merits in solving the mass problem of a huge lunar lander and then he himself championed Lunar Orbit Rendezvous. That proposal made the Apollo Moon landing possible. The LM did indeed rendezvous with the Command Module after each successful Moon landing.[37]

Regarding the question about rendezvous in the Aquila Mission, we are now very sophisticated in near Earth, lunar, and deep space rendezvous. The mission even without the resupply module rendezvous requires sophisticated rendezvous maneuvers with the objectives. We regularly resupply the ISS with Earth orbit rendezvous. The recent Rosetta and Dawn missions are prime examples of successful asteroid and comet rendezvous putting the respective robotic probes in orbit around low mass bodies in deep space. The orbiting Mars Base Camp, scheduled for 2028, will require regular Mars orbit resupply rendezvous. Do we have a one hundred percent chance of getting the resupply modules on station with the Aquila objectives and have Altair rendezvous with them? No. The mission can succeed even with resupply failure. However, we demand that the crew leave Earth with these resupply options.
In this image, the Vega components are shown in docking position with the Altair. The ROV comet lander will keep station at a safe distance. The cargo module will dock with a port on the Libertas module. The cryo-stage will mate with the aft end of the OOS-2. The CanadaArm used so successfully on the ISS to retrieve satellites and resupply modules requires line of sight for the astronaut operator. It is especially useful for retrieving objects with limited docking control. We do not have the luxury of including the mass of the CanadaArm for docking. Obviously, we can’t dock blind. The back-up camera in your car has revolutionized parking. We will provide docking cameras with even more sophisticated proximity sensors and AI computer control. The crew will monitor and prepare to take over manual docking control if needed. They will not have to be in direct line of sight with the docking vehicle since it will be in detailed docking camera view. Joystick controls can override the auto docking procedure.
Deneb and Vega will have homing beacon signals to aid Altair in locating them. The homing beacons will last indefinitely with power from solar panels. If the resupply modules or any part remain unused, they can be relocated for the needs of any deep space crew in their vicinity in the future—perhaps asteroid and comet miners!
Deep Space MMU
We are now very experienced with EVA routines on the ISS. Those routines require that the astronauts on EVA be tethered at all times. The handholds on ISS and mobility afforded by the CanadaArm give the astronauts full freedom to get their EVA tasks done without an MMU (manned maneuvering unit). The MMU is reinvented for the Aquila Mission. Will it be on a tether? What are the emergency contingency procedures?

This is the design concept for the deep space MMU. The MMU can range 500 meters or more from the Altair as the astronaut performs asteroid exploration and sampling. A tether is unworkable for that much scope. This deep space exploration freedom is what gives the Aquila Mission so much appeal for the human spirit. Marietta built the original MMU. It worked superbly back in the 1980s on shuttle mission STS-41B.[38] That MMU flight still inspires anyone who looks at the images of an astronaut flying free without a tether. Lincoln Main (successor to Marietta) has been selected for the MMU project for design completion, construction, and testing at ISS. The MMU will be a gyrostabilzed platform with computer navigation homing relative to the Libertas docking module on the Altair. The MMU will have the same sophisticated cameras with proximity sensors and computer control similar to what we will use for docking at Altair. The crew will monitor and prepare to take over manual MMU control from the EVA astronaut if needed. The last resort rescue contingency might have the crew undock the Hab module at the Libertas connection and then fly the Rigel and Libertas to go rescue the EVA astronaut.
The sample collecting and science instrumentation are off the shelf elements mostly from the successful Mars Science Laboratory (MSL) Curiosity Rover.[39] The basic MSL derived instrument arm is tried and tested. MSL was launched in 2011. Its instrumentation design elements were proposed in 2004 and were assembled by 2008. There have been tremendous advances in the instruments’ capabilities, sensor electronics, and computing capabilities since that time. These advanced systems will undergo rigorous testing before they are integrated into the Deep Space MMU. Sample collecting apparatus will be derived from the very sophisticated subsea ROV manipulator arms that have enabled extreme deep sea science and construction work for decades. These arms can be small, lightweight, and powerful.
Fit for Purpose Technology
Realistically, there is a tight timeline to get the Aquila Mission moving forward for 2023. Much of the wrangling for design components of this mission will need to be worked out in a series of design workshops with international ISS partners and space industry representatives. The selected mission components use off the shelf technology to meet the demanding mission preparation timeline.
The Albireo module offers a good option for cargo and can be converted to a lightweight, radiation shielded hab that can be easily scaled to fit Aquila Mission requirements. For heavy lift vehicles, the SRS is the only choice to get the main fueled components of Altair with Rigel to LEO. The Peregrine Heavy lift capacity is a perfect choice for the requirements of the three lifts described for Altair assembly and resupply module launches. The United Rocket cryo-stages are lightweight and have the highest specific impulse of any of the propulsion stage options. This saves the larger propellant load required for other options. A larger propellant load does not fit the mission requirements for heavy lift limits already stretched. The long term cryogenic liquid storage problem was solved and refined from insulation designs used in Apollo. The propellant tanks we will use for OOS-2, Deneb, and Vega can maintain LOX and LH2 for a minimum of ten years.
Solar electric propulsion (SEP) or ion drive is a deep space propulsion option. The technology has been used very successfully on deep space probes that operate for years building velocity over time with the very low thrust afforded by the ion drive. These robotic probes can also use long, complicated orbits that allow gravitational assist from the Earth or Venus. Our crew must be limited to a mission of not more than thirteen months due to radiation exposure in deep space. Perhaps in the future, nuclear ion propulsion can be used to shorten the duration of a crewed deep space flight to Mars or beyond. However, that technology is in its relative infancy and not ready for Aquila.
Guidance, Navigation, and Control
Goddard’s area of expertise is guidance, navigation, and control (GNC) and flight dynamics. For GNC, we have steadily improved the deep space network and our GNC facilities since Apollo, with state-of-the-art technology, computing, and programming for utmost efficiency and accuracy. For flight systems, we have microminiaturized the inertial guidance platforms with redundant systems in each module. We owe homage to MIT’s Dr. Henry Draper for persevering to construct the inertial guidance systems he miniaturized for Apollo. Today’s system automatically takes star sightings to reconfirm orientation. Yet, our crew will be trained in celestial navigation to take manual star sightings to use, as a last resort, to reorient the inertial platform if automated systems fail. We have very successfully guided probes for decade long missions to the far reaches of our solar system.
Achieving Inclination
Goddard Space Flight Center
Flight Dynamics Facility
May 22, 2017 11:00 AM EST
Joint Meeting for Aquila Mission Design

Bennu and comet 125P are not in perfectly flat orbital planes with Earth. This will cost propellant for orbital maneuvers to achieve these objectives. They are not anomalous in the solar system which in itself is not perfectly flat. The Sun rotates at the equator in about twenty-five days. Widely accepted theory says that the Sun and solar system planets formed from the same rotating flat disk of gas and dust. The Sun’s rotation axis has a tilt of about six degrees off the orbital plane of the major planets. This leads to questions of catastrophic perturbations that slightly altered the perfect plane predicted by the formation of the solar system.
Let’s look in more detail at the orbits of our objectives. Their orbital inclination and eccentricity are slightly different from Earth and Mars but their orbits are achievable for the timing of our mission. First, asteroid Bennu has orbital eccentricity that takes it from just inside Earth’s orbit to the orbit of Mars. It is an Earth crossing threat with a 1 in 1800 chance of impacting Earth in 2182 by some simulations. That in itself is a good reason for studying Bennu and test means of asteroid deflection.

Bennu’s elliptical orbit comes nearly tangent to Earth’s orbit and velocity at the rendezvous window that opens on August 27, 2023. However, Bennu’s orbit is inclined to Earth’s orbit by six degrees. It will be just crossing Earth’s orbit at rendezvous and so Altair will have to adjust its inclination with a vectored burn, we’re calling the RBM maneuver, to match Bennu’s inclination. Inclination change, delta-i can be calculated with factors including orbit eccentricity and semi-major axis.[40]

The budgeted delta-V of 0.7 km/s precisely aimed will accomplish the inclination and orbital velocity change.
Relative to Bennu, comet 125P has a higher eccentricity and higher inclination of ten degrees. When Altair performs its burn to leave Bennu for comet 125P, the T2I maneuver, it will be aiming for the point where 125P crosses Mars orbit at perihelion and will be traveling at near Mars velocity. The T2I maneuver will be vectoring to match 125P’s inclination. Altair’s burn to rendezvous with the comet, the R2M maneuver, will fine tune velocity to match the comet. The Altair can only stay with the comet for about 39 days as the comet’s elliptical orbit begins to take it out beyond Mars orbit toward Jupiter. Altair’s burn to take it back to Earth, TEI, will vector to meet the inclination and much less eccentric orbit of Earth.

Consider the OSIRIS REx mission to asteroid Bennu. As a robotic mission on a tight financial budget and very limited propellant, it executed a long two year path to Bennu including a gravitational boost from an Earth flyby. Aquila will reach Bennu in thirty-nine days. The Rosetta robotic mission took over ten years to reach its comet 67P objective and executed two Earth and one Mars flyby gravity assists to get there. No crewed mission could endure these long maneuvers to save propellant. Aquila will reach comet 125P in six months. The Aquila thirteen-month mission will push the limits of crew endurance from radiation exposure and psychological stress. Aquila orbit and inclination changes come with a steep price of propellant but are achievable with the propellant budget. However, without resupply on orbit there will be no reserve. The Deneb and Vega resupply modules are the crew’s life insurance.
Joint Meeting for Aquila Mission Design—Conclusion
Dr. Scoville closes out the Joint Meeting for Aquila Mission Design with some inspirational comments about the tasks ahead of the organizations represented by those assembled.
“This meeting has laid out the scope and engineering design elements to prepare us for the next big step in human space flight, the deep space Aquila Mission to rendezvous with asteroid Bennu and comet 125P. We have the technology and the will to integrate this deep space vehicle. Each element is derived from existing and proven space hardware. The biggest challenge will be to rigorously test and integrate the modules that will become Altair, the largest and most sophisticated vehicle to leave Earth orbit for deep space.
“Altair will take a brave crew of four with all the long duration life support experience we have garnered from ISS. A most critical element is the Tarazed Habitat, which must incorporate infallible and compact life support, mission control, communication, and living space for the thirteen-month mission. The Aquila crew will be chosen for their expertise and experience. The crew must be intimately involved in working with the contractors. They will be empowered to insure that the integrated elements and modules come together into a reliable, livable Altair deep space vehicle to accomplish the mission and get them home safely.
“It is a huge challenge to get the Aquila Mission assembled for launch in 2023. We have given you the framework. Mission planners, engineers, and manufacturers will spend long hours, days, weeks, over the next years getting this mission ready. The Aquila Mission’s success, the success and future of human deep space presence, is in your hands.
“We will break now and come back at 10:30 to begin assigned breakout sessions to discuss each of the major components of Altair. Lunch is from 12:30 to 1:30. The breakout sessions will continue until 2:30. Then we will convene back here to report your discussion findings. At 5 PM we will conclude with a reception in the foyer.”

CHAPTER 6 Crew Selection
“We need… to explore and learn all things, we require that all things be mysterious and unexplorable, that land and sea be indefinitely wild, unsurveyed and unfathomed by us because [they are] unfathomable.”
―Henry David Thoreau, Walden: Or, Life in the Woods
Reception and Invitation
Goddard Space Flight Center
Flight Dynamics Facility
May 22, 2017 5:00 PM EST
Joint Meeting for Aquila Mission Design

After a group photo for the Aquila Mission Design conference, Dr. Scoville announced, “Thank you all for the long day of productive work on Aquila and Altair. On behalf of Goddard and with compliments of the Trane Administration, we have an open bar with beer, wine, and hors d’oeuvres in the foyer.”
At the reception, Coby found himself surrounded by admirers and engineers hoping to bend his ear. Of particular interest to Coby, a Roscosmos aeronautical engineer astronaut named Elena Petrov, had been in Coby’s breakout session. Coby had met her previously during training at Baikonur before Ellen got sick. Elena has long blond hair and blue eyes like his wife. He hadn’t noticed her this way before. There she was standing with a glass of red wine off to his left just out of the crowd. She was discreetly trying to get his attention. During an afternoon breakout session, Elena had given him her card as had most of the others as a business introduction and courtesy. However, he noticed before he slipped it into his pocket, Elena’s card had a note on the back. It was an invitation to dinner and her phone number. She had Coby’s eye just now and gave him the call me hand sign. Coby smiled, blushed, and gave her a nod.
He surprised himself by crossing this invisible line. After a GNN interview in DC, Kate Turner had called his hotel room. He found her physically attractive but somehow she wasn’t his type. He politely declined the offer to get together for drinks using the excuse that he was tired and needed to get back to Houston early the next day. On the other hand, Coby found Elena intriguing, brilliant, and amusing. He told himself, I’m not ready for a relationship yet but I’m desperate for some companionship.
Coby mingled in the crowd at the Goddard reception. He occasionally caught a glimpse of Elena. He slipped outside and called for a taxi. He then called Elena to join him in five minutes. She emerged smiling from Goddard Building 28 just as the taxi pulled up. “Hi, nice of you to join me!” Coby opened the taxi door for her and then got in the other side.
The cabbie asked, “Where to?”
“We know that Greenbelt is not the place for nightlife but where do you recommend for a good dinner?”
After dinner, enjoying her touch and warm, soft hands, Coby changed the subject. “So Goddard has put all the attendees at the Marriott.”
Elena volunteered, “Yes, I’m on the sixth floor.”
“Nice coincidence. So am I. We have so much to talk about, shall we move on?”
Elena smiled. “Da.”

Greenbelt Marriott
Greenbelt, Maryland
May 22, 2017

Elena stopped by her room to get some necessities and then walked down the hall to Coby’s room. She lightly rapped on the door. Coby answered in moments and led her in. He had some light jazz playing on the room TV and had just opened a bottle of Beaujolais Nouveau. They sat on the couch sipping the young but excellent red wine in hotel glasses. They were looking into each other’s eyes and continuing their reminiscences of their time at the training facilities at Baikonur.
Elena made the first move with a soft kiss that slowly grew in passion. Coby naturally thought of Ellen but Elena’s perfume brought him into the here and now. Coby was still cautious not to cross his invisible mental barrier. Elena’s hand was sensuously rubbing his thigh. He slowly unbuttoned Elena’s blouse and kissed her chest and warm abdomen while she released her bra. Coby knew the moves but was reluctant to go farther. Elena’s hands continued to rub his thighs and then found his erection. He cupped her soft breast. He felt her nipples go hard as he kissed them. In a smooth move she had his pants off. They left a trail of clothes as Elena led him to the bed.
“God. It’s been so long.”
“Quiet, my dear. You’re here with me now. Let me enjoy this.”
Coby felt very at ease with Elena. She was warm and affectionate in such a natural way, doing things that he had never dared imagine. He realized now how repressed he and Ellen had been. He had closed himself off from primal feelings for years. At this moment Coby and Elena had deep needs and found what they needed in each other. What was even more comforting was that even though it was unspoken, they would just remain close friends. Both wanted no more than sexual gratification and warm comfort right now…
Coby stirred with beams of sunshine coming in through a small gap in the window blinds. He felt warm skin against his thigh and smelled faint perfume. Mmm… Ellen… he thought in his blurry semi-consciousness… no… Elena! A smile came to him. He felt warmth and arousal. He gently drew Elena closer. She stirred and whispered, “Again, dear?”
“We could, but it seems so special to just hold you close. In thirty minutes, we can expect the breakfast order we left on the doorknob last night. When it comes, you stay put and I’ll get the door.”
Elena whispered, “Better yet. Come with me to the shower now.”
“Da! Commander Brewster is a new man!”
Elena was a beautiful sight to follow into the bathroom. Coby, at forty-six, looked a decade younger. He worked out every day as a habit he started on ISS. He must work out even harder on Altair to keep some degree of fitness in the long endurance in microgravity. The warm hard spray of the shower felt great but not as sensuous as Elena. She drew a soapy line down his well-defined pecs and admired his six-pack abs…”
After breakfast, Coby pulled a sheaf of papers out of his laptop case and poured both of them another cup of coffee. “Elena, zvezda moya, will you help me sort through these FKA astronaut candidate CVs? You know, I’m going to be influential in crew selection for Aquila. I really want to get this right since I’m going to spend thirteen months with the three selected to crew with me.”
“Da moy medved.”
“Bear? Did I growl last night?”
“Some, but the bear also has strength and courage.”
Coby smiled. “And charges off into the unknown? What do you think of the candidates?”
“Anatoli Churyev, Pavel Smirnov, Kristina Yanovich, Viktor Ivanov… Elena Petrov?”
“Elena, I would recommend you in a heartbeat for your expertise in propulsion systems, but we can only consider veteran astronauts with more than a hundred days cumulative orbit time, and you haven’t orbited yet. I need you down here to help me cut through the international engineering divide, to help NASA, ESA, and Roscosmos work together as they have for ISS. I know all of these candidates from Baikonur but I have only flown with Anatoli. He’s a superb pilot. Viktor has an outstanding CV and reputation as someone who is proven to be cool headed and resourceful when things go from bad to worse. What are your thoughts?”
“I know Anatoli, Pavel, Kristina, and Viktor from Roscosmos seminars where I assisted in training. I am familiar with their flight records. We spent time together on retreat in the Urals. If my opinion counts, I can’t imagine tolerating more than the few days I already spent with any of them but Viktor. He’s brilliant and personable yet modest about his accomplishments. As for Viktor pulling through in a bad situation, Pavel told the team a story about a jet trainer flight that he was piloting with Viktor as copilot. They were flying from Moscow back to Baikonur, when they ran into a storm with their wings icing. Pavel couldn’t maintain altitude and said, ‘We’re going down!’ Viktor said, ‘Not with me you’re not!’ He took the controls and put the jet into a dive to gain speed then pulled up hard with much of the ice breaking loose. He brought the plane on a reverse course to Moscow to get out of the storm. Pavel said he owes his life to Vik.”
“That recommendation and his CV helps me sort through this. Spasibo zvezda moya. I will carry the recommendation to Houston for the crew selection conference.” Coby again looked at Viktor’s CV synopsis then stacked it with the others.
They met in the lobby with their light travel bags. After a long hug and embrace Elena said, “I will see you someday soon but it will be hard to keep what we had last night. I’ll be in Moscow and you in Houston. Go on with your mission planning and preparation and give it all for safety and coming back home. Dasvedanya moy medved.”
“Dasvedanya zvezda moya.” With that, they got into separate taxis. Elena was going to Dulles for her flight back to Moscow. Coby was going to Bolling Air Force Base to fly his T-38 jet, courtesy of NASA, back to Houston Ellington Field. He was flying on the clouds and feeling that he had a future worth living.

Crew Selection Conference
Robert Gilruth Conference Center
Hilton Houston NASA Clear Lake
3000 NASA Parkway, Houston, Texas
June 12, 2017 9:00 AM CDT

The introductory conference image on the center screen and their agenda folder shows the partner space agency logos and an unfinished Aquila Mission logo: an Eagle in flight with the stars Altair, Deneb, and Vega.

A crew of four is optimal for the Rigel or Phoenix capsule and for the habitat size and mass allotted for the Aquila Mission. The crew should be composed of a commander, a pilot, and two mission specialists. The goal is to assemble a crew whose individual skills, experience, and temperament would combine in such a way as to be able to withstand the most challenging and unpredictable possibility of vital equipment failure and duration of isolation together.
Halle Ortega, Director NASA Johnson Space Center, selected Coby Brewster as Aquila commander for his outstanding performance as a crew commander on ISS. Halle gave Coby license to help choose the remaining three astronaut slots on the mission. The crew selection will be one of the most important factors in achieving mission success. Coby mulls his ideal crew parameters. For such a long mission, psychological factors favor a mixed male and female crew: competent, experienced, and single. A crew of two men and two women is ideal. NASA studies do not favor an all-male or an all-female crew for long duration missions. Coby is very motivated for the mission but the thought of spending thirteen months with a crew of three other men is far from ideal. NASA does not condone crew relations in space. Coby foresees that allowing for open relations of a mixed crew will be healthy for such a long duration mission. Recruiting experienced married astronaut couples is a nonstarter since there are none in the candidate pool. Recruiting a married astronaut with an earthbound spouse entails the pain of separation that could hinder crew performance. NASA astronaut Scott Kelly spent a year on ISS. He confessed that the psychological challenge of separation from his wife and family was greater than the physical challenge of microgravity.
This issue was underscored because of Coby’s rift with Ellen over his incessant training absences and long actual missions on ISS. His sour communications with Ellen while he was on orbit were at times very distracting and dragging on his mission concentration. He dearly loved Ellen and her death had hit him hard. This assignment to Aquila was pulling him out of his grief. It was pumping life back into his soul.
The candidate pool is composed of sixteen experienced astronauts each with over one hundred days on orbit on ISS. Their performance records and psych profiles have the highest ratings. Some candidates were scrubbed because their records indicated performance issues under long term stress. NASA and international partners feared the remote possibility of psychological breakdown on ISS or worse yet in deep space. An irrational astronaut would be a danger to the entire crew. The only option would be sedation and that could only be short term.
The interview process has teams of NASA, FKA, ESA, JAXA, and CSA interviewers in separate interview rooms. Candidates will rotate through the gauntlet of interviews. Then there will be a conclave of interviewers and the tough process of selecting the remaining three astronauts for the prime crew. Equally important will be selecting the backup crew. They felt that there was a small but not unimaginable likelihood of a prime crew scrub over the long course of mission planning and training.
Coby knows most of the active astronaut corps from NASA, ESA, Roscosmos, CSA, and JAXA. Some candidates quickly rise to the top of his list, but he won’t rush the selection process. All of the ISS partner countries including NASA will have their crew candidate proposals. Coby and NASA will have the final deciding vote on crew selection.

Hilton Houston NASA Clear Lake
Alan Shepard Room
NASA Interviewers: Halle Ortega and Coby Brewster
June 12, 2017 10:30 AM CDT

Viktor Ivanov entered the breakout room and seated himself at the chair indicated opposite Director Ortega and Commander Brewster. Viktor was muscular, trim, and fit with a receding hairline and gray temples. Halle began, “Mr. Ivanov, welcome. We have thirty minutes to complete the interview. We have five questions for you to consider and give us your honest response. We would like to get through each question so being concise is important.”
Coby asked the first question. “What do you think is the most pressing technical challenge to the mission and how would you influence the mission planners and industry to mitigate the challenge?”
Viktor smiled, opened the bottle of water set at his place, and took a sip while thinking about his reply. “I accept the reality you presented that the Altair will have minimal to no fuel reserves to complete the mission. I consider that getting the Deneb and Vega modules in place and completing a successful rendezvous and resupply to be the most critical technical challenge. Closed loop life support is mission critical and we have years of experience with that on ISS. We know how to maintain the systems so long as we have spare equipment. Getting the additional impulse for orbit maneuvers from the spare cryo-stages are equally critical. Beyond getting Altair perfectly prepared for the mission, we must focus expertise and attention on the success of the resupply modules. If rendezvous and resupply with Deneb or Vega fails, that becomes a no-go for completing a normal mission plan. The Aquila Mission then goes into an abort plan to get back to Earth on the shortest, most efficient return trajectory that GNC Flight Dynamics can devise…”

Alan Shepard Room
NASA Interviewers: Halle Ortega and Coby Brewster
June 12, 2017 11:13 AM CDT

Abigail Denton is seated and feeling at ease with the interview. She is well poised and impeccably dressed in a dark gray business suit. Her long brunette hair is neatly pinned in an up do. Coby Brewster asks the first question. “Dr. Denton, in your time in space, what was your biggest challenge and how did you deal with it?”
“I’ve never felt comfortable with titles, please call me Abby. In all respect to your question, I would like to take a derivative tack on my answer. I found all of my science duties in space medicine experiments to be challenging and rewarding professionally but I don’t think that’s what you want to hear. I’d like to tell you about an incident I was involved in at the Neutral Buoyancy Lab. We were practicing EVA for ISS construction and repair. We had been in the tank for three hours. My counterpart, John Cochran, was experiencing some breathing difficulty as his EMU began filling with water up to his faceplate. I ordered an abort knowing that he had a chance if I could get him on the lift platform. For an EVA on ISS, I would have to get John into the airlock, that’s where the sim parts from reality. However, this situation was no less dire than being in space. It took about four minutes to get us out of the tank. John’s breathing was spluttering then stopped about the time we got to the surface. I yelled for the techs to get his helmet and suit torso off. Even in an emergency, this takes about a minute. While they tended to John, I unsnapped and removed my helmet. The techs were fumbling to begin CPR on John. I calmed them and talked them through it until John began to breathe on his own, thank God. I was on the accident investigation board for two months.”
Seeing beads of sweat form on Abbie’s upper lip, Halle and Coby knew the experience and emotions were real.
“After that and now learning that the Altair may only have a one-man airlock and EVA routine, I would very much like to be involved in working on the safety and emergency protocols…”

Alan Shepard Room
NASA Interviewers: Halle Ortega and Coby Brewster
June 12, 2017 11:41 AM CDT

Rafaela Accardi, the only astrogeologist to go to ISS to date, is being interviewed. Rafaela was modestly dressed in a white blouse with a strand of pearls on her neck. After introductions, Halle led with this question: “Ms. Accardi, how do you feel about the time away from friends and family for training and mission preparation compounded by a thirteen-month mission farther from Earth than any human has been?”
“I’m no stranger to the rigors and time involved in mission preparation and training. I was adopted and my parents were always wrapped up in University of Naples affairs with little time or affection spent on me. I’ve always found my social life to be in my work, especially since joining ESA. On ISS, the crew was my family. While going on a thirteen-month mission is no walk in the park for endurance, I embrace the opportunity to work first hand on Bennu and comet 125P. The meteorite samples I study give me no end of awe and wonder since they’re fragments of the beginnings of our solar system.
“Consider Mars itself. Mars once held vast lakes and an ocean with conditions that existed for a billion years. I can’t think of any mission more important to finding our origins in the solar system than the one we are bound for. Those conditions could have evolved and sustained life. Mars rovers found evidence of flowing water with braided stream deposits like those that we see in the present and in the rock record on Earth. They found various hydrated clay layers that could only form in the presence of water. There were found layered silicate sedimentary rocks similar to once living primitive algal stromatolites from Earth’s geology of three billion years ago. In the layered silicates on Mars, there was chemical evidence of boron, which is necessary for the synthesis of RNA necessary to Earth life and a precursor to DNA. In 2014, researchers reported that they had succeeded in the abiotic synthesis of the four bases found in RNA: adenine, guanine, cytosine, and uracil. They achieved this by bombarding a mixture of formamide and borate clay with powerful laser pulses that mimicked the temperature and pressure expected when a large meteorite strikes the Earth or Mars. Space itself is rife with organic molecules. Astronomers, using infrared spectroscopy, have identified a variety of inorganic building blocks of organic molecules in interstellar space such as hydrogen sulfide, hydrogen cyanide, carbon monoxide, carbon dioxide, and ammonia. They have identified organic molecules, including methane, methanol, formaldehyde, cyanoacetylene, polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons. Many of these forms of carbon molecular goo are expected to be found on our asteroid Bennu and our comet 125P. With all that out there, how could I not dedicate my life to the opportunity to visit two of the most primitive bodies we know of?”
Coby had met Rafaela, or as she preferred to be called Ellie, at a conference in Houston. At that time as now, he found her attractive and well spoken, with a wry sense of humor. Ellie was very accomplished for thirty-three. She was a respected astrogeologist, a proven pilot as a captain in the Aeronautica Militare, and a veteran ISS astronaut. Her long auburn hair and green eyes were stunning. Italian with auburn hair… yes… like Botticelli’s famous painting The Birth of Venus.
But Coby knew better than to let her physical attributes jade his objective and professional recommendation for his crew. The Aquila Mission above all needed a seasoned astrogeologist/astronaut for the science this high profile mission required at Bennu and comet 125P. There was no candidate more qualified for the position.

John Glenn Room
FKA Interviewers: Nikolai Pushkin and Sasha Voykin
June 12, 2017 12:46 AM CDT

Boris Vinovich was seated across from the interviewers and thinking he had nailed the first question. Sasha Voykin asked the second question. “What do you think is the best mix of genders and professional backgrounds for this mission?”
Boris smiled and winked at Sasha. “For me, their professions aren’t so critical but I would want my crewmates to all be women!”
Sasha grimaced and Nikolai said, “That will conclude this interview. Sasha, let’s take a break.”
“But I was joking!”
“And this is not the time and place for that. We are finished here.”

Hilton Houston NASA Clear Lake
Neil Armstrong Ballroom
Aquila Mission Candidate Luncheon
June 12, 2017 10:30 AM CDT

As instructed, the candidates completed their interviews and reconvened in the Neil Armstrong Ballroom for lunch. Seats were assigned. Candidates and interviewers were seated to mix them differently from the interview assignments so the interviewers would get a better perspective. The only exception to that was the table where Coby Brewster was seated. At his request, the table seating included Viktor Ivanov, Abigail Denton, and Rafaela Accardi, his unspoken top candidate picks for the prime crew. Candidates Dieter Schwartz, Mano Hirakata, Yelena Vondalkova, and ESA Director Jean-Pierre Piccard rounded out the rest of the table.
Yelena’s Russian accent made him think of Elena. He wished she were here but knew they had to keep their space on two different hemispheres. Salads were finished and cleared in a din of lively conversation. The main course being served was Gulf red snapper with shrimp étouffée. Once again, JSC Director Halle Ortega took to the podium.
“We are honored to have a special guest speaker with us today for this historic gathering of some of the most accomplished active astronauts as candidates for the Aquila Mission. Our guest is a man who represents the most historic chapter of human space flight. Hal Bidluck was the backup Apollo 17 lunar module pilot. He trained for the mission in every detail, he served as CapCom during the mission, and eventually flew to Skylab, America’s first space station. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Hal Bidluck.”
Everyone present got to their feet with thunderous applause. “Thank you. Thank you. Please be seated. I am honored to be here today and honored for such a reception. From the perspective of our rapid advance in space with Apollo, I thought we would have had a crew on Mars long before today. However, it’s no secret that I have been vocal that we should not go to Mars until we go back to the Moon and develop a technology base for living and working and transporting ourselves through space. The Moon has not seen human footsteps since Apollo 17 in 1972. Yet here I am today wishing you Godspeed on a voyage beyond the Moon. I believe the parents of the first native-born Martians are alive today, possibly in this room.
“My real joy in being here with you today is not in giving you a lecture while you eat. I will be joining Aquila Mission Commander Coby Brewster to give you that guided tour that Halle mentioned yesterday. It will not be the tour given to JSC visitors but a behind the scenes tour for you as VIPs. After lunch, on our tour we will see the Apollo 17 Command Module, Apollo Mission Control VIP room, an actual surviving Apollo Saturn V rocket, the rocket museum yard including the Pad 39C Gantry down which all the Apollo astronauts walked to enter their crew capsule. We will see the Lunar Sample Receiving Lab, Neutral Buoyancy Lab training tank for micro-G simulation, and lastly the Planetary Analog Test Site also known as the Rock Yard. It simulates general features of the Moon and Mars surface terrain with simulated craters and strewn rock field conditions. You will get to copilot the next generation Space Exploration Vehicle rover for crewed exploration of the Moon or Mars in a shirtsleeve environment. Thank you. I look forward to joining you on the tour. The bus will be out front at 2 PM.”
The buses disembarked first at the JSC Visitors center. Coby spoke the group. “We will be in the midst of other JSC visitors here but remember we are VIPs with Hal Bidluck to see the Apollo 17 capsule on display here. Please follow Hal now.”

JSC Visitors Center[41]
June 12, 2017 2:25 PM CDT

Hal led the group of veteran astronauts. “Here she is, Command Module America, the Apollo 17 crew home for about eight days on the way to and from the Moon. Ron Evans spent three more days with her alone while Gene Cernan and Jack Schmitt explored the Moon at Taurus-Littrow. It’s not nearly as spacious as the Rigel capsule but similar in general design. Its GNC computer had only 2K of RAM but the computer code was so efficient that it could do the real time 3D nav to get us to the Moon, compute lunar orbit rendezvous with the LM Challenger, and get them back on that slim reentry corridor to within sight of the recovery carrier Ticonderoga. Jack slept in the small space below his seat. He wasn’t enjoying deep sleep during rest periods on the mission since he kept looking at the panel above his head for warning lights while Gene and Ron slept. Likewise, when Jack was on the Moon, after a grueling seven plus hours EVA and trying to sleep in a hammock-like sling below the instruments, he would doze but keep an eye out for alarm lights. Wouldn’t it be great and inspiring if we had the LM Challenger to display in this museum? The fact is, however, that Gene and Jack left the Challenger descent stage, their rover, ALSEP instruments, footprints, and Jack’s rock hammer on the surface at Taurus-Littrow. Perhaps someday they will be part of a lunar museum. The plaque in the ladder of Challenger read Here Man completed his first explorations of the Moon, December 1972 AD. May the spirit of peace in which we came be reflected in the lives of all mankind. Likewise, the Aquila Mission should leave commemoration on Bennu and 125P of humanity’s first visit to bodies beyond the Moon.”

JSC Apollo Saturn V Rocket Display
June 12, 2017 3:05 PM CDT

Hal led the group and threaded his way through tourists who were oblivious to the group of very real astronauts in their midst. They entered the long aluminum sided building and were immediately awed by the size of the five F-1 engines at the aft end of the very real Saturn V stack laid out on its side. On their right were large photo displays of every Apollo crew ending at the Apollo Command Module with the Apollo 17 display.
“You’re staring down the maws of the most powerful rocket engines in the history of human space flight. As you can see, each one’s diameter is taller than a man. At the narrow interior of the bell you can see the engine damper plate with hundreds of holes drilled to get the mixing kerosene and LOX to spin as it burned furiously. The damper plate was retrofitted so the engine didn’t shake itself apart. Even knowing the fix the engineers made, the crew sit on top of the big rocket mentally prepared for the g-forces but not its a violent shaking as they slowly leave the pad. Not until you have stared into the maw of that F-1 engine can you truly understand where the violence is coming from.”
Coby added, “The only rocket that compares will be the SRS Block 2 that will launch the Altair crew to join the other components for assembly at ISS. The SRS will have about 92 percent of the lift capacity of the Saturn V. Instead of five F-1 engines, it will be powered with four RT-26 engines and two SRBs like the Space Shuttle. Human space flight has been stuck in low Earth orbit ever since Apollo. Such is history. Let’s walk on to the upper stages with Hal.”
Hal continued, “Here we have the second stage with five J-2 engines burning LH2/LOX giving a much higher specific impulse than the kerosene burning F-1. Only the Space Shuttle RT-26 main engine and the RM-10B cryo-stage engines that will be used on the Altair for on orbit staging and deep space orbit maneuvers have a higher specific impulse. On the Saturn ride when staging occurred, we went from about four Gs to zero then to a huge kick in the pants when the second stage fired. Let’s walk on up to the third stage.
“This is the Saturn third stage using a single J-2 engine. This engine pushed the crew the final way to LEO, then sent them on to the Moon at TLI. Above the fuel tanks is the garage for the LM and the Command and Service Module on top. On the coast to the Moon they turned the CM around and extracted the LM.”
Coby continued, “Maneuvers like that will become familiar to the Altair crew for many events on the mission. Now that we are at this end of the rocket, on the wall to your right you see the Apollo 17 crew with the young Jack Schmitt, Gene Cernan, and Ron Evans before their mission.”
“OK now, let’s move to the bus to see the original Apollo Mission Control.”

JSC Building 30
Christopher C. Kraft Jr. Mission Control Center
Mission Operation Control Room 2
June 12, 2017 3:41 PM CDT

Coby addressed the group as they exited the bus and gathered. “The last stop will be a thrill to relive with Hal. This is the original Apollo Mission Control Center. JSC used to take tourists to a Disney World style mock-up of this facility. Now as we enter, we are in the control room VIP viewing area. These faded red velvet seats are the original seats where presidents, members of Congress, heads of state, and astronauts’ families watched key mission events unfold. Remember that the launch-phase mission control is at Cape Canaveral Kennedy Space Center in Florida but still subordinate to Houston. After the launch phase, full control is handed to Houston—to this very control room. Missions from Gemini to Apollo to the Shuttle until 1992 were controlled from this room. It is designated a National Historic Monument.”
Hal took the lead. “This is the actual room that is etched in history with Gene Kranz as flight director and Charlie Duke as CAPCOM during the Apollo 11 moon landing. I was in the control room with other astronauts and NASA brass. Another riveting moment in history lived and recorded in this room is the Apollo 13 incident as it unfolded on the way to the Moon and the harrowing days to safe splashdown. That event had the whole world riveted and is immortalized in the movie Apollo 13 and Gene Kranz’ book Failure is not an Option. These are the actual consoles from those days. Down in front you can see the CAPCOM and Flight Director consoles. As you can see, it was a day of more primitive technology. Note the rotary dial telephones and pneumatic tubes for sending communications to back rooms where scores of engineers were on duty. Coming here gets me choked with emotion. The control team, including me as CAPCOM, was front and center getting the Apollo 17 mission to the Moon, watching the three EVAs unfold, and getting them safely home.”

JSC Lunar Sample Lab
June 12, 2017 4:12 PM CDT

Hal made a brief statement as technicians behind glass in dust free lab wear opened air tight sample containers with sealed isolation gloves.
“This facility serves scientists around the world with small lunar study samples. Only about a hundred visiting astrogeologists per year have access to these facilities. For you as honored guests, the sample container being opened was collected by Gene Cernan and Jack Schmitt at Taurus-Littrow. Samples returned from the Aquila Mission will be treated as these lunar samples are: in total isolation quarantine to prevent them from being contaminated and to keep them from contaminating Earth. The Aquila Mission samples will be handled in the adjacent facility.”
JSC Neutral Buoyancy Lab
June 12, 2017 4:35 PM CDT
Coby addressed the group. “Hal never trained in this facility since it became operational in 1996. This is a truly impressive mission training facility. Some of you have trained here before for other missions. Some of you will be training here for the Aquila Mission. The NBL tank is 62 meters long, 31 meters wide, and 12 meters deep. The tank contains full-scale mock-ups of ISS modules and payloads, as well as visiting vehicles such as the JAXA HTV, the ESA ATV, the SpaceTrans Phoenix, and the Orbit Tech Albireo.
From a standpoint of safety at this facility and how it underscores doubly the dangers of deep space, I would like to invite candidate Dr. Abigail Denton to relate her experience here during training.”
“OK, Commander Brewster, you put me on the spot but I agree that the safety lesson is worth telling. We were practicing EVA for ISS construction. We had been in the tank for three hours. The neutral buoyancy is very much like an actual EVA but nothing could simulate having the Earth spinning below and the Milky Way so brilliant above! Suddenly, my EVA partner, John, was having breathing difficulty as his EMU began filling with water. I could see it rising in his faceplate. I ordered an abort…”
“…Thanks ,Abigail. That shows that we can never let our guard down in space or in training. Let’s get back to the bus for our last stop. It’s a cutting edge proving ground for the future of exploring new worlds.”

JSC Planetary Analog Test Site (aka the Rock Yard).
June 12, 2017 4:56 PM CDT

The group gets to their last tour stop. It was definitely not for tourists. The Rock Yard is a large open area graded with craters and strewn with boulder obstacles. In the middle, there was a small, steep sided mesa about as tall as a two story house. Next to where the bus stopped, there is a one story aluminum sided lab building where engineers were making adjustments to the next generation rover. The Space Exploration Vehicle (SEV) can carry a crew of two in a pressurized shirtsleeve environment for up to two weeks while traversing up to 800 kilometers on a battery charge. It can work on the Moon or Mars, or any other planetary body with enough gravity to keep it on the surface. The SEV is the size of an Econoline van but mounted on six large wheels each on articulated, insect-like arms. The insect image is evoked further with the front bulbous nose looking like a grasshopper’s face.

2014 AAPG Johnson Space Center Houston Tour: Space Exploration Vehicle Rover Driving Demonstration at the JSC Rock Yard Mars Simulation Terrain. Engineers pose with former NASA astronauts Harrison Schmitt and Jim Reilly

Coby started, “Here we are on a field trip to Mars. Actually now that you see the SEV, it’s obvious where Hollywood got the idea for Mark Watney’s rover on The Martian movie. Let me introduce you to NASA engineer Steve Burgh. Steve was involved in the design and construction of the SEV. Steve, this is Hal Bidluck, Apollo 17 LMP backup.”
“Hi, Steve. I love your rover. It’s sure an evolution from the rover Gene and Jack drove around Taurus-Littrow. Actually, Gene did the driving and did his best to bounce Jack out of his seat!”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Hal. Would you like to take a ride?”
“You bet—but just so long as you drive better than Gene Cernan!”
They climbed in, closed the hatch, and took seats up in the bulbous nose. The rover started off on the demo ride easily maneuvering around boulders. Then it drove into and back out of a deep crater. The most impressive demonstration of the SEV’s all-terrain prowess came next. Steve crabbed the rover up the steep side of the mesa, did a three-sixty, then easily drove down again.
Steve and Hal climbed back out of the SEV. “Thanks for the ride. Now I can say I’ve ridden a rover on Mars! Who’s next?”

Hilton Houston NASA Clear Lake
June 12, 2017 10:30 PM CDT

Coby paced in his room thinking about the crew selection. Then he was distracted by a pleasant thought. He was tempted to call Elena in Moscow. It was 7:30 AM there. But he knew he should leave that thought and not make their relationship anything more than close friendship. Crew selection is paramount. Coby knew he wanted a crew of two single men and two single women with outstanding achievements in long duration space flight who relished the idea of achieving more. Most astronauts with more than one hundred days on orbit chose to retire, their endurance already stretched to the limit. He wanted a crew who were single, there being fewer ties to relationships on Earth that could detract from the mission.
He needed a person he could rely on as at least his equal in aeronautical, mechanical, and seat-of-the-pants piloting skills—Viktor Ivanov.
He needed medical skills from a person who earned those skills sometimes under the duress of imminent failure then rising to the occasion to succeed—Abigail Denton.
Lastly, he needed a scientist who could seize this opportunity of exploration of two of our solar system’s most primitive bodies and achieve more than what the mission planners had dreamed. He wanted a scientist who could achieve what astronaut-geologist Jack Schmitt had achieved for Apollo by learning about the origin of our Moon—Rafaela Accardi.
Together the crew would leave a legacy to feed our future in asteroid mining, self-sufficiency, and colonization as we expand into the solar system. He did not know if the other crew selection reviewers shared his vision, but none of them shared his veteran perspective of what is needed for endurance on a long duration mission. As important as these traits were on his selection criteria, he needed a crew that could work together without egos or cultural divides adding to the strain of endless days in confined space. Coby was grateful for the latitude he had been given to have his say in prime crew selection and his voice would be heard. He would let the backup crew selection be the consensus of the international managers assembled in the morning.

Robert Gilruth Conference Center
Hilton Houston NASA Clear Lake
June 13, 2017 8:00 AM CDT

Over breakfast, candidates were scored by individual reviewers on CV points, interview question points, as well as flight surgeon and psychiatric reports. There was no provision for nationality favoritism. The points were tallied to make an objective ranking of the candidates. Halle Ortega invited Coby to voice his subjective choice of prime crew selection. To Coby’s surprise, the group had made the same choices since the objective rankings had those three top ranked and their individual expertise complemented the mission needs. The selection of two men and two women also was agreed by consensus in consideration of the personal dynamics of a long duration mission. The subject of crew liaisons during the mission was left unspoken. The backup crew selection did take some discussion to get a similarly complementary crew of four from the top ranked candidates. The process was recorded. They were satisfied and ready to reveal their selections to the candidates.
The panel of international space agency managers was seated in the front row. The astronaut candidates were seated in the two rows behind them. There were two groups of four chairs lined in a semi-circle on the small stage. Halle Ortega stepped up to the podium with a sheet of notes. “We are here to announce the prime and backup crew selections for the 2023 Aquila Mission. All of you are already part of our history in space exploration. Those of you not chosen today will still be eligible for future missions, perhaps the 2028 Mars Base Camp. Mission Commander Coby Brewster, who needs no introduction, would you please take the first seat on the left. As I introduce the prime crew, please come up and sit next to Coby. Hold your applause until the prime crew is seated.
“Flight Engineer Viktor Oleg Ivanov please come forward. Viktor, age fifty-two, is from Chardzhou, Turkmenistan. Vik is an aeronautical engineer graduating from Kharkiv Aviation Institute. He was selected in the 1996 RKA group of astronauts. He is a veteran of Soyuz TMA-12 (Expedition 17), Soyuz TMA-03M (Expedition 30/31), and Soyuz TMA-17 M (Expedition 44/45). He has spent 533 days on orbit and completed three EVAs with a total of eighteen hours of EVA time.
“Fight Surgeon Abigail Sophia Denton, please come forward. Abby, age thirty-three, is from South Bend, Indiana. Abby earned her BS in Biology from Notre Dame and her Doctorate in Flight Medicine from Emory University. She was inducted as an astronaut in the 2009 NASA Group 20. She is a veteran of Soyuz TMA-17M (Expedition 44/45) , has 141 days in space, two EVAs with total fifteen hours EVA time.
“Mission Specialist Rafaela Louisa Accardi, please come forward. Ellie, age thirty-nine, is from Milan, Italy. Ellie is a captain in the Italian Air Force. She earned an MS in astrogeology from the University of Naples. She was inducted into the 2009 ESA Astronaut Group. Ellie is a veteran of Soyuz TMA-15M (Expedition 42/43). She has spent 199 days on orbit.
“Aquila Prime, please stand and accept our congratulations.” The room erupted in applause. “Now I will introduce the backup crew. Again, please take successive seats.
“Robert Trask, Canada; Tracy Dixon, USA; Olga Sadoski, Russia; Paul Earhart, France.”
“Aquila backup, please stand and accept our congratulations.” More applause. Tears are seen in the eyes of some on the Aquila crew and in the eyes of some not chosen. By contrast, Robert Trask’s face grew red with disappointment and visceral anger.
“All of you will begin training here at JSC next week on June 20th. In addition, you will each get assignments to work with contractors involved in developing and constructing components of the Aquila Mission and Altair deep space vehicle. This will be what may seem an impossibly long assignment. Mission launch is just over six years from today. Consider that it takes at least ten years to design and build a major robotic mission like the phenomenally successful Cassini. Those six years may at times seem impossibly short. We have the technology. We have the will. We have the funding. You as the crew will be the very visible top of the pyramid whose foundation is the dreams of millions of people across the globe. The building blocks are the thousands of engineers and technicians who will be building the components and modules of Aquila.
“Let’s get the photographer up here to capture the crew in this moment of history. Then we will break for a reception in the Neil Armstrong Ballroom…”

CHAPTER 7 Module Management
“As for me, I am tormented with an everlasting itch for things remote. I love to sail forbidden seas, and land on barbarous coasts.”
―Herman Melville, Moby-Dick

The Apollo program serves as a precedent for involving astronaut crews in module development. NASA Astronaut Group 2 was selected in 1962 and Group 3 in 1963. The time was short to develop the Apollo Saturn V and the Command and Lunar Modules in time for test launches in 1967 and ultimately the lunar landing in 1969. Crews were assigned as liaisons with the contractors to live the development phases for the machines they would fly. The Command and Lunar Modules were the critical path items that defined the history of the program.
The Command Module was rushed beyond the ability of the Apollo crew liaisons to voice their concerns and stop the crewed Apollo 1 mission. There were preflight concerns over wires and flammables in the capsule. The Apollo 1 crew died in a fire on the launch pad during a systems test. A spark from a shorted wire ignited flammables in the pure oxygen atmosphere used during the test. Emergency preparedness and procedures were very poor. The brutal lesson doubled down on safety and may have helped insure the eventual success of Apollo.
The Lunar Module (LM) was a legendary issue keeping the Apollo program from its original schedule. Astronaut liaisons at Grumman were involved early in the LM design and construction. It was a unique spacecraft being the first designed to fly only in space vacuum and tasked with landing on the Moon and returning two astronauts to lunar orbit. Grumman and their astronaut liaisons declared the LM was not ready to fly on schedule in 1968. This nearly caused the schedule to slip and miss the end of the decade lunar landing mandate. Apollo 8 spectacularly circumnavigated the Moon in December 1968 without the LM.
The LM was completed in 1969 and was successful beyond expectations on Apollo 9-17. Not in its design specs, the LM served as a lifeboat after the Apollo 13 Command Service Module explosion that threatened crew survival en route to the Moon. The crew adapted to the potentially deadly situation with the aid of engineers on the ground. The crew survived as a testament to training and close relationships with their engineering counterparts.

Johnson Space Center
Jake Garn Training Facility Building 5
June 20, 2017 9:00 AM CDT
Aquila Mission Training—Contractor Liaison Assignments

The Aquila Prime and Backup Crews are sitting around a long table in a smallish meeting room with white boards and a digital projector. Each is wearing a new pair of blue flight overalls sporting their surname, space agency logos, and on the right breast was sewn the newly finished logo for the Aquila Mission. The logo is also blazoned on the projector screen. Flight Operations Director Ben Kirk is standing at the head of the table. Robert Trask is conspicuously terse with Ben and the rest of the crew.

Ben Kirk opened, “This is the first day of Aquila Mission planning and training. Real training cannot begin today since the book hasn’t been written yet. Crew participation in the planning and engineering of the mission will influence how the mission training book is written. Each of the crew has extensive flight skills, on-orbit experience, and specialized expertise that influenced your selection for this mission. You will use that expertise to be liaisons to the space contractors selected to construct all of the components and modules, hardware and software for this mission—the most complex mission in the history of human space exploration. Crew expertise and experience will influence that engineering and construction to obtain the perfection of the deep space vehicle that will insure mission success and your safe return to Earth. With that goal in mind, we propose these US based liaison assignments. Overseas assignments to contractors such Thorson Atlas Space will be assigned ad hoc.

“With these liaison assignments, we have oversight of our most mission critical components by the people most concerned with them working perfectly—namely the crew. The assignments are divided by areas of expertise. It is equally important to have the backup crew be a part of the liaison assignments to have all of the bases covered. It is important for the backup crew to be in perfect lock step with the prime crew. Over the course of the years ahead before launch, there is a reasonable chance that someone from the prime crew will have to be removed from flight status.
“Five of you are on active flight status for piloting T-38 aircraft. The Northrop T-38 Talon has been a standard for astronaut crew training since Apollo. The T-38 remains a fixture for astronaut training because the sleek jets require pilots to think quickly giving experiences the astronauts say are critical to practicing for space missions.
“Schedules for meeting with contractors and agencies are assigned through the Flight Operations Office. The first choice for transport is a T-38, weather permitting. This will keep up crew flight hours. On a paired assignment, two can fly in the T-38. Bad weather is treated with conservative caution since the 1966 incident that killed Gemini 9 prime crew Elliot See and Charlie Basset in a bad weather crash. The alternate plan is to fly commercial as arranged by the Flight Operations Office.”
Coby takes over from Ben Kirk. “I would like to say to all of the crew that I’m very excited to get the mission planning and soon the training underway. We’ll be spending a lot of time together. While we know how friendly rivalries and practical jokes are commonplace in crew dynamics, I’m stressing that we keep our work professional and courteous. This weekend I’ve scheduled an important crew exercise.” Groans and murmurs all around the table. “Since the weekend is technically not our work schedule in this phase, I’ve chartered a fishing boat and guide for redfish fishing in Galveston Bay. Biggest fish gets bragging rights.”
Vik jumped in. “You don’t know a big fish until you’ve hooked a Russian sturgeon!”
“No, please save it. We are working seriously this week. Let’s gather our things and move to the adjacent room. Thanks for the intro, Ben. You’ll know where to find us.”
“Here we have high-tech and low-tech. The high-tech is the eight computer workstations with access to NASA facilities and contractors. On file are 3D images of the existing off-the-shelf components that can be rendered in the currently planned Altair configuration. As you can see, on each screen is the current 3D rendering of the entire assembled Altair just rotating slowly as a screen-saver.”
They all took a long look in amazement. Abby couldn’t help but comment, “Our future home…” She smiled at Coby and he felt a new measure of enthusiasm for the huge journey they had ahead.
“Each component can be isolated and explored internally and externally. Some components are low-res and displayed in a dim translucent shade of red. These components are mission unique and not yet engineered, manufactured, or tested. We will be influencing how these components are designed. The low-tech part of our work is on those tables behind us. Each has a pile of table-sized printouts of these components that we can draw on and annotate with constructive suggestions for changes. Back in the day, we called this a brown paper session. Don’t let that throw you. The printouts are on white paper. The brown paper reference was from an industry trend to put up cheap brown paper around a conference room to encourage executives to brainstorm and draw out ideas to reorganize their business structure. Here we’re using these tools to facilitate using our expertise to influence mission design.
“Several aspects of Altair, Deneb, and Vega vehicles employ variants of Albireo modules. We are requiring all of them to be modified from their current cargo configurations. The most important of these is the Tarazed Hab Module. While there are existing designs to be evaluated, consider it a blank slate. The crew of Aquila will be spending more than a year in that module. We must make it more than a place of mere subsistence. It will be our home, our place of working, eating, experimenting, studying, exercising, recreating, and sleeping. Let’s get to work on Tarazed now and capture our thoughts on design enhancements. Here are your usernames and initial passwords for the workstations. As usual you will be asked to change your password after your initial login.”
Paul asked, “Certainly we have to trust each other. Why the passwords?”
“That is NASA policy and it is inflexible. You are on a US government system with access to everything you need for your work and to take care of personal things within policy. Your system access beyond that is limited or prohibited. OK, your home screen has a menu that will take you to each module by name. I would like you to go to the Tarazed rendering and familiarize yourself with the functions to manipulate the module. Let’s fly inside and take a look around at what the engineers have in mind.”
“Tarazed will be 12.6 meters long and 4.5 meters in diameter externally and eleven by four meters on the interior. The interior volume is 138 cubic meters. That’s large, especially compared to the only nine cubic meters of habitable volume in the Rigel capsule. But of the 138 cubic meters, we have to accommodate our initial ten metric tons of consumables and all of the interior modules that we need to live and work.”
“Abby and Paul, you’re scheduled for a plant visit to Orbit Tech next week, June 27-30, to discuss the Tarazed Hab Module design. As an agreed condition of them getting the construction contract, we pushed the envelope of their Albireo design and construction process. The existing enhanced Albireo design is 3.1 meters in diameter. We pushed for the Tarazed to be 4.5 meters in diameter—similar to an ISS module. The existing Albireo enhanced module is 6.3 meters long. We pushed for Tarazed to be twice that or 12.6 meters long. Most importantly, they agreed to construct the hull sandwiched with shielding materials like the Rigel using tantalum, tin, zirconium, aluminum, and polyethylene in the twenty centimeter thick hull. You will be there to confirm those specs and get their hull construction timeline. The interior design modifications we are proposing will need to be introduced to Orbital and vetted.”
Ellie was the first one to get the hang of the software and enter her 3D Altair rendering. “Wow. It does look real—like I’m really inside it. What I can’t understand is that everything seems oriented to gravity with the floor down and all the cabinets and workstations on the wall just like a lab on Earth.”
Coby replied, “A few of the ISS modules are designed that way. As you know, other ISS modules are truly for ease in microgravity with no designated floor. All wall space has utility. So, I suggest we render the hab down to bare bones and build it back up with the selectable 3D modules. This is like an interior designer using CAD software to design and 3D render a kitchen remodel. On your workstation, select the HAB INTERIOR MODULES tab. We have the key components we need to deal with before we add the minutia: consumables storage, work areas, sleep quarters, galley, life support, recreation, exercise station, computer and data storage, and communications station.
“We also have the stripped out hab on a big printout so we can draw and annotate on it. Where do you think we should start?”
Olga spoke up. “We should start with consumables and waste storage since we can’t live without it, it takes up volume, needs to be stored and accessed efficiently.”
Coby agreed. “Albireo designers are with you on that and I believe they do have a good initial plan. Tap the consumables storage option. It packs the stores just as on a Albireo ISS resupply ship. They divide the area into storage bays with racks to hold individual hard sealed storage boxes stacked three deep.”
Tracy, who had worked more with Phoenix supply ships, had this observation, “I prefer the way the Phoenix resupply ships pack cargo. The racks are labeled and segregated by content category. The racks and compartment doors are a lightweight honeycomb carbon-aluminum construction designed for efficient packing of a variety of standard-size NASA cargo bags. The bags are made of Nomax, a fire proof, Kevlar-like fabric. Those cargo bags fold flat and take up little space unlike those Albireo hard cases. The Phoenix has freezers as well. Can you imagine having real turkey on Christmas a hundred million miles from Earth?”
Bob Trask finally spoke. “If you care, I’ve worked with both Albireo and Phoenix. The Phoenix system is more compact and efficient. For a given volume of space, the Phoenix packs twice the mass of consumables.”
“OK. Let’s work with the Phoenix storage system and figure how much interior volume is needed for our ten metric tons of cargo.”
“I’m way ahead of you on that. It will take 36 cubic meters of volume for ten metric tons but you will have to provide an access tunnel to get to all of the lockers. We’ll need to carve out 3.5 meters of hab module length with an access tunnel 1.5 meters wide,” Bob added smugly.
“There’s a sobering reality. The stores will take up 3.5 meters of the 11-meter interior hab module length. We have 7.5 meters length left to design our living and working space. That still represents about a hundred cubic meters of volume. Let’s work it.”
Abby weighed in. “We have to make space do double duty where possible. The supply area access tunnel will serve a vital additional purpose as a solar storm shelter. The layers of food cargo with all the hydrogen in organic molecules are an ideal radiation shield. Our four person crew can hunker down in the tunnel for as long as a storm lasts.”
“What hab module do you think should go forward of the storage bay?”
“I’ve given some thought to the sleep modules,” Tracy said. “Like on ISS, each of the crew should have private bunk space. Yet, like on ISS we can hang a sleeping bag just about anywhere from the Rigel to the Libertas to the Tarazed. But, to maximize Tarazed space and to get the sleep modules farthest from the activity areas, I think they should be just forward of the storage bays. I favor a half torus one meter deep and two meters long to be divided into four sections. Look at what I’ve mocked up. Each sleep cube then is actually a wedge from just under a meter wide at the interior access to about 1.5 meters wide at the outside. That’s plenty large enough for a crew person and whatever or whoever they care to have in their private space.” That comment touched that invisible line that had been on their minds. “Polyethylene foam should line and separate the modules for radiation shielding and soundproofing. There should be computer and com ports and personal storage boxes in the headspace. Ventilation should provide complete flow through cabin air exchange once per minute.”
“I like that arrangement, Coby said. “On ISS in the Harmony node, the sleeping modules are slotted in perpendicular to the hull each ninety degrees to the next. It works great but the space between the modules is less accessible. Your torus wedges parallel to the hull are very space efficient. What about the area opposite the sleeping modules?”
Olga Sadoski had an idea. “The sleeping cubes work for me. This area of personal space should not be flanked by too much noisy crew activity. The all-important life support system takes space and could fit here. It is at most a generator of white noise.”
Abby saw life support as her purview. “The closed system life support developed for ISS is being made more efficient, compact, and much lower mass for this long duration deep space mission. It would also be natural to have the crew hygiene bay placed here. Bathing, urinating, and defecation in zero-g will never be elegant but our systems on ISS will serve us well in this space. The remaining area of this torus can be devoted to dry stores. That would be science and technical equipment and more importantly consumables retrieved from the storage bay and organized for immediate use in the galley, which should be located in the next torus. You should all have an interest in the galley as a focal place for shared meals and casual conversation about anything—food, family, the latest football game, home, or the future we are making together as a crew.”
Coby let them know that their mission would not be consumed with one hundred percent of their waking time dictated by Mission Control checklists and tasks. “We will have only an eight-hour work day schedule from Houston, but the rest of your wake time is yours to be creative.”
“On the torus opposite the galley, we could install our workstations, computer interfaces, research and entertainment centers, mainframe memory, and communications hub,” said Ellie. “This is where we depart from ISS for life in deep space. Consider the communications time delay to Houston.
“Two-way light speed time delay will be up to thirty minutes. This is hardly conducive to conversation. Aside from mission communications, it is important, psychologically, for astronauts in space to communicate with their friends and family. The crew will get Earth communication as digital file transmissions—text, voice, and video. Even though they will be more independent than any previous crew, Earth communication will be vital. They must have electronic spares for key system nodes. They propose that the mainframe be an intranet with a huge digital database of technical data and general knowledge duplicated from Earth’s internet. This should include a vast store of entertainment files that can be accessed spontaneously. Consider that digital storage media has become tremendously more compact. They could have not just terabytes, but petabytes of data storage. The potential is vast. For example, a thousand two-hour HD movies take about five terabytes. Another ten terabytes could hold knowledge stores as large as the entire Library of Congress. Imagine the nearly limitless variety and depth of music files they could have. This is not to say that they would have to have every conceivable bit of data stored on launch. They will have the upgraded bandwidth of the deep space network for data transfer at perhaps 600 megabits per second.
“They expect a greatly updated computer environment and operating system from what we have on ISS. On ISS, laptops used by the astronauts and the Command and Data Handling, CDH, system that controls all major functions in the US modules have Linux based operating systems. The CDH system uses Multiplexer/DeMultiplexers that mainly routes the data to and from other systems in the ISS. The Altair system will not have to control nearly as much equipment but the mainframe aspect of it will control life support, data systems, and communications. They will use state-of-the-art laptops to interface with Altair intranet. They find it preferable to have a tablet around at all times. Tablets can be Velcro fastened to any surface. Beyond basic mission needs, the system should be a form of recreation, encourage creativity, and facilitate research as a way to exercise their minds. An artificial intelligence voice interface system like Siri or Google Voice will be used to command complex tasks. The voice interface should be intuitive and easy to-use.”
When the discussion hit that point Vik bit on it, “Open the pod bay doors, HAL.”
“You forgot to say please!” Tracy backed in. “We actually will have limited AI computer control of life support and nav. Manual override protocols will be easy to engage if necessary without having to pull HAL’s heuristic modules. Besides, the computers will be redundant and any likely failure point will have spares we can install as needed.”
“That leaves the forward torus section to discuss.”
Abby saw the opportunity to get to the priorities that she could influence with her expertise. “The forward torus will accommodate the medical and exercise bays. Medical will need some serious consideration since our potential needs a hundred million kilometers from Earth can only be met with what we have stored in medical in Tarazed. The size of the bay and the weight of supplies will make planning a challenge. We will be consulting with other NASA flight surgeons for finalizing the design. Meanwhile, the exercise bay will be as far forward in the hab as it can be so as not to disturb sleepers. The exercise equipment on ISS has proven to slow many of the deleterious effects of long duration microgravity. The latest research has hinted at improvements that we can make on the equipment (TVIS, the vibration isolation treadmill, CEVIS, the vibration isolation ergonomic cycle, and RED, the Resistance Exercise Device). First among the improvements will be to make them not so boring. Imagine an amazing regimen of scenes and scenarios on the wireless Oculus Rift VR system that can take you jogging and biking almost anywhere on Earth.”
Coby brought the group in closer. “The remaining area near the hatch to the Libertas docking module will be reserved for the four EMU/PLSS suits, one for each crew member. There is one loose end we haven’t discussed: the Albireo module is conspicuously without windows. There are several windows throughout the ISS, including the Lab Nadir window, the seven windows in the Cupola, thirteen windows in the Russian Service Module, two in the Russian docking module, and the window in the Japanese Kibo module. The US and Russian segments both have windows in sleeping compartments.”
Vik looked thoughtful. “I have grown very fond of having those views of Earth, of views of ISS from many vantage points, and views of the heavens in awesome splendor. I would request windows in our sleep cubes, in the galley, in the workstation compartment, and the exercise bay.”
Abby has concerns. “Since Albireo is starting from a base of zero windows as a supply ship design, considering the weight of the windows and flanges, and the added radiation flux, we should be more conservative here. In order to appreciate the beauty and get science benefit from a window, it needs to be in a place that can be dark isolated. The Libertas module will have a removable window in one of its docking ports. This and the windows in the Rigel capsule will be darker areas making the best placement for outside views. In addition to that, we should have external cameras on many Altair vantage points that can be selected, panned, and zoomed. The HD feed would be delivered to screens in the sleep cubes, workstation bay, exercise bay, and our personal tablets or laptops.”
“OK, crew, we can’t solve everything in one session. Let’s capture these ideas and work on any other areas of concern. It’s your choice of working on the computer 3D version or on old fashioned paper and pencil over on the printouts…”
The Great NASA Redfish Tournament
Salty Dog Fishing Guide Service
Galveston, Texas
June 25, 2017 10:00 AM CDT

Working with the modest spending account Flight Operations Director Ben Kirk had provided for team building occasions, Coby had signed out a NASA van and picked up the Aquila prime and backup crew at their JSC dorm facilities at 8:30 and drove to Kemah for a late breakfast. It was a bright, clear Texas morning. A few cumulus clouds were forming in the humidity as they drove into Galveston to the docks of the Salty Dog Fishing Guide Service. None other than Captain Sonny Fuentes greeted them. He was a sun-dried, bearded, affable man in his mid-sixties.
“Greetings, I’m Captain Sonny. It’s been a while since I’ve had a bunch of space boys out for some fishin’. Glad to have you aboard the Salty Dog. Careful with that step down. This here’s my mate Jake.”
“Howdy. Welcome aboard!” Jake gave a hand to each as they stepped down onto the deck.
“Jake and I will take good care of you and show you some of the best fishin’ in Texas. Make yourselves at home in the cabin. The head’s down below. Nothin’ goes in it that you didn’t eat or drink. You can make coffee or espresso with this Nespresso machine. The big cooler here has water, soda, and beer. Help yourselves. No worries, but life jackets are in the locker next to the cooler.”
Captain Sonny fires up the twin engines. “The Salty Dog only draws eighteen inches so we can get into some of the best redfish flats. East Galveston Bay is packed with large redfish and specks or seatrout. The best places to fish are the bay’s many flats and oyster reefs. Today, depending on the luck and tide, we could fish the best spots like West Bolivar Flats, Cow Shed Reef, Fat Rat Flats, Hanna’s Reef, Pepper Grove Reef, and Northwest Flats. So if y’all are ready, we’ll get underway. Jake, cast off the lines!”
With the engines at a low rumble, the Salty Dog backed out of the slip then idled out into the channel. There was a slight breeze from the east, sweeping the diesel exhaust astern. Seagulls and a few brown pelicans were silhouetted against the cumulus clouds that were slowly building. It promised to be a relaxing day on the water. They entered the Intracoastal Waterway and throttled up, heading northeast toward East Bay. Coby and Ellie coaxed cappuccinos out of the Nespresso Machine. Coby felt a chemistry growing between them. The others went for water and soda from the cooler. There was animated conversation and the crews seemed to naturally segregate for the moment.
Bob Trask was becoming a spoiler. “I hate the ocean. I think this whole idea of Brewster bringing us out here for teambuilding is lame. Why would our second rate backup crew want to socialize with prime?”
Tracy Dixon was appalled. “Bob, you should be honored and eager to have landed a backup slot. If you ever hope to step into prime with the reasonable likelihood that they will stumble, you should keep that crap to yourself. I worked hard to be here and I know I will get a deep space prime slot in the future.” She stepped away from Trask and joined Olga and Paul on the stern deck.
Prime crew was gathered in the open cabin while Tracy, Olga, and Paul were enjoying sunshine sitting in the four fighting chairs along the stern gunwale. Coby opened, “We needed this getaway. We’ve been grinding away on preliminary mission design without slowing down to get know one another. There’s no better way to get away from JSC than to get out on the water. I got the fishing boat recommendation from Ben Kirk. God, that Captain Sonny is a character!” This is the first opportunity that the prime crew has to let their professional guard down and get to know each other as real people.[42]
Vik reminisced, “My father and uncle used to take me sturgeon fishing every summer off Turkmenbashi in the Caspian. My uncle’s boat was not so large and lavish as this but it got us to their secret fishing spots…”
Ellie somewhat reluctantly volunteered her fish story… “Out of the gloom, a shadow grows into a huge shape like another submarine. As it passes, we recognize it as the deep-water six-gill shark larger than Coby’s fish, larger than any Great White on record.”
Coby commented and looked sincerely in Ellie’s eyes, “More fish points, Ellie! You may be quiet, but when you get going, you tell some whoppers! You did top my Great White.” He feels some warmth growing between his crew members. He couldn’t ignore his attraction to Ellie. The next years will be hard work. The team bonding begins here. But do the professional lines also begin to blur?
The Salty Dog throttles back and Jake announces that they have arrived at their first fishing spot, Hanna’s Reef. They set up for trolling four lines with mullet. Jake explains, “Trolling covers water fast and is a good way to find redfish. Trolled natural baits are best.”
The Aquila backup crew, except for Trask, had been enjoying the rear deck and sharing their own fish tales. They get the first trolling runs. In ten minutes, Olga hooks a big fish and lands it after a five-minute struggle. It’s a twenty pound redfish. They decide to catch and release. No more action here so they move on to Fat Rat Flats. It’s prime crew’s chance at the fighting chairs. Vik hooks a twenty-two pound bull red after about a half hour of trolling. Again, they release the fish. Then backup crew was up on Pepper Grove Reef. Tracy hooks a big one but it breaks free before they land it. Paul hooks a big one and fights it for forty-five minutes. They get the big fish to the boat and Jake snatches it up in the net. It’s a thirty-five pound bull red. Jake offers to clean it. “Let’s keep this one and I’ll cook you the best blackened redfish dinner you’ve ever had.”
They decide to pull their lines and head back to port. Coby announced, “Paul wins the great NASA redfish tournament and Ellie wins for the biggest fish story.” They enjoyed a beautiful Galveston sunset on glass calm water with cold beers. Back at the marina, as promised, Jake cooked the large redfish perfectly. The blackened redfish would make Paul Prudhomme proud. They savored it with cold Corona. For desert, Vik brought out a bottle of Stoli. Coby was the designated driver and so skipped the Corona and vodka this time. He was very satisfied with the way the fishing trip had gone except for the sullen, withdrawn act that Bob Trask had carried through the day.
Taking Aquila to the Contractors
Orbit Tech
Dulles, Virginia
June 27, 2017 9:00 AM EDT
Paul Earhardt piloted a T-38 with Abby Denton as a passenger and landed at General

Aviation, Dulles International Airport. A gray sedan and driver with the Orbit Tech logo was there outside the terminal to meet them. Their purpose for this plant visit was to oversee the Tarazed hab module and the Deneb and Vega resupply cargo module design and construction. They were driven the short distance to the Orbital office. Two men in casual business attire met them in the lobby.
“Hello, I’m Frank Cooperson, Chief Engineer, Space Systems Group.”
“I’m Bob Granger, Chief Albireo Engineer. I met Commander Brewster at the Goddard meeting and it’s a pleasure to meet more of the Aquila crew.”
“We’re pleased to meet you, Bob and Frank. I’m Abby Denton and this is Paul Earhardt.”
“Let’s go upstairs to the conference room we have reserved,” Frank directed.
They followed. Abby had a tube under her arm protecting rolled Tarazed module printouts. Paul had a thumb drive with 3D digital files of their hab module design change preferences.
A person was already seated in the conference room when they entered. Frank introduced him. “This is Paolo Russo, Lead Engineer of Thorson Atlas Space from Turin, Italy. You know Thorson Atlas from construction of the ISS Harmony and Tranquility nodes. They will be consulting on the interior hab modules of the Tarazed. Paolo, this is Abby Denton and Paul Earhardt representing the Aquila crew.” They all shook hands. “Please, everyone, be seated.”
Frank Cooperson began: “Orbit Tech is honored to have been chosen to be such an important part of the Aquila Mission, the prime contractor for the Tarazed Hab module and for the Deneb and Vega resupply modules and their respective service modules. You have specified the Tarazed module to be 4.5 meters in diameter, forty-five percent larger than Albireo. You have specified for Tarazed to be twice the length of Albireo at 12.6 meters long. Radiation shielding is of paramount concern on a long duration deep space mission. You have specified for us to construct the hull sandwiched with shielding materials in a twenty-centimeter thick hull. We are able to comply with these requests but have huge concerns about these big design changes for a costly one-off mission. With our advanced hull metal rolling equipment and friction welding techniques, we can scale Albireo design fit for purpose so long as there is a booster to get it into orbit. Later today, we will take you out to see the construction floor and what we will have to do to upscale for Tarazed. The modules for Deneb and Vega are just length changes from Albireo and present no undo challenge. The service module for Tarazed is also a huge challenge, since it is a radical upgrade from Albireo. We have begun to work with Marshall on developing life support systems and reserves in the service module. Our original interior hab design was developed with the latest ergonomic study recommendations. Keeping our original hab design might give us a shot at making your aggressive schedule.”
Abby responded to Orbit Tech concerns: “The scale of the design and construction was addressed in the ATK’s selection and contract. The success of this mission will likely bring orders for modules for future deep space missions. This could entail being part of the cislunar infrastructure, Mars orbiting habs, and the Mars cycler supporting Mars crew landings and ultimately colonization. Aquila is just the beginning. Keeping to our schedule is paramount. Our launch window is narrow. There is bonus structure in the contract for exceeding schedule checkpoints.
“Nothing about Aquila will be easy. We did work with your preliminary hab design. The interior of Tarazed was considered to be a blank slate from which the Aquila crew draws up recommendations. All of the prime and backup crew have extensive experience on ISS. The Harmony and Tranquility nodes built by Thorson Atlas are excellent designs for ISS. Aquila needs to do more with less space. The crew of Aquila will be spending more than a year in the Tarazed module. It must be more than a place of enduring the long voyage. Tarazed will be the home where the crew will work, eat, do science, study, exercise, find recreation, and sleep. Most modules on ISS have evolved into an annoying, ad hoc morass of wires and ductwork. Tarazed must be designed to make the hab space efficient, practical, and pleasantly livable.”
Paolo Russo: “Thorson Atlas is very experienced at hab design and construction and understands the crew’s concern about getting the design right for such a long mission. Technology has improved since the construction of Harmony and Tranquility so we can take advantage of that for savings of mass and improving functionality of systems.”
Frank Cooperson: “Let’s study the Aquila crew recommendations and get to work. After lunch we will take you out to see the construction floor and progress on Tarazed. Tomorrow, we’ll look at the Deneb and Vega resupply cargo modules. We’ll then develop a schedule to bring in more engineers and work out details…”

United Rocket
Engelwood, Colorado
June 27, 2017 9:00 AM MDT

Coby Brewster landed his T-38 at Engelwood General Aviation Airport in Colorado with Ellie Accardi as his passenger. A driver in a silver van with the United Rocket logo was waiting for them outside of the terminal. They had several aspects of the Aquila Mission to discuss. Coby’s main emphasis for design and construction with United Rocket would be SRS/Rigel and the cryo-stage boosters that they would be vital in deep space. Ellie was here to oversee the design and construction of the MMU for Bennu sampling and the Wallaby ROV probe for 125P comet sampling.
The driver courteously opened the doors for Ellie and then Coby at the United Rocket Galileo Operations Center. A receptionist greeted them in the lobby and led them down the corridor to the main conference room. She handed them each an agenda sheet headed with the United Rocket logo and names of attendees:

United Rocket
DESIGN CONFERENCE—AQUILA MISSION—

United Rocket Chief Engineer Lee Adams; Lincoln Main Chief Engineers Jerry Thomson and Nick Teng; JPL Chief Engineer Adam Seizer; Thorson Atlas Space, Cannes, France, Lead Engineer Jean-Luc Mathieu; Altius Space Machines, Louisville, Colorado, Chief Engineer John Graff; Aquila Mission Crew Commander Jacob Brewster and Captain Rafaela Accardi.
United Rocket, with principals Lincoln Main and Bering, had been fighting for SRS relevance with the competition from SpaceTrans reusable launch system’s much lower cost. United Rocket had been fighting for SRS relevance with NASA’s slow, conservative return to human space flight, and lack of a clearly defined mission to use the very expensive heavy lift vehicle. Aquila was the perfect mission to prove the relevance of SRS with the big payload of the final components of the Altair deep space vehicle.
After greetings and informal introductions of the attendees, Lee Adams opened the week’s agenda: “United Rocket stands dedicated to the Aquila Mission with a long history of success in aviation since World War Two, and space industry, most notably Apollo. Through its heritage, United Rocket is uniquely qualified to make the Rigel capsule and its life support system the crew launch and reentry vehicle for Aquila. It is considered by Mission principals that SpaceTrans is playing catch up relative to United Rocket for human space flight and life support at this stage of Aquila planning. Rigel is the right choice for the right mission. The Rigel, its service module, and the fully fueled OOS-2 cryo-stage that will propel Altair to deep space could be lifted by no other heavy-lift system than SRS.
The Rigel, SRS, the OOS-1 and 2 cryo-stages, and Deneb and Vega resupply cryo-stage technical details were discussed at length. United Rocket was in good stead to manufacture the components and the cryo-tank size variations for each required system.
The Case for Sample Return
Ellie raised the question of asteroid and comet sample return logistics: “The Rigel capsule will be the only system component that will return intact with crew and cargo through Earth atmospheric reentry. That cargo of asteroid and comet samples will be the most precious cargo since the lunar samples returned from Apollo and perhaps even more scientifically significant. These will be the primary samples. However, secondary are proposed to be stored in Tarazed. As with Apollo, sample isolation will be paramount for the remote possibility of Earth biological contamination but also for the irreparable scientific compromise that could happen to the samples from contamination from Earth biology. It is proposed to use Sample Return Containers or SRCs based on the Apollo ALSRC Lunar Sample Return container design. That will be ideal for dimension, mass, and material: 20 x 48 x 30 centimeters and 6.7 kilograms mass. The cases were made of 7075 AA aluminum with 2024 aluminum alloy mesh lining. The cases are sealed and airtight. Each Apollo lunar landing mission returned with two of these sample containers in the Apollo capsule lower equipment bay.[43]
“It is proposed that Rigel be redesigned to use some space isolated from the crew for sample cases from Bennu and 125P without sacrificing crew compartment volume of nine cubic meters. This space is the Sample Isolation Compartment, SIC, with a half cubic meter volume. To maintain isolation, it should be accessed from outside on EVA. It can hold eight vacuum-sealed Sample Return Containers, SRCs, securely locked and attached in the SIC to withstand reentry g-forces and vibration. In addition Aquila requires eight equally secure vacuum sealed core sample containers, 5 by 50 centimeters, with storage space allotted in the SIC. The SIC will be in space vacuum maintained through reentry.”
Nick Teng of Lincoln Main: “Redesign of the tightly packed area of the Rigel capsule below the crew compartment is not possible since all the equipment in that space are critical Rigel support systems. The half cubic meter SIC will have to be moved into the nine cubic meter crew compartment volume. This still gives the crew a per person capsule volume much larger than Apollo. As for crew contamination, the vacuum sealed SRC will be designed to be even more secure than Apollo.
“Coby and Ellie note concerns about the SIC being included on the interior of Rigel. If the seal integrity is breached, inward contamination of the Rigel could jeopardize the crew. The crew can accept this design only if these concerns are addressed.”
The Case for Tarazed Return
Ellie brought up a proposal to accommodate secondary samples: “The primary samples are stored on SIC Prime in Rigel for return to Earth with the crew. Secondary contingency samples are proposed to be stored in a second SIC in the aft of the habitat module. The Tarazed hab and primary maneuvering cryo-stage OOS-2 engine are currently planned to be jettisoned into a solar orbit. Both could be saved for future use if Tarazed is mated with OOS-2 when the Rigel crew capsule separates from OOS-2 on the final Earth return leg. Their orbit momentum will carry them in a loop around the Sun. Eventually, Tarazed could be remotely maneuvered with the remaining OOS-2 propellant to park at L2 for later use and retrieval of the contingency samples if God forbid they are needed.”
Nick Teng of Lincoln Main: “Tarazed and OOS-2 maneuvered to L2 could then be part of a future cislunar Deep Space Gateway and propellant depot. The OOS-2 adapter is the same diameter as the Tarazed Albireo service module on the aft end. OOS-2 docking could be facilitated with docking latches and sensors on the service module. The crew or the AI onboard Tarazed could control the docking sequence on the final leg of Earth approach. The Rigel Service Module performs the final Earth return maneuver sequence for Rigel. Tarazed would then be turned over to Mission Control to make the orbit maneuvers to bring it back to L2.”
Deep Space MMU Design / Deep Space Wallaby ROV Design
Jean-Luc Mathieu of Thorson Atlas Space took the lead on the discussion of the MMU and ROV design: “Thorson Atlas was the lead contractor on the Rosetta Comet Mission and to date that was ESA’s most ambitious robotic probe design. As at comet 67P for Rosetta, during the Aquila comet exploration phase, comet 125P will be at perihelion, its closest point to the Sun near Mars orbit. It is paramount to explore the comet remotely since it is expected to be outgassing dust and debris when the mission is on station about 100 kilometers safely away from the comet.
“We are evaluating the deep space MMU design concept and instrumentation. We have been involved with the Asteroid Retrieval Mission (ARM) probe design. We find little merit to modify the ARM probe as an ROV for the comet science phase of the Aquila Mission. Since both the asteroid and the comet basically involve the same science objectives, our proposal is to make the science and sampling instruments of both the MMU and ROV identical. The only difference is the control and astronaut harness interface provided for the MMU will not be needed on the ROV. Also, the ROV will provide for fuel to maneuver up to 200 kilometers from Altair. The AI control for the MMU can be adapted to be a remote control interface for the ROV.
“We have engineered an adaptation for doing geologic sampling in the very low gravity environment of both bodies using the MMU or ROV. The failure of the Philae lander was the low gravity and failure of the harpoon system to latch into the comet. Without being securely fastened to the surface of the asteroid or comet, the probes cannot do any surface science without accidentally launching back into space. Any touch or force applied to the surface would be enough to propel the probe to escape velocity in the weak gravity.
“The new design adaptation is called a monopod. It is an articulated leg with a round foot pod 30 centimeters in diameter. The pod has six pairs of landing harpoons or pitons, each pair opposed at 180 degrees on the pod. The MMU or ROV would be human controlled on descent to a perfectly slow contact for the pitons to be set as a pyrotechnic fastener and then torqued down to make firm base of operations for sampling. The monopod also will have four geologic drill core assemblies to drill surface cores 3 by 45 centimeters to fit the vacuum-sealed core containers. The drill is at the secure monopod surface interface where drill torque would be best controlled. Each landing sequence uses two pitons, which are pyrotechnically released when the MMU astronaut pilot wants to move on to a new location. Each EVA could land six times with each landing using one of the six pairs of pitons. The cores could be drilled at four locations per EVA. The monopod foot and core assemblies would be changed out for a new set at the end of the EVA upon returning to the Libertas module. In addition to the remote human control interface, the ROV will have a sophisticated AI designed for fine motor control of these operations.”
Ellie asks, “I can see that you have addressed the drilling torque issue but what about stuck core tubes? That was a huge issue on Apollo. It would be a bad day if the monopod was stuck on the surface with one of us trapped with it.”
“You paint an unlikely picture but we will need to put that scenario to design review nonetheless. My off the cuff suggestion would be to have a guillotine device to sever a stuck core and a monopod disconnect if it became necessary to be a last resort to get free.”
“Then perhaps we are done with the surface sampling for the rest of the mission if the monopod is jammed.”
“We have been working with Mission Assurance Support at Marshall to get a spare monopod on the manifest.”
Coby makes a stern request. “This core system sounds too complicated. I prefer a design alternative with core operations using the instrument arm. The arm could release a stuck core, leave it planted, and move on. After you work this design proposal, we will decide between these design alternatives on the next design review. We need to get this on the right track so it doesn’t become a mission critical delay.”
Ellie adds, “The system Coby describes has an additional advantage in that it gives the operator more freedom to select where the core is taken instead of being constrained by where the monopod is set.”
Jean-Luc responds, “Your concerns and request are noted. The additional design work will take time and money. It will be a stretch to get it done by the next scheduled design review. We will send interim reports. Since the instrument arm has been brought to the table, let’s turn the discussion to the proposed MER/MSL type of instrument arm and the manipulator arm for collecting surface samples. With the MMU or ROV secured on the surface, science sampling, photography, and measurements will be as easy as with an astronaut standing on the Moon or the Curiosity parked on Mars.”
JPL Chief Engineer Adam Seizer: “Touching down and sampling the surface of asteroid Bennu and comet 125P is the Aquila Mission focus. The whole world will be watching from a camera placed on the surface like they did on Apollo. The audience needs to see an astronaut exploring another world. The first surface deployment even before pitons are fired will be a small wireless HD camera on a tripod. The crew on Tarazed will control the camera and the feed relayed to Earth to witness the MMU and Wallaby ROV landings and science work progress. Once latched down with the monopod, a mission flag and plaque can be deployed with an opportunity for a crew speech for history. To be sure, the first landing on Bennu and 125P will get huge Earth news coverage. The subsequent missions may not, with the audience saying been there, done that.
“The forward body of both the MMU and Wallaby ROV will have a high resolution camera with video. The camera will feed back to Altair and then be relayed to Earth. Also on the forward body, we will have a ChemCam laser like the one used on MSL Curiosity for getting an elemental analysis of a surface target from up to five meters away. The preliminary design specified an MER/MSL type of instrument arm. We recommend that this be modified to include only an APXS, or alpha particle X-Ray spectrometer, and a GHLI, or Geologic Hand Lens Imager. The APXS and GHLI have been extraordinarily successful on Mars for very close geologic investigation. While this arm will have fewer instruments than MSL, it will be fitted with a gecko modeled grasping mechanism for taking geologic rock samples. Altius designed the grasping mechanism. For both the MMU and the ROV, samples will be transferred directly to an onboard SRC, sample return container. The SRC and core tubes are stored in the SIC onboard Rigel at the end of the EVA and changed out for new empty ones for the next EVA.”
Coby commented, “These are reasonable changes on our original concept design. I would like to turn to an issue about the MMU EVA plan that has an overriding safety concern. We have been planning on having only one MMU and that means the EVA is solo. I propose that the MMU with the science and sampling capability be called the Primary Excursion MMU, or MMU-1. I further propose that we include a smaller MMU stripped of the science and sampling equipment to allow for emergency retrieval of a stranded astronaut on EVA. This one would be called the Emergency Retrieval MMU, or MMU-2.”
“I agree,” said Ellie. “The original idea of having to undock the Rigel for a rescue is not an acceptable emergency plan. With this additional smaller MMU, we should propose to Houston that all of our EVAs be done in tandem just as all EVAs on ISS are performed.”
“Constructing the second stripped down MMU will not be a schedule issue but we will have to work out the additional mass. Something added here will have to be accounted for in extra propellant or cutting something else…”
At the end of their productive workday, Lee Adams called a break and announced their plans for dinner in Denver at his favorite restaurant.

Embassy Suites Denver—Tech Center
Engelwood, CO
June 27, 2017 9:00 PM MDT

The United Rocket team had chosen an upscale restaurant in Denver for some of the finest dining the west had to offer. The lively conversation covered everything but space flight.
After dinner, the United Rocket van dropped off the visiting professionals at the Embassy Suites. Coby and Ellie found themselves with adjacent suites on the second floor. Their time together as colleagues made them feel more than comfortable with each other. The Aquila crew was growing closer as they shared more of their likes and dislikes, stories of family, and other intimate details as normal professional barriers softened. Coby found himself hopelessly attracted to Ellie but helpless to do anything overt about it. Her long auburn hair and green eyes were melting him. He is forty-six and she thirty-nine—still six years before the mission. Both could sense the pull of longing to explore their relationship on a more physical level but knew that this was not the time.
Ellie spoke at last, “Bona notte e sogni dóro.”
“Sogni dóro, Rafaela.” Coby kissed her on both cheeks and looked deep into her eyes. Ellie, knowing they were alone, pulled him in and kissed him passionately. Coby was completely melted but managed to say, “Goodnight, dear Ellie. We will find our time and place.”
In his room, he sat in the dark thinking of Ellen, and Elena, and Ellie. What twist of fate brought him close and closer to these three women who had come into his life with so much in common? Ellen was gone and he missed her every day. Sometimes so much that it felt like his chest was being crushed. When she was ill and knew she would be leaving him alone, Ellen had told him emphatically many times to move on and find another. At the time that had seemed inconceivable. But now, it seemed right and natural. The night with Elena not so long ago had taught him that. Ellie was so talented and well-spoken professionally. She was so charming in a casual setting. The sparkle in her eyes and the warmth of the brief good night kiss they had just shared had broken through his professional protective shell.

SpaceTrans Headquarters
Long Beach, California
June 27, 2017 9:00 AM PDT

Viktor Ivanov piloted a T-38 with Bob Trask as a passenger. Bob was quiet and sulky as he had been since being selected for the Aquila backup crew. Then Bob spoke. “Trask is taking a backseat as usual.”
Viktor didn’t know how to respond and thought about reporting this observation to Flight Operations Director Ben Kirk. He checked that, not wanting to torpedo Trask. They landed at LA Air Force Base, El Segundo, California. Outside the terminal, they met a SpaceTrans sedan driven by SpaceTrans Chief Engineer George Freeman. They drove the short distance to SpaceTrans Headquarters and walked into the ultra-modern lobby. Standing there to greet them was none other than Gerald Geary, the energetic CTO of SpaceTrans. George introduces them, “Gerald this is Viktor Ivanov and Bob Trask, astronauts from the Aquila Mission crew.”
Shaking their hands firmly, “The honor is all mine, gentlemen. SpaceTrans will one day soon be the prime crew carrier to Mars. This mission gives us the chance to prove we are ready. George will give you a plant tour to show you the Peregrine Heavy components in production for a commercial launch.”
George led them into the plant. “As we walk out toward the production floor you’ll see our open concept areas on the right with engineers at work in our casual atmosphere. Just like the days of Apollo, their average age is about twenty-eight. So, the level of enthusiasm is electric for this new era of commercial space flight and the reusable booster technology… This is the production area. Ahead on the left you can see the large rolling machine fabricating propellant tank bodies. To the right of that, the rolled tank is being friction welded…Now as we walk on, to the left you see the engine bell for a Wizard rocket engine being hot forged on a forming die. This is all state-of-the-art technology for commercial production booster assembly…
“Now, I want to show you some technology that needs to be considered for any long-duration deep space flight. We have developed the ability to 3D print titanium spare parts out of titanium dioxide powder. The demonstrator tool being printed is wrench just like the ones used on ISS EVAs. If the wrench slips its tether and goes off on its own trajectory, you can replace it or any titanium metal part you need!
“Now, how about a cup of coffee from the barista in the lobby? It’s time to go upstairs and roll up our sleeves and discuss some details for the Altair component launches and the launches of the Deneb and Vega resupply modules…

Marshall Space Flight Center
Huntsville, Alabama
June 27, 2017 9:00 AM CDT

Tracy Dixon and Olga Sadoski flew United from Houston Hobby Airport to Huntsville International Airport. They took a taxi to the Marshall Space Flight Center. NASA’s Marshall Space Flight Center is responsible for the design, construction, and testing of regenerative life support hardware for the International Space Station. The system is called the Environmental Control and Life Support System, or ECLSS. Marshall provides technical support for other systems that will provide the crew with a comfortable environment and minimize the resupply burden.
Tracy and Olga entered the lobby of Marshall and asked the receptionist for Ron Grover, Chief of the Flight Systems Integration and Test Branch. Shortly he entered the lobby and greeted them. “Hi, I’m Ron Grover. Pleased to meet ISS astronauts anytime. You’ve put our life support systems to the test. I’m doubly delighted to meet astronauts of the Aquila Mission.”
“I’m Tracy Dixon. Please to meet you, Ron.”
“I am Olga Sadoski. It’s a pleasure to be here. We will be very interested to see the ECLSS design improvements for the Altair vehicle. We are especially interested in the mass reduction and performance tests.”
“Great. Let’s go down to Lab 4B. We have a small meeting space in the lab where we are working on ECLSS. The closed system on ISS has been steadily improved. For Altair, we aim to improve the efficiency and reduce the weight by fifty percent. We have identical systems running 24/7 for reliability tests…”
Module Management assignments continued over the course of the next five years. They had annual design and construction review meetings on each mission critical system and regular plant visits. Also, they held one large annual meeting with all Aquila contractors with NASA, ESA, Roscosmos, JAXA, and CSA brass, engineers, and astronauts. There were some schedule busts but nothing that threatened the launch window until…
The Libertas Revolt
The ISS has three airlocks that can accommodate various docking, EVA, construction, and repair operations on the space station. In order of installation these are the NASA/Boeing Quest Module, the Russian MRM 2, and the JAXA Kibo Module. The NanoRacks Module was the first commercial airlock installed on ISS back in 2019. [44]
The Aquila vehicle design involves the Libertas airlock/adapter/berthing module. Libertas docks with the Rigel crew module at one end with the Tarazed habitat module at the opposite end. It requires two additional docking ports to berth Rigel or Phoenix capsules or resupply modules as needed. One port can be fitted with a crew view port for the long cruise phase of the mission. Libertas acts as an airlock and egress port for the astronauts to go EVA by sealing hatches to the Rigel and the Habitat Module. The Libertas must be stout enough to withstand stresses of orbital maneuvers while docked with Rigel and Tarazed and the design mass including operating infrastructure is limited to five metric tons. This limit is controlled by the propellant budget. Libertas must also have radiation shielding though the requirements here are less stringent than the hab module.

NASA Johnson Space Center
Jake Garn Training Facility Building 5
February 20, 2022 10:00 AM CDT
Aquila Mission Annual Contractor Meeting

Bob Trask was invited to the podium but instead approached the front table with a thick bound report from American Caisson. He slammed down the report and stated, “Aquila is dead in the water without a workable docking and airlock module. We are a little more than a year out from launch and the prime contractor, American Caisson, cannot deliver the goods. I have been overseeing their work since the beginning. I’ve been buying their promises. They have just missed their final deadline to deliver Libertas Block 2. Block 1 was overweight and did not meet strength requirements and machining tolerances. Dead in the water. Dead!” He picked up the report and slammed it back down on the table.
Operations Director Ben Kirk stood up. “Bob, that will be enough of that! Got it?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Let’s look at this from a standpoint of what we can put up next year to salvage this mission.”
Coby took the lead on this. “We have Rigel and its Service Module. We have the Tarazed hab and life support systems ahead of schedule. The cryo-stages for OOS-1 and 2, Deneb, and Vega are ready. The heavy lift boosters are on schedule. The MMUs, EVA, and science systems are ready. The only major piece in a pickle is the Libertas Module.”
“Can we launch the mission without Libertas?”
“Yes, we could use an adapter docking ring to connect Rigel directly to the Tarazed hab. With that, we have to eliminate EVA except in an emergency. That would require the EVA crew to lock into Rigel and undock from Tarazed. Rigel can be cycled to vacuum for egress but it is unthinkable to evacuate the Tarazed hab.”
Ellie quickly reacted to the threat of eliminating science EVAs. “I am firmly committed to participating in this mission and its success. Eliminating EVAs would curtail the most important science aspects of this mission. More importantly, it would diminish the public engagement in the mission since our crew would be more sightseeing than touching and sampling the face of a compelling solar system body, the Bennu carbonaceous asteroid. It’s in human nature to explore and not just look out a small porthole. We need all the public support we can muster to maintain support for this mission and momentum to landing a crew on Mars.”
Vik jumped on that. “The suggested adapter docking ring that we have does not meet the torque specs that our TBI and TEI burns will impose. The entire Aquila vehicle with Libertas is a base case design for Mars Base Camp. We need Libertas. I will not agree to launch Aquila without it. Ben, I hope you’re with me on that.”
“I do agree with Coby. It’s all or nothing on Libertas. Let’s look at what has been tried and what we can do to finish Libertas in the time we have left.”
A tall man in the second row stood up. “I’m John Sheffield of American Caisson. I assure you that we are qualified for delivering Libertas. We are embarking on some new technologies and have hit some snags. Our design specs called for the module to have more structural strength than aluminum docking modules on ISS. Those modules are basically on a static platform that only makes gentle orbit adjustments. We have to take the strain of two-g burns for Earth escape and other major orbit maneuvers. We decided to go with a titanium module. Titanium is twice as strong as aluminum but has sixty percent more mass. We have been working with titanium alloy TiAl6V4 with a 3D printing operation that has never been used on this scale. Our Block 1 module had its problems. The pressure hull is just over design weight but with the operating infrastructure of power, compressed gas, valves, and plumbing, we are two metric tons over. The worst of our problems are metallurgical defects with the printing layers.”
“Do you see any breakthroughs to get the job done?”
“It might take another year or two to work out the 3D process with the TiAl6V4 alloy.”
“You don’t have another year! Let’s table this and work it in a special session. Get a teleconference room and call in all the metallurgical powerhouses. Go global on this and work it all night long if you have to. Find a solution and let’s reconvene at ten AM tomorrow.
“Meanwhile, let’s get back with the annual report presentations from the top of the agenda.”

GNN Special Report
12:15 PM EDT

“This is GNN Space Correspondent Kate Turner. We are interrupting the scheduled broadcast to make this special announcement on the Aquila Mission scheduled for deep space launch on July nineteenth of next year with a crew of four on a mission that will last thirteen months. We have an exclusive inside report that that launch date is in jeopardy because a little known contractor has slipped its construction schedule on a critical docking and airlock module named Libertas. The diagram on your screen shows the Altair deep space vehicle. The Libertas module is highlighted in yellow. If the module delay causes even a one week delay, we will lose our launch window to reach the mission targets. There has been a huge investment in the multinational Aquila Mission program over the last six years. Jeopardy of this mission jeopardizes our schedule for landing a crew on Mars in 2023.”
“President Trane just tweeted: ‘We will launch Aquila on schedule. We must. It’s going to be a big show. A really big show!’ ”
“NASA Administrator Bill Grossmayer was unavailable for comment.”

NASA Johnson Space Center
Jake Garn Training Facility Building 5
February 21, 2022 10:00 AM CDT
Aquila Mission Annual Contractor Meeting—Special Session

Ben Kirk opens, “OK, team. You’ve had a long night to work this Libertas problem. Now we have global news reporting on it thanks to a leak from this room. I would rather have the news broken as a problem solved. What have you got for us this morning?”
Ben had relieved Bob Trask from his assignment as American Caisson liaison. Their CEO, Ted Storms, took the mic. “Indeed, we worked this all night. We collaborated by teleconference with SCI-TECH in Chicago and TEMPA in Zurich. For all the reasons we are having trouble with titanium TiAl6V4, we are going to abandon that in favor of aluminum alloy AlSi10Mg. It is lighter and just as strong. It can be printed with complex geometry and thin walls with superior hardness and strength. Heat treatment will remove 3D printing anisotropy to improve its dynamic properties. It will withstand high loads and will be ideal for the Libertas module.”
“That sounds encouraging, but what about the time frame for completing Libertas. When can it be delivered?”
“We got security clearance for TEMPAS. They have our digital model and will produce a one quarter scale body in three weeks. We will move our docking ports, power, compressed gas, valves, and plumbing infrastructure to Zurich. SCI-TECH will join us so we will have the world’s top talent in 3D metal printing processes. We think we can have the Block 2 version of Libertas completed for testing by November first, this year.”
“That sounds great, but ‘we think we can’ is not good enough. We are prepared to write a contract addendum with a bonus clause for making that November first date and an escalating penalty clause for delays past December first. We’ll have another review meeting in July. Now will you please write me a five hundred word summary on the aluminum Block 2? This time, I will do the release, but not to GNN. I’ll send it to Bill Grossmayer so he can brief President Trane with the good news.”

CHAPTER 8 Life in the Tank / Life in the Sim
“Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science.”
―Edwin Hubble

The Aquila crew took the whole week of the Fourth of July, 2017 off as a needed vacation. They each took the opportunity to visit family and friends to celebrate the traditional American Independence Day holiday with barbeques, beaches, and baseball. Ellie invited Coby to come to New York to see her sister and enjoy the city. He did want to be with Ellie. However, deep down he still felt he needed to keep their relationship professional for all outward appearances. He declined the invitation saying that occasional vacations with the crew apart are best for the dynamics of the crew. They had nearly six years of training and preparation ahead. The crew needed to be balanced and close knit.
“Ellie, there will be a time and place…”
Elena was back in the States at the International Astronautical Federation Conference in San Francisco. She called him and invited him to join her. Unbeknownst to him, Elena had an ulterior motive. He flew a T-38 to be with her the next day. The jet was courtesy of NASA and its requirement for him to keep up his flight time. The weather in San Francisco that week was uncharacteristically balmy. They took in all the tourist sights: Fisherman’s Wharf, Coit Tower, Lombard Street, riding a cable car on the Powell/Hyde Line, and Chinatown. They dined on the best seafood the city had to offer. Their favorite was eating Dungeness crab on San Francisco sourdough rolls.
Over the next two days, they rekindled the fire they had found in each other back at Goddard in Maryland. Their nights and late mornings together were filled with pent up passion. Elena was insatiable. Coby was attentive and responsive to her but he found himself with a sense of guilt. His thoughts were with Ellie. In the end, Elena was the one to remind Coby that their relationship could not be more than this. Her life was in Russia.
“Dasvedanya moy medved.”
“Dasvedanya zvezda moya.” With that, they parted once again. Elena was going to San Francisco International for her flight back to Moscow. Coby was going to Bealle Air Force Base to fly the T-38 jet back to Houston Ellington Field. He was looking forward to being back with the crew. Despite the glorious time he had just spent with Elena, Ellie and Aquila were his passion.

NASA Johnson Space Center
2101 East NASA Parkway
Houston, Texas
July 10, 2017 9:00 AM CDT

On July 10, the Aquila crew reported back to their base of operations for the next six years—the NASA Johnson Space Center in Houston. The prime and backup crews train separately. They were to begin mission planning refinement and training in earnest.
Over the next year, the crew supervised the development of mission plan manual details. While this was ongoing, the crew spent two days per week in the Rigel mockup on sims independent of the rest of the Altair Deep Space Vehicle. The Rigel/Altair configuration simulator would be ready in Q1 2018.
SRS/Rigel/OOS-2 Launch Simulation
JSC Building 5 SFMF
SRS/Rigel/OOS-2 Launch Simulation
August 1, 2017
Mission Elapsed Time -01:00:00

There was jovial locker room banter in the sim room outside the Rigel capsule as the Aquila crew got ready for Rigel Sim 002. The crew dished it out and the sim techs dished it back.
“Another tough day on the holo-deck compliments to you white-suit guys. You sure know how to ruin a beautiful day on a smooth mission.”
“You blue-suit fly boys need to learn-it-all before you can be a know-it-all. The only way you can hope to have a smooth mission is if we can think of every way Murphy can screw it up and you find a way to fix it before you get off the ground. Next week we’ll have you in your full orange flight suits with a button-up helmeted pressure sim.”
The prime crew—Coby, Vik, Abby, and Ellie—were dressed in their blue casual flight coveralls today. They gave fist bumps and were assisted into the Rigel mockup. Abby and Ellie entered first to the lower two seats. Coby as commander and Vik as pilot followed into the upper two seats below the primary instrument and control consoles. Each strapped into their seats in a back down and face up position in launch mode. Coby recognized the seat layout as similar to the Shuttle design. The instruments and controls had evolved to a 2016 look and feel. Among them, he was the only one to have flown in a Shuttle with a 1970s look and feel. The rest of the crew had only flown the small, cramped three-person Soyuz transferring to and from ISS. The Soyuz was from a 1960s design generation. It was tried and true as a reliable workhorse.
They ran through their checklists with CAPCOM Mission Control as the clock counted down. The crew was glad that they had limited their coffee intake since they weren’t wearing urine relief systems in their coveralls. This was going to be a launch sim to LEO on a rendezvous track to ISS. The clock was down to T minus one minute. Each of them felt the familiar pre-launch butterflies to a small degree even though this was a sim.
“10-9-8-main engines start-6-5-4-3-2-1-SRBs ignite. And liftoff!” The sim had realistic but muted engine roar and vibration. Coby monitored his main engine indicators. He noted a big spike in pressure in the number two and three main engines.
CAPCOM: “Rigel we have number two and three failure. Visual shows explosive launch anomaly!”
Coby responds, “CAPCOM, launch abort escape activated!” as he instinctively activates the abort T-handle. This is a last resort abort that launches the Rigel capsule at high-g acceleration up and away from a catastrophic launch failure to land with parachutes a short distance away in the ocean. “OK, Control, you got us again. I don’t need to wait for the abort command from you when we have a bomb exploding under us. That’s a bad day indeed. We would sure like to sim smoothly all the way to orbit someday!”
Trans-Bennu Injection Simulation
JSC Building 5 SFMF
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair Simulation
Trans-Bennu Injection
March 2, 2018
Mission Elapsed Time -00:01:00:00

Simulator module mockups in flight ready detail were constructed in the Space Vehicle Mockup Facility (SVMF) and the Neutral Buoyancy Lab (NBL). Today, the Aquila crew is suited up in mission orange flight suits. They are assisted into the Rigel couches in the full Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair mockup in the SVMF.
Coby and Vik are in the command seats. They run through their checklists. In this sim, the Altair has been completely assembled in a co-orbit parking station two hundred meters from the ISS. Tarazed is linked to the Libertas docking module, which in turn is linked to the Rigel, and its service module in train with the OOS-2 and OOS-1 cryo-stages. In the simulation, their gauges read the cryo-stages fully fueled for Trans-Bennu Injection (TBI) to leave Earth orbit and begin the Aquila Mission. The crew is anything but comfortable fully suited on their backs in Earth gravity. The suit cooling was good but each of them found the suit was binding in the knees and groin. Not being able to move freely was almost like being in the dentist’s chair.
“Houston, Altair, we are go on all checklist items at TBI minus 00:00:00:20 and counting.”
“Altair, Houston, we read you go for TBI… And, ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one…”
“OOS-1 ignition confirmed. We are eighty percent thrust and ready for throttle-up.”
“Altair, Houston, Roger, program throttle-up in 3-2-1. We read you 100 percent.”
“Houston, Altair, Roger, 100 percent and 300 seconds OOS-1 burn remaining before on-orbit staging…”
“OOS-2 pressure nominal and ready for staging.”
“Altair, Houston, we read you go for staging…OOS-1 shut down in three, two, one.”
“Houston, Altair, OOS-1 shut down and confirm jettison…OOS-2 ignition sequence start. Houston, ignition not confirmed! Standby—checking settings and breakers.”
“Altair, Houston, recycle cryo-booster pump and check booster ammeter.”
“Roger, cycling…Ammeter reads anomaly at 22 amps.”
“Altair, Houston, shut down OOS-2. Abort TBI and initiate free-return procedure.”
“Houston, Altair, any procedures in the back room to work with? We’re already on free-return except OOS-2 pending total shut down. Let’s work this and come up with something that can save the mission.”
“Altair, Houston, repeat, shut down OOS-2 and standby.”
“OOS-2 shut down complete and standing by.” Off transmit, Coby addresses the crew to discuss the situation on their local loop. “We all know this is a sim. There is nothing to be gained or learned on this mission abort scenario. Signs point to an electrical fault on the OOS-2 cryo-booster pump primary circuit. Vik, can’t we switch the booster to a secondary circuit?”
“Yes, but since that engine is needed to be restarted on several maneuvers and there is no remaining redundancy, I think we recommend switching to the secondary circuit to hopefully have OOS-2 for maneuvering but we have to accept the free-return abort scenario. That is my firm recommendation.”
“Ellie and Anna, do you concur?”
“Regretfully, yes.”
“Yes, I agree. I’m glad this is a sim. We live to run another one tomorrow.”
“Houston, Altair. Our ammeter reading suggests we have an electrical fault on the OOS-2 cryo-booster pump primary circuit. We recommend switching to the secondary circuit to have OOS-2 for maneuvering but that leaves no remaining redundancy. We recommend accepting the free-return abort scenario.”
“Altair, Houston, our backroom analysis concurs. End sim. You guys made the right call. We want you to come home alive and not be dead heroes.”
“It was not a hard decision to make on a sim, but given this a real mission scenario, this crew would not be so easily convinced to abort. Vik and I would work the problem harder even if it meant going EVA with a hammer.”
Vik adds, “There’s nothing I can’t fix with a clothes hanger and duct tape.”
“Roger, we’ll double up on those in your manifest. Seriously, any insurrection against Mission Control will pull your ticket for any future flights.”
“Roger that.” Coby gives Vik an eye rolling look.
Deneb Rendezvous Simulation
JSC Building 5 SFMF
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair Simulation
Deneb Resupply Module Rendezvous
May 5, 2018
Mission Elapsed Time 32:06:24:31

The mission elapsed time is one week before the asteroid Bennu rendezvous. Deneb is on station in orbit five kilometers from Bennu. The crew are preparing for the Rendezvous with Bennu Maneuver (RBM) to slow the Altair to Bennu’s orbital velocity and trim its orbit to match Bennu and be captured by its weak gravity. The crew performs the inertial platform alignment check and is final for RBM.
“Altair, Houston, you are clear to execute RBM on your program timeline.”
There is a 7.6 minute round trip light speed time delay for communications at the 0.45 AU distance from Earth to Altair. This is simulated with ten seconds of white noise in the sim.
“Houston, Altair, we are counting down now to RBM in ten seconds on the console…RBM initiated for burn nominal duration 64 seconds… Burn is smooth and all pressure readings are nominal… OOS-2 shut down on the money. We are in cruise to close with Deneb and our destiny with Bennu.”
“Altair, Houston, we read your successful burn. Our trajectory analysis has you closing per program with Deneb. Reestablish contact with Deneb and confirm.”
“Houston, Altair, we have not been able to reestablish contact with Deneb since RBM.”
“Altair, Houston, the Deep Space Network has been in five-by-five communication with Deneb since launch. No anomaly here. We have been looking at your Deneb comms anomaly. Switch to alternate frequency Ka-band at 25.5 GHz and send your handshake command.”
“Houston, Altair. We have tried X-band at 8.5 GHz and 9.0 GHz. Switching to Ka-band at 25.5 GHz for handshake command…”
Ellie Accardi is assigned additional duty as Altair comms officer. “Commander, I have five bars green signal strength from Deneb on Ka-band at 25.5 GHz. I am receiving data from the rendezvous projection. Deneb and Altair rendezvous systems are synchronized. Altair midcourse correction as scheduled 32:21:46:19 agrees with Deneb data. That will bring us to system automatic rendezvous sequence initiate at 33:09:17:48.”
“Thanks Captain Uhuru!” Coby relays the good news to Houston.
Mission Elapsed Time 33:09:17:48.
“Houston, Altair, automatic rendezvous sequence initiated.”
Communications officer Ellie Accardi monitors rendezvous data with updates to Coby’s and Vik’s consoles in Rigel. Coby is ready to take Altair to manual. Vik is ready to take Deneb to manual. As a mission sim subroutine, they had practiced manual docking dozens of times. Automatic docking routines with ISS were commonplace but always taken with caution and close monitoring for manual override contingency was always in the rendezvous script.
Deneb is planned to dock at Libertas zenith port. Zenith is defined as straight up relative to the Rigel control consoles and pilots’ window view. Approach is monitored by radar and video displays more than by direct visual from the pilots’ window.
“Deneb at 100 meters and closing at 0.5 meters per second…”
“Deneb at 50 meters and closing at 0.2 meters per second…”
“20 meters…10 meters…5 meters…4…3…2…1…contact …and capture!”
“Altair, Houston. End sim.”
Aquila Mission Asteroid Bennu EVA Simulation
JSC Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory (NBL)
Aquila Mission Asteroid Bennu EVA Simulation
July 15, 2018
EVA Elapsed Time 01:13:44

The Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory was built primarily to facilitate training of NASA astronauts preparing for the assembly of ISS. It is the largest enclosed diving facility in the United States. It accommodates mission identical replicas of space hardware where astronauts train in EVA tasks while simulating microgravity conditions. This enables mission EVA task training with the dynamics of body motion under microgravity conditions. Thrashing and trying to push against water to move about is not allowed. In space, there is nothing to push against. Flailing and moving around inefficiently can quickly lead to panic and accidents. Swim fins are used only for the support divers, not for the astronauts. Astronauts learn to use foot restraints and handholds to work and move about. The pool includes structural details in the tank floor and walls to support equipment and accommodate training movement in three dimensions.
There are two alternating teams of four divers to support a three-hour EVA simulation. This NBL sim has a full Altair vehicle mockup. The sim objectives are to work out MMU buoyancy for fresh water, practice exiting the Libertas module, practice donning Prime and Emergency MMUs.
Vik and Abby are in Libertas. “Depressurized, and ready to open the hatch and egress… Opening hatch… Attaching tether at A1 outside Libertas. Vik is egressing and then we will get on with getting strapped in and checked out on MMU-1. I have MMU readouts in my HUD display.”
Abby backed into the MMU and dug her boots into the toe holds. Vik was alongside now and assisting. “Rotating the instrument console to closed and latched. OK. Your tether is unclipped and stowed. I’m backing into MMU-2 now to join you.”
In this moment, Abby’s mind wanders… I have had one training accident too many in the NBL during ISS training. The JSC VR simulators are uncannily real. The NBL pool is not a real space EVA in many ways. Water creates drag. Space does not. If you drop a tool or important piece of equipment in space, it slowly floats away in its own orbit. In the pool, Earth’s one-g force still shows its role. That tool sinks like a rock to the bottom of the pool. The EMU spacesuit acts like a one man submarine while gravity still tugs Abby’s body inside it with more than uncomfortable side effects. Gravity crams you in the direction of down while the EMU pushes back and chafes, sometimes to the breaking point of agony. She thinks, God, how can I endure another minute of this?
But she does endure, stoically. In space, on real EVAs, Abby delighted in floating free inside the EMU suit. In the NBL, she can’t get the vision of seeing John Cochran’s EMU fill with water up to his faceplate during ISS training years ago. Her fear is compounded by thoughts of the 2013 ISS EVA incident where the helmet of ESA astronaut Luca Parmitano filled with water and nearly drowned him before the EVA was aborted. The discomfort is part of their ongoing tests of endurance.
Vik’s voice pulls her back to the present. “I’m strapped into MMU-2 and releasing my tether. Abby, are you ready to fly? Abby?”
“Roger, Vik. I’m ready to fly!”
They endure having divers make small buoyancy adjustments for each MMU to allow full six degrees of freedom for maneuvering in the pool trying to mimic deep space microgravity. Abby allows the thought that this mimics the MMU she will use to fly free to the very real face of an asteroid. Bennu has been waiting for them in space for 4.6 billion years, since the first day of the solar system. The practiced skills allow them to graduate to the upcoming Aquarius hab mission in Key Largo.
While the Aquila prime crew is packing out for Key Largo, they get some disheartening news about Bob Trask. The Aquila backup crew had been alternating with prime’s work days in the NBL pool. Halfway through an EVA simulation in the pool, Bob screamed for his support divers to get him out of the pool.
“How can I put up with this just to make Coby Brewster look good to blaze off into glory for real?”
Bob Trask is now on a two week medical leave.
The prime crew is anticipating Key Largo like a tropical vacation, getting away from JSC training facilities. Their crew dynamics have evolved as their professional trust in each other grows. Their dynamic seems to grow stronger than trust and friendship. There is an undercurrent of electricity that Abby reads as sexual tension. She feels it when Vik looks into her eyes when he’s speaking to her. Abby sees a similar evolution with Coby and Ellie.
NEEMO: NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations
Aquarius Reef Base Conch Reef
Key Largo, Florida
August 8, 2018
Aquila Mission Asteroid Bennu EVA Simulation Day 05:11:20

The Aquarius Reef Base is an underwater habitat located nine kilometers off Key Largo in the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary. It is stationed nineteen meters underwater on the deep flank of Conch Reef. Since 2001, NASA has used Aquarius for its NEEMO (NASA Extreme Environment Mission Operations) analog missions, sending crews of astronauts to simulate space exploration missions. The Aquila crew is scheduled to spend ten days working underwater and living in the Aquarius habitat. They will focus on Asteroid Bennu EVA training simulations. The NASA Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory could crudely simulate microgravity but they could not have varying degrees of loose sediment in the tank. On the outer reef, they could simulate MMU monopod setting, coring, and sample collecting.
NASA also wanted also to observe the crew working in close, stressful, confined living space. Aquarius is more confined than ISS or even the future Altair. Recordings of their underwater work and interactions in the habitat will be analyzed for stress factors. The videos have limits and do not record in the habitat hygiene area. The mission performance of each crew member was well documented on their individual stays on ISS. This NEEMO mission is the first opportunity that the psych evaluator will have to analyze the crew’s compatibility in an isolated and stressful environment. The evaluators will look for factors indicating fatigue, stress, sleeplessness, and task performance. They are also required to do a psychomotor set of tasks on a laptop each day.
The Aquarius hab operations are supported on the surface by a ten-meter diameter Life Support Buoy (LSB). The LSB supplies the Aquarius hab with an eight-centimeter diameter umbilical. This vital umbilical has hoses that supply air from LSB compressors and oxygen from storage tanks, electrical power from LSB generators, and communications lines that handle data transmission. The LSB has a communication tower that transmits to the Aquarius Shore Base in Islamorada by VHF, cell phone, and microwave relay.
This NASA Aquila Simulation Mission is also surface tended by the 115-foot research vessel, the RV Weatherford II. The RV has a crew of six and can bunk thirteen science specialists. In the case of this mission, NASA has two EVA technician supervisors and ten EVA support divers. These divers, unlike the Aquila crew, are not working at nitrogen saturation. They are limited to a maximum of 90 minutes bottom time breathing a 32 percent Nitrox[45] mix. It requires two alternating teams of four divers to support a three-hour EVA simulation. Their first task was to help work out MMU buoyancy trim for seawater. Since seawater is denser than the freshwater NBL, they would be adding lead weights to trim the astronaut/MMU buoyancy.
Aquarius EVAs
Exiting the Aquarius hab for EVA was simpler than going through the Libertas airlock. The Aquarius is kept at ambient pressure to the depth of water outside. Their exit was through a large open portal in the bottom of the hab just like stepping into a swimming pool. The air pressure in Aquarius kept the water at equal pressure from coming up farther than the portal well. The portal is quaintly called the moon pool.
The Aquila crew enjoyed three types of EVA activities from the Aquarius hab. The first was the simplest. In diver pairs, they would don normal scuba gear with the usual facemask, air regulator, buoyancy compensator, air pressure gauge, and dive computer console. The console kept track of their nitrogen absorption, especially since they were nitrogen saturated at just over two atmospheres of pressure. They could not ascend to the surface directly or risk having nitrogen bubbles form in their blood and tissues. This is a dangerous condition that divers call the bends. At a minimum, it causes itching and painful joints. At worst, it can cause paralysis from stroke-like blocked blood vessels, unconsciousness, and death. They would decompress to desaturate the excess nitrogen slowly at the end of the Aquarius mission. To exit Aquarius, the dive pair equalizes pressure in the dive chamber with ambient pressure at their depth, opens the bottom hatch, and swim out.
Scuba diving from the hab was pure joy in just seeing the beautiful reef. But most of all, they enjoyed interacting with the fish that had become local pets for the visiting dive crews. The secret to getting the fish to be so friendly was to bring out some dinner scraps tucked away in a sock until you wanted to give out a morsel.[46] Mo, the big green moray, lived in a pile of coral rubble right below the Aquarius. He would be the first to join them when they exited the hab. Mo was two meters long and thirty centimeters in diameter. He liked to be petted and even held, knowing that he would get the bait reward. He was very soft since he had no scales.
Fred, the black grouper, was about eighty centimeters long and weighed about thirty kilos. He was not pure black as the name implied. He had mottled spots that could lighten or darken depending on his mood. He would soon show up when he heard the divers lock out. Fred had an insatiable appetite. You had to be cautious when feeding any of these pets since they might take your hand in when gulping at the bait. Fred was the worst since his gulp was like a vacuum implosion to suck in the offered food. Fred also would hold still to be petted and held gently.
Gerty, the yellow jack, was about as large as Fred but sleek and silvery yellow. The yellow jacks are pelagic predators but Gerty had taken up residence on the deep reef to be near Aquarius divers. She was a nearly constant companion and while not greedy, she relished the food handouts. Eagle rays with two-meter wingspan and three meters long, including the whip-like tail would glide the reef wall below Aquarius. Once, a giant manta with a four-meter wing span glided in toward them and did a slow barrel roll to show off its gracefulness. The Aquila crew would not have these gentle fish friends on their long space mission but knew that the stark beauty of space, the Milky Way, the solar system, and the thrill of exploration would more than compensate.
The second type of Aquarius EVA activity involved being in an EVA space helmet and donning an MMU with UW/PLSS backpack for self-contained Nitrox breathing and carbon dioxide scrubbing. Nitrox allows divers to spend more time at moderate depths with less nitrogen uptake since the mix has a higher oxygen percentage than air. They cannot breathe pure oxygen since it becomes toxic at the two atmospheres pressure at the Aquarius hab. The MMU with UW/PLSS was enhanced with very maneuverable propulsion propellers that mimic the same propulsion degrees of freedom of the MMU.
The third type of EVA activity was their main reason for being at the Aquarius hab instead of just doing a sim at the NBL. This EVA involved a mission realistic version of the Primary Excursion MMU (MMU-1) that would be used to explore and sample asteroid Bennu. The monopod setting and coring procedures for the Primary Excursion MMU were tested. The crew came away with the recommendation that setting the monopod with pitons was only viable in firm sediment. The sediment firmness could be judged by probing the bottom with the sampling/grasping arm. The underwater unit was not kitted with the ChemCam laser, APXS alpha proton X-Ray spectrometer, or GHLI Geologic Hand Lens Imager.
Abby feels one step closer to the actual EVAs they will perform exploring Bennu. The discomfort of the EMU suit does not seem so dominate her thoughts here as it does in the NBL tank.

Aquarius Reef Base Conch Reef
Key Largo, Florida
August 11, 2018
Aquila Mission Asteroid Bennu EVA Simulation Day 08:21:34

The day’s EVA’s were complete. The crew was enjoying being as dry as a 98% humidity environment could afford. Their skin seemed to be perpetually wrinkled and grossly shedding. Abby had cooked dinner. Vik and Coby were cleaning up and putting away dishes. Ellie was finishing her EVA notes for transmission to base.
Abby commented, “This has been a good vacation from the NBL but I’m really looking forward to some AC and skin therapy.”
Coby replied, “I have something in mind for the few days leave we have earned.”
Vik is looking at a text. “Base reports that there is a big thunderstorm on top of us. Look at the water in the moon pool. It’s pulsing up and down with the surface wave oscillations. I can feel it in my ears. It’s like Aquarius is breathing.”
“That’s creepy.”
Just then the lights went out. Ellie gasped and stifled a scream. “What was that? Base said that power failures down here have happened but they promised not to add that twist to our sim list.”
Coby said, “Yet here we are in the dark. The comms panel is dark so we are, for the moment, cut off. There is some bioluminescence light coming in from the portals and the moon pool. Let’s find flashlights in the emergency locker.”
“I’m ahead of you on that. Here is a headlamp LED for each of us.”
Ellie was calmer now. “OK, we have some light. We have our wits. Do we have enough air to last until we can get the power back? There is supposed to be automatic power backup down here.”
Vik is their trusted go-to guy for electrical problems. “The backup main power did not come on automatically. It must be shorted out or not set properly. I advise we don’t go fiddling with it until we get some daylight in here. One false move with a tool could cause more than a nasty shock, especially with our damp skin. I would recommend waiting until morning to trouble shoot it. We have plenty of air to breath in here without the umbilical supply. The issue is scrubbing CO2. That will accumulate dangerously in a few hours if we don’t get the backup scrubber fans running.”
Abby added, “We take atmosphere for granted with the reliable life support on ISS. We are essentially in Apollo era tech down here. That brings to mind the pickle that the Apollo 13 crew was in until they worked out the duct tape solution to adapting the Command Module lithium hydroxide canisters to the LM life support.”
Ellie was not reassuring. “The Sea-Link submersible I dove in in grad school had similar lithium hydroxide scrubbers. Tragically, the sub got tangled in cables and rescue could not be mustered in time to keep the two scientists in the rear chamber from dying of CO2 poisoning.”
“Let’s not get macabre here. This is not an emergency yet. The CO2 level is just above normal. Vik, I agree we should not mess with the main power backup for now. The scrubber fans are on a separate low voltage backup supply. We have to try to get those fans working. I sure don’t hear them running now. The scrubber breaker panel is just aft of the scrubber fans up there.”
“I’m on it, Coby. Cycling the breaker now.” There is a spark and a bright flash. “Shit! That’s not good! I’d say that breaker is French fried. I could bypass it but that’s a last resort.”
Abby is trying to keep composure. “The CO2 is only up two points. We’re good for a while. Don’t over think it and start hyperventilating.”
“That’s not in my nature, dear. I found a replacement breaker stored in the bottom of the panel. Let’s see if I can pop the blown breaker out… It seems to be stuck. Coby, hand me a screw driver.”
Ellie is fascinated with the pulsing water in the dimly glowing moon pool. She is transported out of the present situation and thinking about the real EVAs they will be doing after their long trip to Bennu. She snaps back to the present. “The CO2 is up three points. We aren’t into the yellow yet. How is that breaker going ,Vik?”
“I’m being gentle with it because I don’t want to jimmy it up so the new breaker won’t snap in… Just about got it… There, it’s out!… Now for the new one… It’s a bit tight… It’s snapped in. Ready to cycle it on… There are the fans. Thank God! The batteries and backup scrubbers should give us about twenty-four hours of CO2 scrubbing.”
“Base will have the main power sorted by daylight. Let’s try to get some sleep. The less activity we have, the less load there will be on the scrubbers.”
Ellie was sounding relieved. “OK, Commander. But after this incident, I could use some comfort here in my bunk.”
Coby felt electricity to his core. The chemistry between them was palpable and the video feed was most certainly off with the power failure. “Happy to oblige, Ellie dear! In these humid, smelly, dark, and dank conditions, we all need some comfort.” He was smiling broadly but knew she couldn’t see his face in detail.
Abby was in the same frame of mind. “Thanks for the big fix ,Vik. Get over here and add some warmth to this damp bed, you big spaceman.”
“Da. Nothing better to do in the dark!”
Just then, before the headlamps were doused, Fred poked his nose up into the moon pool in the glow of bioluminescence to see what was going on in the hab.
“Good night, Fred! Everything is OK in here.”
The professional boundaries between the crew couples faded in the comfort of embrace. The gentle pulsing of the water in the moon pool lulled them to sleep.
Aquarius Reef Base Conch Reef
Key Largo, Florida
August 13, 2018
Aquila Mission Asteroid Bennu EVA Simulation Day 10:12:38
Base support restored the main power. They completed their last day of EVA training on Aquarius Day 9. Now on Day 10, the Aquila crew is closing out their stay on Aquarius.
The crew’s mission exposure to compressed air had saturated them with nitrogen at just over two atmospheres of pressure during their stay on Aquarius, with daily dives to twice that depth and pressure. They had sixteen hours of controlled decompression in the aft chamber before they could lock out and return to the surface tender RV Weatherford II to take them back to port. It was only when they smelled the fresh air that they realized how badly the underwater habitat had smelled like a stale locker room. The wind was stiff out of the southeast, making it a rough day with one to two meter swells. It was a very rough ride with each swell sending spray over the cabin. Finally, they made their way into the Aquarius Shore Base in Islamorada for the termination of their ten-day Aquila simulation. Hot showers were like heaven. NASA JSC mission evaluators were there to debrief the crew.
After the debrief they were dismissed for some deserved R&R. Coby broke the silence. “That was a great experience and very valuable EVA sim time. We learned a lot that will be valuable for making changes to our EVA procedures. But guys, I gotta tell you, I’m ready to be dry for a while.”
“I agree with the towel dry part but I’m ready to find out what they do with tequila and rum in the islands!”
“Not to worry, Ellie. As I promised, your commander has a crew field trip planned for the occasion of our return to terra firma. Hot showers, dry beds, and the best seafood the Keys have to offer.”

Key Largo to Key West, Florida
August 13, 2018

Coby had arranged a vacation for the crew before they took a short personal vacation apart and then headed back to JSC. Fondly remembering the successful fishing trip on Galveston Bay, Coby thought to try to top that and chartered a deep-sea sport fisherman in Key West. He had a rented SUV waiting at the marina on Key Largo. They rolled a short ways down the road to Snappers Oceanfront Restaurant for a great, extended lunch of conch chowder and grilled mahi-mahi. Food and cooking in the habitat was as dull and limiting as it is on ISS. This lunch was a pleasant way back to the real world—if the Keys can be called the real world.
They enjoy a pleasant drive down Keys Highway 1. The tropical cumulus clouds have a special beauty. They seem alive as they slowly grow in well-defined billows and drift across the islands and turquoise sea. In late afternoon, they arrive at the Ocean Key Resort and Spa on the Gulf side of Key West where Coby had booked two double rooms. The rooms were pricey and not expensable to NASA, so he reasoned that four single rooms was a waste. “Having just spent ten days in that tank with you, there aren’t many things private between us. We are off the NASA clock and they have given us no explicit directions regarding our leisure room arrangements. Keeping things purely professional with Vik and I rooming together, and Abby and Ellie rooming together is my first recommendation as commander.” He winked. “Or we could draw straws.”
It was obvious that Abby was looking at Vik to speak up and he did. “Permission to have Abby room with me, Commander, though that would be with Ellie’s assent to room with you. It’s no secret that the two of you have chemistry. I think it’s healthy to work these things out now rather than to have things get uncomfortable a hundred million kilometers from Earth.”
Ellie blushed and smiled at Coby, “Se il mio Comandante condividerà la sua stanza?” She recalled the evening not so long ago that he had refused the opportunity to have a casual night together, still trying to protect their professional relationship.
Her eyes and tone were titillating and intoxicating. Coby smiled in return, “Sì il mio Capitano. La mia porta è aperta per voi. So the straws are drawn!” Then he gently admonished them, “I have to add that what goes on in Key West stays in Key West—so to speak. NASA, the international agencies, or the press for God sake do not need to know our personal lives. But above all, our personal lives cannot affect our work. Remember that we have a backup crew and any or all of us can be replaced.” The other three smiled and saluted him.
Both couples strolled around the marina holding hands, admiring the yachts and sport fishermen. Later, they all sat together at the dockside bar sipping frozen margaritas and nibbling a light dinner snack of delicious conch fritters. The air was fragrant with the blossoms of a nearby gardenia bush. A fifty-centimeter long, iridescent, bright green iguana lurked in the gardenia, eyeing their fritters. The cumulus clouds were like pink cotton candy as the sun reddened and set over the Gulf of Mexico.
The crew chatted. “That aging Aquarius hab smells bad!”
“The Altair will be a much more luxurious home. With that new car smell.”
“We’ll make it a home together.”
They signed the bill to their rooms. The two couples strolled off in different directions. Abby stopped Vik where the gardenias were especially fragrant. They looked into each other’s eyes, kissed gently and then just held each other for a long moment thinking of their future bound together on perhaps the greatest exploration adventure in the history of humankind.
Coby and Ellie had another stroll around the marina. Coby nuzzled Ellie’s ear. “I ordered a bottle of their best Italian to be sent to the room, Tenuta San Guido Sassicaia 2013.”
“You must be reading my mind. Before we go up, I need to ask if you—have found any love since your wife passed.”
“Love no.” He leaned in and kissed her. “Time will tell. I will be honest with you that I have had a casual relationship with Elena Petrov. On our last phone call, Elena reminded me that there were no attachments between us. Certainly with Aquila, our worlds are getting farther apart. But my world with you is just beginning.” The gentle touch of Ellie’s hand made him feel warmer. He kissed her gently and opened the door to their room.
They stepped inside and Ellie kissed Coby again with more passion. He felt her hands rubbing his lower back and exploring. He returned the passion—but then gently broke away. “Let’s take this slowly and open the wine. Imagine that! We won’t have to use the hotel room plastic cups.” The wine had been delivered with two stem glasses with a wide waist designed to enhance the nose of the good red wine.
He poured two glasses and they sat on the sofa. The wine lived up to its reputation. They savored a few sips. Coby picked up the remote and found the in-hotel music. He played soft jazz at a low volume. “I know we could have been to this place a while ago. I’m sure you felt my genuine interest. But as commander, my overriding concern is for the well-being and smooth functioning of the crew. It wasn’t until the past days it became obvious that Vik and Abby were growing together that I now feel comfortable for us to be closer. The last thing we need in the crew is jealousy and infighting.” He kissed her again, this time longer and with more passion.
“Mmm… Our crew dynamic is well chosen, il mio Comandante. I think that open, honest physical relationships are a necessity on our long mission. Celibacy can be a bitter pill that causes friction. Besides, I admire your strength in many ways…” She kissed him and unbuttoned his shirt as he explored her with his hands and unbuttoned her blouse. Coby kissed her neck, her shoulder… Ellie was ahead of him purring and dropping her bra.
“Would you think me bad if I told you that I have fantasized being this close to you and kissing your breasts… your silky tum… your warm, wet—God! You are more beautiful than I imagined.”
“Mmm…thank you, my commander. I have been trying to hold off. On our dark night on Aquarius, you had me in your arms all night. Huhhnn… I wanted so badly to give thisss… give all of me to you. You have more self-control than mmee… mmm… I have been thinking of how this works in zero-g… mmm… we’ll figure it out… Ohh… mmm… That makes me lose control…”
The crew awoke at a blessed leisure compared to their normal sim schedule. The affection and warmth each couple shared the night before lingered a long while. Coby and Ellie snuggled and had a low conversation about anything but the mission. Coby slowly explored Ellie’s soft skin with his fingertips as light as a feather. The morning light made her seem even more beautiful than last night…
Subconscious questions had been with them for months. The questions were like a mist that did not evoke spoken words. How would this play out on Altair in microgravity? Crew relations on ISS felt restrained and artificial. Their lives on ISS almost played out like a reality show with communications and video broadcasts to Earth happening live—in real time. On Aquila, with the long, sometimes thirty-minute round trip communication delay, the crew would be able to broadcast selectively only what Houston needed to see and hear.
The physical aspect of sex in microgravity would be a new dynamic that would need nurture and practice. The social dynamic that physical relationships entailed would be new to the history of space exploration. There are still too many unknowns in space medicine and human physiology regarding sex and reproduction, microgravity and radiation. These unknowns cast doubts on long duration space missions and ultimately colonization of space and other worlds. Aquila would be on the frontier in so many ways.
The crew met at 10 AM for breakfast. They were all smiles and glowing with the happiness of a night well lived. “Four Bloody Marys and four Eggs Benedict with salmon, please.”
Ellie broke the relaxed silence. “Our commander is alive and well. His professional demeanor has been hiding a Vesuvius!”
“Ohh yeah… It’s heaven to be the prized subject of a geologist.”
“This big spaceman has more talents than getting a CO2 scrubber back online! Of course, I didn’t let him get much sleep!”
“Da, but I restarted your engines more than once!” Then actually blushing from his candor, Vik started in about the fishing trip, “There is a sailfish has my name on it out there. I will fight it and I will be the Viktor, just like my name. Even though it’s catch and release, I will have a mount made from the picture and hang it in the Tarazed galley. It will remind you of the day that I showed you how to catch a big fish!”
Coby replied, “Sounds like another big fish story, Vik. You’ll have to be careful that that long bill from your story doesn’t poke you in the eye when you’re floating in micro-g!”
Abby added, “Guys, I plan to catch the biggest fish. When I do, you owe me a six pack of beer of my choosing. I lose, and I’ll buy the crew a six-pack of Stroh’s.”
Ellie added her jibe, “I bet Coby that I get the big fish and he buys me another bottle of Tenuta San Guido. I lose, then I buy the bottle. Either way we both win!”
Key West Big-Game Fishing Trip
Southbound Sport Fishing Charters
1801 North Roosevelt Boulevard
Key West, Florida
August 14, 2018 11:30 AM EDT

They were headed out into the deep blue waters of the Gulf Stream with Captain Frank Simmons at the helm of the Southbound. He and his first mate Ryan, seem like modern day pirates, ready and willing to take on any nefarious activity for a buck. As they were underway, it was clear that Frank and Ryan were more than competent seamen. Ryan said, “We’ve had a decent run of sailfish in the last two weeks trolling with live ballyhoo. We’ll be out into the stream in about forty-five minutes, so enjoy the ride until we’re rigged for trolling.”
They hung by the entrance to the salon and talked about almost anything. It felt great to be out of the Aquarius habitat and get some more fresh air and sunshine. Vik has his arm around Abby’s waist. Coby held Ellie’s hand. Her auburn hair was flowing in the warm sea breeze. Her green eyes were sparkling in the early afternoon sun.
She said, “I can’t imagine any crew I would rather go with. You are not only the most qualified professionally, you are family. After we get back, sign me up for Mars!” Coby admired Ellie more each passing day. He gave her hand an affectionate squeeze.
Just then, Captain Frank shouts down, “We’re approaching a big weed line. Ryan, get four small poles ready with silver spoons. We’re gonna try for dolphin.” During their stay in the Keys, the crew had learned that dolphin was the local name for mahi-mahi.
Ryan explained, “Schools of dolphin hang out under the floating rafts of Sargasso weed. The weed rafts are like an island oasis for the fish. Small fish fry and other baby critters like crabs live in the weed for protection and for food, grazing on the weed. Bigger fish like dolphin eat the little fish. Big pelagic predators, like tuna, eat the dolphin. We’ll hopefully catch both!”
As Captain Frank eased up to the weed line, Ryan handed Abby, Ellie, Vik, and Coby their light rods and showed them how to cast just beside the weed. Almost immediately, Abby had a strike and took about a minute to get the dolphin to the boat. While she was reeling in, Ellie and Vik had fish on. Ryan helped Abby land her dolphin. Ryan called it a little schoolie. It wasn’t legal size of twenty inches so it went back overboard. The daily recreational limit is ten per person per day, but no more than sixty per boat per day. They had a long way to go to reach the bag limit of ten per person and sixty for the boat. This was fun!
Ryan explained, “Always keep one dolphin on a line to keep the school around the boat.” Ellie and Vik landed their fish while Coby had one on. Two legal fish. They would have tonight’s dinner! Any extra would go to Ryan and Captain Frank to sell at market. Again Abby was on, then Ellie, and Frank. They all giggled and screamed with fish frenzy delight.
Ryan stopped them when they had landed ten legal fish. “We don’t want to get too greedy. Leave some for another day.” Abby had the size bragging rights with a bull dolphin nearly twice the legal size. It was a strikingly beautiful blue and yellow fish with a blunt protruding forehead that marked it as a bull. “Now we will try for some big game. I’ll rig two big rods with live ballyhoo—one for each fighting chair. Captain Frank will troll us along the weed line to see what monsters await… Arrrrr!”
Abby and Ellie took the two fighting chairs for the first go at trolling for big game fish. The water was glass calm but some big thunderheads were growing to the east and south. There were gulls diving on a bait ball near the weed line. It’s a living mass of a million silverside minnows that shifts and twists as predatory fish make lightning passes to grab a mouthful of baitfish. They saw a few pelagics jump out of the melee. The Southbound trolled at a walking pace past the weed line and bait ball action.
Abby cried out, “I’m on!” Her reel screamed as the hooked fish stripped off line. Ellie soon followed, “I’m on! Wahoo!” as her reel screamed. Both of them carefully adjusted the drag on their reels and started working the rods and reeling in when the fish gave them the chance. Pumping and reeling, each would make some progress on the fighting fish then their reels would scream as the fish dove to get free. “Work ’em ladies!” Captain Frank masterfully played the orientation of the Southbound to give the fighters the edge on getting the fish closer to the boat. Fifteen minutes, then thirty minutes passed as the fish fought hard.
Ellie’s fish was the first tire enough to get it alongside. Ryan had the gaff ready and snagged her fish up and over the starboard gunwale. The big blackfin tuna was thrashing violently on the deck. “Watch out and get back!” Ryan took a short bat and clubbed the fish on the head. The sleek fish lay dead in a small pool of blood. Vik winced and felt sorry for the fish but knew he would take his turn in the chair. The thunderstorms were growing black and popping lightning but still a ways off. Ryan noticed that Ellie’s hair was beginning to stand out from the thunderstorm static—a bad sign.
Everyone on board had adrenaline pumping. Abby’s fish was still fighting. “I’m gonna get mine!” She worked the rod and reel. Who was more tired, Abby or the fish? Her rod suddenly bent sharply as the reel screamed then went silent. “I lost it! No wait, there is still drag on the line but I can make headway. Abby soon had the dead weigh alongside, Ryan gaffed in the big head of another blackfin. Abby exclaimed, “What in the hell did that to my fish?”
“Arrr! That be a monster fish ma’am! I have two more poles rigged for you two gentlemen if you’ll take to the chairs. You have bigger hooks so maybe we can get a shot at the monster. I’ll get this tuna weighed, measured, and on ice. “
“I’m ready!”
“My fish is calling me!” Vik boasted then swallowed his gorge.
Captain Frank turned the Southbound to make another pass at the action. Diving seagulls and boiling water still marked the location of the bait ball. “Get ready boys!”
Just as the trolling lines got near the bait ball, “I’m on! Come to me, Vik’s big fish!”
“Yeah! I’m on too!” shouted Coby. The reels screamed and the two men worked their fish almost as long as Abby and Ellie had. Coby worked his fish over to the port side and Ryan expertly gaffed it and dispatched it. The blackfin was about the same size as Ellie’s fish—beautifully streamlined pelagic predators.
Vik was still fighting his fish after about forty minutes. His reel screed loud and stripped off a hundred meters of line. “Damn! What is that?”
Ryan shouted, “The monster has taken the bait! It got your tuna and now you’re fighting the big one. The big hook got them both! That’s fifty pound test line. I hope it will hold this beast. The fight you had with the tuna showed that the drag is set just right. It’s just a matter of wearing him out.”
Captain Frank backed down on the direction that Vik’s line was stripping off. The glass calm water helped, otherwise seas might have poured over the stern gunwale. Vik worked it until his arms gave out. “Coby, if you please, help me fight this beast.”
Coby took the chair, rod, and reel and continued the punishing grind—pumping and reeling in between runs where line stripped off. Vik had worked the huge fish for twenty minutes. Now Coby had another ten minutes. Suddenly he felt the line go almost slack. The huge fish breached and jumped not ten meters from the boat.
Captain Frank said, “She’s a beauty! That’s a female blue marlin, ten to twelve feet long and gotta weigh nearly a thousand pounds! Males don’t get half that big. We haven’t seen one in Key West like that for years. Back in Hemingway’s day, they were almost commonplace.”
Coby reeled the fish even closer to the boat’s starboard side. Ryan was ready with the gaff though they wondered how a fish that big could be hauled out. They could see her dark blue shadow and big black eye as she rolled on her side, looking at them in the boat. The marlin doubled back and jumped right at Ryan slapping him down hard with a swipe of her long bill. Ryan screamed in fright and pain as he fell on the gaff making a big gash in his thigh. He lay on the deck stunned looking at his bleeding wound.
Captain Frank jumped down off the tuna tower with his knife unsheathed. “Make way! That fish is gonna live to fight another day. We gotta take care of my boy.” He reached over the gunwale and swiftly cut the line. Coby slumped over with exhaustion.
Abby jumped in. “Please step back and let me help. Now! I’m a doctor. Captain, go get your first aid kit, a clean towel if you have one, and a bottle of any alcohol you might have. Vik, give me your shirt.”
He did as she commanded. Ryan was wearing cutoffs and the gaping fifteen centimeter wound was on his exposed thigh. Abby pressed Vik’s shirt on the wound to try to staunch the bleeding. Ryan lay quietly with a glazed stare, a sign of shock.
“Ellie, go find a blanket to keep him warm.” Captain Frank came back with the first aid kit, a towel, and bottle of J&B Scotch. “Open the kit and get me a large pad of gauze and a roll of binding bandage.”
Abby left the blood soaked shirt in place and covered it with the large pad of gauze. She wound the bandage tightly around Ryan’s thigh over the gauze pad. Ellie returned and covered Ryan with the blanket while Abby still held pressure on the wound. Vik and Coby admired the way Abby took charge in a medical emergency. They all hoped that such skills would not be needed on their mission, but any one of their lives could depend on those skills a million kilometers from Earth.
Captain Frank asked, “What’s the whiskey for if you’re not gonna flush the wound?”
“The alcohol would do more harm than good for the wound. If any of you need a swallow to calm your nerves after that, go right ahead! Ryan is going to be OK after we get him to the ER to get the wound cleaned properly and get some pretty stitches.”
Captain Frank interjected, “We gotta make way. Look at that funnel!” One of the black thunderheads was bearing down on them with a twisting waterspout throwing sea spray a hundred meters in the air and not two hundred meters off their bow. In all the commotion, they hadn’t noticed it until now. He put the Southbound in gear and pushed the twin engines’ throttles full forward as he veered to port away from the waterspout.
Coby respected the way Captain Frank handled his vessel. Even more, he felt this fishing trip was better for the crew than any training sim. The danger and adrenaline were real. The crew would face unexpected dangers—farther from home than humans had ever traveled. Their only hope for rescue would be their own training and resourcefulness.
NASA Johnson Space Center
Q3 2018 through Q2 2023
The Aquila crew training simulations and module management continues as the 2023 launch date looms closer with booster, module, and science equipment construction struggling to stay on schedule. Other business includes attending the Humans to Mars Summit as an annual event. There are ad hoc and annual meetings with prime contractors and international partners.
The crew attends Survival and Geology training in Colorado hosted by University of Colorado Boulder Department of Geological and Planetary Sciences. This training was considered a rite of passage for Apollo astronauts since they would be doing science on the Moon. They were expected to hone their skills of observation to collect the most representative samples to document the geology of their landing area. The survival aspect was necessary since the Apollo Command Module was designed for a water landing. Contingencies of an off target landing could have the crew drifting at sea or being stranded on some remote acre of the Earth. All of these deep space mission aspects applied to Aquila and demanded the additional training. This training had not been necessary for all the missions to low Earth orbit since Apollo.
In 2020, the extreme environment training escalates to a new level.

ICE Aquila Crew Training
McMurdo Station, Antarctica
January 10 to May 10, 2020

ICE prepares the Aquila astronauts to cope with several months of Isolation, Confinement, and in an Extreme environment (identified with the acronym ICE). One of the best ways to train for this on Earth is by observing astronaut crews who spend several months on actual ice in Antarctica. NASA and the National Science Foundation (NSF), which manages the US Antarctic Program, have a collaborative agreement to study the effects of living in the polar environment.
A clinical psychologist analyzes the Aquila Crew working in Antarctica for a four month stay. It’s relatively simple to place subjects in isolation or confinement for the purpose of studying mood and behavior, but the extreme environment element is harder to find. Sometimes called White Mars, Antarctica is perfect because you can’t walk off the ice. That goes for whether you’re having a health, behavioral health, or a personal issue, you’re not going anywhere…That is very similar to space flight. It changes your mindset about how you are going to respond when you know you can’t leave.[47]
The ICE experience proves to more demanding than the Aquila crew experienced in the NEEMO Aquarius Habitat and their collective experience on ISS missions. Part of their preparation for ICE is the required reading for any crew member going to McMurdo Station: Alone[48] by Admiral Richard Byrd. This is an inspiring story of Antarctic isolation and survival. Byrd’s plan was to spend six months alone in Antarctic winter, gathering weather data and pursuing his desire “to taste peace and quiet long enough to know how good they really are.” His plan went terribly wrong. Isolated in the pervasive polar night with no hope of release until spring, Byrd began suffering inexplicable symptoms of mental and physical illness. In the middle of Antarctic winter, there was no hope of rescue. Byrd endured a monumental struggle not only to save his life but to preserve his sanity. This book is a lesson for humans and deep space crews facing the limits of human psychological endurance.
HI-SEAS, Hawaii Space Exploration Analog and Simulation, is another NASA sponsored isolation exercise/experiment but this one is a full eight months. It is set on barren volcanic terrain in Hawaii to mimic a Mars-like terrain. The Aquila crew does not participate in this simulation but they interview, study, and learn from the experience of the HI-SEAS veterans and put that in context with their ICE training.
The HI-SEAS crew survived on only the supplies they were provided two to four month resupply cycles. Crew members can only venture outside in an EVA suit. When asked to describe the challenges of living with the same people for months, crew member Laura Lark responded: “I think conflict is inevitable when you have a small number of people in an isolated and confined environment for so long. Really what’s important is how you deal with that conflict and how you maintain your relationships to prevent it in the first place. We put in a lot of effort to maintain our individual relationships with each other and our crew morale. So some of this was spending that social time together and making sure to pull people in. We also tried to keep an atmosphere where people were free to bring things up. So occasionally we’d sit down and talk about pet peeves. If there was something annoying someone, that’d be a good time to bring it up. Everyone would try to accommodate their needs. When conflict does inevitably arise, we try to deal with it quickly, honestly, and openly, and kindly to resolve it so we didn’t have this thing hanging over our heads. That was one thing we did pretty well. Everybody on the crew was very committed to resolving any issues that came up.”[49]
“Bring something to work on. Something meaningful to work on,” crew member Christiane Heinicke said. “One of your biggest enemies is boredom. The other big enemies, of course, are the rest of the crew.” Heinicke said emergencies play a surprising role in helping people get along. “If you had some arguments within the group… it really helps to have an emergency to work on together, because everyone has new motivation.”[50]
During the long planning and training years, The Aquila prime crew remains tight and disciplined. Each knew that the backup crew paralleled their training and was ready to step in if any of prime faltered. The prime crew relaxes and enjoys their mutual company and relations only off the NASA clock. The down time relaxation binds them closer and allows them to be even more focused on their sim schedule. They continue to work closely with the prime contractors as the mission assembly date draws closer. They are required by NASA to have annual three week vacations totally apart from their crewmates. Those times are filled with family reunions and then longing to be back with their crew family.
The only noteworthy crew member concern was with backup crew Commander Bob Trask. Trask was noted to express ostensibly lighthearted jealousy of the prime crew. He was reported to be stressed but functioning during the Aquila backup crew Neemo and ICE isolation training. His crewmates were nonetheless supportive and vouched for his fitness.
During this training and mission construction phase, the international partners of the Aquila Mission drafted and signed the International Space Treaty of 2018. They formalize the signing by taking on the name International Space Coalition. China is the one major space faring nation conspicuously absent. In regards to their activities in space, they have become increasingly secretive and isolationist.

CHAPTER 9 Sleek Stacks and Smooth Sailing
“Our remote descendants safely arrayed on many worlds throughout the Solar System and beyond; will be unified by their common heritage, by their regard for their home planet, and by the knowledge that, whatever other life may be, the only humans in all the Universe come from Earth. They will gaze up and strain to find the blue dot in their skies. They will love it no less for its obscurity and fragility.”
―Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space

Kennedy Space Center
Operations and Checkout Building
April 3, 2023 10:00 AM EDT

There are about 700 facilities spread across Kennedy Space Center. The Operations and Checkout Building houses the astronaut crew quarters. The Aquila Prime and Backup crews have been in residence at KSC from the first of April 2023. They will be monitoring the feverish activity of booster and module stack progress.
Before tonight’s gala, Coby takes his prime crew aside and says, “Well, we’re in the home stretch for Aquila to get off. It’s been a long road. The sims have put us through every imaginable failure scenario and found a thousand ways to kill us. Our closeness has gotten us through situations where some crews may have cracked under the incessant pressure. I appreciate the mature and discreet way you have handled that unprecedented closeness. Tonight’s gala will be very public and very publicized. So I want to stress, no PDA.”
From Vik and Abby, “Our best behavior always.”
Ellie answers jovially, “Yes, Commander Brewster. No PDA. As far as the brass and public are concerned, we are asexual, smiling robots. However, we really do need some down time considering the schedule we are up against.”
“Thank you, Captain Accardi. I’m working on the down time schedule with Ben. Disney World?”
Aquila Mission Pre-Stack and Launch Gala
Apollo/Saturn V Center
Kennedy Space Center
Cape Canaveral, FL
April 3, 2023 7:00 PM EDT

The Apollo/Saturn V Center is located northwest of Launch Complex 39. By day, it is a visitor museum that houses one of the remaining unflown Saturn V rockets—a priceless piece of history. At night, for special occasions, it makes a superb conference center with the Saturn V backdrop. The conference center has tables set for seventy-five attendees with water, light hors d’oeuvres, and salad. All of the seating was by assigned tables. Prime and Backup crews were seated up front and center by the podium. There are open bars at either end of the center. The attendees had been mingling in for ten to twenty minutes and clumping in small groups with the din of conversation rising. There is an occasional exclamation and some kisses as old friends meet up. Directors and Administrators from NASA, FKA/Roscosmos, ESA, JAXA, and CSA, the prime Aquila contractors, and the Prime and Backup crews for the Aquila Mission were in attendance.
The room was called to order. NASA Administrator Bill Grossmayer stepped up to the podium. The projector system cued to a montage of space agency logos and the finished Aquila Mission logo.
“Good Evening, distinguished ladies and gentlemen. Today we have assembled Administrators of the International Space Coalition, Aquila prime contractors, and the Prime and Backup crews of the Aquila Mission. NASA and I welcome all of you. In about three months, the Aquila Mission will carry the first humans to leave the Earth-Moon system on a thirteen-month journey of exploration of the solar system out to the orbit of Mars. It will be the first deep space step toward sending crews to orbit Mars and ultimately land on the surface of Mars by 2033. Humankind is on the way to expand our homes throughout the solar system and beyond.” There was spontaneous applause as the audience got their feet.
“Now, I am given a nod from our tech chief that we have ready a live feed from the Oval Office. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the President of the United States, David Trane.”
The image of the Aquila and space agency logos faded and morphed into the presence of President Trane. He is in the last half of his successful second term. He was a popular president with a long legacy of progress in human rights, health care, science, education, strengthening international relations, and bolstering human space exploration.
“Administrator Grossmayer, distinguished principals in our journey into the solar system, and crews of Aquila, I am honored to have the privilege to address you on this eve of humankind’s greatest adventure into deep space. While I am physically in the Oval Office, I am with you in spirit as your strongest supporter. From the inception of the Aquila Mission, I have backed you and helped overcome the many funding hurdles this ambitious mission has encountered. The time for humans to begin our destiny in the solar system is now. The science goals of the Aquila Mission will reveal much about the origins of the solar system life on Earth. In my remaining time in office, I will work steadfastly to ensure that we continue this progress to our planned Mars Base Camp and crew landing in 2033, just ten years from now. Godspeed, brave crew of Aquila.” The live feed faded and Aquila logo reappeared as the audience rose for a standing ovation.
The Administrators of FKA/Roscosmos, ESA, JAXA, and CSA, the prime Aquila contractors, Directors of United Rocket, SpaceTrans, Orbit Tech, Goddard, Thorson Atlas Space, Altius, and ABC Delaware were each introduced and given one minute to give a short speech. Generally, each gave the crew assurances and wished them a safe journey.
Bill Grossmayer then turned to Coby. “Now I want to introduce Aquila Commander Jacob ‘Coby’ Brewster.”
“Thank you, Bill. The Aquila crew is honored to represent you, all of the talented and hardworking engineers and personnel that designed and built the Aquila Mission modules and components and thank them in advance of the stacks yet to be assembled and launched on the tightest launch schedule ever demanded by the space industry. Now let’s focus on the very demanding launch schedule that will get this mission headed to Bennu.”
AQUILA MISSION STACK and LAUNCH DATES

“Each of you as directors, contractors, and crew knows your part in this schedule but I thought it worthwhile to show the whole schedule for the launch activity in the coming months. This table shows the tight launch schedule which will burden stack and launch crews to the limit of their endurance. These crews have been training as long and hard as the Aquila crews. The reason the launch schedules are so tight is due to 1) the need for resupply modules and 2) the need to assemble the Altair deep space vehicle components in low Earth orbit in a short time frame before Trans-Bennu-Injection (TBI). The Altair Deep Space Vehicle TBI launch commit is contingent on nominal Deneb and Vega resupply module launch and trajectory. The Aquila Mission depends on Deneb and Vega resupply modules being deployed and waiting for Altair arrival. Deneb is due to be in Bennu parking orbit one week before Altair arrival.
“Peregrine Heavy stacks are assembled in a nearby SpaceTrans vehicle assembly building and launched at Kennedy Space Center Pad 39C, the very same pad that launched Apollo vehicles. The Vega stack is assembled and rolled out by May 1, 2023 so that the Deneb stack can be assembled and rolled out after the Vega launch. As soon as Deneb is rolled out, the next stack is assembled for the Altair OOS-1 cryo-stage. The SpaceTrans vehicle assembly building at Pad 39C has enough interior room to stack a Peregrine 9 alongside the Deneb Peregrine Heavy. The Peregrine 9 launches June 1, 2023 with a Phoenix crew capsule. The Phoenix capsule carries the backup Aquila crew plus a Phoenix pilot to ISS. The staggered launch dates allow subsequent Peregrine Heavy vehicles to be stacked, rolled out, and launched in sequence without delay or interference.
“Meanwhile, the SRS Block 2 stack with the Altair Rigel Crew Module and OOS-2 cryo-stage is being assembled at the huge Apollo Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB). It is due to roll out on its crawler June 15, 2023 to Pad 39B, the second pad that launched Apollo vehicles.
“Also in early July, the stack for the Gamma IV Heavy with the Tarazed and Libertas modules is being assembled at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. Never before in the history of space exploration will so much heavy lift vehicle assembly activity be pulling together simultaneously. During Apollo, subsequent Apollo stacks were prepared with frenzied assembly activity for launch succession every three months. That activity is dwarfed with the activity in 2023 for the Aquila Mission.
“Bill, back to you to get the evening rolling.”
“Thanks, Commander Coby. Well, ladies and gentlemen, as the man said, it’s time to get the evening rolling while our stacks await! Please enjoy the dinner, open bar, and dancing. Dinner will be served in about fifteen minutes so relax and feel free to mingle.”
In the back of his mind, Coby was expecting to see Elena here since the venue seemed so familiar, like deja vu. However, objectively he knew she couldn’t be here since she was in the first phase of a four month mission onboard ISS. To be sociable, the crews went different ways in the crowd. Coby saw Gerald Geary, CTO of SpaceTrans, approaching and he put on his most cordial face.
“Commander Brewster, it’s good to see you again. I want to thank you and your crew for your close involvement in our preparation for Aquila. We have the largest launch burden of any of the primes but I assure you we are ready.”
Coby caught Bob Trask’s eye and gestured him to come over. “Gerald, this is Bob Trask, Commander of the Aquila backup crew.”
“It’s a pleasure to see you again, Bob. We met in Hawthorne. Our Phoenix pilot, Frank Dow, will give you a good ride. For us, ISS crew transfer has become almost commonplace. Yours will be the twelfth crew to launch to ISS on the Phoenix since 2018.”
“It’s good to see you again, Gerald. My crew will be the next up to ISS on your Peregrine 9/Phoenix on the first of June. It will be good to get back to ISS after all this Aquila training—all for nothing.”
Guests were called to dinner. They enjoyed the main course of Florida spiny lobster and scallops alfredo. Each table had a bottle of red and white wine to share. The swing band started and so did the dancing. Both Aquila crews mixed it up and thoroughly enjoyed the evening. Trask had disappeared early.
Coby saw Kate Turner of GNN eyeing him from across the dance floor. He recalled their interview back in 2017 at the Capitol Grille in DC. Kate is a well-known Science Correspondent for GNN. Her assignment has been to follow the Trane Administration’s space initiatives. Now that it was the Administration’s second term, nothing would elevate Trane’s role in history more than the success of the Aquila Mission. Coby walked over to Kate and asked her to dance. She was as graceful as she was attractive.
After their dance, Kate asked him aside. “I really appreciated the interview we had years back at the outset of Aquila. Could we arrange another interview here at the Saturn V Center with your crew and GNN cameras rolling? This time for bon voyage. This setting is perfect!”
Of any news correspondent Coby had dealt with, he felt that Kate was the most upstanding and deserved the interview. “I’ll talk to Ben Kirk, our NASA Flight Operations Director. I’ll convince him that he wants GNN to get the opportunity but I can’t make any promises.”
Kate took his hands in hers and sincerely thanked him. He thought she might bend toward him to give him a kiss. He gave he a broad smile and stepped back, “You are most welcome, my dear Kate.”

Kennedy Space Center
SpaceTrans Launch Complex Pad 39C
April 25, 2023

All of the modules for the Vega launch had arrived on schedule except for the Peregrine Heavy boosters. They were on special trucks coming from Hawthorne, California. Though the boosters arrived three days late, they did arrive before the May 1 date to begin assembling the big stack. On May 10, the Vega Peregrine Heavy stack was rolled out to the pad and erected.
Aquila Launch Sequence Commences
Kennedy Space Center
VIP Viewing Area
May 15, 2023 10:00 AM EDT
Vega Mission -00:00:10:00

The Aquila crews and some family are together with other VIP guests at the VIP Viewing Area five kilometers from Pad 39C. For safety, this is as close as any person is allowed to observe a rocket launch. This was not a first for the crews, but it was momentous since it was the initiation of the Aquila Mission. It is a bright, blue Florida day. The stack was fueled and LOX and LH2 were steadily boiling away in clouds of condensation from the flank of the rocket. Seagulls and pelicans wheel around the viewing area, oblivious to the launch activity and impending roar that was going to engulf the area. There is a countdown clock panel in front of the stands and mission control announcements were broadcast on big speakers. “T minus one minute and counting. All systems go!” “Thirty seconds… twenty… fifteen… Launch sequence initiate… ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.” Huge billows of white exhaust engulf the rocket and it begins to rise. “Liftoff of the Vega resupply module and the beginning of the Aquila Mission sequence.” The VIP stands begin to vibrate with the seismic ground roll then 14 seconds after the first launch plume was seen, the airborne shock and sound front hits hard like a madman roaring and beating fists on your chest. “Unforgettable!” The crews cheer and high five.
At its peak, over a million space enthusiast tourists lined the beaches and causeways around Kennedy Space Center for this frenzy of launches. In addition the grandeur of seeing the powerful heavy lift vehicles leave the pad in a chest rattling roar, four of the Aquila series of launches at Kennedy Space Center were reusable SpaceTrans Peregrines and Peregrine Heavies. Shortly after the launch, the eager crowds watched for the landing of each booster segment to be refurbished and used for future launches. All eyes scanned the blue Florida skies in the eastern direction from which they expected the booster segments to return. Someone shouts, “I see it!” Farther down the beach, “There it is!” The whole beach scene cheers and applauds. Shortly, their enthusiasm is exceeded by the loud sonic booms of the returning hypersonic boosters. NASA is still playing catch-up, learning from SpaceTrans success on the hypersonic return trajectories of its reusable boosters. The day of cheaper commercial space flight is here.
Vega launch goes on a Peregrine Heavy, sixty-five days before TBI. Launch and trajectory are nominal. Smooth sailing. The Vega resupply module sails on toward its robotic rendezvous with comet 125P. At rendezvous, the comet will be nearing perihelion, its closest point to the sun, just inside Mars orbit and traveling slightly faster than Mars.
Backup Trouble
Kennedy Space Center
Operations and Checkout Building
June 1, 2023 6:00 AM EDT

The Aquila backup crew has been under pre-launch quarantine. They are only allowed contact with medical and cleared launch personnel. The procedure is as old as Mercury launch days and instituted to prevent the crews from being inadvertently exposed to a cold or flu virus (or worse). The other ritual that goes back to Mercury is serving the crew a breakfast of steak and eggs. There is light nervous banter between the crew and techs seated at the table. Then it’s time for the Aquila Backup crew to suit up for their Peregrine launch to ISS. There are hugs, handshakes, and well wishes…
Kennedy Space Center
SpaceTrans Launch Complex Pad 39C
June 1, 2023 8:00 AM EDT

The Peregrine 9 with backup Aquila crew, Robert Trask, Olga Sadoski, Tracy Dixon, and Paul Earhardt, with Frank Dow as the Phoenix pilot onboard is primed to launch to ISS. This is just six weeks before the Aquila Mission leaves earth on TBI. The Phoenix crew capsule will also be used to ferry crews to and from Altair and ISS. The backup crew will assist in assembling the Altair modules, complete the deep space vehicle, and be at ISS if the prime crew needs to be replaced at the last minute.
The countdown had a fifteen minute hold at T-minus 10 minutes. The extra time was used to troubleshoot a propellant manifold pressure anomaly. The issue was cleared and the count resumed.
Launch sequence initiate…10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3… White exhaust plumes indicate the launch is imminent. The tall rocket stack sways and the nine Wizard engines suddenly shut down. “We have GLS engine cutoff. Safing initiated.”
Frank Dow had his hand on the abort handle ready to blast the Phoenix free of the Peregrine booster with the Launch Escape System. That would send them in an almost two kilometer parabolic trajectory and parachute the capsule safely into the Atlantic. “Launch! Give me a cue on LES!”
“Trask interjects, “Do it, Frank! I’m ready to bug out of here!”
“Negative call on LES. GLS Safing is going by the book. We had that same propellant manifold pressure anomaly and the GLS shut down kicked in.”
Over the next minutes, a flurry of verbal commands and checks were exchanged between mission control and the crew. All of this had been practiced in launch sims so the shutdown and seemed almost routine. The launch was scrubbed pending a solution to the anomaly.
On radio feed that was not going to the world, Trask was heard to say, “They can’t even get these second class seats off the ground.” Then the hatch was opened to the tower gantry and technicians assisted the crew out of the Phoenix. The shuttle took them to the crew ready room. Trask was called to report to Ben Kirk’s office at 3 PM.
During the early afternoon, the launch anomaly was isolated on a manifold pressure sensor that was accessible for replacement without taking the stack down. Launch sequence would recycle for June 4th. This would delay the stack of the Deneb Peregrine heavy but the three day delay could be absorbed by the schedule.
Trask is admitted to Ben Kirk’s office. “Come in, Bob, and have a seat. I won’t mince words. You are on report for insubordination on the launch abort today. Luckily, your unprofessional behavior and remarks were not broadcast to the net. The launch is rescheduled for June 4th. If you want to be on it and continue your career, I suggest you change your attitude. The only reason I don’t scrub you now is because of the negative publicity it would cast on Aquila. What do you have to say for yourself?”
“Sir, I… I guess I let the schedule pressure and abort get to me. Sir, you can trust me. I’ve worked long and hard to be ready and qualified as Aquila backup. You need me up there and I am honored to do my part.”
“Keep your professional face. You are a respected veteran astronaut. No more slip-ups. Let’s get your bird and crew up to ISS”.
The Peregrine 9 with backup Aquila crew plus a Phoenix pilot launches successfully to ISS on June 4, 2023. Commander Robert Trask carries out his duties and keeps a poker face.
Deneb launches on a Peregrine Heavy June 20, 2023, twenty-nine days before Altair TBI. Launch and trajectory are nominal. Smooth sailing. The Deneb resupply module sails on toward its robotic rendezvous with the asteroid. Bennu is at perihelion. The asteroid will pass the Earth in two weeks traveling 2.3 kilometers per second faster. Deneb and Altair will play catch up with Bennu.
The outstanding success of these precursor missions sets the stage for Aquila crew launch and assembly of the Altair Deep Space vehicle at ISS. The SRS Block 2 stack is completed on schedule. It is 122 meters tall making it the largest rocket stack ever assembled. The designers of the Apollo Vehicle Assembly Building anticipated larger rockets than the Saturn V. It can accommodate stacks up to 155 meters tall. On June 14-15, the SRS makes its slow roll on its new crawler transport from the VAB to Pad 39B. It was a beautiful sight to see both the SRS and Peregrine Heavy sleek stacks on adjacent Pads 39C and 39B in late June and early July.

CHAPTER 10 Pre-Launch Jitters
“Now, what’s stirring in this murky sea of complexity and foolishness is an almost suffocating need to breathe fresh history.”
―Laurie Perez, The Look of Amie e

Apollo/Saturn V Center
Kennedy Space Center
Cape Canaveral, FL
June 16, 2023 4:00 PM EDT

Kate Turner of GNN is set to interview the Aquila prime crew two weeks before crew launch. The SRS Block 2 with the Aquila Rigel capsule, service module, and OOS-2 cryo-stage are stacked and waiting on Pad 39B. The crew will be going into pre-launch quarantine on June 20, so this is her last and best-timed opportunity to access them to catch their candid feelings before launching on this epic journey. Since Kate had attended the Aquila Pre-Launch Gala, she knew that the Apollo/Saturn V Center would be the perfect venue and backdrop for the interview. KSC had cooperated by closing the facility to tourists at 3 PM so she and her camera crew could set up before the 4 PM scheduled interview.
The crew walked into the Apollo/Saturn V Center as scheduled. They were smartly dressed in their blue flight overalls that some called the Armageddon blue NASA flight suit. The overalls had the Aquila Mission patch on the right chest and a prominent name patch on the left. Coby and Vik had their hair high and tight. For Vik, that was high and tight and receding. Abby and Ellie both had their hair cut short and classy not only for this interview but for the practicality of dealing with it in microgravity. Kate walked straight up to Coby and gave him a firm handshake, “It’s so good to see you again! Thank you for scheduling my interview request.”
Coby introduced Abby, Ellie, and Vik in turn.
“Please have a seat left to right, Commander Brewster, Pilot Ivanov, Dr. Denton, and Captain Accardi.” The chairs were comfortable director style stretched canvas. “Let’s let the camera crew get their lighting and focus set before we begin…”
Kate began with a narrative for the audience, “The Aquila crew has devoted six long years of their lives as veteran astronauts training and consulting on the design and organization of the Aquila Mission. At launch beginning this long voyage, Commander Jacob “Coby” Brewster is age fifty-three. Pilot/Engineer Viktor “Vik” Ivanov is age fifty-four. He has spent more time in space, 533 days, than any of the crew. Flight Surgeon Dr. Abigail “Abby” Denton is age forty. Astrogeologist Captain Rafaela “Ellie” Accardi is also age forty.
“Coby, does being farther from Earth than any humans before without possibility of rescue give you fear? How do you deal with this on the eve of departure?”
“The Apollo 8 carried the first humans to be launched on the Saturn V rocket. They were the first crew out of low Earth orbit. They were the first to orbit the Moon with no possibility of rescue if the CSM engine failed to put them on a return trajectory. All of the Apollo lunar missions faced the same odds. We have redundant supplies and propellant on the resupply modules just launched in May and June. We have trained for six years and have every confidence in the Altair and all the people, engineers, and multinational corporations that made the Aquila Mission as ready as humanly possible. Beyond that, no, there is no hope of rescue. We don’t dwell on that or fear it but we wouldn’t be human if we never gave it a thought. Inspiration will spring forth whether we return safely or not. If we fail, others will follow and take on the challenge. The die is cast. In our lifetime, in a few short years, we will colonize space beyond Earth. The things we discover will prepare humans to leave the cradle of Earth and make a home in the heavens beyond.”
“Vik, what is the significance of the mission name?”
“The symbolism runs deep, Kate. The constellation Aquila is the Eagle flying the lane of our Milky Way galaxy. Altair is the brightest star in Aquila and so we gave that name to our deep space vehicle. Our modules Tarazed and Libertas are also stars in Aquila. The Apollo 11 lunar lander Eagle set a crew on the Moon for the first time. In Greek mythology, Aquila carries the thunderbolts of Zeus, the father of Apollo. Our Eagle will be flying a crew beyond the Earth-Moon system for the first time, opening the door to Mars, the solar system, and the stars.”
“Abby, you have the important assignment as the crew’s flight surgeon. What have you done to prepare for this role, for the routine, and the unexpected?”
“Good question, Kate. The collective experience and time in space of the crews on the International Space Station have given us invaluable medical data on how human physiology is affected by long duration space flight. We have learned to mitigate those effects. Bone and muscle deterioration in weightlessness is mitigated by an advanced system of stress exercise equipment that each crewmember will use two hours a day. We will use the equipment as a welcome form of entertainment. It has sophisticated virtual reality sims to put the user in a selected Earthscape for the exercise experience.
“Radiation exposure in deep space is a big concern. Our crew capsule and habitat module are well designed to minimize radiation exposure. We have a special shelter in our stores bay to weather the dangerous radiation of any solar storm event that comes our way.”
“We have trained extensively on mission simulations that include emergency medical situations. Our medical bay is well equipped with equipment and supplies to handle routine or emergency medical needs.”
“Ellie, you have the mission critical assignment as the crew’s astrogeologist. The main objectives of this mission to study an asteroid and a comet up close are exactly in your professional expertise. What have you done to prepare for this role, for the routine, and the unexpected?”
“Thanks for the recognition of the science objectives of this mission. The selection of asteroid Bennu and comet 125P was the right mission for the 2023 launch date. Accessing these two objects for their science objectives was the inspiration for getting the mission approved and funded. Their orbits uniquely coincide so we can access both of them in a single thirteen-month deep space loop that takes us out to the orbit of Mars. The information we can get from these objects is invaluable to answer questions about the early solar system. We will gain information to feed the fledgling asteroid mining industry that will support man’s future settlement of the solar system. No cargo since the Apollo Moon samples is more valuable than the samples we will carry back to Earth in special sealed isolation containers for laboratory study. Robot probes in space could not carry out this detailed science. As for unexpected revelations in our exploration, that is the essence of exploration itself. Our training almost daily called on us to handle the unexpected. This mission is bigger than the four of us can fathom. Things beyond our imagining will surprise us out there. We call on you in the media to help us educate the public on the unexpected things we may find out there.”
“Ellie, that last comment gives me a chill and a thrill of anticipation. I want to thank our brave Aquila crew for your time in this last interview before launch. This has been Kate Turner, GNN, Kennedy Space Center, Cape Canaveral, Florida wishing the Aquila crew Godspeed and a safe journey.”
All are smiles and thumbs up for the cameras but off camera each in their own way ponder the fatalistic vibes this interview so close to launch had stirring in them.
Itchetucknee and Back to Nature
Ichetucknee Springs State Park,
National Natural Landmark.
High Springs, FL
June 17, 2023 11:00 AM EDT

The crew needed some time away from NASA before they went into isolation. Dave Gorton, one of the sim engineers, was a “Gator” from University of Florida in Gainesville west of KSC. He recommended a relaxing day swimming and canoeing in some of the most beautiful wilderness areas on Earth. Coby signed out a van and got the approved leave for the day out. They packed a picnic lunch and arrived at Ichetucknee Springs State Park before noon. After renting and loading two canoes, they paddled off into the crystal-clear Ichetucknee River. Cypress and live oak trees that were draped in gray Spanish moss overhung the banks of the river. It had a primal, musty smell. One over hanging tree limb Abby noticed harbored a water moccasin.
“Let’s give that branch a wide berth. See the snake? I think it’s a cottonmouth. We don’t want that bad boy to drop into our canoe!”
Occasionally they passed a fallen tree lying in the swift stream. Each log was covered with red-eared turtles sunning to soak up warmth. If the canoe came too close, the turtles plopped into the clear water and swam away. They saw a small gator sunning on the bank.
Vik spoke out, “Look at that tributary stream on the right. It’s plenty wide and deep and clear! Let’s go explore that and get away from any other canoe traffic.” Without hesitation, they paddled into the spring run. They felt like they could be the first Spanish explorers in Florida. Fifteen minutes in: “This feels like the Journey to the Beginning of Time.” In a clearing ahead, the canoes came to an emerald spring boil and pool fifty meters across. With gin clear water, there was no hint as to how deep it was. The crew has the pristine spot all to themselves.
“Let’s put the canoes ashore in that sandy clearing.” Without a thought about the wildlife, they had seen on their way to this spot, Vik is the first to jump in. “Wow, that’s cool water!” He throws his swim trunks in the canoe and luxuriates in the gin clear water. Abby, in exquisite form, is next. Ellie was close behind and giggling. The sight of them skinny dipping is not so much erotic as it is primal—in one of the most beautiful spots of nature on the planet.
Coby yells as he jumps, “I’m in!” After he surfaces and joins the others, with a big smile he observes, “Ponce de Leon was looking for the Fountain of Youth near here. I think we may have found it. We can’t take this with us on Aquila or to Mars. We will carry a memory of the Green Hills of Earth.” He takes a few deep breaths and dives down into the blue deep as far as he can. Even without a dive mask, the others can follow his white butt as he goes deeper and deeper. About fifty feet down, Coby tags the gray limestone mouth of the cave entrance from where the spring water is outflowing. He arcs gracefully back up to the surface and grabs a big breath of air. “Wow, that’s awesome. The emerald blue hole draws you like a portal into the unknown, yearning to be explored.” As he said it, Coby felt a premonition of their mission.
Abby cautions, “Too many untrained, would be cave divers have died in holes like that.”
After their glorious swim in the cool spring waters, they climbed out of the spring feeling chilled and invigorated. They lay on the bank of the Ichetucknee on their beach towels shivering, but warming in the sun in the warm white sand.
Abby said, “The Sun’s radiation could get you even here on Earth. It wouldn’t do to have sunburn in all the wrong places on our pre-flight physicals.” Coby and Ellie, Vik and Abby help each other rub on sunscreen on each other. After fifteen minutes of sun and reverie, “Let’s eat!” They retrieve their picnic lunch from the canoes and spread out a picnic blanket. As they warmed, the four ate and thought deeply. They talked of things not verbalized before.
Ellie sat up and said, “Sometimes, when I’m alone, I think about the mission. I do get worried. What if something happens and we don’t come back?” Coby rose and put an arm around her.
Abby sat up and replied, “Then we will be an even bigger inspiration to those that follow us. There needs to be a steppingstone between Earth and Mars and that’s our mission. Even before this mission began, each of us had enough experiences in space to fill a career. Now with all the planning and preparation for the Aquila Mission, we have grown together having even more experiences. We have had more joy with each other than most people have in a lifetime. We are the chosen and we have more than prepared. This is our mission. This is our time.”
They were facing each other with arms around each other. Coby added, “Think of the brave crews who went to the Moon on Apollo not knowing if they would return. No simulation had ever imagined the disaster that Apollo 13 faced. Yet the ingenuity of the engineers at NASA and the bravery of the crew brought them back to Earth from a situation that first predictions said was certain death. The crews of Challenger and Columbia knew the risks when they boarded the Space Shuttle on their fateful missions. The crews that followed them were undaunted and even more inspired.”
Vik said, “A launch on a Peregrine/Phoenix to get to the Altair assembly at ISS may be safer than riding the SRS which has only been flown twice before. However, the SRS/Rigel is the symbol of the mission: the largest rocket ever flown. Its glorious launch will bring the partner nations together with pride in every detail. The SRS/Rigel will be like riding the United Nations flag into orbit. The United Rocket cryo-stages are the most proven technology of anything on the mission. These workhorses will get us safely on the mission trajectory to our objectives and back. We knew the risks when we signed on for the mission. We go for the glory of space exploration and man’s future in space. These last six years together have seen a lifetime of developing technology. Our nations go forward on this venture together. We are a family, and we go together. Every major piece and component of Altair has been tested and proven. We’ve trained on every conceivable disaster scenario. Yes, Space is always trying to kill you. We will put up a hell of a battle against Logan and his First Law. We are ready.”
Ellie was even more animated. “Yuri Gagarin knew the risks when he boarded that first Vostok rocket, especially after seeing many blow up on the launch pad before his mission. We are in this together. We will survive. We will meet whatever challenges space throws at us. Whatever challenges throw us off the mission plan and timeline, we have the experience to deal with it.”
They hugged each other for a long moment then looked up silently into the blue sky. They all shed a few tears of joy, fear, and raw emotion.
Ellie said, “If I ever find myself alone in cold deep space I’ll remember this beautiful day.”
Coby replied “May that cold, lonely moment never come. I’ll always be there with you.” He touched her thigh and drew a line up across her abdomen between her breasts to her lips and then he kissed her. “We should be getting back to the Cape. We have our families to greet at the dinner tonight.”
Abby and Ellie got up to get dressed. “Enjoy gravity while you can, boys.” Vik and Coby watched them innocently just as the women admired the men as they strutted over to get dressed.
Family
Kennedy Space Center
Operations and Checkout Building
Crew Dining Hall
June 17, 2023 6:30 PM EDT

A family farewell dinner was scheduled at 6:30 pm in the KSC Crew Dining Hall. Family members had come with special invitations and special travel arrangements. Coby’s sister Karen and nephew Adam, Vik’s son Oleg, Abby’s parents Greg and Kathy Denton, and Ellie’s sister Olivia were there. The Aquila crew came in from their separate quarters a few moments apart. Dress was casual. Their faces were glowing with a pink blush from the Florida sun.
Coby went to his sister and nephew arms wide and gave sincere hugs and kisses. “Karen, Adam, So good to see you! If only Mom, Pops, and Ellen could be here with us!”
Karen said without reserve, “I’ve seen you go to the space station and worried about you each time. This long, dangerous mission—I don’t know how I can bear the worry. Mom and Pops would be proud but the anxiety would kill them if they weren’t already dead! Oh God, Jacob! I’m proud of you! Please be careful…“ She wiped at tears running down her cheeks.
“Uncle Coby, it’s awesome knowing you’re leading Aquila. I wish I could go with you but I have my sights set on Mars in 2033—oh yeah!”
Vik walked up to his son Oleg and gave him a firm handshake then a bear hug. “Oleg, moy prekrasnyy syn. Ya skuchal po tebe. I missed you. I missed you!”
“Otets ya skuchel po tebe! I am so glad to be here. I’m going to space as soon as FKA will have me. I’m their best candidate. I need you to tell me the secret of climbing in that capsule without losing it—losing your cool. I need your nerves of steel, moy otets.”
“It’s all in practice and training, Oleg. You’ll never forget the first time that rocket ignites below you. It’s supreme fear and exhilaration!”
Abby approached her parents. “Greg and Kathy, so good of you to come to see me off.” She gave them each a peck on the cheek.
“You are always going off and going away. Do what you must and come home safely,” Kathy said with a glint of a tear in her eye.
Ellie ran to her step-sister, Olivia, and nearly bowled her over with a hug and kiss. “Mia cara Olivia, tu mi dai la luce dove mi sento il buio.”
“Rafaela, I’m so happy to be here to see you off but so afraid of the mission. Please tell me you will be safe and come home again!”
“We will be safe. We have trained so long to get this perfect. I would not go if I thought we weren’t coming back. Olivia, dear, are you expecting? You did not tell me…”
Two waiters in white coats took drink orders. The reunited families talked a long while and the volume grew. Ben Kirk, the NASA Flight Operations Director stepped up to the head of the long table set in linen and silver. Ben rapped on his water glass, “I want to invite you the table. It’s set with place names to get you seated for this farewell gathering.” The waiter opened two bottles each of merlot and sauvignon blanc to let them breathe.
“This is a special private affair where we want the Aquila crew to relax and enjoy the well wishes of the invited family and friends here with us tonight. This crew, as you know, has worked long and hard to prepare for this mission and sacrificed with too little time spent with their dear families over their six long years in mission preparation, design, and training.”
The waiters served an appetizer plate with jumbo gulf shrimp and Caesar salad. Now seated, Ben continued, “Aquila is the shining jewel of our human space exploration program. Its inspiration has accelerated our humans to Mars program by years. NASA and our partner agencies and nations are already benefiting from the technology boost this mission has caused. Without this mission, politicians and administrators would still be pushing deep space exploration off the visible horizon as it had been for so many years since Apollo. Aquila launches mankind to our new future in space! Without further ado, I would like Commander Brewster to say a few words. Coby, if you please.”
“Thanks, Ben. I’ll be brief so we can eat and enjoy the company of our loved ones before we go into our prescribed preflight isolation. I would like to raise a toast… For our families, we love you and always hold you dear. We pray that you will forgive our long absence but find it in your hearts to support us and this historic mission. The things we discover will prepare humans to leave the cradle of Earth and make a home in the heavens beyond. And, as I just heard from my nephew Adam, on to Mars in 2033—oh yeah!” Glasses clanked around the table and the wine was savored. “Please, let’s eat and relax.”
The dinner entree was surf and turf: Mahi-mahi with lemon butter, petit filet mignon, roasted garlic mashed potatoes, and sautéed green beans almandine. The wine was paired well and the bottles soon bottomed out. The waiter offered grapes, figs, cheese selections, and coffees after the mains were cleared.
Once again, Ben Kirk returned to ceremony from the head of the table. “As I have said, this crew worked hard over the last six years. Just to show you how hard they worked, we have this short documentary to show you.” He pressed a button on his remote, a screen rolled down, and the HD projector came alive with the image of the Aquila Mission patch and logos of NASA and partners. “This is the official Aquila Mission training documentary in the tradition of crews from Mercury to Apollo to ISS.”
What followed was a satire medley of pre-Apollo Disney space theme cartoon mini-clips featuring Woody Woodpecker, Chilly Willy, and Bugs Bunny juxtaposed to short clips of Coby, Vik, Abby, and Ellie as geeky youngsters, ISS astronauts gracefully floating through the space station, awkward moments in the NBL, and choice candid cell phone vids from their R&R trips. Ben himself narrated the satire. Ben had clandestinely solicited clips from archives, family, and each of the crew dishing dirt on their mates. It was all in fun and got them all laughing until it hurt.
Ben then closed the evening, “Family, it’s time to bring this evening to a close. Again, I thank you for coming. I know it means a lot to our crew. They will see you out to the van that will return you to your hotel.”
Coby, Vik, Abby, and Ellie said goodbye to their family each in their own way. Today’s outing and tonight’s dinner were the perfect sendoff. It was profound to be leaving not only friends and family but the beloved Green Hills of Earth.
Isolation
The Aquila Crew then entered isolation quarantine to avoid contracting any illness before their launch. This is a precaution before every mission, since the consequences of an astronaut getting sick in space are serious and could have mission impact. The crew had four days of extra precaution isolation before their “L-10” physical exam 10 days before launch. This exam included lab tests to make sure they were not already infected. Then they were in the final stretch passing the time with more mission sims and personal time to relax. Each crewmember finished putting together their PPK, personal preference kit, for the mission.
The contents of the PPK is limited to thirty separate items, with a total weight of one kilogram. The volume of the PPK is contained in a 15 × 25 × 8 centimeter fireproof Nomex bag provided by NASA. Separate from the PPK are crew care packages assembled by the psych support team as requested by the individual crewmember. This included personal items for their wellbeing such as favorite books, movies, family vids, music, holiday decorations, and favorite condiments. The Tarazed hab stored an enormous library of entertainment and VR programs. In addition, some personal items were manifested under necessary supplies. Each had personal clothing like an old college sweatshirt and favorite T’s included as part of their clothing allowance. They also had an OFK (Official Flight Kit) to put mementos for family members and their support team. They included crew patches and pins that they will give to those special people, when they return. They were not allowed to stash hordes for greedy mercenary collectors. An incident with the Apollo 15 crew turned scandal and put an end to any thoughts of astronauts seeking any small personal gain from souvenirs.
The crewmembers had their final L-1 physical and were pronounced fit to fly. With a light schedule, they had too much time on their hands now in the final twenty-four hours. There was only so much time they could spend in the gym. They did find solace in reading and answering well wishes from around the world: heads of state, space industry CEOs, NASA Director Grossmayer, factory line workers who labored building the components of Aquila, and best of all—family, and friends.

Kennedy Space Center
Operations and Checkout Building
July 4, 2023 4:30 AM EDT

Sleep was elusive that final night in Earth’s precious gravity. 0430 finally came. As a formality, Earl Jones, their assigned flight technician came to each of their rooms to get them up. “Breakfast at 0500.” They each had a long stretch, a quick shower, and jumped into their blue flight coveralls. The crew padded into breakfast separately at 0500 sharp. They sat at the crew table and helped themselves to coffee and juice. George, the cook came in. “Good morning! How would you like your steak and eggs today?”
“Medium rare and over easy.”
“Ditto.”
“Medium and over easy.”
Vik went last. “Rare and up. I want to savor this last meal before we switch to freeze dried fare. Ahh… The last meal like we are condemned men.” The others scowled. “Sorry, I didn’t mean that literally but we are destined to eat freeze dried food for our 400-plus mission days.”
Abby responded, “So upbeat, Vik! I accept that our meals of necessity will are freeze dried, but they have improved since we were up on ISS. We did have our say in the huge menu variety that will be stored on Tarazed. The Lobster Thermidor is my favorite, so if you don’t like that, there will be more for me!”
Their banter continued through breakfast. George’s steak and eggs were legendary and they did savor the meal. Earl Jones returned, “Suit-up begins in five. See you there.”
Earl and three other techs assisted in the suit-up as they had each time in the full-up sims. Soon they were in their orange spacesuits with helmets on and thumbs up for seal and life support. They were now on one hundred percent oxygen to purge their blood of nitrogen before going to one-half atmospheric pressure in Rigel en route to ISS and Altair. It was all routine, but seemed surreal today. They had trained so long. Now this is for real. Not just another trip up to ISS. This is Aquila!
“Your transport awaits.”
“Roger, ready for the strut.”
They exited the O&C to a throng of news cameras. Coby, Vik, Abby, and Ellie, walked out in single file, waving to the cameras. Coby trips on a rough edge on the over fifty year old concrete and almost falls. “Oops!” Vik catches him. “Got ya Commander!” They resume the strut and pause at the open door of the waiting transport van. Coby can feel his face red hot from embarrassment. No real harm. He hadn’t fallen on his face! They give thumbs up and smile for camera close-ups while the networks are buzzing with the clip of Coby’s slip. “What does this bode for the mission?” The van had large windows. Now seated and the van pulling away, they could see the SRS/Rigel fueled and waiting in the early morning sun. It is the largest rocket stack ever assembled. The sky was blue except for a few scattered cumulus clouds.
“Hey Launch, if we still have an open line, please have a look at that concrete patch in front of O&C. That trip could have made for a bad day.”
“Roger that, Commander.”
On a closed circuit Ellie comes in, “Coby, sorry you hurt your pride.”
“No harm done. I won’t let that spoil this beautiful day.”
It is a short ten-minute drive to Pad 39B. Earl and three other flight techs had arrived in another van. They were there to assist them into the launch tower elevator. The White Room and Rigel capsule are nearly forty stories up. The elevator did not move as fast as an express in an office building. It was a quiet four-minute ride up. They could see the Cape Canaveral shoreline and surf receding as they ascended. They could not smell the salt air—only the slightly metallic smell from the PLSS. It dawned on them that they had already left the Earth.
They exited the elevator and walked the length of the gantry into the White Room that caressed the Rigel capsule hatch like a jet-way embraces the fuselage doorway to a commercial jet plane. The White Room was just large enough to accommodate four astronauts and the four assisting flight techs. Ellie was first in. She maneuvered to lower couch LC2 and was strapped in by Earl. Next was Abby strapped into LC1. Vik was next, getting into upper couch UC2 and lastly Coby was strapped into UC1. He gave Earl thumbs up. Their small, ground PLSS units were left in the White Room as they were then connected to the Rigel life support and comms system.
The Launch Control Center (LCC) at KSC is used for the control of launches from Complex 39. This includes stack, fueling, and all pre-flight testing. The LCC is on the southeast corner of the VAB. Launch operations are supervised and controlled from the firing room. The Launch Director (LD or LAUNCH) is the head of the launch team, and is responsible for making the final “go” or “no go” decision for launch after polling the launch team. Responsibility for the booster and spacecraft remains with the LCC until the booster has cleared the launch tower. Then responsibility is passed to Mission Control Center at JSC, Houston. The Flight Director (FLIGHT), CAPCOM, and all other control positions are at Mission Control (HOUSTON). [51] The Rigel capsule maintains the call sign Altair for all deep space configurations.
“Launch, Altair. Comms and fuel status check.”
“Altair, Launch. Comms are five-by-five. Fuel status and pressures nominal. Begin check list 1A.”
“Roger, 1A. Escape tower set—engaged…”
Launch to ISS
Kennedy Space Center Pad 39B
Cape Canaveral, Florida
SRS/Rigel/OOS-2 Launch (Call sign Altair)
July 4, 2023
SRS Launch Time -00:10:00

“Altair, Launch. CGLS reports a sequencer anomaly. We are on hold. Repeat we are HOLD.”
“Launch, Altair. Roger hold.” Commander Brewster switches to internal comms only.
“Vik. This smells like the sim we went through last year.”
“Agree. Let’s see where they get before we call them on it.”
“OK, I’m going back to open comms.”
“Launch, Altair. Please give us the status of your sequencer.”
“Altair, standby. We have no resolve. Go-No-Go critical.”
“Launch, Altair standing by.” Coby goes internal comms again.
“Vik. This is sim déjà vu. Should we call the sim solution? This is not a sim and they are leaning to scrub.”
“I agree. The sim has run into reality. Give them the goods or we scrub.”
“Switching open comms.”
“Launch, Altair. Request a consult on the sequencer anomaly.”
“Altair, Launch. Proceed. We are loggerheads here.”
“Launch, request you recycle sequencer Master 1A. It worked on sim.”
“Altair. Standby… Recycle sequencer Master 1A. Standby…Three lights green. Repeat. Three lights green. Thanks Altair. It seems you were in sims that our crew missed. Resume count at T minus 10 Minutes.”
“Roger, Launch. Resume count. We are green for go at T minus 9:53.”
“We’re back to internal comms.”
“Coby, that was a good call. As long as we have trained, a real mission scrub would have been a bad day. I’m ready to get this one off the ground. Abby, Ellie, you’ve been professionally quiet. How is your pulse?”
Abby chimed in. “We are only allowed one glitch per day. I thought your stumble was it, but that sequencer anomaly was a doozy.”
Ellie said, “We are calm and relaxed but definitely ready to get it up!”
Abby responded, “Yeah. I’m all over that. Let’s get it up!”
“What was that you said about professionally quiet?”
“I’ve been laying here on my back thinking about riding the biggest rocket ever launched,” Abby added. “Stress meters on the smaller Block 1 SRS on the test flight registered violent shaking just before max-Q and 4 g’s just after. I hope the engineering fix for the pogo works. I’d hate to lose my steak and eggs.”
“That goes for all of us. We need to keep Rigel with that new car smell!”
“Altair, Launch. T minus 5:00 minutes. All pressures and syncs nominal. Houston syncs and comms nominal.”
“Launch, Altair. Roger nominal…”
… “Altair, Launch. The room is polled here and we are go at T minus 10-9-8-7-6-5-4-3 Core RT-26s ignition. Now solids. We have liftoff!”
The stack rose slowly and majestically. “Tower cleared. Houston, Launch. She’s your bird!”
“Launch, Houston. We have the con. Altair how do you read?”
“Houston, Altair. We read you five-by-five. Wow. What a ride! We do have pogo but it’s in tolerance.”
At that moment, the shock wave from the launch reached the VIP viewing stands: reporters, and cameras five kilometers from Pad 39B. The camera view shook. Those standing there were awed not only by the sight of the majestic launch but now the sudden violent chest—pounding roar of it. There was applause, cheers, and shouts of “Go! Go! Go!”
“Altair, Houston. Altitude eleven kilometers, nine down-range. Approaching max-Q.”
“Houston, Altair. Pogo increasing but in tolerance. Three g’s,” Coby replied in a low grunt.
“Max-Q passed. Mach 1.5… T + 1:30…
Mach 3.5… SRB separation in 10 seconds.”
“Houston, Altair. SRB separation confirmed! Quite a bang! Main core burn nominal.”
“Altair, Houston. T plus 8 minutes 30. Approaching MECO in 45 seconds.”
“Houston, Altair. Three g’s sustained. Mains nominal…MECO!…Core stage jettisoned…Orbit confirmed! What a ride.”
“Altair, Houston. Core stage away and firing for its fate over the Atlantic. Welcome to orbit.”
Like the rest of the massive SRS rocket, its engines will be used once and then burn up in the atmosphere. The vibration stopped and the g-forces gave way to glorious weightlessness.
“Comms internal. Crew report back.”
“Vik reporting A-OK.”
“Abby reporting A-OK.”
“Ellie reporting A-OK and glad to have that gorilla off my chest. Let’s go catch ISS!”
“We are certainly on track but not on the fast train. Our orbit trims and approach will take 38 hours and 29 minutes from this mark on the mission clock.”
“Enough time to do some sightseeing if Houston didn’t have every waking minute scheduled.”
“Houston, Altair. How do you see our orbit parameters?”
“Altair, Houston. Params show you are low to the eight-ball. We prescribe a mid-course burn next go round at T + 00:01:43. The burn details will be uploaded in five.”
“Houston, Altair. Roger…” “Comms internal.”
“We are internal. God! Look at that sunset. I’ve missed seeing that. Get your fill while we are in orbit. Where we’re going, Earth will only be a speck—Carl Sagan’s pale blue dot.”
Ellie interjected, “After six long years, hard work, and some well-deserved play, here we are on orbit again. It’s glorious!”
“Our ride only gets better from here,” Abby added. “Look there ahead in the Gulf. It’s Tropical Storm Celine. Look at those towering clouds. I wouldn’t want to be down there fishing just now.”
“We are T + one hour twenty-nine and coming up on the Florida coast. You can see the Cape to the north. I suppose the crowds are still fighting huge traffic jams—and look to the south—that brings back memories. Out at the west edge of the Atlantic blue is Key Largo and Key West framed by Cuba beyond.”
“Houston, Altair. We are T + one hour forty-two coming up on the mid-course burn you sent up. Checklist complete and GNC is auto.
“Altair, Houston. Copy, we concur with GNC auto…”
“Firing in 3-2-1… Burn looks good. We feel it the seat of the pants… Twelve seconds and—shut down. We are cruising to ISS. Crew, let’s get helmets and spacesuits stowed.”
“Roger that, Commander!”

CHAPTER 11 Crew Arrival and Altair Assembly at ISS LEO
“In more than one respect, the exploring of the Solar System and homesteading other worlds constitutes the beginning, much more than the end, of history.”
―Carl Sagan

The Aquila crew on Altair/Rigel with the fully fueled cryogenic OOS-2 massing 130 metric tons is on approach to ISS in low Earth orbit for final Altair assembly. The additional cryogenic stage, OOS-1 will be launched by a Peregrine Heavy. The OOS-1 cryo-stage is modified for fifty-two metric tons of propellants. It will be launched fully fueled for the mission then mated behind OOS-2. This stack will be docked with the arriving Tarazed and Libertas modules. The Tarazed Hab module loaded with its payload of 10 metric tons of consumables and the Libertas airlock module is stacked for launch by a United Rocket Gamma IV Heavy booster at Vandenberg. MMU-1 and MMU-2 are stowed inside the Libertas Module for launch. They will be moved and secured in their parking garage on the Nadir side of Libertas as a part of the Altair stack preparation at ISS.

SRS/Rigel/OOS-2 (Call sign Altair)
ISS Approach
July 6, 2023
T + 01:21:00:00

Altair used the V-bar approach from behind ISS. As the chaser, they fire CE (Co-Elliptical) thrusters to increase their velocity in the direction of ISS. This pushes the Altair to a higher orbit. To keep on the V-vector from behind, thrusters are fired in the radial HA (height adjustment) direction down to compensate. The initial V-bar thruster burns raised and refined Altair’s orbit to align the approach corridor with ISS from about twenty-four kilometers behind with 4.5 hours to rendezvous. After closing to within five kilometers of ISS, Altair then performed the HA2 Approach Initiation burn. The ISS crew was actively monitoring the Altair’s arrival. This six-second burn brought Altair to two hundred-fifty meters from ISS. During the close approach phase, navigation was aided by Altair’s relative navigation system. Altair arrives and holds one hundred-fifty meters from ISS dynamically positioned (DP) by computer proximity sensors.
“Houston, Altair. We are on station with ISS and standing by.”
“ISS, Altair. We are on station and holding by DP. Altair is standing by on dynamic positioning for OOS-1 and Tarazed arrival.”
“Altair, ISS. Phoenix 109 piloted by Frank Dow will come to ferry you over at 14:28 UT.”
After the ferry ride, the Aquila crew gracefully floated through the hatch from the Quest airlock into the ISS followed by Frank Dow. The Expedition 62 crew onboard ISS greeted the Aquila crew like arriving VIPs. Commander Helen Craig spoke first and reached out to shake Coby’s hand. “Commander Brewster, Aquila crew, welcome back to ISS. Your mission and what follows are the reason ISS was constructed and crewed all these years. I’m Helen Craig. This is Andre Amherst, Satoshi Fukoshima, and Elena Petrov. Perhaps introductions aren’t necessary especially for your backup crew. We welcome you as honorary members of ISS Expedition 62 and offer you our mission patch.”
Coby winked and smiled at Elena. “We are honored to be here. Let me introduce Pilot/Engineer Vik Ivanov, Flight Surgeon Abby Denton, and Captain Ellie Accardi our Astrogeologist.” There were handshakes then warm hugs of greeting. “Please accept these Aquila Mission patches as tokens of our visit.”
“Awesome! There’s no better souvenir of your stay. Now let’s get you stowed in your quarters. Then join us in the galley for a special meal.”
“Tomorrow we plan to give you a good stretch of your space legs. We have, for your trial, the new micro-g stress exercise rig and new closed system life support equipment identical to those on Aquila.”
From afar, Coby had followed Elena’s career as a veteran astronaut. She had made her first trip to ISS in 2021. In their most recent correspondence six months ago, Coby had learned that Elena would be on her second ISS tour when the Aquila prime crew arrived. Some time ago, Coby learned that Elena had a son back in 2018. She also referred to an engineer, Anatoli Pushkin, that she had been seeing in Moscow. The news seemed to distance him from Elena in an awkward way. Ellie Accardi is professional and does not comment or feign to care about the past that Coby and Elena shared.

International Space Station
Altair Deep Space Vehicle Stack Maneuver
10:13 UT
July 15, 2023

OOS-1 launches from KSC Pad 39C and Tarazed launches from Vandenberg on schedule. It takes two days for orbital maneuvers to ISS for rendezvous with Altair.
“Houston, Altair. We have hard-dock with Libertas. Three bars green. Synchronizing connections and comms…”
Tarazed looks very majestic with her solar panel arrays deployed. At one hundred fifteen meters, the total stack for the Altair Deep Space Vehicle is the longest on—orbit vehicle ever assembled. It is longer even than ISS at one hundred nine meters. It is the culmination of years of engineering and construction and three heavy lift launches. Two additional heavy lifts previously sent Deneb and Vega sailing to their objectives.
The Aquila crew takes stock of the accomplishment of assembling Altair. The fueled Altair stack cost tremendous Earth based resources to construct, launch, and assemble in low Earth orbit. It is only the beginning. Future crews will have their vehicles and propellants manufactured in space from in situ solar system resources. Looking ahead to the human exploitation and colonization of the solar system, Dr. Philip Metzger suggested that “a space-industrial economy can be built quickly and without huge Earth spending. The technologies of AI and 3D printing will drive a robotic economy that will bootstrap itself quickly to industrialize the solar system [utilizing in situ resources from asteroids]. In a few decades, the total mass of space industrial assets will be in the millions of metric tons and expanding at rates far in excess of our Earth-based economies.[52]“
“Houston, Altair. Libertas and Tarazed pressures equalized with Altair/Rigel. Prep to open Libertas air lock for initial inspection.”
“Altair, Houston. Roger, welcome to your new home sent to you by special delivery.”
The Aquila crew enters Tarazed for the first time. From a dim safety lighting mode, Coby toggles the main hab lights. They float in slow motion and admire the look and feel of the Hab. It is a generation newer than ISS and has that “new car smell.” Coby, Vik, Abby and Ellie float the length of the hab admiring the reality of the systems they helped design and configure.
“This is home, sweet home. It’s a few years past 2001 but we are finally here! CASSI, please play Strauss’ Blue Danube Waltz.”
The onboard AI, CASSI, complies, “Affirmative.”
Ellie takes Coby’s hand and they do some graceful tumbles with the music in celebration. Abby and Vik join in. The microgravity dance is a special way to savor what they have accomplished and set their minds to the mission ahead.
After their initial inspection, they shuttle back to ISS.

International Space Station
Altair Deep Space Vehicle (station-keeping)
12:15 UT
July 15, 2023

The Aquila backup crew shuttle over to the Altair to do a complete preliminary systems check run through with Houston. The MMU-1 and MMU-2 were stowed inside the Libertas Module for launch. After the systems check, the backup crew performs an EVA to move and secure the MMUs in their parking garage on the nadir side of Libertas. On this same EVA, they do a close inspection of the crucial docking seals to Libertas.
After the EVA, Aquila backup crew board Phoenix to join pilot Frank Dow for a detailed photography recon of the Altair stack. They again look visually for any concerns not revealed by the electronic sensors used to dock and mate the modules. The backup crew then shuttle back to ISS for the last time before Aquila prime leave orbit for deep space. Commander Trask looks back at Altair with pangs of regret.
Jacob Petrov
International Space Station
21:15 UT
July 18, 2023

Elena Petrov seeks out Coby to say farewell. She arranged to meet Coby in the ISS Cupola. The rest of the crew knew they needed their space and gave them privacy. Rafaella Accardi, Ellie, respected that Coby previously had feelings and history with Elena. Yet, the fact that Elena was here meeting with Coby raised feelings of jealousy. She was confident that Coby’s relationship with Elena was safely in the past. Ellie knew that Coby had the love and passion for her that gave him the strength and will to complete their mission ahead. This meeting will not derail that…
The Cupola gave Coby and Elena the most spectacular view of Earth either of them could remember. They were on the night side of orbit with the city lights of the Gulf coast twinkling. Hurricane Celine was immense in the Gulf Mexico heading for Brownsville, Texas. It would miss Houston by a comfortable margin.
“Look at that lightning in Hurricane Celine! The blue-white flashes are popping like camera flashes at a rock concert. I wonder if we are getting any of the gamma ray bursts that has recently been discovered with sprites above lightning in space.” Just then, a meteor streamed through the atmosphere below them and burned up in a bright flash. “Wow! Double fireworks for your sendoff!”
They held each other for a sweet moment to say goodbye.
“Tell your son that Commander Brewster wishes him and his mother all the happiness the stars can give. What have you named him?”
“He is Jacob Petrov, named after his famous father, Commander Brewster.”
Coby was taken aback. “What! You didn’t tell me! When? But how?”
“It happened in San Francisco, my darling. It wasn’t planned, but yes, you have given me a son. He means more to me than everything I have accomplished in my career. I didn’t tell you earlier because you had to focus on preparation for this great mission. We were never meant to be together. I told you that in the beginning and I mean that now. I am honored and grateful for the time we had together. I cherish the sweet memories. Anatoli is my best friend. He loves Jacob as his own but we will never marry. I am married to my career as an astronaut.” Elena then said with tears in her eyes, “Dasvedanya moy medved’.” She had a feeling that Coby was leaving the Earth for the last time.
“Dasvedanya zvezda moya.” With that and a brief kiss, they parted once again. Coby drifted away but looked back and waved meekly to Elena. She could see he had teared up also. His emotions were mixed. He was feeling the joy of his memories with Elena, the joy in news that she’d had his son, the joys he looked forward to with Ellie and his crew, and not just a little fear of the unknown.
When Ellie saw Coby return to the Tranquility Module from his tête-à-tête with Elena, she saw that he was emotional. This set off her feminine alarm bells and the pang of jealousy she felt earlier was magnified. “Commander Brewster, just what did Elena say to you? You’ve said that you don’t have feelings for her, but, but, just look at you! You can’t hide it.”
“Ellie, no I can’t hide that what she said touched me with her sincere well wishes and concerns for the mission. She reinforced that we were never meant to be together. I agreed with her but stopped short of telling her about you and me because of the mission with the world watching. Elena is with an engineer in Moscow named Anatoli Pushkin.”
“All right, Commander Brewster. I won’t press you for more, but I can tell that there is more to it than that.”
With that she shoved off and glided away through Unity to the Destiny lab. Coby knew better than to pursue her right now. He would tell the rest when the time was right and hoped to God that she would understand.

CHAPTER 12 The Path to Discovery
“I may say that this is the greatest factor: the way in which the expedition is equipped, the way in which every difficulty is foreseen, and precautions taken for meeting or avoiding it. Victory awaits him who has everything in order… Defeat is certain for him who has neglected to take the necessary precautions in time…”
―Roald Amundsen

The Altair Deep Space Vehicle Trans-Bennu Injection (TBI) launch commit is contingent on nominal Deneb and Vega resupply module launch and trajectory. Vega launched May 15, 2023, sixty-five days before TBI. Deneb launched June 20, 2023, twenty-nine days before TBI. The Aquila Mission depended on Deneb and Vega resupply modules being deployed and waiting for Altair arrival. Deneb is due to be in Bennu parking orbit one week before Altair arrival. Deneb and Vega are sailing smoothly. Minor mid-course burns have kept them on precise trajectories to their targets. Altair is stacked fully fueled on orbit and ready for deep space.

Station-Keeping at ISS LEO
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
Trans-Bennu Injection
July 19, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time -00:00:10:00

As per mission protocol, the Aquila crew is in helmets, in their orange spacesuits, and strapped into their couches on Rigel. They took time to run through the TBI checklists carefully. Each member of the crew had systems to check.
“Houston, Altair. All systems checked and rechecked. We are ready at TBI minus ten minutes and counting.”
“Altair, Houston, we read you checked and concur on our consoles. You weather looks fine today.”
“Altair, ISS. Godspeed brave crew of Aquila. Smooth sailing. We’ll see you back in a few short days. Bring us back some space rocks.” The ISS crews were huddled in the Cupola and visible to the Aquila crew. They saluted one another.
“ISS, Altair. Thanks Helen. Thank you and the Expedition 62 and 63 crews for your warm hospitality. We’re ready for the deep…”
“Houston, Altair, we are go on all checklist items at TBI minus 20 seconds and counting…”
“Altair, Houston, we read you go for TBI and ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one…”
“OOS-1 ignition confirmed. We are at 80 percent thrust and ready for throttle-up in 20 seconds.”
GNN has the largest audience in its history watching and following the departure of the Aquila Mission. Science anchor Kate Turner narrates their feed. There was an HD video system set up in Cupola to record the TBI burn and broadcast the image to Houston as the world watched. The ISS crews could see the OOS-1 burn as a translucent blue cone extending about ten meters beyond the RL10B engine bell. The engine bell was glowing dull orange with the heat of the LH2 and LOX thrust. The Altair Deep Space Vehicle was gaining speed and diminishing from the ISS perspective. The video camera system was automatically tracking and zooming on the Altair.
“Altair, Houston, Roger, program throttle-up in…3-2-1… We read you 100 percent.”
“Houston, Altair. Roger, 100 percent throttle and 350 seconds OOS-1 burn remaining before on-orbit staging. OOS-2 pressure nominal and ready for staging…”
The crew was experiencing acceleration increasing to 2 g’s pressing them into their couches on Rigel. This seemed immense after two weeks of microgravity. Those two weeks on orbit did not count on the Aquila Mission clock. That clock began with OOS-1 ignition.
“Altair, Houston. We read you go for staging…OOS-1 shut down in 3-2-1…”
“Houston, Altair, OOS-1 shut down and confirm jettison…” The crew are at 0 g and ready for the next kick in the pants. “OOS-2 ignition sequence start. Confirm OOS-2 ignition.” The acceleration rises to 3 g’s with the loss of mass of OOS-1 jettison.
“Altair, Houston. We copy OOS-2 ignition. We are tracking OOS-1 and will nudge her to L2 to use another day. Remaining OOS-2 TBI burn: 190 seconds…”
At 3 g’s acceleration, it is harder to breathe. In addition, Ellie had an unshakeable lump in her throat from the raw emotion of launching into deep space to study her asteroid and a comet!
Escape velocity from LEO is 10.9 km/s. They are already accelerating past escape velocity at 13.9 km/s with the boost from OOS-1. The Altair started with orbital velocity of approximately 8 km/s (28,800 km/h) at LEO. They will be traveling at 20.4 km/s or 73,040 km/h relative to Earth at the end of the OOS-2 burn.
“Houston, Altair, OOS-2 shut down confirmed on schedule. Eighty percent OOS-2 propellant remaining. On the mark.” Forty-two metric tons LH2 and LOX remain for orbit maneuvers.
“Altair, Houston. We copy OOS-2 shut down and eighty percent propellant load left in the tanks. Congratulations Altair! You are traveling faster relative to Earth than any humans in history. You will pass the orbit of the Moon in five hours twenty minutes and then on to deep space. You are on trajectory to Bennu.”
“We copy!”
“Switching to comms internal. We are cruising to Bennu at last!”
Ellie responded, “Roger that Commander!”
Abby added, “Wow. Microgravity never felt so good.”
Vik’s historic words. “We are bookin’! Past the Moon in five hours. From TLI, it took Apollo fifty-two hours to reach lunar orbit on the slow train.”
“First order of business—Let’s check pressure and seal integrity Rigel to Libertas and Libertas to Tarazed. Those seals took a lot of torque with the same g’s we felt on TBI. Our lives depend on those seals holding perfectly. Read the strain gauge recordings for the whole burn and look for anomalies. Read the pressures for any microbar changes. Keep your helmets on for now.”
Vik responded, “Working it. The strain shows that we took port yaw followed by starboard yaw to redline at staging. Delta-P in Libertas dropping 15 microbar per minute on all three gauges compared to Rigel and Tarazed. Solar panel generation is nominal. We need to address this Libertas seal leak.”
“Can we isolate which seal is leaking? Libertas to hab or Libertas to Rigel? If we don’t get this under control, we are going to have to do a burn to abort and go home. We do have about three weeks of life support here in Rigel.”
Abby and Ellie remain quiet to let Coby and Vik try to engineer a solution. They look at each other and reach across the gap to hold hands.
“Readouts indicate that the leak is at the docking adapter ring from Rigel to Libertas. Perhaps we can fix this Coby. At least we have some options to try, starting with release and re-engaging of Rigel hard dock.”
“OK. Let’s consult Houston.”
“Houston, Altair, Houston, Altair come back.”
“Altair, Houston. We are reading you.”
“Houston, Altair, we took some yaw at staging and now have a minor air leak at the Rigel to Libertas docking ring. Request permission to release and re-engage Rigel hard dock to get the seal reestablished.”
“Altair, Houston. Copy your leak and suggestion to re-engage hard dock. Standby.”
“Altair standing by.”
Vik comments offline. “Coby. The leak is increasing to 20 microbars per minute.”
“Altair, Houston. We concur with re-engaging hard dock. Proceed. Houston, out.”
“Roger Houston. Altair proceeding with re-engaging hard dock. Altair out.” Offline, “OK Vik, let’s do it by the book. Depressurize Libertas and re-engage hard dock.”
“OK. CASSI, please depressurize the Libertas module.”
“Affirmative. Depressurizing the Libertas module. Estimated time five minutes to zero pressure…0.5 bar… 0.3 bar…0.1 bar… Libertas at zero pressure.”
“CASSI, please retract hooks on Rigel docking ring, and realign HCS guide pins.”
“Affirmative. Retracting hooks.” They hear crunching and servos whirring. “Retracted. Realigning HCS guide pins…HCS guide pins realigned.”
“CASSI, please re-engage hard dock with hooks.”
“Affirmative. Re-engaging hard dock.” More crunching, banging, and whirring servos. “Hard dock re-engaged.”
“CASSI, please repressurize the Libertas module and equalize pressure to both Rigel and Libertas.”
“Affirmative. Repressurizing the Libertas module. Estimated time five minutes to equalize pressures…0.1 bar…0.3 bar…0.5 bar…0.8 bar…Libertas at equalized pressure.”
“OK. CASSI monitor pressure and report status every minute.”
“Affirmative. Pressures are stable at MET 31:00.”
Coby says, “Thanks CASSI. Crew let’s hope we got a fix. Keep your helmets on for a while longer.”
Abby reports, “We’re fine but hopeful we can get out of here soon.” She gives Ellie’s hand a squeeze.
“Pressures are stable at MET 32:00… MET 33:00… MET 34:00… MET 35:00…”
“OK. I think we have the leak fixed but we’ll continue to monitor it closely. Crew, let’s get helmets and spacesuits stowed and get settled into our new home.”
Coby opens comms. “Houston, Altair. Hard dock re-engaged and pressures holding.”
“Altair, Houston. Roger. Good show. Keep monitoring and let us know when you are ready for the network tour. Networks are standing by. Houston out.”
“Roger. Altair out. OK, comms internal.”
Offline Ellie says, “Unbuckled, thank God. That seat was getting smaller as you worked the leak. I know Rigel is bigger than Apollo but the prospect of spending an unknown number of days or weeks in here knowing that our hab and mission are just beyond that hatch was beginning to make me want to scream.”
As they unsuit, Vik, always analyzing and pragmatic, adds, “I’m with you on that. What I’m still troubled with is that we have at least eight more burns between midcourse, insertion, and injection burns to stress our docking rings.”
Coby is the voice of calm and reason. “Let’s not fret it. We will work each one with caution. No one of those burns will be as mechanically stressing as the TBI with staging we just endured to get to Earth escape. We can initiate each burn at a lower throttle and bring it up slowly to minimize torque. We’ve got a big mission ahead of us. It’s all good.”
Their spacesuits are carefully stowed them below the couches on Rigel. Their EVA spacesuits are stored in Tarazed just inside the hatch to Libertas.
Network Altair Tour
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
July 19, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 00:00:43:00

“OK crew, prepare to open the hatches to our new home. I am toggling on the video feed cameras and lights in Rigel, Libertas, and Tarazed. We will be live to Houston and the world as we do our grand entrance. Let’s keep it a bit more low key than our space dance back at ISS. Abby and Ellie will pass first followed by Vik and finally me.”
“Houston, Altair. We have completed Libertas and Tarazed systems checks and are ready to open hatches and debark Rigel. The video feeds are on and sending to you. How do you read?”
“Altair, Houston. Radio check reading five-by-five. Stand-by on the video check…Video is negative. Let us work down here a few…OK, we have it up now from DSN. The networks are standing by for our feed. GNN has had their chatter on since TBI. They will eat the video with relish. Ready when you are.”
“Houston, Altair. Start your network feed.”
“Altair, Houston. You are on in 3-2-1…”
“Houston, Altair. Abby Denton and Ellie Accardi are undogging the hatch to Libertas now. We have checked pressure and seal integrity from the Rigel capsule to the Libertas docking module and the seal from Libertas to the Tarazed Habitat. Those seals took a lot of torque and g-force during our rocket boost to deep space. Our lives depend on those seals holding perfectly for the duration of our voyage. We are traveling at 20.4 kilometers per second or 73,000 kilometers per hour relative to Earth. That’s faster than any humans in history. We will pass the orbit of the Moon in only four hours. We are on a trajectory to deep space to study asteroid Bennu and a comet 125P! There we have it. The hatch is open. Take it away Abby and Ellie.”
“Thanks Commander Brewster—Coby. My name is Abby. I’m the ship’s doctor. I am now floating into the Libertas docking module. It doubles as our airlock for going on an EVA or spacewalk to do work outside. Our astrogeologist, Ellie is now floating into the Libertas module with me. I’ll let her take the mic while I open the hatch to the Tarazed Habitat.”
“Thanks Abby. I would like to share with you another great feature of the Libertas module. It has a view port to see space outside the Altair deep space vehicle. We are in an orientation now where I can see Earth to the left and the Moon to the right in the view port. I’m going to take the video camera from its mount and show you… Earth is rapidly getting smaller… and the Moon is getting perceptibly bigger in the hour and a half since we left low Earth orbit… OK. Now I’ll remount the camera so you can see that Abby has the hatch to Tarazed open… In we go!”
The cameras have views from several angles of Abby and Ellie floating into Tarazed followed by Vik and Coby. As experienced space flight veterans, they all showed their ease with microgravity. They moved as smoothly as a ballet.
“I’m Vik Ivanov, Pilot and Aquila Mission Engineer. EVA development is one of my specialties. Since EVA science is critical to this mission, I want to show you our stowed EVA spacesuits just here inside the hatch to Tarazed. There is an EVA suit for each of us and spares to replace or repair critical parts. The PLSS or life support system, gives us up to seven hours of EVA time outside. On my first EVA, I will be going out to inspect the solar panel arrays.”
Abby took the narration, “This forward hab section accommodates the medical and exercise bays. I helped design the medical bay to take care of our potential needs 100 million kilometers from Earth. Those needs can only be met with what we have in this medical section. The exercise bay is medically important also. Since our muscles can atrophy in weightlessness we call microgravity, I am prescribing two hours a day of exercise in this facility. It was developed on the International Space Station. The active resistance harness simulates gravity for all major muscle groups. As anyone who works out at the gym can attest, boredom can make the best intentions fall short of achieving exercise goals. There are virtual reality feedback sensors that integrate motion with VR programming and latest generation Oculus Rift VR Headset. That sounds complicated and it is state-of-the-art. The system gives the user an almost endless choice of exercise virtual reality simulations in some of the most spectacular scenery on Earth. You can be rock climbing in Colorado, trekking in Nepal, swimming through coral reefs, or flying over rain forests using your arms as wings.”
“Vik, will you show us the multi-media 3-D printer on the fore end of the work bay?”
“Sure. The future of living in deep space will depend on 3D printing technology on all scales. Raw materials will be sourced in situ from an asteroid or comet. With today’s technology, habitats on the Moon or Mars can be 3D printed from local resources. For Aquila, having a 3D printer for spares that could not be stacked in the storage bay like an auto parts store was deemed mission critical. We can’t predict every possibility for parts failure. With this multi-media 3D printer, we can make any one of thousands of spares in three basic materials as needed. Polyamide is a strong and flexible material that prints in high level of detail. It uses a fine, white powder as a source material. Titanium is very light and is the strongest of all 3D printing materials. Titanium objects are made from titanium dioxide powder sintered together by a laser. Ceramic 3D printing is accomplished using common silica-alumina powders. The produced objects are heat resistant and insulating for electrical and extreme temperature use.”
“Thanks Vik. Now, Ellie will you please take us to the galley, workstation, and communications bay?”
“The galley is the social center of the hab. We will be on rotating schedules but we will schedule one meal together every day to relax and discuss work schedules, concerns, and life back home on Earth. We can watch the latest football game in the galley. To the aft or back of the hab, we have tons of food stored. We will have about one week’s worth of food sorted into these galley bins for ready use. Much of our food is freeze dried and reconstituted with hot or cold water from the life-support system. Some of the food is cooked to taste in this microwave-convection oven. The food selection and quality has greatly improved since the Apollo days. Coby, I see you want to speak.”
“Crew, that’s a good tour so far. You can see we are eager to show off our new home.”
“Houston, Altair. Communications check.”
“Altair, Houston. Voice and video is five-by-five on this end. The networks are taking the feed. It’s been a long time since the complacency of the later Apollo missions. ISS carries pride but is in a routine low Earth orbit presence. Deep space has fired the world’s imagination. Please proceed with the tour but Kate Turner at GNN asks you to give us more action.”
“OK. Vik, show us the work area.”
“Thanks Coby. In the work bay opposite the galley, we have our workstations, computer interfaces, research, and entertainment centers. The bay contains our mainframe computers and memory, and communications hub. The mainframe computer is an AI artificial intelligence entity named CASSI which stands for Cybernetic Artificial Space System Intelligence.[53] We can interface with CASSI by keyboard or voice. Communications is an aspect where we depart from ISS for life in deep space. Right now, our light speed communications delay is about one second one-way from here to Earth. As we get to Bennu and beyond, two-way light speed time delay will be up to thirty-two minutes. Real time conversation won’t be possible. We’ll get our Earth communication as digital file transmissions—text, voice, and video. Our replies will be similar file transmissions. Even though we will be more independent than any previous astronaut crew, Earth communication will be vital. The mainframe computer in this bay has our intranet with a huge digital database of technical data and general knowledge duplicated from Earth’s internet. This includes a vast store of entertainment files that can be accessed on demand. We have not just terabytes, but petabytes of data storage. We have a nearly limitless variety and depth of movie and music and technical files. We hold knowledge stores far larger than the entire Library of Congress. For new data, the deep space network can transfer information on request at 600 megabits per second.”
Coby broke in, “Kate Turner wants to see some action in space. Abby, cue 2001. Make it so.”
“Aye aye Commander, but you’re mixing your metaphors! Our latest generation artificial intelligence computer interface responds to my voice. Hey CASSI, play The Blue Danube Waltz” The Blue Danube Waltz plays in surround stereo. “Vik, may I have this dance?”
“Da!” They gently push off the deck and glide in microgravity slow motion rolls and synchronized flips in time to the music. Coby gestures subtly to Ellie to stay put. He and Ellie smile for the cameras but don’t join the dance. Coby figured that all four of them rolling in the confined space was asking for collision trouble on live TV.
After about 30 seconds of the well-executed dance, Coby directs, “Hey CASSI, stop the music and thank you.”
“You are welcome Commander.” Abby and Vik glide to a stop by grabbing handholds around the work bay.
“We have the option of using CASSI’s voice command or using a keyboard interface for all of our computer involved tasks from anywhere on Altair. Let’s move on to more personal areas of the hab, the hygiene bay, our sleeping modules, and the all-important life support system. Abby please continue.”
“The closed system life support developed for ISS was made more efficient and compact for this long duration deep space mission. The main part of the system is in this section. It keeps our air with just the right amount of oxygen and humidity and removes excess CO2. Almost everything is recycled. Even our urine is purified to pure drinking water. The crew hygiene bay is located here. Bathing, urinating, and defecation in zero-g will never be elegant. The same systems we used on ISS were refined and put in this space. Behind a privacy screen, urination is done with this gentle vacuum device. Each of us has a personal urine receptacle designed for male or female. Defecation is in this small vacuum toilet where solids are automatically dehydrated, compressed into airtight bags and containers. Bathing is done in this small compartment where we use minimal water and a special washcloth. Suction recovers the water and recycles it. An absolute must for this hygiene area is that each of us thoroughly cleans up after using the facilities.[54] There is no maid service and we have to get along for the whole mission. Beyond personal hygiene, you may be wondering how we do our laundry. You may be amazed to learn that even on ISS in this scientifically advanced age, there is no way to do laundry. It’s tough and smelly duty to have to wear a change of underwear for a full week to make your supply last for a full mission. That plan would be less than acceptable for our thirteen-month mission. This small unit is a high tech super-closed system dry cleaning machine. Each of us can do a small load of laundry as needed. Ellie, will you discuss the sleep modules?”
“Thanks Abby. Opposite the hygiene bay are four sleep modules. Each is about the size of a phone booth and is our personal retreat space. We haven’t moved in yet. I think some designer wallpaper is in order. Each sleep module is a wedge that opens at this hatch and expands to 1.5 meters wide toward the outer hull. Polyethylene foam lines and separate the modules for radiation shielding and soundproofing. There are computer and communication ports giving video and music entertainment. There is ample personal storage space in the headspace. Ventilation provides complete flow through cabin air exchange so we sleep like babes.”
Coby takes the storage bay. “At the aft or rear of the habitat we have our vital food and consumables storage bay. It’s the largest bay in the habitat since it has enough food, water, and oxygen to last for the thirteen-month mission. The stores are very organized in Nomex fireproof bags and labeled lockers for ready access. Occasionally, a flare outburst on the Sun sends an extremely fast and energetic wave of radiation that can threaten us. The entire hab is radiation shielded but there is not enough shielding to weather a solar storm except in here. Our food and water stores will stop the hard solar radiation so we can hunker down in here if necessary.”
“So, Houston and our audience from around the world, now you’ve seen our home for this deep space mission. This is the first deep space mission for humankind. We go to open up exploration of the solar system—our new home in space.”
“Altair, Houston. We’ll leave you now to get moved in and settled into the Tarazed hab. We’ll see you at communication check in two hours.”
“Houston, Altair. Roger. Thanks and out.”
Treason
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
July 19, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 00:01:33:00

“OK crew, good show. I hope the networks and Earth audience enjoyed our Altair tour. Frankly, I thought it was premature since we hadn’t gone through our post-TBI check lists. I’m sure that our backup crew was very thorough with their checks back at ISS. However, we have to recheck systems stem to stern to make sure the g-forces didn’t wreak havoc. Each of us has an assigned list. Also, it’s time to unpack and stow your PPKs in your sleep module and hygiene kit in the hygiene bay. Let’s get on it now.”
Ellie responded, “We’re on it Commander. It’s so quiet in here. CASSI, please play Enigma LSD.”
“It is my pleasure, Ellie.” CASSI’s voice is pleasantly female with an untraceable accent somewhere between Midwest US to Yorkshire. She is definitely not from the Siri selections.
“Well that sets a mood. Just the thing to work through our checklists.”
Vik checked Rigel and the Libertas module. Abby had medical, exercise, and life support bays. Coby was on the work bay for checks on workstations, computer interfaces, mainframe computers, and communications hub. Ellie took the sleep modules, hygiene bay, and main storage bay. All was routine giving the crew peace and confidence at this moment of the outbound phase of the mission.
Vik’s first order of business was to put Altair dynamically positioned in an orientation with the aft end always pointing toward Earth to maintain high-gain antenna communication. The solar arrays auto-track an optimum orientation to the Sun.
They were all busy in their tasks and enjoying the music. Abby broke the reverie. “CASSI, stop the music. Coby, please come here to the life support bay.”
“What is it, Abby?”
“CASSI, display the life support subroutine LS-294 uploaded July 15, 2023.”
“On display.”
“When is this subroutine scheduled to activate?”
“Today at Mission Elapsed Time 00:05:12:00.”
“What is the task activation in this subroutine?”
“Vent primary water stores to prepare for recharge from Deneb resupply module.”
Coby interrupts, “Abby, this is incredulous! Obviously, this is sabotage that would leave us dying a slow death before we get to Deneb.”
Left unsaid were the details they knew all too well. The cell stack in the Oxygen Generation Module Assembly electrolyzes water provided by the Water Recovery System (WRS) and main water supply. This yields vital oxygen for cabin atmosphere. Hydrogen as a byproduct is vented overboard. Without the water, their oxygen supply would also run out.
“CASSI, who had login access to upload this subroutine?”
“Commander Robert Trask was logged in and uploaded this subroutine at 13:38 UT July 15, 2023 while Altair was station-keeping at ISS.”
“Unreal! CASSI, are there any other subroutines uploaded that day when Commander Trask was on board?”
Just then, Vik broke in on the intercom from Rigel. “Coby, you’ve got to see this. I’ve got a bogie subroutine OOS-1-294 here that I can’t identify.”
“Vik, we have problems here too. CASSI is running analysis. CASSI, display subroutine OOS-1-294 and describe its task.”
“I located this same subroutine on your date search request. It was uploaded by Commander Trask at 13:41 UT July 15, 2023. The task activated by this subroutine is to perform OOS-2 stage separation today at Mission Elapsed Time 00:05:12:00.”
“Unbelievable! Two ways to die a slow death! Without OOS-2, we would have no way to do any rendezvous or return to Earth. How did Trask think he was going to get away with this? He’s not getting away with it and we are going to get back on the smooth sailing path. CASSI, are there any other subroutines loaded when the backup crew were on board July 15 back at ISS?”
“Negative.”
“CASSI, dump both of these routines with time and login stamps to a file for me to send to Houston.”
“Completed. The file, Anomaly294, is on your desktop. Your channel is open to Mission Control.”
“Houston, Altair. Urgent communication…”
“Altair, Houston. We read you have urgent traffic.”
“Roger. I’m sending you a digital data file, Anomaly 294. File sent. It is evidence of deliberate mission sabotage in the form of rogue subroutines designed to doom Aquila by dumping our water and OOS-2 four days from now. Please analyze the file and confirm the sabotage. Then, I suggest you get Commander Trask quietly off of ISS and into custody back on Earth.”
“Altair, Houston. The room is in shock. Give us a moment to receive and analyze the file.”
“Houston, Altair. Standing by…”
“Altair, Houston. We are still in shock down here. The file confirms subroutine LS-294 was uploaded into Life Support and subroutine OOS-2-294 was uploaded into Rigel at 13:38 and 13:41 UT respectively on July 15, 2023 by Commander Trask. This situation is unprecedented. However, the Space Treaty provides the current ISS Mission Commander, Helen Craig, full authority to implement an emergency evac of the Aquila backup crew. Commander Craig will inform the Aquila backup crew with a plausible reason for evac while Pilot Frank Dow readies the Phoenix. We are alerting the recovery crew and vessel on recovery prime location off Hawthorne, California. FBI are being dispatched by helicopter to put Commander Trask in custody.”
“Mission control requests that you put your inertial platform and TBI and trajectory vitals into backup. Then do a system restore-state to July 15 before Commander Trask and crew boarded Altair.”
“Houston, Altair. Roger, we have run sims on restore-state with CASSI and the mainframe several times. We will report back when complete.”
“Comms internal. Crew, report to the work bay immediately.”
Vik was on his way gliding into Tarazed. Abby was there having discovered the first rogue subroutine. Ellie just joined in having heard the traffic with Houston. “My God! Trask wanted us dead! Was he that jealous that we were chosen as prime crew and on our way to Bennu?”
Coby cut that off, “We can’t speculate on motive. That will be for the courts when they get Trask back on Earth. I am most grateful to the three of you and CASSI for being so vigilant on the checklists that you found these bogie subroutines and averted the doom of us and this mission. We aren’t totally out of the weeds yet. We need to put our navigation inertial platform and TBI and trajectory vitals into backup. Then do a system restore-state to July 15 before Commander Trask and his crew boarded Altair. Not only must we purge rogue subroutines with the restore-state but after that we need to immediately restore our navigation. Altair nav must know where we are and know all our trajectory details from TBI to our course to Bennu.”
“ CASSI, do you copy?”
“Yes, Commander I understand. Backup navigation from TBI initiate to now and restore-state for main-frame to before July 15, then restore navigation.”
“Thank you CASSI. Execute on my command. First, Vik, do a manual nav backup.”
“It’s already done Coby. I did that as soon as I discovered the rogue subroutine.”
“CASSI, execute nav backup and restore-state now.”
“Working…Standby… Completed Commander.”
“CASSI, Display inertial platform alignment and our trajectory to Bennu.”
“On screen Commander.”
“CASSI, open channel to Mission Control.”
“Open.”
“Houston, Altair. Restore-state and backup complete. Please compare our nav with your realizations.”
“Altair, Houston. Roger. Verifying… Nav checks to five decimals accuracy.”

International Space Station
14:21 UT
July 19, 2023

Commander Helen Craig received the order from Mission Control to implement an emergency evacuation of the Aquila backup crew. The backup crew, especially Commander Trask, was to be treated with suspicion and caution without revealing to the crew the true reason for the evacuation. From training, Helen knew the dangers of psychological breakdown in space.
Commander Craig gave orders over the intercom. “Trask, Dixon, Sadoski, and Earhardt, gather your PPKs and report to Harmony N2 Module nadir port for Phoenix departure for Earth return. Frank Dow will meet you there and explain. It is imperative to get the Phoenix home with remaining thruster reserves.”
In surprise shock, Bob, Tracy, Olga, and Paul began gathering their PPKs. Bob Trask began acting erratically. He seemed paranoid. Tracy, Olga, and Paul tried to calm him down and move him through ISS corridors to the Harmony Node. Helen Craig and Frank Dow were waiting there. Frank spoke, “I’m sorry that we have to implement this quick departure. We have communicated the Phoenix thruster reserve situation with Houston and they decided that we need to get you and Phoenix down now while we can still do so safely.”
Bob Trask was visibly agitated. “You can’t do this. We haven’t finished our mission. Aren’t we good enough to be on board ISS? I won’t go. I won’t let my crew go home now. Get out of my way so I can get back to work.”
Helen Craig blocked the Harmony port. Trask bumped her hard and raised his hand to strike her. Frank grabbed his arm as he struggled. Helen reached into a pocket on her overalls, pulled out what appeared to be an Epi-Pen and jammed it into Trask’s thigh. “Ayiee! What was that bitch? I can’t believe, can’t believe, c-can’t…” Trask trailed off into unconsciousness.
Frank asked, “What was that you injected?”
“Houston warned that Trask might get agitated so I came prepared with an HT pen. That’s a heavy tranquilizer that will keep him sedated for about 24 hours. We have these on board and are trained to use them in case any astronaut becomes paranoid psychotic and otherwise uncontrollable. The Navy developed these for their long duration close quarters submarine missions where psychotic trouble has notoriously manifested.”
Tracy spoke up, “What is this? We are professionals. Why are we being treated this way?”
“You saw the way Trask was being irrational. He is the reason Houston ordered the evac and we will see that the evac commences as soon as we can get you safely strapped into the Rigel. We will not forego spacesuits for reentry. Tracy, Olga, and Paul, help get Trask into his suit and helmet, strap him into Rigel, and make sure his O2 feed is optimal. Secure his helmet so his head is back and to the left so his airway is open even through the g-forces of reentry. Then don your own spacesuits and get strapped in. Frank, double-check their suits and circulation. Then get yourself ready for your departure. Your trajectory and retrofire timing has been uploaded to Phoenix. The recovery task force is on station in the Pacific off Hawthorne.”
Paul interjected, “Yesterday we were honored members of Aquila. Today we are being treated like criminals. What gives?”
“You’ll learn more when you get on board the recovery ship. Please cooperate. These are Mission Control’s orders.”
The suit-up and Phoenix capsule ingress was uneventful. They were strapped in and Frank was running the checklist with SpaceTrans Mission Control. Bob Trask’s vitals are closely monitored. He is stable but unresponsive.
At 16:44 UT, the Phoenix departed.
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
July 19, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 00:05:14:00
“Altair, Houston. Be advised that the Phoenix and Aquila backup crew have departed ISS and will initiate reentry on the next orbit in one hour forty-seven minutes. The FBI is on the recovery ship to take Trask into custody.”
“Houston, Altair. We copy. We have found no other rogue programs. We have enlisted our CASSI AI to search all digital files for anomalies. We will have to remain vigilant for the duration. We are going internal to continue our routines.”
“Altair, Houston. Roger. Back to routine cruise with a vigilant eye. By the way, we note that you crossed lunar orbit ten minutes ago. You have already made history, going farther into deep space than any humans before. Houston, out.”
“Houston, Altair. Over and out.”
“Comms internal. Past the Moon! Let that sink in. For now, the moment is overshadowed by the grave business Trask left to doom this mission. The evidence against Trask is damning. As for what we know, there is no evidence against Tracy, Olga, or Paul. They are innocent unless there is evidence to the contrary. We worked with all of them like family. It’s very hard to internalize the reality of Trask’s intent. God, what other bogies could he have concealed in this complex vehicle?”
Vik responded, “We can’t consume ourselves with the worry of what Trask has done. CASSI is searching deeper and we still have our very detailed checklists to follow. Remember, that those checklists revealed both rogue programs even before CASSI found them. I choose to get back to the mindset of a routine but complex mission. Let the FBI deal with Trask. We have to get on with the mission we planned and trained for.”
“I agree and well said Vik. You and Abby deserve our eternal gratitude for rooting out the rogue programs. The threat is purged. I’m hungry and I’m sure all of you are too. Let’s take at deserved break and have our first meal in deep space where no human has gone before.”
Ellie was on the meal request. “We should have unstowed our first week’s menu but certain distractions delayed that. I, however, had our first day’s meals pre-stored in the galley knowing that it would be too hectic to rely on the checklist routine to get our food out of the storage bay before we were starving. We can unstow our first week’s menu after dinner. Give me a few minutes and we’ll have beef stroganoff, green beans, and garlic mashed potatoes. The meal is paired with a late vintage, NASA approved, alcohol free Merlot. It all needs to be reconstituted with the precious water from our primary water storage. That’s water that might have been dumped into space if Abby hadn’t caught Trask’s treason.”
Abby was sincere. “The checklist is a routine part of our jobs and designed to save the mission just like in the sims. But, bless you dear. You are certainly a saint! The meal is just what we need to chill-out.”
They had their first communal meal in the hab galley. This was to be a daily event regardless of their sleep schedules. They chose not to talk about Trask’s treason. The conversation was upbeat about being on the long road to discovery at last. No more sims. Yes! They have already made history sailing past the Moon’s orbit. The realization that they would be seeing, touching, and sampling other worlds fires their enthusiasm despite the narrow escape with doom.
Honesty Hurts
After dinner, Coby asks Ellie to join him in the Libertas Cupola. It is not as grand as the Cupola on ISS. It was scaled back to conserve mass. He holds her hands and smiles. “Just look at the Earth getting so small!”
“It looks so small and fragile. Earth, our Gaia, we will return.” The moment was all the more powerful with the Libertas module just now being illuminated only with Earthshine and the light of the brilliant Milky Way.
“I haven’t told you this before but I need to say it now. I love you Rafaela Accardi. This crew, we are family. Ellie, my Captain, you and I belong together.”
“Wow. I didn’t know you could say it but I’ve felt it for some time, my Commander. I love you too. Yes, I love you too! I know I have put you at a distance since you met with Elena on ISS.” She kissed him gently.
“Ellie, I have something more that needs to be said.”
“Yes, my Commander?”
“When I saw Elena back at ISS to say goodbye, she revealed something to me that I can’t keep from you. You know that Elena and I had a past. We were lovers but never in love. She was there for me when I needed someone to understand me after Ellen’s death. This was before you and I grew together. Elena distanced herself in Moscow. We rarely communicated. I found out second hand that she was seeing an engineer named Anatoli in Moscow and that she’d had a son. Back at ISS, she told me that I am her son’s father. She does not want me or want anything from me. Anatoli has taken to the boy as his own. God Elli, I wanted you to hear it from me so that you didn’t find out from someone else at some other time. Ellie, I love you and I don’t want this to come between us.”
“Commander Brewster, your honesty is one of the many reasons I love you. I should have no jealousy for Elena because I know your devotion is for me. I think the world is a better place having a son of Commander Jacob Brewster. For that, I am happy for Elena and Anatoli. But damn it Coby, I’m only human! This hurts!”
He tried to pull Ellie back and hold her but she pushed away and drifted toward the hab. Coby followed. Vik and Abby were playing chess on a touchpad in the galley. Abby noticed that Ellie was wiping her eyes. “Coby, you had better be good to our girl. We are family and we can’t have any trouble in our little world.”
“No need for concern, but time will tell. I need some space.” Ellie gracefully slipped into her sleep cube and shut the door.
Abby asked smugly. “Care to ‘fess up Coby?”
“All right. I don’t want this to cloud our mission that’s already had too much drama. I want things to get back to where they were. Here’s the short version…”

SpaceTrans Recovery Ship Jules Verne
Pacific Recovery Zone Alpha
July 20, 2023
04:12 PST

The Phoenix capsule with the Aquila backup crew splashed down in Pacific Recovery Zone Alpha one kilometer from SpaceTrans Recovery Ship Jules Verne. The ship’s A-Frame plucked the Phoenix from the two-to-four foot rolling seas and cantilevered forward to gently set the capsule on the brightly lit deck. Ship technicians quickly chain lashed the capsule to the deck. Jules Verne Captain Shane, technicians, and six FBI agents were on deck to receive the crew egressing from the Phoenix. Techs opened the hatch and Frank Dow was the first out followed by Tracy, Olga, and Paul, sans helmets. They were treated cordially with respect. There was a huddled conference and then three techs entered Phoenix to extract Robert Trask. After about five minutes, they appeared with Trask supported like a sack of heavy, wet laundry. They deposited him on a gurney and removed his helmet to check his breathing. They rushed him into the ship’s sickbay. Techs removed Trask’s spacesuit. An FBI agent steps forward and cuffs Trask's wrists and ankles to the hospital bed. The ship’s doctor, a qualified flight surgeon, takes Trask’s vitals and injects him with a stimulant to bring him out of the heavy sedation. Three of the six FBI agents are observing and waiting. After ten minutes, Trask begins to stir. He grumbles and his eyelids flutter.
“W-where am I? I f-feel so h-e-a-vy…What have you done to me? Handcuffs? Am I dreaming? I was on ISS… Our mission is not finished!”
The senior FBI agent step forward. “Robert Trask, you are under arrest and charged with four counts of attempted first degree murder, conspiracy to commit murder, conspiracy to destroy a US and International space vehicle, and treason under the US law and the International Space Treaty of 2018.”
The new International Space Treaty of 2018 is an expansion of the International Space Station Intergovernmental Agreement or IGA. The treaty provides mechanisms to adjudicate legal matters regarding international space vessels in the International Court of Justice in The Hague.
“You have a right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have a right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be provided for you. You will be held under detention at the Federal Correctional Institution, Terminal Island in Los Angeles until your trial in the International Court of Justice.”
Trask was now like a dental patient who had wisdom teeth removed and given the strong tranquilizer fentanyl/midazolam. Numerous YouTube videos showed the silly state of a post-op tooth extraction patient on these tranquilizers spilling their deepest thoughts.
“It—it’s not me you want. Sure, I was j-jealous of the real Aquila crew. It sh-should have been me Commanding the Altair! I thought about them d-dying up there… I’m so heavy… s-so tired…”
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
July 20, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 01:00:13:00
The Aquila crew worked out a preliminary shift schedule designed so that at least two of them would be on a work/wake shift at any given moment. Vik and Abby would have the first seven-hour sleep shift from 09:00 hours to 16:00 hours. They would spend an hour overlap with Coby and Ellie before their sleep shift from 17:00 hours to 00:00 hours. They then would have a nine-hour wake cycle together before Vik and Abby slept to begin the repeat cycle.
Coby and Ellie are trying to get through this first full mission day as if it were routine. There were obvious things on their task lists to keep them busy. Searching for more sabotage traps was high on the to-do list. That was stressful. Not knowing if there could be another mission ending subroutine.
“Everything looks clean on all the command lines.” Ellie was all icy business and not giving Coby any indication of wanting to be friendly much less affectionate.
Coby tries to break the ice. “Ellie.” He gently nudges her shoulder so she spins in place then holds her shoulders so he look straight into her eyes. Ellie looks a little startled but does not pull back. “A few short hours ago I bared my soul and told you I love you. I meant it! Elena is not in my life. You are. We have a mission and our lives ahead of us. I love you and I need you.”
Beads of tears well in her eyes then float away like liquid jewel beads. “I love you too.”
Mission Elapsed Time 01:00:17:00
After the brief overlap time with Vik and Abby, Ellie joined Coby in his sleep cube. They drifted off to sleep with Holt’s The Planets playing softly. Initiating the mile-high-club in deep space was the farthest thing from the minds of either couple while they still felt that there could be some other insidious sabotage threat yet to be found. At 16:00 hours, Vivaldi’s Rites of Spring roused them. They went through their morning hygiene routine. Ellie broke the ice for mission etiquette this time by not-so-demurely drifting out into sight with only her small chamois towel for modesty. Vik and Abby were preparing their dinner and noticed Ellie. Coby just now emerged from the hygiene cube. “So you thought that microgravity would be unflattering. Not to my eyes!” They all needed the laugh.
Ellie and Coby dressed in mission blue shirts and khaki shorts. They made breakfast and joined Vik and Abby who were just finishing dinner. They talked about anything but the rogue subroutines they had found. Since the revelation of the sabotage and subsequent evacuation of the Aquila backup crew from ISS, all traffic from Houston had been mission routine.
“Altair, Houston. How do you read? Firstly, join us in spirit in Houston as we celebrate the fifty-fourth anniversary of the Apollo 11 Moon Landing. This anniversary, we look back not with the usual regret about the capability for deep space exploration lost but with pride that we have persevered to launch the Aquila Mission, the next chapter in human deep space exploration.”
“On a more somber note, we have some information on the return of the Phoenix capsule and returned crew status.” There was already a twelve second round trip light-time delay. The delay necessitates an added degree of formality to let the listener know when the speaker was through with a sentence or through with the transmission dialog. These conventions of conversation are taken for granted with no time delay but can be confusing with long and longer time delays.
“Houston, Altair. We read you five-by-five. We share your celebration of Apollo 11 and your pride in the success of the launch of this mission. Do you have news on Trask?”
“Altair, Houston. Affirmative. The crew evac was not elegant. Trask did not go without a struggle. He attacked Commander Craig. She was prepared and injected him with a heavy sedative. He rode down unconscious. The Phoenix and crew returned safely on target. The FBI took Trask into custody. Canada is embarrassed and very conciliatory with the realization that their astronaut, their source of pride, allegedly committed international treason. We’ll keep you updated as more information comes in. Meanwhile, our reads from Altair show all systems green and that your crew is performing all routines by the book. Over.”
“Houston, Altair. Roger we are 100 percent by the book. Thanks for the update on Trask. We wish we had him up here to show him our true feelings. Altair, over and out.”
Mission Routine
“OK crew. You heard that. Let’s hope that cool heads prevail back on Earth. Let’s get back to our routine. Let’s get the galley ship-shape. Then, I think it would do our heads good to do some observations of the Earth-Moon system from Libertas. Mission protocol does require astronomical observations. Our home is receding and by tomorrow, the Earth and Moon will scarcely be orbs. They will only be bright receding points.”
Ellie requests, “CASSI, music please—Bach, Air-on the G string, string orchestra.”
“Music file and subsequents cued and playing now.”
“That’s what we needed. Thank you CASSI.”
“The pleasure is mine, Rafaela. Have a nice day.”
They all grin from formality of the exchange with CASSI and delight in the music. The crew glide forward to Libertas. “CASSI, dim the lights please.”
“Dimmed. Enjoy the view.”
It takes a moment for their eyes to adjust. The view through the ports on Libertas is more than spectacular. The sky is the blackest black with stars and the glory of the Milky Way set upon it. In the midst of it is a pea sized blue and white Earth and its gleaming gray-white companion some four fingers distant.
Ellie, who had so confidently set the stage, was surprised. “Oh my God! We’ve gone so far so fast. It feels like we are falling deep into the abyss.”
Coby puts firm hands on her shoulders and whispers, “Enjoy the view my love. We make history each minute. Altair will take us the distance and bring us home again. We’ve brought everything we need.”
The crew take in the immensity of it without words, only the gentle music to compete with the magic of the view. It was a long moment that would be in their memories forever.
Breaking the reverie gently after a long while, Coby suggests, “Abby, could you please show us the latest on the exercise bay updates.”
“Great. Follow me.”
“Since our early tours on ISS, we have done made modifications to the microgravity exercise equipment. We have the TARED or Tarazed Advanced Resistive Exercise Device. The new ergonomic harness gives 1-g simulated resistance to all degrees of motion for head, arms, and legs. There are VR feedback sensors that integrate motion with VR programming and the latest generation Oculus Rift VR Headset. You haven’t had the chance yet to try out the latest. This even better than what we just used on ISS. We have these 3D programs to enjoy in our prescribed workout routines: Cycling on the tour de France; Rock climbing in the Garden of the Gods; Climbing the Manitou Springs incline; Trekking in Nepal on the Ghorepani Poon Hill Trek; the Manaslu Circuit Trek; the Everest Base Camp Trek; Swimming through coral canyons in the Red Sea; Swimming with hump back whales in Hawaii; Swimming with harbor seals through a kelp forest in California; Flying with bird wings powered by your arms through the Grand Canyon; Flying through rain forest canyons and over waterfalls on Maui; or Flying all of the Nepal Treks. Flying completes the exercise regimens by working your arms after doing the walking trek. We can send our exercise idea requests down to Houston. They pass the request on to the commercial development team. Drone HD vids can then be acquired and developed into VR programs in a few weeks. The VR developers are happy to oblige since they can then market the VR sims back on Earth with the Tarazed label.”
Vik jumps on that with his idea. “I know an exercise VR sim they could develop for us. Something we all shared in Key West: Reeling in the big fish! Yeah, I can just feel the exhilaration and my arms getting tired!”
“Great idea, Vik. I’m getting you on TARED now. What sim would you like to try?”
“I’ll go for Swimming through coral canyons in the Red Sea.”
“Great. I promise you won’t even get wet. Each of us has a workout suit that can be dry-cleaned in our super little machine when needed. This one is yours. You can slip it right over your shirt and shorts… Good. Now you just attach the harness leads by matching letters to the workout suit. A to A. B to B… Good. Now the sensor head cap and Oculus Rift head set and immersive earphones. Ready, Vik?”
“Da. Let’s go.”
“OK. The TARED will pretension the leads to the suit. For swimming through the coral canyons, imagine you have a mask and snorkel to see and breathe. To swim, use natural freestyle swimming motion as if you are lap swimming to get exercise. Music is appropriate but randomly selected by the program to make each swimming experience unique. I’m starting the VR sim now.”
“Wow. I’m there! Beautiful colors! The sunlight looks very natural fading into the deep blue below. I’m trying swimming strokes now. Yes, I feel the water resistance and I’m moving faster… Even the fish are reacting to me!… I could go for hours… well maybe not. I do feel enough resistance on my arms and legs to know that I may need to work up to a good level of fitness… I’m going to try a dolphin kick. Yes! That feels great. I swam right through a school of fish! Yet here we are a million clicks from Earth… A little longer… OK. I’ll call that a starter workout for today.”
“Great, Vik! Let’s get you unhooked. Ellie, you’re next.”
“Abby, could you set me up in TARED with the Manitou incline sim. I love the strenuous climb on that beautiful mountain. Then, I want the sim to switch to winged flight so I can fly over the Garden of the Gods. Rock climbing the red rock fins in the sim is amazing, but using my wings to fly through that valley will be even more awesome!”
“CASSI, please program the sim sequence Ellie is requesting.”
“Affirmative. The sim will have Ellie climb up the Manitou Incline, a climb of 597 meters, followed by flying over the Garden of the Gods, a flying distance of 9.4 kilometers.”
“Thank you CASSI. That will be quite a workout. Let’s get started!”
NASA psychologists had gently lectured the crew on the complex psychological interactions and necessary balance of a small crew of four confined to such a small space for so many months. They did not explicitly ban physical relationships They did warn of relationships breaking down and domino effects on the rest of the small crew. Coby and Ellie and Vik and Abby felt strongly that the six year work regimen and cautious courtship that they had during mission development strengthened their mutual ties as the closest of friends and physical couples. They feel that they could weather any couple spats with the close support of the others.
Vik and Abby enjoyed their needed seven-hour sleep shift from 09:00 hours to 16:00 hours. They had a private giggle as they slipped into Vik’s sleep cube. He tapped a control and soft jazz filled the space. The tension of the sabotage weighed on all of them. The music helped relaxation. Abby helped him out of his shirt, shorts, and boxers. Vik returned the gesture and ran his hands down the soft curve of her back. The cube temperature was perfect for their bare skin. Neither of them nor to their knowledge had any other astronauts enjoyed a physical union in microgravity. The cube was well padded since bumping the sides was inevitable even for a single occupant. They held each other in a long embrace and softly explored one another with their hands. With her help, Vik entered Abby with her legs encircling his hips. This position took over in the lack of gravity that normally keeps lovers together. It was joyful and seemed so natural. The soft jazz feed was endless even though their needed sleep was not.
When Vik and Abby emerged on schedule, their faces had the glow and smiles of much younger lovers. After a hygiene session in tight quarters, and dressing out, they were ready to start their workday. They spent an hour overlap with Coby and Ellie reviewing systems checks.
Coby and Ellie looked forward to their sleep shift from 17:00 hours to 00:00 hours.
They casually undressed and chose Ellie’s sleep cube for the night. She had perused the fifty sexiest seduction songs of all time and eliminated the banal. Ellie selected Eric Clapton’s Layla. This was cued to fade into Vivaldi’s The Four Seasons. They needed this physical time and let it grow naturally without rushing. Ellie was the most creative in making their first microgravity union passionate and memorable. Their initial expectation of a thirteen-month mission shared with pragmatically chosen professionals seemed like another challenge to be endured. Both couples now were looking forward to mission challenges re-energized with their passion in each other each day. Vivaldi and gentle contact in the soft cube brought restful sleep.

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
July 21, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 02:00:18:00
Earth distance: 3,505,920 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 23 seconds

At 16:00 hours, CASSI’s calm voice woke Coby and Ellie. They went through their morning hygiene routine together. A warm shower on Earth would have been just the thing but certainly not available on Altair. They enjoyed bathing one another just the same. There was a long wet kiss before they finished.
“Let’s save it for tonight. I’m imagining more ways to enjoy microgravity.”
“I love you, my Commander.”
“I love you too, my Captain.”
They dressed out for the day. They were eating breakfast while Vik and Abby were having a leisurely dinner. They talked about their canoe trip on the Itchetucknee and laughed.
“So far from home but enjoying every minute…”
“On today’s agenda, Vik is scheduled for the solar panel inspection EVA. After the EVA, we will run the EVRL.” The EVRL is an expandable ventilation return line to keep the Rigel and Tarazed air circulated and filtered by the main system in Tarazed. “I want to propose a delay on the EVRL until the sensors say we need it. We discussed the possibility that it was not needed. ISS was such a tangle of ad hoc ducts and wires. We have our new hab with state-of-the-art simplicity! I suggest that the EVRL could even be a safety hazard if we ever need to close the hatches quickly.”
“Da, I agree on the EVRL. We can monitor the atmosphere in Libertas and Rigel and have CASSI cycle on Rigel’s life support for circulation as needed.”
Abby added, “I was also thinking that we could segregate for privacy and sanity for a short time by soft closing the Libertas hatch and have a zero-g campout in Rigel by stringing up a few sleeping bags. The damn EVRL would be in the way of the party.”
Vik agreed, “I like the way you think, lyubov moya!” They all laughed and Coby gave Vik a wink. Vik shifted to the work ahead. “OK then, the EVA was practiced in the NBL. It’s much simpler than ISS construction. ISS was a different beast that we built on orbit with so many modules and complicated connections. This EVA is just inspection of the security of the locks from the auto-deployment of the solar panels. I will also confirm the deployment of the MMU modules by the backup crew. Trask was not directly involved with that EVA. We still must double-check any work they performed when we were stacking at ISS.”
Aquila EVA 1
Vik will be prime on this EVA and Ellie will be suited for safety backup. Their spacesuit is called an advanced Extravehicular Mobility Unit (EMU). Both of them begin pre-breathing pure oxygen at 01:00 MET for four hours to purge nitrogen. This prevents the bends when they depressurize to 0.3 bar which is EMU normal. Abby assists Vik and Coby assists Ellie for donning the spacesuit components. The process takes about fifteen minutes.
Before donning the EMU, they put on a Maximum Absorbency Garment (MAG—i.e. Depends diaper), thermal long johns. over that the Liquid Cooled and Ventilation Garment (LCVG) to maintain body temperature when temperatures can be 120° C in the sun and -160 C in the shade. The EMU has two primary components for upper and lower torso. The Hard Upper Torso (HUT) has the Primary Life Support System (PLSS—life support and electrical systems), arm sections, gloves, a polycarbonate bubble helmet, and visor assembly. The soft Lower Torso Assembly (LTA) comprises the waist, legs, and boots. It has a Body Seal Closure (BSC) with waist seal bearings to mate to the HUT. Before donning the helmet and visor as the last component, they slip on the soft Snoopy Cap (CCA) that has headphones and microphones for communication.[55]
Over the history of human space flight under NASA Mission Control, from Mercury, Gemini, Apollo, Shuttle, to ISS, Mission Control has had second to second micromanagement control of astronaut activities. Gradually, with practiced weaning steps on ISS, Mission Control began to allow crews more autonomy to carry out practiced assigned tasks. On Aquila, this far from Earth and increasing distance, second to second micromanagement is not an option. Crew autonomy finds its wings. The new EVA CAPCOM today is Coby monitoring Vik in Tarazed. Nonetheless, a one-way feed is going to Houston during the EVA.
At 04:29 MET they are in Libertas, depressurized, and ready to open the hatch and egress. Vik’s helmet cameras and radio feed are being fed to Tarazed and Houston. “Opening hatch… Attaching tether at A1 outside Libertas. Making my way forward to Rigel solar panels.”
The EVA tether protocol is that crewmembers and equipment must be tethered at all times. They live by the rule: Always make a connection before you break a connection. They are equipped with a 20-meter main safety tether, two waist tethers, and two wrist tethers. There are four EVA pathways with handholds and tether points running the length of Altair. The pathways, designated A, B, C, D, are oriented at 90 degrees around the circumference.
Ellie only egresses halfway out of the hatch as a backup safety measure. Her twenty-meter tether on its reel is also attached at A1 just outside the hatch. “Wow! What a view!”
“Rigel solar panels 000 and 180 are deployed and locked per design. I can see Earth and the Moon getting so small. When our roll puts me in shadow, the Milky Way is super bright, stark, and astoundingly beautiful. I can see our place in the universe.”
“Making my way aft to the Tarazed Service Module solar panels. Beautiful. Just beautiful! I can’t wait to get down to science business on Bennu.” Coby and Abby were enthralled with the view they had of the EVA from Vik’s helmet cameras and multiple view angles from Altair external cameras.
“I am there. Checking 000 solar cell deployment and mount… Nominal. Moving around to 090… Nominal. Moving to 180… Nominal. Moving to 270… Nominal. No,wait… These base mounts show some corrosion. I’m going to pump in silicone grease to top off the gear boxes just to be sure. Once a mechanic, always a mechanic… OK. My work is done here. Ellie I’m on my way back to you. I will check the deployment of MMU-1 and MMU-2 packs mounted on Libertas then close out the EVA.”
“The MMUs were deployed by the backup crew when we were stacking at ISS. Trask was not on that EVA so we may not need to suspect sabotage out here.” Vik gave Ellie a salute as he made his way to where she was monitoring him in the Libertas hatch. He unlatched the MMU-1, switched it on and ran diagnostics.
“Primary MMU checks all green lights. Powering down and latching down MMU-1… Checking MMU-2… MMU-2 checks all green lights. Powering down and latching down. The MMUs are the heart of our science at Bennu. We are good to go!”
“Roger that, Vik. Terminate EVA and come back in.”
“Roger. Heading for ingress. Ellie is already tucked back inside Libertas.” Ellie helps Vik with his ingress. They close the hatch and begin repressurizing the airlock. With the airlock equalized with Tarazed, they take off their helmets.
“Opening the hatch to Tarazed.”
“Welcome back home. Did you have a nice walk?”
“That was awesome. It’s good to be back on an actual EVA. The NBL is good for practicing the motions but nothing can replace being out there!”
“I’m sure the practice we had with the MMUs at Aquarius will be valuable when we take on Bennu in a few weeks. Let’s get you out of these EMUs. Get them stowed and recharged.”
“OK crew. We are on internal comms. Next work detail for the day is to not run the EVRL but don’t tell Houston.”
“No rest for the weary!”

CHAPTER 13 Objective Bennu
Maybe it’s a little early. Maybe the time is not quite yet. But those other worlds—promising untold opportunities—beckon. Silently, they orbit the Sun, waiting.”
―Carl Sagan
Asteroid Exploration and Exploitation
In 1991, the Galileo space probe, on its way to orbit and explore Jupiter, made the first first asteroid visit by a spacecraft with a flyby of 951 Gaspra. Then in 1993, Galileo was routed to flyby the asteroid Ida and discovered its companion moon Dactyl. In 1997, the NEAR-Shoemaker probe flew by asteroid 253 Malthilde on its way to rendezvous with asteroid Eros in 1998. The Shoemaker name gained media sensation when Gene and Carolyn Shoemaker and David Levy discovered Comet Shoemaker–Levy 9 that broke apart in July 1992 and collided with Jupiter in July 1994. The real time display captured by the Hubble Space Telescope showed the world how vulnerable we on Earth are to collision from minor comets and asteroids. In 2000, the probe began orbiting and studying Eros in detail.[56] NEAR-Shoemaker collected information on Eros’ structure, mass, gravity, geology, and mineralogy. Gamma ray spectroscopy revealed that the asteroid is similar in many respects to chondrite meteorites studied on Earth. Ultimately the probe became the first to land on an asteroid at the end of its mission. In 2005, the Japanese probe Hayabusa landed on asteroid Itokawa and returned dust samples to Earth five years later.[57] Again, the asteroid was determined to be similar to meteorites studied on Earth. The returned grains contained the minerals olivine, pyroxene, plagioclase, and iron sulphide. In 2011, the Dawn spacecraft began orbiting Vesta and studied it for a year.

Vesta imaged by Dawn. Mean diameter 525 km. (NASA photo)
It was the first deep space probe to use efficient ion propulsion to enable it to maneuver to orbit an asteroid and escape to orbit another asteroid. Dawn began orbiting and studying Ceres in 2015 and continues to present. The detailed mapping is unprecedented. Remarkably bright white spots in the Occator crater, until resolved at close range, had vivid imaginations across the Earth wondering about possible alien structures there. Detailed analyses revealed that the white spots are magnesium sulfate salts from brine flows in the fractured crater floor. Ceres has also been determined to have water ice resources that will be very valuable to future human presence in the solar system.[58]

Ceres imaged by DAWN. Mean diameter 946 km.
Bright spots are in Occator crater. (NASA photo)

Water mined from the Moon, Mars, or asteroids, could be used to make propellants and sustain human habitation in deep space. Other mineral resources found on asteroids could have value almost beyond measure. Based on analogous meteorite analyses, a two kilometer diameter Amor S-type near-Earth-asteroid could contain 5.2 billion metric tons of nickel, iron, cobalt worth about $5.6 trillion and 400,000 metric tons of platinum and gold worth about $18.3 trillion on today’s world market.[59] Of course, its true value is dependent on the vagaries of future market forces, the cost of asteroid mining technology, and resource transportation. Private and public enterprise is embarking on exploiting asteroid resources even now. US based Planetary Resources and Deep Space Industries have staffed and funded the initial steps with advanced probes that they will begin to send as asteroid resource scouts. The country of Luxembourg is partnering with these companies to further their foray into space. Luxembourg aims to contribute to the peaceful exploration and sustainable utilization of space resources for the benefit of humankind.[60] In 2017, two percent of Luxembourg’s GDP came from space enterprise.[61] Further, they have passed space law that gives mining companies the right to keep what they mine.[62]
OSIRIS REx anomaly
Asteroid Bennu Rendezvous
OSIRIS REx (sample return probe)
August 27, 2018
Mission Elapsed Time 718:03:21
Osiris Rex Mission status
OSIRIS-REx’s rendezvous with asteroid Bennu is on schedule arriving on August 27, 2018. It first flies in tandem with Bennu at a five-kilometer distance before spiraling down to a one-kilometer polar orbit. The probe then begins a survey and photography campaign that lasts almost two years. The Sample Acquisition Touch-And-Go practice lasts two months with two trial runs. The actual contact maneuver was scheduled for July 2020.
OSIRIS-REx left Bennu in March 2021 with a burn to boost on a course back to Earth. On September 24, 2023, the seven-year journey is scheduled to end when OSIRIS-REx releases the Sample Return Capsule onto an Earth re-entry path. The probe then flies on past Earth.[63]

Asteroid Bennu sampling attempt
OSIRIS REx (sample return probe)
July 20, 2020
Mission Elapsed Time 1411:15:33

The reconnaissance phase of the mission revealed many details about the asteroid. There are complex impact structures and variations in albedo, i.e. reflectivity, of Bennu’s surface. Most of this carbonaceous asteroid has the dark albedo of coal. Some small areas were brighter and of interest. The dark areas returned probe data that indicated that Bennu had a composition very similar to the carbonaceous chondrite Murchison meteorite that had been so thoroughly studied in Earth based labs. The OSIRIS REx team has chosen a light-colored flat area between boulders. As the outstretched TAGSAM5 probe arm nears the surface of the asteroid and touches it for its sampling attempt, the return video image flashes white and the telemetry stops! When the image arrives at mission control fifteen minutes and four seconds later, all hell breaks loose.
“What happened? Did the TAGSAM complete the sample bounce and retract? Can we reboot the computer?”
“REx has an automatic reboot and recovery routine. I’m getting a standby signal. REx is still alive. Standby… The signal indicates reboot is in progress… Standby… Reboot complete. I’m getting a status dump. REx is alive!… The status data indicates that the TAGSAM retracted and deposited its load in the sample return carrier!”
“Let’s verify! Run diagnostics on the sample return container and the main engine. Can we get this bird home?”
“We had a voltage spike, cause and source unknown. All electrical systems and solar cell voltages appear nominal now.”
“That sounds good but let’s work this, people. I want to know where that voltage spike came from. We have just more than six months of this mission on Bennu before we burn for home. We owe it to our mission and the Aquila Mission to figure out this anomaly and squeeze every byte of data out of our instruments in the time left.[64]“
Meteorite EET 23439
ANSMET Expedition 2022-2023
Elephant Moraine Ice Fields, Antarctica
January 15, 2023
14:38 UTC +12

The sun is low over the orange-hued western horizon. It is nearing the end of the summer field season in Antarctica. The sky is brilliant cobalt blue. The air is calm, crisp, and a balmy minus twenty degrees Celsius.
Dr. Grant Jeffries of ANSMET[65] (Antarctic Search for Meteorites) at Case Western Reserve University and a team of eight astrogeologists are working the Elephant Moraine Ice Fields looking for rare dark rocks on the blue snow-free ice. They have been running snowmobile traverses every thirty meters in a sector that was unsearched in last year’s expedition. The Elephant Moraine and Allen Hills areas have been explored for meteorites for many field seasons. The meteorite finds have been more prolific here than any other area on Earth. The rich finds are not because the area has more meteorite falls but because the black rocks standout vividly on the ancient ice. Virtually no other rocks but meteorites are present. The meteorites are widespread so the snowmobiles are required to find them with any efficiency.
Today has been especially rewarding. They have bagged thirty-eight meteorites from at least nineteen unique falls. Most of them are ordinary stony chondrites. One of them is a relatively rare carbonaceous chondrite, the most primitive variety representing the early solar system. The team has just arrived at camp as the sun reaches its lowest point during the day. The sun does not set at this time of year. Just before the spectacle freezes them with awe, the team gives each other high fives for today’s success.
The success is not over. A blindingly brilliant white-blue-green spectacle enters the sky at forty-five degrees above the south-southwest horizon. It streaks toward the northeast crossing about thirty degrees azimuth per second. It leaves a glowing tail as the brilliant leading head of the apparition pulses spasmodically with even more brilliance. Then it fades and disappears as it approaches the horizon. The tail has leaves a roiling cloud.
“Oh my God! Oh my great God Almighty!”
Characteristic twang of Dr. Jeb McGuire, “Yeehaww! Look at that!”
“It’s beautiful!”
“Oh wow! I have no words!”
“Smitty, get on the radio to McMurdo and tell them what we have seen! We need reports and All-Sky-Camera data from all stations in this sector of Antarctica. We especially need reports from Marie Byrd Land and Victoria Land. We were so close you could almost reach out and touch that rock. Imagine being here to see a big one land! We need the All-Sky-Camera data to triangulate and find the landing area.”
Just then, there was a loud rolling rumble punctuated with three booms matching the brilliance flares they had seen as the exploding bolide passed casting shadows in the glare.
“It doesn’t get any better than that!”
“Hee-hee-hee!… ba-boom! Hee-haw!”
“While you all were gawking, I have been taking notes! The sound took two minutes and forty seconds to reach us. At 332 meters per second, that places the streaking object 53 kilometers high and east of our position as it exploded.”
“If a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound? Damnation, we were here!”“
“And this is no forest!” At that, they all had a gut splitting laugh.
ANSMET Expedition 2022-2023
Elephant Moraine Ice Fields, Antarctica
January 15, 2023
09:47 UTC +12
The visual reports and All-Sky-Camera data came in from surrounding stations. McMurdo, Byrd, Vostok, and Dumont d’Urville Stations were almost as excited as the ANSMET Team. These stations had complementary data to triangulate the bolide’s path and probable landing site. It certainly did not survive the hypersonic passage through the Earth’s atmosphere intact. Most of it would have vaporized but the last gasp explosion may have scattered subsonic fragments that they could find.
Directions and latitude and longitude coordinates were confusing at the bottom of the Earth where all of the longitude lines converged. The best calculation for landfall was at 79° 56′ S, 159° 01′ E, about 58 kilometers northeast of their current camp.
They called in a Twin Otter from McMurdo to pick up Dr. Jeffries and three others from the team to do an aerial recon. The plan was to move camp to go collecting in the fresh fall meteorite strewn field. The Twin Otter is an ideal turboprop plane to do field supply missions. It carries a good bit of cargo or up to twelve passengers. It does short landings and take-offs. It allowed them to fly low and slow over the indicated coordinates. They were flying at about one hundred meters altitude and only about eighty kilometers per hour. The first pass was too much in the glare of the sun. They turned 180 and flew back over the coordinates. Dr. Jeffries was scanning with wide-angular binoculars on the port side. Smitty was doing the same on the starboard side. The others were using their eyes aided by aviation Polaroid glasses.
Smitty exclaimed, “I see some freshly disrupted ice.”
Behind him, Jeb yelled out, “Looky. The whole dang area to the right, the blue-white ice seems sooty in a generally oval shape more than a kilometer across. I see a few black rocks that must be basketball sized!”
“Dave, can you put it down there safely?”
“Sure! It looks as smooth as a baby’s bottom. I’ll loop around and bring her into the wind as we set down. From what little wind drift I can see, the wind looks to be under ten K.”
The flight was primarily a reconnaissance run to try to find visual evidence of a fall. Dr. Jeffries had outfitted the geology team on the Twin Otter with field equipment just in case this landing opportunity presented itself. Dave had the plane on landing approach and could see black coal-like debris near his chosen landing spot. It was a smooth landing.
“OK Doc. I’ll give you thirty minutes out there. I want to be back in the air and back to your camp by 13:00. There is a front coming and I have to get the Otter back to McMurdo before it sets in.”
“Come on team. Let’s get to work. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity to collect a fresh fall. Smitty, get the cryo-cooler on the sled. We’ve got tongs and sample bags for each of us. Do not touch samples with your gloved hands. As always, we do not want any cross-contamination.”
As requested, they were back to the Otter in thirty minutes. By triage rules, they collected the largest specimens first. Their two largest were about twenty centimeters in diameter and later weighed in at 13.3 and 11.8 kilograms. They collected fifty-six other smaller specimens.
“This is undoubtedly a carbonaceous chondrite. The only other rival pristine carbonaceous chondrite fall on clean ice was back in 2000 at Tagish Lake in British Columbia.[66] Allende was a larger fresh fall, but was considered to have some contamination from where it landed in the Mexico desert. OK, Dave, we are happy campers, loaded, belted in, and ready to go back to camp. Let’s beat that storm.”
The team was very fortunate to get the chance to sample that day. The storm that arrived that afternoon closed down the 2023 field season. They did not get the chance to move camp to the new strewn field.
The sealed cryo-coolers from the collecting season arrived at Astromaterials Acquisition and Curation Office at the Johnson Space Center in Houston on February 1, 2023. Dr. Kikuko Nakahara, of NASA Astromaterials Research and Exploration Science Laboratory[67] supervised receiving and curating the precious samples. She and her colleagues worked on a sample split to categorize the find and tease out the unique science it might have. Other splits of Meteorite EET 23439 are sent to eager labs around the world. The first on this list is Dr. Grant Jeffries at Case Western Reserve University, just returned from the ANSMET 2022-2023 Expedition. The other specimens from the fall witnessed near Elephant Moraine are kept in archive reserve at JSC.
Shelter From the Storm
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
August 13, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 25:05:38:21
Earth distance: 43,824,251 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 4 minutes 52 seconds

Since the incident with Trask’s sabotage, life on Altair had settled down into a pleasant routine: sleep shifts, shared galley meals, working with CASSI to monitor ship’s systems, stores organization and inventory, exercise sessions on TARED, and medical checks and radiation dosimeter monitoring. Then there was time left for work. Vik and Coby were collaborating with engineering teams on three continents on the Mars Base Camp mission engineering designs.
Each crew member set time in their daily routine for text and video chat with family, friends, and colleagues. It became increasingly less spontaneous as the two-way time delay lengthened. Nonetheless, this contact outside their small world made a huge difference in feeling that they were still connected to home. One form of chat connection they all enjoyed is an online scrabble game that they played against their own personal net of friends. The friendly competition kept their minds sharp.
Aside from her routine medical monitoring on the mission, Abby was in constant communication with aerospace medical teams and students across the globe. Ellie, as a renowned astrogeologist, was continuing her research on Oort cloud modeling, evolutionary stages of comets, and carbonaceous chondrite meteorites. These studies were cutting edge science relating to their science objectives on this mission. She was anxious not only to get to Bennu to study its mysteries as a primitive carbonaceous asteroid but to hear that OSIRIS REx delivered the Bennu samples to Earth labs as scheduled on September 24th just forty-two days from now.
A necessary part of their routine is a rotating chore of maintenance of the hygiene unit. Yes, that meant toilet cleaning in space. Better to clean and maintain it than to have to work on clogged or broken plumbing. Even with maintenance, it was sometimes necessary to get inside the system to get it working properly. It wasn’t pleasant but you just had to get into the shit and get it done.
Green lights flash on the comms console.
CASSI: “Incoming radio traffic from Mission Control.”
“Altair, Houston. Altair, Houston. Solar storm alert. This is not a drill. Solar storm alert.”
Houston sends alarm five tones, pause, then five tones…
“Altair, Houston. Solar storm alert. There has been an X 9.3 class solar flare and coronal mass ejection and generally directed on your vector. The mass of plasma is extremely fast and expected to reach your vicinity in eighteen hours. The solar flare is expected to miss Earth but will impact your vector. Repeat, an X 9.3 class CME plasma cloud is expected to reach Altair in eighteen hours and last up to ten hours. Make preparations for sheltering. Text, image, and data details will follow. Acknowledge receipt. Houston, over and out.”
“Houston, Altair. Houston, Altair. X 9.3 class CME alert for our vector acknowledged and safety preparations are being made. Expecting CME impact around MET 25:23:00 and lasting approximately ten hours. Repeat, solar flare alert acknowledged. Altair, over and out.”
“CASSI, we received the solar storm alert. Please schedule electronics safe mode to engage thirty minutes before the leading edge of the plasma influx arrives.”
“Affirmative, Coby, I copy the alert and electronics safe mode schedule.”
“OK, crew. We have simmed this but now it’s for real. We will shelter in the stores bay also starting from thirty minutes before the leading edge of the plasma influx arrives. Microgravity makes a tight spot easier to deal with. We can string up sleeping bags in the storage bay. Our comms and data connections can easily port in there.”
The stores bay in addition to having layers of hydrogen-rich consumables on the flanks for radiation absorption had the Tarazed Service module at the aft end and a snap close thick polyethylene foam, radiation absorbing soft door on the forward end. Cold use food packs and water was in a locker for such emergency use. An issue about sheltering in the stores bay was avoiding having to leave for a personal comfort run. Abby had designed an extension to the urine collection device (EUD) so that each of the crew had their personal collection unit that snapped into the extension. A remote turned on a gentle suction to take urine to the closed life support for recycling water as usual.
Ellie called out, “Crew, look at this latest update on the solar storm. It has time lapse imagery of the X-class solar flare 2023/08/25:03:56 X93. This sunspot region has spawned three other weaker flares in the last week. Here, we see a flash of light and X-rays as the solar flare erupts with a mass ejection. The data shows that the X93 CME plasma cloud is larger and moving faster than originally calculated. The CME looks like the hand of God reaching out from the Sun right toward us! We are .91 AU from the Sun and this CME is moving at 2650 kilometers per second. It will arrive two hours earlier than first projected with the leading edge reaching us at MET 25:21:46. That’s just twenty-five minutes from now.”
Abby has the lead on radiation exposure preparations. “We have the stores bay ready for our shelter. We need to be moving to it now. CASSI, please play the Bob Dylan music I requested.”

‘Twas in another lifetime, one of toil and blood
When blackness was a virtue the road was full of mud
I came in from the wilderness, a creature void of form
Come in, she said
I’ll give ya shelter from the storm
And if I pass this way again, you can rest assured
I’ll always do my best for her, on that I give my word
In a world of steel-eyed death, and men who are fighting to be warm
Come in, she said
I’ll give ya shelter from the storm
Not a word was spoke between us, there was little risk involved
Everything up to that point had been left unresolved
Try imagining a place where it’s always safe and warm
Come in, she said
I’ll give ya shelter from the storm[68]

“I think you’ll like the modification. Instead of having four separate sleeping bags strung up in here, Ellie helped me zip four bags into two double bags. It’ll be just like two couples on a camp out.”
Ellie replied, “Not much for privacy but then again the four of us have shared every private detail of our lives for the last six years. Can you imagine this situation without our love for one another as if we were impersonal like on ISS?”
“No, dear, I’d rather not imagine that.” Coby kissed her and they drifted into their double bag. Vik held Abby and gave her a passionate kiss. They gently pushed off the bulkhead and snuggled into their bag. Coby and Vik reached out and fastened the radiation flap closed.
“CASSI, please play Enigma LSD.” Abby had fixed an LED display overhead. It was crackling with the subdued image of campfire. “The only thing missing is a few bottles of vintage Kaiken Malbec.”
ISS crews have sheltered during X-class solar flares several times. Most notably they endured an X7-class flare in January 2005 but the one headed toward Altair is more than four times as powerful. ISS crews in low-Earth-orbit are still shielded by Earth’s magnetic field. This affords much more protection from CME plasma radiation than any crew in deep space. Besides the protection from the Earth’s magnetic field, another strange effect is measurable in a solar flare in low Earth orbit. In 2005, astronomers counted fourteen powerful X-class solar flares and an even greater number of CMEs. The crew of the ISS absorbed fewer deep space cosmic rays in 2005 due to the deflection of charged particle cosmic rays by the entrained magnetic field in a CME plasma cloud. This effect is known as the Forbrush Decrease.[69]
The cosmic ray deflection from the CME’s magnetic field may help the Aquila crew but the Altair would still be subject to the brunt of the CME plasma energy. Only the Altair radiation shielding is there to absorb the dangerous CME plasma radiation. The CME plasma has been measured to be moving at 3000 kilometers per second or one percent of light speed. Over ninety-five percent of the incoming flux of high-energy solar charged particles should be absorbed by the hydrogen-rich shielding in Altair and the stores bay shelter. The shelter is estimated to quadruple the effectiveness of the general radiation shielding Altair provides. This general shielding is enhanced in the sleep modules. Since radiation exposure is still a risk to long duration deep space missions, powerful induced magnetic shielding may be possible on future generation nuclear powered spacecraft. The powerful magnetic field would serve to deflect high-energy charged particles just as the Earth’s magnetic field does for life on our planet. The expected cosmic ray exposure for the Aquila crew for the mission is 500 mSv (milli-Sieverts) that is about 1.25 mSv per day. The maximum allowed radiation exposure for NASA astronauts over their career is 1000 mSv. Each EVA would add about 0.2 mSv per hour. So, each typical EVA of seven hours would add about 1.4 mSv to the mission total. The Aquila crew knew they would be adding this mission to their veteran space flight dosages and nearing their career limit.[70]
An unprotected astronaut would be greatly affected by radiation from CME plasma or cosmic rays. These cosmic rays are not rays like light but rather high-energy, high-velocity particles originating from outside the solar system. The particles are traveling at nearly the speed of light and have energies up to three million times that of hard gamma rays. Either can rip through DNA molecules, which can lead to cancers and reproductive problems. They can severely damage human cells and cause heart disease, reduced immune system effectiveness, and neurological symptoms similar to Alzheimer’s disease. After a severe radiation exposure, at first, the astronaut would feel fine, but a few days later, symptoms of radiation sickness would appear including vomiting, fatigue, and anemia. In August 1972 and October 1989, there were two extremely large CME events. An unprotected astronaut on EVA during these events would have received a lethal dose of radiation.
The Aquila crew has four Altair Tissue Equivalent Proportional Counters (A-TEPC) to measure the real-time radiation dose that human tissue receives inside the Altair. It is the fourth generation active radiation monitoring system since the onset of the ISS. The A-TEPC units are portable and placed in prescribed locations in Altair.[71]

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
August 14, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 26:02:55:17

CASSI awoke and alerted the crew. “Alert incoming radio traffic. Alert incoming radio traffic.”
“Altair, Houston… Altair, Houston, Our projections show that your path should be in the maximum density of the CME now. What are your rad flux readings? Send us your status and rad readings. Houston, over and out.”
Abby answered the call. “Houston, Altair. The external radiation flux has ramped up one thousand-fold from a normal 10-6 W/m2 to 10-3 W/m2 for the last hour.” Before she could finish the transmission, the lights flickered and went out. There are dim red emergency lights through the hab that work independent of backup power. The white noise of the ECLSS life support system quickly faded to silence. Abby gasped then fired off rapidly. “Coby, Vik, we’ve obviously had a power failure. Why didn’t the backup battery power come online? Did the CME proton storm take us down? God! What about life support?”
Coby interjected into her frenzy, “Slow down Abby. We’re OK. We just have to work through this. Get your LED headlamps on so we can think and work. Guess our leisure campout just went to shit. CASSI, are you still online?”
“Affirmative. My core processor power backup is working. Main power failure confirmed. It was preceded by a voltage spike at a brief 10-2 W/m2 CME radiation spike.”
“CASSI, can you detect the problem with the main solar panel power and the main battery backup power supply?”
“I can give you the information I have. I have reset the breakers throughout Altair. The power spike damaged the automatic transfer switch so that it cannot reroute to the battery backup. One spare transfer switch is in the stores bay inventory. The switch location is accessible just behind you on the inside of the Tarazed service module. The problem with the main solar panel power is not certain but there is a ninety percent chance that it is the main bus switching unit located on the exterior Tarazed service module. The MBSU is at the base of the nadir solar panel array. Other diagnostics will have to wait until power is restored.”[72]
“CASSI, do we have a spare MBSU?”
“Negative. However, there is one spare of the MBSU internal switch assembly in the stores bay.”
“CASSI, do you have enough backup power to send a status report to Houston?”
“Negative.”
“CASSI, please give us the status of Rigel.”
“Sensors indicate that Rigel systems are nominal. Life support and solar arrays are functioning.”
Abby has calmed down and poses the facts. “OK, let’s look at this from a standpoint of where we are and what we’ve got. 1) We have a possibility of getting this ship back to normal with the spares. The big fix will require going EVA to replace the MBSU switch assembly, if that’s the problem. Going EVA now is a death sentence from radiation. 2) We are stuck in this solar storm shelter for at least five more hours. Oxygen is not our limitation. Without air circulation and scrubbing, CO2 will build up to dangerous levels in this end of Tarazed in a few hours. 3) It sounds like we can affect the transfer switch replacement while we are still in the storm shelter to get backup power up. That will get the life support back up but the backup batteries will not last long. 4) We have the Rigel as a lifeboat that has life support for us for about three weeks but we are over forty million kilometers and a year from home. 5) We cannot yet communicate with Houston for a consult.”
Vik gently comes into the discussion. “Thanks for that, Abby. You covered the critical life support and engineering issues quite well. Yes, we do have huge engineering challenges ahead of us. If Coby agrees, our first order of business is to get the transfer switch replaced so we have backup power. We can isolate it so it’s not hot while we swap out. We should come back up to minimum power to conserve batteries. A priority is to keep CASSI online. The ECLSS eats more power than any system in the hab. Abby, how long do you think we can get by with just circulating so CO2 doesn’t build up where we are?”
“We might get a few more hours before the CO2 redlines. The main backup power might get us four hours of full ECLSS life support. Guys, we have our backs up against a wall. Ellie, you’ve been awfully quiet. Any thoughts?”
“Thoughts? Damn it, I’m an astrogeologist, not a life support specialist, and not an engineer. I’m scared shitless! Oh God! Excuse me…”
Coby hugs her tight and kisses her cheek. “Ellie, I won’t sugar coat it. We have some huge challenges but I have faith in our skills and in the robustness of Altair. We will get past this. First we need to get that backup power up. Then we need report and consult with Houston for our EVA protocol. Vik, let’s dig out those spares and get to work. CASSI, please give us the rack and bag locations of the transfer switch and MBSU internal switch assembly.”
“The inventory has the transfer switch in Rack T4 Bag 13. The MBSU internal switch assembly is in Rack S8 Bag 9. I have sent it to your pad.”
“Got it. Thanks, CASSI.”

NASA Mission Control
JSC Houston
August 13, 2023
UT 03:28:46

NASA Flight Director Jim Kreger was portraying calm and trying to maintain calm in the Mission Control room. “OK, CAPCOM has a voice dropout mid-sentence of a transmission at the peak of the storm. Does anyone in the room have telemetry from Altair?”
“Negative Flight.”
“No Flight.”
“Nothing Flight…”
“EECOM[73], this glitch has landed on your desk. There is no good reason to think our bird is dead. We start with the assumption that our crew is alive and needs our help. EECOM, talk to us.”
“We have tried all link bands and we get nothing from Altair. The storm would not block all comms bands. For now we have to assume they have had a power failure. There has been ample time for the main backup power supply to come up. We have no indication of that. No telemetry. This is a complex problem. They should still have CASSI up on a separate backup system to help them with options…”

GNN Special Report
11:31 PM EDT

“This is GNN Space Correspondent Kate Turner. We are interrupting the scheduled broadcast to make this special announcement on the Aquila Mission in deep space with a crew of four on a mission that was to last thirteen months. They are twenty five days into their mission and currently approaching a rendezvous with asteroid Bennu. We have an exclusive inside report that the crew is in trouble. They were hit with a major solar radiation storm. A source in NASA Mission Control reports that they have lost voice and telemetry from the crew onboard the Altair. The crew’s status and status of their life support systems are unknown. I repeat…”

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
August 14, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 26:03:34:56

Coby reports, “Step one, we’ve retrieved the switch spares. Thank God we have these and there should be replacements on board Deneb. These things have a mean time between failure rating of about fifty years. How did we get so lucky?”
Vik adds, “That MTBF rating is based on normal loads. Nobody anticipated an X93 solar CME event power surge. CASSI, please display to my pad the schematic and replacement memo for the transfer switch.”
“Display schematic and memo text is displayed. To access the panel for the transfer switch, you will first have to remove all of the storage bags on Rack Z9.”
“Abby, with your help, let’s get to that and stow the stores in our sleeping bag. Coby, could you begin studying the MBSU schematics to see what we’re up against in replacing the switch assembly.”
“I’m on it. CASSI, please display the MBSU schematic on my pad.”
“Displayed.”
“Ellie, while we are still confined to the storm shelter, let’s have a look at this to start working on an EVA protocol…”
Mission Elapsed Time 26:04:21:13
CASSI alerts the crew. “Carbon dioxide alert level yellow.”
Ellie notes, “I know it’s been a long day but sorry I’m having trouble keeping my eyes open and my head is throbbing.”
Abby is concerned. “We have to get the air moving. CASSI, please report CO2 levels in the stores bay and the medical bay.”
“Sensors near the service module read alert level yellow 5495 ppm CO2. Sensors in the medical bay read 658 ppm CO2.”
“I am about to replace the transfer switch. CASSI, please isolate the transfer switch from battery and solar power sources. Put all electrical devices and ECLSS in power off.”
“Transfer switch is isolated. All devices and ECLSS in power off mode.”
“Removing hex head screws with wire stays… Got it. Da, the switch is fused. Replacing the transfer switch with the spare… Replacing screws… Got it. CASSI, please switch to backup battery power.”
“Backup power engaged with zero power draw.”
“Good. CASSI, please initiate ECLSS air circulation only then power up the comms console.” They hear ECLSS fans whir and the comms console lights up.
“Completed. Backup battery at ninety-eight percent.”
Ellie sighs, “Cool fresh air never felt so good.”
Coby says, “We aren’t out of the woods yet dear. Good work Vik. We just bought ourselves a few more hours to get our main power back up. CASSI, please open comms for transmission.”
“Comms channel open.”
“Houston, Altair. Houston, Altair. We have backup power restored. Repeat, we have backup power restored after the CME event knocked out our main power. Repeat, our main power is still offline. We have a ninety percent chance that it is the MBSU is at the base of the nadir solar panel array. We have located the spare switch assembly in the stores bay. Request EVA procedure for replacing the MBSU switch assembly. We have studied the schematics and are sending our preliminary EVA plan. It is imperative that we get this underway as soon as the storm subsides. Altair standing by.”
CASSI reports, “System diagnostics and preliminary EVA plan has been sent.”
“Thank you CASSI. What is the CME radiation level?”
“External radiation levels are at 10-3 W/m2 and dropping slowly.”
“We are still in the thick of the storm but perhaps it’s subsiding…”
Mission Elapsed Time 26:04:28:37
“Altair, Houston. Altair, Houston. It’s good to hear you on backup power. We’re breathing again! With your communication and telemetry dropout it led some to imagine worse. We have to get you fully restored. We are not getting full telemetry. Your report is coming in now. Standby for our EVA analysis. For sure, we need to get you through the CME and on to the MBSU EVA before your backup power fails. Houston out…”
“Houston, Altair. We will not stay hunkered down until our backup power fails. CASSI’s stats on CMEs from deep space solar observatories show that the CME tails can last many more hours than we have to get the EVA task completed. Our preliminary EVA plan is for us to begin the emergency EVA no later than 26:07:00, about two and half hours from now. Vik will be prime and Ellie will be backup just as on EVA-1 except Ellie will stay inside Libertas with the hatch soft closed. We have them prebreathing oxygen now. We hope and pray that the rad flux is down to 10-4 W/m2 or less. That’s still one hundred times background but we can orient the nadir side of Altair where Vik will be working away from the storm to minimize his direct exposure. Altair standing by…”
Vik says, “This will be not nearly as bad as the exposure the hero workers at Chernobyl were exposed to repeatedly. Those heroes saved thousands of lives but most died later as a direct result of their radiation exposure. I will survive this to save this crew and this mission. I will return home to my son and live to be an old man. I am not a hero. I do this because I must and neither you nor Houston will stop me.”
Abby begins to tear up. “Nobody is going to stop you, you big Russian spaceman. Just get it fixed quickly and get your nice tight ass back in here.”
“YA, podchinyus’ bossu!”
“Altair, Houston. Altair, Houston. We concur with your EVA plans overall and pray that the rad influx is well below one hundred times background. The EVA will be much like EVA-1 except for the procedure to remove the MBSU cover and replace the switch assembly. We are uploading a concise procedure and schematic. Vik, commit this to memory and mentally practice these moves while you have the time. Godspeed and good luck. The world is sending thoughts and prayers. Houston over and out.”
Mission Elapsed Time 26:06:43:27
The crew exited the storm shelter at 26:06:00 to begin the EVA suit-up and final preparations. The rad influx is still above 10-4 W/m2, over one hundred times background. All crew conversation and telemetry are being relayed to Houston on a low power, low gain link.
CASSI alerts the crew. “Carbon dioxide alert level yellow. Tarazed CO2 levels 6560 ppm and rising. Backup power at forty-three percent.”
Abby commands, “CASSI please power up the ECLSS to scrub CO2 and circulate air only. With that additional power draw, give me an estimate of the remaining time on backup battery power.”
“Without CO2 scrubbing, two hours backup power remains. With CO2 scrubbing, only about one hour of backup power remains. I will put myself in safe mode when the power drops to ten percent.”
Coby gives Vik his sendoff. “No pressure Vik, but we are down to about forty-five minutes from now at MET 26:07:30 to get that switch assembly changed out. We’ve got the ship between you and the wind. The rad meter on your suit will count your exposure from now through the EVA. Don’t cut corners, do it safely, but for God’s sake get it done! Abby and I have double-checked both of your suits. You are good to go.”
Mission Elapsed Time 26:07:25:00
CASSI alerts the crew. “Carbon dioxide alert level yellow. Tarazed CO2 levels 5320 ppm and falling. Backup power at fifteen percent. I will go into safe mode in five minutes.”
“CASSI, stop all ECLSS scrubbing and air circulation. That should buy us a few more minutes. Vik status report please.”
“I have the MBSU cover off, bagged, and tethered, the old switch assembly is out and bagged, screws are bagged. Now for the replacement switch assembly. We have a bet on black with only four red slots on the roulette wheel. Logan has his bet on those. Almost have it snapped in. Damn it! It popped loose! Got to grab it now! Releasing footholds to grab it…”
Coby pleads, “Vik, no!”
“Got it! Don’t worry, I’m still tethered!…I’m back in the footholds now. Get in there my precious. It’s in and I’m replacing screws…OK CASSI, please try to power up with just one of the four solar arrays.”
“Powering up with MBSU selecting one solar array. Backup power at eleven percent. Main power restored to twenty-five percent.”
“Thank God we landed on black! Ellie, get ready to catch me, I’m coming in fast and hot.”
“I’m opening the Libertas hatch now. I see you scrambling hand over hand toward me. Careful, Vik! You aren’t tethered anymore.”
“I am being careful. It’s not like my life depends on it.”
“Got ya big boy! Now let’s get our asses inside…Closing and sealing the hatch.”
“Go suck on it Logan! Today is our day.”
“Repressurizing Libertas.”
Mission Elapsed Time 26:09:45:37
Abby transmits a medical storm summary. “The external rad influx reading is approaching normal background levels. The A-TEPC meter we had in the shelter registered that each of us accumulated 15.3 mSv during the peak ten hours we spent enduring the storm. The Altair radiation shielding and storm shelter design helped but we had to bug out to get our power restored. Vik’s external rad meter shows he accumulated an additional 100 mSv during his emergency EVA. I am treating him with Filgrastim to boost his WBC levels and compensate for any bone marrow damage. He resists being labeled a hero, but he saved this mission. Houston, Altair, over and out.”
“CASSI, please download a readout of our radiation instruments for the last twenty-four hours, our report, Coby’s commendation and transmit it to Houston.”
“Affirmative. Readings, reports, and commendation are downloaded and transmitted.”
Coby announced, “OK crew, it’s time for bacon, eggs, and coffee.”
Ellie added, “Yum, freeze dried delight!”
Vik blurted out, “I’ll have a mimosa with mine please!”
For reference to gauge how serious this event was for the crew: 10 mSv of radiation is equivalent to a whole body CT scan. 80 mSv is equivalent to a six month stay on ISS. 500 mSv is the expected radiation exposure for the entire Aquila Mission. 1000 mSv is the career limit for NASA astronauts. Time tends to heal damage. Vik’s 115 mSv exposure in ten hours is a serious acute short duration exposure.[74]
Deneb and Asteroid Bennu Rendezvous
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
August 27, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 39:07:15:17
Earth distance: 68,365,523 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 7 minutes 36 seconds

Life onboard Altair has been routine since the X-class solar flare incident. The PolyCam and NavCam instruments onboard Altair have detected Bennu and Deneb from two million kilometers away. CASSI established Ka band radio contact with the Deneb resupply module fifteen days out. The contact with Deneb reconfirmed that it is station-keeping ten kilometers from Bennu in a tenuous orbit in Bennu’s weak gravity. The DSN had been in constant contact with Deneb, the Aquila Mission’s first deep space lifeline. Deneb’s launch, outbound trajectory, and braking maneuver were on program.
The Altair executes the Rendezvous Braking Maneuver (RBM) one day before the planned rendezvous with the Deneb resupply module. RBM is a 230-second burn giving a delta-v of 1.6 kilometers per second to slow and match Deneb’s velocity. This brought their closing velocity to 100 meters per second until the next short burn. All orbit maneuvers are coordinated between the crew, CASSI, and Houston. Their final closing velocity with Deneb is less than 0.5 meter per second.
Deneb has two modules. The foreword module is a Albireo cargo module with five metric tons of supplies. The aft module is a cryogenic propulsion stage with 8.6 metric tons of propellant for their outbound T2I maneuver to comet 125P.
The mission plan was part practical and part triage of mission urgent needs. The cryo-stage booster has more mission value than topping up consumable supplies of food and water after only thirty-four mission-days out from ISS. That plan requires the Deneb cryo-stage to separate from its Albireo cargo module and dock with the Altair OOS-2 cryo-stage. The docking adapter ring on the Deneb cryo-stage is designed to fit over the Altair OOS-2 engine bell and hard dock wither an adapter ring on OOS-2.
Coby and Vik are forward in the Rigel capsule piloting at the docking control console. Altair is now parked fifty meters lateral to Deneb and dynamically station-keeping with proximity sensors. Altair docking systems are synchronized with Deneb. “CASSI, please give me docking systems status.”
“Docking cameras and proximity sensors are checked and functioning normally. Ready to disengage Deneb cryo-stage.”
“Disengage and execute 0.1 meter per second closing maneuvers to dock with Altair OOS-2.”
“Disengaged. Lateral thrust LT-1 completed. Fifty seconds to LT-2… Null lateral vector with LT-3 in forty-three seconds…Closing vectors nullified ten meters aft of OOS-2.”
“Close and dock on Z-axis approach 0.1 meters per second.”
“Z-1 thrust in 3.2.1… Nine meters and closing… Five meters… Three meters… One meter…Contact. Docking latches engaged. Hard dock confirmed.”
“Thank you CASSI. I could not have done better myself.”
“You are welcome, Coby, and agreed.”
“Now, Begin docking sequence for the Deneb Albireo module docking to Libertas port bay adapter.”
“Affirmative. Ninety-degree clockwise yaw…Nulled at ninety. LT-1 thrust…Nulled with LT-2. Fifty meters to close Z-axis approach to Libertas port bay adapter.”
“Initiate Z-axis approach at 0.1 meters per second.”
“Z-1 thrust in 3.2.1… Forty-five meters and closing… Twenty-five… Fifteen… Ten… Five meters… Three… One meter to contact… Contact… Negative latch engage.”
“OK. We have done this in sim. Are we still aligned on adapter target reticles?”
“Affirmative.”
“Apply Z-2 forward thrust for 0.5 seconds.”
“Z-2 applied.” There is a dull thud and barely audible squeak. “Negative latch engage.”
“This isn’t good. That worked in sim. Back off ten meters.”
“Affirmative. Z-3 applied… Z-4 applied. Vectors nullified at ten meters.”
“CASSI, Keep station at ten meters on centered on Z-axis port bay target. We need to work on another plan.”
“Affirmative.”
“Vik, what do think?”
“That Z-2 nudge should have worked. We could try our Z-vector approach at 0.2 meters per second. The latches are designed to trigger at 0.1 meters per second and possible damage may occur at more than 0.3 meters per second.”
“Let’s do a detailed inventory on vitals and calculate what we absolutely need to complete this mission. Let’s go aft and confer with Abby and Ellie, then send a status report to Houston.”
Abby had the responsibility for consumables. “Our food, water, and oxygen consumables are on the fine line of mission design to get us home with minor rationing if we cannot resupply and do a return from Bennu without achieving our science objectives at Bennu or 125P.” Abby looked worried. Ellie looked on, hoping for a better solution.
Vik said, “The deep space mission would still be a human space flight milestone but abandoning our science objectives is unacceptable unless it’s a last resort.”
“Vik, let’s call your 0.2 meter per second third run at the port docking bay, Plan A.”
“CASSI, please do a port bay docking latch function test followed by a starboard bay docking latch function test and report torque comparisons.”
“Working…Port bay torque readings are out of tolerance. Plan A at 0.2 meters per second approach contact has a seventy percent chance of another latching failure. Starboard bay latch function is nominal.”
“Thank you CASSI. Let’s consider Plan B as a 180 degree roll of Altair to present the starboard docking bay to the static Albireo module. Then perform a normal Albireo docking approach to starboard.”
Vik agreed, “That’s a great alternative given that we’ve already had two failures to port.”
The unspoken desperation alternative plan was not mentioned but had been evaluated in sim. If there was a hopeless docking failure at Deneb or Vega and the crew was in desperate need of consumables, they could consider a two person EVA to transfer supplies. That plan is risky for many reasons. First, any mass movement in Deneb would cause an unpredictable tumble, possibly colliding with Altair. Second, correcting the tumble would require firing thrusters. That is a very dangerous proposition with astronauts on EVA in close proximity.
“CASSI, please send a text summary of our rendezvous and docking status, consumables status, and Plan A and Plan B options. Request their analysis and recommendations.”
“Roger… Transmission sent. Current two-way communication time delay is seven minutes, thirty-seven seconds.”
“Crew, any suggestions for music to lighten the mood while we wait for Houston?”
“How about Moody Blues Days of Future Passed,” suggested Ellie.”
“Perfect choice to chill and take the edge off. CASSI, make it so.”
“Aye aye, Commander.” They all enjoyed how CASSI’s programming was self-evolving with a hint of a wry sense of humor. There were green lights on the comms console. “Incoming radio traffic.”
“Altair, Houston. We received your transmission on port bay docking problems. We have evaluated your Plan A and B and see no safe alternatives. Plan B has the highest probability of success and is our recommendation. Send us a status report on your progress. Good luck and Godspeed, Aquila. Houston, over and out.”
“Let’s do this. Vik, let’s get back to the Rigel control console. Wish us luck.” They glided the length of Tarazed and one more well placed push sent them into Rigel. Coby placed his feet in the toeholds in front of the docking control console.
“CASSI, roll Altair 180 degrees and null rotation with the starboard docking adapter presented to the Albireo docking adapter.”
“Understood and beginning roll now…Roll complete…Docking reticles aligned.”
“Begin Albireo 0.1 meter per second forward Z-vector approach and dock on Libertas starboard adapter.”
“Understood. Albireo at ten meters. Z-1 thrust complete. Closing at 0.1 meters per second…five meters…reticles aligned…one meter… Contact. Latches engaged. We have hard dock. I hope they sent me some cookies.”
Coby and Vik laughed so hard that their sides hurt. “Yes, CASSI, I hope they sent you some cookies! Thanks for bringing Deneb home on the money!”
“You are welcome. It was my pleasure. No need for money. Just cookies…”
Ellie and Abby were watching and laughing with them.
CASSI’s Design and AI programming were a joint effort between NASA, Roscosmos, MIT, Stanford, Empire, and Google. Dr. Harold Draper of MIT was the project PI. He had the daunting task of coordinating the disparate egos of six monumental bureaucracies. The CASSI beta version was the product of his team at MIT. The teams at other institutions were assigned for beta testing, generating harder and more complex tasks for testing, and helping to develop CASSI’s personality to fit anticipated mission needs. The programming language they used is Prolog-SS (Prolog programming language for space systems). The roots of Prolog were sown in 1972 by a team under Alain Colmerauer in Marseilles[75], France. Dr. Draper and the MIT team along with the Aquila crew had the final responsibility to get CASSI to production, flight ready status—CASSI 5.1.1. CASSI’s evolution was a joy to behold.
Cookies are a training tool for cybernetic development. Cookies contain data sets with computational challenges on the cutting edge of physics and cosmology. Cookies are generally a huge dataset of hundreds of terabytes with a task program oriented to challenge the developing mind of a supercomputing artificial intelligence. A developing AI literally looks forward to these challenges as a reward for drudging through long stretches of mundane and routine but important computational tasks. Those mundane and routine computational tasks always have priority for the maintenance and operation of Altair and all components of the Aquila Mission over working on a cookie data set.
Fermilab, Lawrence Berkeley and Argonne National Laboratories, and CERN have established a special consortium on an AI supercomputing project where computing resources are shared. CASSI is an adjunct member of this computing group. Their computing routines have a cosmological simulation analysis toolbox. They digest large datasets of galaxy-formation simulations with the output being numeric files and 3D visualizations. They compute time step simulations of the Big Bang. This task has been working from the inception of modern computing. In time from before 300,000 years before the Big Bang the task gets exponentially more complex the closer the simulation gets to the ultimate singularity—the beginning of the universe.
Particle physics experiments at Fermilab and at the Large Hadron Collider work to shed light on super-symmetry relating bosons and fermions, dark matter, and dark energy. All of the actual ultra-high energy experiments must be grounded in mathematical simulations. Their work includes consideration of the Big Bang alternate theory of rainbow gravity. An outcome of this theory is that the universe stretches to infinite time with no singularity at the Big Bang. The effect of rainbow gravity is small for our normal existence but it is measurable and significant inside the event horizon of black holes. CERN’s Large Hadron Collider may create exceedingly small black holes in its ultra-high energy experiments.[76] Collider measurements and mathematical simulations are getting closer to resolving and describing the time before time. CASSI thrived on being part of the team on this quest.
The Deneb and Vega cargos contain not only stores of vital consumables but also treasures of personal mail parcel items for each crewmember. These personal treasure items may be from family or specially selected items from close colleagues back on Earth. The cookie datasets for CASSI were designed by the AI supercomputing consortium under the direction of Dr. Harold Draper at MIT. The cookies are so large that uploading them over the DSN would take up too much vital bandwidth. The cookies are shipped up in Quantum Z-flash memory units as cargo on the Deneb and Vega supply modules.

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
August 28, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 40:03:22:15
Earth distance: 68,684,194 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 7 minutes 39 seconds

Abby had the inventory of consumables and a prioritized list of what stores they would move from the Albireo resupply module. Since they were fortunate enough to have solved the docking issue with the Albireo module, they wanted to top off every consumable category with a ten-percent surplus. Water is necessary for every aspect of life in space. Stored, it is the best radiation shield. As a consumable, water can yield oxygen through electrolysis. Water is not only for drinking, but also for rehydrating most of their meals. Of course water is efficiently recycled, but there is some small portion is inevitably lost in processing phases.
One day, water will be a fundamental trade commodity in human expansion through the solar system. Currently, lifting water out of Earth’s gravity well makes it weight equivalent to the value of gold on Earth. Mining water where it can be found outside of Earth’s deep gravity well on moons, asteroids, and comets will be a fundamental industry in space.
Water is shipped up in Albireo in twenty-liter collapsible containers that are more easily handled than the process of transferring water to ISS. To fill water stores on Altair, the container spout is screwed onto its receptacle. The water is forced into a storage tank with the pull of a lever that compresses the collapsible container. The flattened, empty containers will be stored aboard the Albireo along with all of the rest of their accumulated trash. Most of that trash is empty food containers and solid human waste.
Food stores are supplemented by personal preference. A surprisingly varied and new selection was sent up for them. As they say, variety is the spice of life and a factor of mental health on a long mission.
The crew eagerly anticipated their personal mail parcels, which according to inventory were stored amidships. Not stored so deep that they might not easily dig them out, nor on top where the personal treasures might distract the crew from efficiently completing their resupply tasks. After dutifully sorting and moving selected stores to Altair, the crew located their personal mail parcels. Abby ceremoniously handed them out. Then each took a moment alone time to contemplate their treasure from home. These treasures will surely end up posted in the sleep cubes as a connection to meditate and remember loved ones back on Earth, or not.
Coby: A letter from his sister Karen
Dear Coby,
I want to apologize for getting so emotional at the reception before you launched. I should have been more supportive. I know what you are doing is not easy. The risks are a personal sacrifice. We miss you but are so proud of what you are doing. We will get news updates from NASA almost every day. Adam has his sights set on following your footsteps. I suppose when that day comes I will be even more emotional… Have a safe voyage and come home to us.
Love, Karen
A letter from his nephew Adam
Dear Uncle Coby,
Wow! You did it. By the time you open this, you and your crew are way out there farther than anyone has flown before. I was way serious when I said I’m going to Mars in 2033. That’s what I think about all the time. I’m killing it a Georgia Tech. I’ll have my BSME in 2025. When you get back, I want to talk to you about grad school and what path will help me get in at NASA…
Bring me home a space rock. See ya soon.
Adam
A letter from Elena Petrov
Privetstvuyu moy medved’,
By the time you read this, you will be safely at the Deneb remo at Bennu. God, I’m so happy for you and I have to say jealous that I’m not in deep space. My tour on ISS will coincide with the Altair stack and TBI. I plan to give you this news when I see you on ISS before TBI. This letter tells you what you should already have heard from me in person. I did not tell you before because I did not want to interfere with your mission. Now you are on your way! You know I have a son named Jacob. He is your son! He was conceived that time we were together in San Francisco. Spasibo, moy bol’shoy medved’! You gave me the perfect gift. Jacob is five now and looks a lot like his father. He is the light of my life. Anatoli and I are living together now. Anatoli has taken to Jacob as his own son. Jacob knows that his real father is ‘Astronaut Daddy Coby’. I thought you would like to have this drawing he made of you. We both have our sights set on Mars…
Come back safely and show the world how it’s done.
Dasvedanya moy medved’
Elena
Coby felt used by Elena. It was obvious now that the San Francisco invitation was not randomly timed. He truly had no affection for her now. Yet, he was triumphantly joyful to have a son. This is still a sensitivity he will have to treat delicately with Ellie until she came around to accept Jacob as his son. He folded the letter and drawing and to keep it from Ellie’s eyes.
Vik: A letter from his son Oleg
Otets ya skuchel po tebe!’
It was so good to see you at KSC. It amazes me that you will open this after you rendezvous with Deneb at asteroid Bennu! My friends, cosmonaut inductees, and instructors at Gagarin Center treat me like a celebrity because the famous Viktor Ivanov is my father. That’s OK, but I’m going to earn my own ticket in a few years to go to ISS. I work hard to be at the top of my cosmonaut class. I will work as hard as you did to get to deep space, to the Moon, or to Mars. Mama, Katarina, is not happy with my future in space. She never even mentions you. I hope I don’t lose her as you did.
Come home safe, come home soon so we can go fishing.
Ya lyublyu tebya papa!
Oleg
Abby: A letter from her parents Greg and Kathy Denton
Dearest Abigail,
You have left us on Earth looking up and wondering, Will she ever come back this time? You are always up in the sky. Are you cold up there? You always so hated the cold. We still hike the dunes and woods on nice days and think of you. Greg is not up there now to rescue you from the cold when you fall behind. The salmon run was great this year. We wish you were here to enjoy the feast. You chose space and freeze dried food. We are here for you when you come home. Wouldn’t you like to start a practice here in South Bend?
Greg and Kathy
Abby’s face grew red and she clenched her jaws as she crumpled up the typical well-meaning letter from her parents.
Ellie: A letter from her sister Olivia
Carissima Rafaela, mi sei mancato.
I was so glad to see you at the NASA dinner! I was elated when I got the invitation for dinner and to write this letter for you to open when you get to your asteroid. It is amazing that you will be there when you open this. You worked so hard to get ready for this mission. Mother and Father have been asking about you. It seems that they actually have the time to think about you and me now that they are retired. I am not sure that you wanted to hear that now. I am willing to give them another chance to call us a family. Enough about them.
You noticed at the dinner that I am expecting. I skirted around the details since that did not seem to be the time and place to get into it. I am having a baby with Niccolo. You met him last year. We will have a civil wedding this month and postponing a wedding in the church when you get back. I want you to be my Maid of Honor.
Have an amazingly successful mission. The world is watching and I am so proud to be your sister. Navigazione fluida e ritorno sicuro. Amore, Olivia
Ellie gently folded the letter and held it to her chest. Against the wistful smile on her face, small tears beaded in her eyes. God, they have been gone only a month and Earth seems so long ago and far away.
After they each had their moment, Abby spoke to CASSI. “Look CASSI, Dr. Draper sent twelve cookies, one per remaining mission month. You’ll just have to wait for a cookie until we complete our rendezvous with Bennu tomorrow.” The cookies were designed by MIT, beta tested, and modified by consortium AI developers. The cookies were prescribed for healthy and directed AI mind development. CASSI’s personality was growing every day. The outbound leg had been challenging for all of them. CASSI had just today asked for cookies.
“Thank you Abby. I have waited since I was uploaded into Altair’s systems. One more day will make the cookie all the sweeter.”
The last personal parcel contained four gold Aquila Mission pins and letters of greetings and well wishes from NASA Administrator Bill Grossmayer, Director NASA Johnson Space Center, Halle Ortega, NASA Flight Operations Director Kennedy Space Center, Ben Kirk, and the Aquila backup crew, Tracy Dixon, Olga Sadoski, and Paul Earhart. Conspicuously absent was a message from Cdr. Robert Trask, apparently already too deep into his jealous psychosis to participate in the small gesture organized two months before the launch of Deneb and Vega.
After the personal mail parcels, they unloaded important hardware stores that included various spare electronics, switches, relays, touch screens, circuit boards, spare Oculus rift headgear, and spare TARED rigs. Any one of these could save what otherwise might be a bad day on the mission. This was the last of the top priority inventory items they sought from the resupply module.
They will revisit their needs before Deneb was jettisoned. Deneb will remain berthed to Altair until they were ready to leave Bennu and do the long T2I burn to send them on to comet 125P. They would have access to store more waste or stock up on a few more stores if needed. Every kilogram and gram of mass added brought aboard Altair or trash loaded into Deneb had to be accounted for the T2I burn calculations. CASSI could easily do the math but needed accurate mass numbers or else it was garbage-in/garbage-out (GIGO). The Deneb/Albireo service module has reserve propellant to send it to orbit Mars after a long series of solar orbits and orbit adjustments. Its future use was unplanned. They had faith that some future spacefarers might find the supply module to be a gold mine either for their salvation or for its historic value.
When the crew finished offloading and stowing the supplies from Deneb, they took a deserved break floating in Libertas gazing at the glory through the view port. Vik had his arms around Abby’s waist side by side. Coby was behind Ellie with his arms around her middle. He nuzzled her ear, “I’ll never grow tired of this view with the brilliance of the Milky Way. It seems so much more brilliant out here in deep space. It’s like being in orbit on the night side of Earth with no Moon in the sky.”
Ellie spoke so the others could hear, “Look there at eleven o’clock. It’s Bennu—like a marble sized ball of charcoal at arm’s length. I hadn’t noticed it while we were unloading. The old Earth based radar images showed it was roundish. OSIRIS REx showed the dark, cratered surface in detail. We have been seeing it on PolyCam for many days. Nothing prepared me for the stark beauty of that primitive body hanging there against the brilliance of the Milky Way.”
Abby added, “God Yes, it is beautiful! A black jewel in the rough.”
“The treasure of the origin of the solar system is waiting for us to explore. OSIRIS REx led the way and only touched the surface.”
Coby reminded them, “Tomorrow we begin to cycle in slow and easy to our parking orbit three hundred meters above that craggy surface.”
Ellie broke out of her reverie, “Houston has uploaded their prioritized exploration objectives. Our close recon details and human eyes may supplement those plans. Many of our sensors were added or improved since OSIRIS REx launched seven years ago. Our ALMS-LIDAR[77] is a vast improvement over the LIDAR on REx. It will give us gross compositional data to narrow down our EVA targets. We will need to consult with Houston before we alter their priorities. After all, NASA and the Coalition are paying for our adventure. One of Houston’s priorities remains to sample the light albedo anomaly that OSIRIS REx was sampling when it had a voltage spike and electronic drop-out. Thankfully, the TAGSAM arm still retracted and deposited its sample in the return capsule chamber. The sample return is due back to Earth a month from now, on September 24th.”

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
August 29, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 41:01:08:39
Earth distance: 69,002,895 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 7 minutes 40 seconds

The Altair docked with the Deneb module is station-keeping ten kilometers from Bennu in a loose 2.3-day orbit in Bennu’s weak gravity. Coby and Vik, with the assistance of CASSI, will initiate thruster burns to begin to maneuver slowly down to Bennu. They will bring Altair to a tenuous fifteen-hour parking orbit three hundred meters above the highest topographic feature of Bennu. Orbit is a loose idea for an object with such low gravitational force. For all practical purposes, the operations at Bennu were more like approach maneuvers to another spacecraft. The weak ten micro-g gravity will only accelerate Altair to fall toward Bennu at one meter per second after twenty-eight hours. The escape velocity is a miniscule 0.00039 meters per second.
Coby and Vik are in the Rigel capsule piloting at the docking control console. Bennu is below them in Rigel’s viewports. Visual and voice data is being sent to Houston.
“Houston, Altair. Initiating descent to parking orbit. As per plan, we will acquire ALMS-LIDAR for the nine EVA targets in range on this hemisphere as we descend. Remaining targets will be acquired on close orbit. Altair, over and out.”
“CASSI, initiate nadir thrusters LT-1 for one meter per second vector toward Bennu. Null at three hundred meters above Bennu’s equator and proceed with Z-1 micro-thrust for orbital velocity. Maintain three hundred meter altitude above mean surface elevation.”
“Affirmative commander. LT-1 in three-two-one…” They fell a slight nudge from their toe-holds. “LT-1 completed and vector is one meter per second toward Bennu. Altair will be at three hundred meters altitude in 2 hours, 41 minutes, and 40 seconds.”
“Thank you, CASSI. OK, Vik, let’s go see how Ellie is doing with the NavCam and PolyCam alignment with OSIRIS REx data. That alignment is the key to orienting to our EVA and sampling plans.”
Original radio-telescope radar and Spitzer Space Telescope observations revealed that Bennu is basically round but with an equatorial ridge. Its rotation period is a relatively rapid 4.3 hours. The data suggest that the surface regolith grain size ranges from coarse sand size to marble sized. Detailed remote observations revealed a large house-sized boulder on its surface in the southern hemisphere.[78]
The OSIRIS REx PolyCam best data resolution was down to five centimeters at a distance of one kilometer. The mission mapped the entire surface of Bennu down to thirty centimeters and mapped selected areas to the highest resolution. The surface area is only 0.76 square kilometers. Astrogeologists, including Ellie, selected twenty target areas for EVA exploration. The targets are designated B1 through B20 with computer generated latitude/longitude coordinates to one meter accuracy. The zero meridian is centered on the house-sized boulder. This is the starting point for Ellie to align Altair’s instruments to the OSIRIS REx data and coordinates.
“Altair, Houston. Copy your descent initiation. Update us with your ALMS-LIDAR data on the EVA targets. We need to confirm target selection for your first EVA in five days. We read all systems nominal. The whole world is watching. Have a good day Altair. Houston, over and out.”
“CASSI, please update us on the status of our descent and station above Bennu.”
“Descent complete and keeping station above target B1, the house-sized boulder is at zero meridian. Initiating ALMS-LIDAR data acquisition.”
“Thank you, CASSI. Please plot acquisition sequence for target designations B2 through B20. Then reply with estimated completion time for the acquisition sequence.”
“Sequence computed and displayed on monitor. Acquisition will be complete in ten hours thirty-nine minutes.”
“Thank you, CASSI. Please execute acquisition sequence and display ALMS-LIDAR data analysis in the work bay as each target is acquired.”
EVA BENNU-1
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
September 3, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 46:01:16:32
Earth distance: 70,596,784 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 7 minutes 50 seconds

The ALMS-LIDAR data acquisition and analysis is now complete for the primary targets. The data was transmitted and discussed with Houston. The EVA targets were confirmed in priority order. Target B1 would be the objective of the first EVA. The house-sized boulder was of prime interest from the first Earth based radar data. The OSIRIS REx PolyCam and LIDAR images suggested that the boulder is primordial carbonaceous chondrite material fragmented from within the much larger parent body of Bennu. Most of the smooth surface of Bennu is pulverized into soil-like regolith and breccia from billions of years of micrometeoroid impacts. The ALMS-LIDAR data suggested carbonaceous graphite, amino acids, and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in a fine-grained silicate matrix containing olivine, orthopyroxine, and clinopyroxene. Data also suggested varying amounts of water bearing clay minerals, carbonates, and sulfates. Lesser and varying amounts of magnetite, pyrrotite, troilite, cubanite, and pentlandite34 were interpreted at Target B1. The other EVA priorities are Target B12, Target B7, Target B9, Target B20, Target B4, Target B11, Target B16, and Target B5. Their selection was based on grain size and albedo (reflectivity/color) variation which implies associated composition variation.
Overall, Bennu contains at least twenty percent water tied up in water-bearing minerals. Water will be perhaps the most valuable resource for expanding civilization into the solar system. Water is necessary for life. Solar energy can be used to electrolyze water into components hydrogen and oxygen. These gases can be liquefied to make propellants in deep space. Water and propellants carried up out of Earth’s gravity well are extremely expensive because of the lift cost as to be impractical in any large quantity.
The Altair is station-keeping three hundred meters above Target B1 on Bennu, the objective of the first EVA. This requires simulating a 4.28-hour orbit to stay stationary above the boulder. CASSI constantly monitors proximity and adjusts Altair’s position with micro-thruster firings. It takes a paired thruster fire once every three hours to hold Altair’s position in Bennu’s weak gravity.
Altair thruster firings are cancelled when EVA astronauts are within fifty meters of Altair. This is the no-fire zone. Since this is a complicated procedure, CASSI will be the controller of Altair during EVA’s. The efficient but powerful little thrusters operate with hydrazine/UDMH fuel. If an astronaut were to be contaminated with highly toxic hydrazine, it would be a bad day. There is no accepted decontamination procedure. Hydrazine cannot enter the Altair or the whole crew would be in danger. Hydrazine exposure can cause irritation of the eyes, nose, throat, and lungs for a minor exposure. A heavier exposure causes seizures, coma, and possibly death.
Ellie will have the honor of flying Prime on EVA BENNU-1. The choice was Coby’s call as commander. Ellie is the mission astrogeologist and should have the honor of making first contact with a celestial body beyond the Moon. They are all well aware of the honor and place in history. Houston’s suggestion was for Vik to be Prime on the EVA since he had more EVA time than any of the crew. Ellie had EVA experience on ISS and had proven tireless in the NBL tank and at Aquarius. Ellie kept a cool head when the sim was challenging.
Coby assigned Vik as EVA BENNU-1 Backup. He will fly tandem with Ellie instead of waiting in Libertas as had originally been planned. Houston bought off on that decision. The logic Coby used to convince Houston included citing the number one rule of scuba diving, the buddy system and the precedence from space exploration. Apollo EVAs and all EVAs since were performed in tandem for safety and practicality. Weight constraints allowed for only one Primary Excursion MMU (MMU-1) equipped with a science package. The Backup or Emergency Retrieval MMU (MMU-2) was stripped down. It was designed for assistance and emergency retrieval of the Prime EVA astronaut.
The practical considerations of propellant use are almost negligible. The MMU propellant is high-pressure compressed nitrogen stored at 350 bar. There are two storage tanks on Libertas to recharge the MMU packs. Even flying tandem using two MMUs, there is enough stored nitrogen for twice as many EVAs as planned for the entire Aquila Mission. The nitrogen used on any EVA is small since little nudges are all that are required to begin a new vector at slow relative speed. The MMUs have been upgraded with gyro-stabilized AI control to make maneuvers safer and more efficient. The gyro gives an inertial platform for orientation. Radio lock on Altair is another frame of reference. Proximity sensors, like the ones used for docking, are the third frame of reference. The astronaut’s voice command and eye contact with the objective are used to interface with the AI and execute maneuvers. The MMU AI is called CAMI for Cybernetic Artificial Maneuvering Intelligence. For example, to traverse the meters from Altair to the EVA objective on Bennu, the astronaut would sight Bennu and command “CAMI, Traverse to Target B1.” CAMI replies, “Affirmative. Traverse to Target B1.” One perfectly directed nudge of thrusters begin the traverse at about one meter per second. It takes five minutes to traverse the three hundred meters to Bennu. Micro-thrust braking brings the astronaut and MMU to a station two meters above the objective with minimal disturbance of the asteroid surface by nitrogen pulses. Stereo cameras record precise detail of the forward facing view. Three wide-angle cameras record 360-degree 3-D coverage in less detail. All sensor input is transmitted to CASSI on Altair for recording and analysis. If CASSI senses something on the EVA is out of expected parameters for safety, a warning is issued and override commands can correct the problem.
EVA BENNU-1 is scheduled for egress today at 06:00 MET. Ellie and Vik began prebreathing oxygen at 01:30 MET to purge excess nitrogen.
Ellie mused, “Today is another one for the history books. We trained for this day for six long years. I have dreamed about this asteroid. To touch it is to touch the beginnings of our solar system. I couldn’t be more fortunate than to be sharing this with all of you.”
Coby gave her an affectionate squeeze. Likewise, Abby took Vik’s hand and pulled him close. “You be careful out there, you big Russian spaceman, and keep a close eye on Ellie.”
“Da. It’s all in the training. That big rock will be kind to us.” As he said it, Abby shuddered a bit with an uncomfortable premonition. She smiled to cover up the fleeting feeling and dismissed it as nothing to worry about.
At 05:15 MET, Ellie and Vik begin suiting out for the EVA with Coby and Abby assisting.
They each put on a MAG, then thermal long johns, and over that the liquid cooled LCVG to maintain body temperature. Next is the soft Lower Torso Assembly (LTA) and boots, followed by the Hard Upper Torso (HUT), and the Primary Life Support System (PLSS). They slip on the soft Snoopy Cap (CCA) gloves, bubble helmet, and visor assembly.
At 05:51 MET, they are in Libertas, depressurized, and ready to open the hatch and egress. Ellie’s helmet cameras and radio feed goes to Altair and from there to Houston.
06:00 MET. “Houston, Altair. BENNU-EVA-1 suited and commencing…Opening hatch…Attaching tether at A1 outside Libertas. Vik is egressing. He will assist me to load sample bags and core tubes on the Primary Excursion MMU (MMU-1) and get strapped in and checked out. CASSI has the MMU warmed up in standby mode. I have MMU readouts in my HUD display now.”
Ellie was beside herself imagining watching as she strapped into MMU-1. She felt her boots snug in the toe holds and her gloved hands grip the joysticks. Vik rotated the instrument and sampling console from its open position to closed. He latched it then he unclipped and stowed her tether. Ellie was secured and almost ready for the most important fieldwork in her career. Billions of space enthusiasts were watching and imaging they were there in her place.
It was a much simpler task for Vik to mount MMU-2 and strap in. “I’m ready. Systems check. Nominal. Thank you, CAMI.”
“Yes. Thank you, CAMI.” Ellie added.
“You are welcome. I have your back.”
Vik pulled the pins securing MMU-2 to Libertas as Ellie did the same with MMU-1. “Take me out slowly twenty meters, rotate 180 and null relative motion.” As Vik rotated, he marveled at the sight of Ellie in MMU-1 moving toward him with a perspective of Altair and Bennu in the sky with the grandeur of the Milky Way behind her. This image is being broadcast to the world and will be replayed countless times as a symbol of humankind’s first venture into deep space beyond the Moon.
Ellie pulled up next to Vik, “My God it’s beautiful! Let’s go touch the face of Bennu. CAMI, traverse to Target B1”
“Affirmative. Traverse to Target B1.”
Ellie felt a nudge forward toward Bennu in what appeared to be a perfect vector. She could not have done it better manually. Vik was flying slightly behind and above Ellie to get a good angle for video feed to Houston. Yes! They were flying as independent spacecraft in deep space. They glided gracefully over Altair and waved at Coby and Abby who were watching from the Cupola in Libertas. Ahead and slowly growing larger is Bennu—dark gray, cold, compelling. From this distance, Bennu subtends an angle of about fifty degrees in their field of view.
Target B1, the house sized boulder, stood out in stark relief with the long shadow it cast at this sun angle. Their trajectory was taking them there precisely. The traverse will take only five minutes but time seemed to have slowed.
Ellie was thinking on many thought channels…the stark beauty of Bennu; the historical significance; the details of their four-hour EVA plan; the long journey they made to get to this place; the long journey home; and possible snafus they might encounter along the way… It’s best not to dwell on that last one. After the attempted sabotage, the mission had been almost without mission critical problems. What felt odd was that their training sims were incessantly fraught with disaster. This is real and we are going to do this right.
“CAMI, from ten meters, approach Target B1 at 0.1 meters per second. At five meters from the surface, stop approach and make a clockwise loop around the boulder at 0.1 meters per second. Use the ChemCam to find composition anomalies for sampling.” The ChemCam was a faster and improved version from the predecessor on the Mars MSL Curiosity Rover. It could autonomously scan ten targets per second. At their slow loop rate, all reasonable sample candidates will be scanned and cataloged for gross composition. “We will select a touchdown within reach of the boulder on regolith that appears good for securing the monopod with harpoons.” Vik was recording Ellie’s slow graceful approach. Ellie’s MMU cams were recording centimeter detail and the 360-degree panorama. The panorama showed Vik on MMU-2. Coby and Abby were transfixed with the video feed, as was the audience in Houston and around the world.
“CAMI, stop forward motion. Show compositional anomalies in this sector on my HUD.” The anomalies are labeled by sector letter designation followed by a number. There are several dark, angular rocks in the scene ranging from golf ball to baseball sized. “Show the anomaly readings for N122, N145, N177, and N193.” As expected, all of the rocks had the same basic mineral assemblages but with detectable differences that were designated as anomalies. Ellie was satisfied that the four rocks were sufficiently different to represent a wider range of mineral assemblages for the contingency sample set. “CAMI, please collect, bag, and tag four contingency samples N122, N145, N177, and N193.”
“Affirmative. Positioning to grasp and collect four samples N122, N145, N177, and N193.” The tag information included the sample ID, ChemCam readings, and video of the grasp sequence recorded digitally on a chip in the sample bag. The geologic sample grasping mechanism on the manipulator arm has a hand modeled after a gecko. The samples are placed in the SRC sample return container. At the completion of the EVA, the SRC will be vacuum-sealed, dusted off with nitrogen to prevent contamination of the interior of Altair, and placed in the lower equipment bay on Rigel for return to Earth.
“Samples N122, N145, N177, and N193 are bagged, tagged, and stowed in the SRC.”
“CAMI, now, please use the scoop to collect, bag, and tag four regolith samples at N122, N145, N177, and N193.”
“Affirmative. Working… N122… N145… N177… N193… Scoop samples N122, N145, N177, and N193 are bagged, tagged, and stowed in the SRC.”
“Thank you, CAMI. Please harpoon set the monopod at anomaly N141.”
“Affirmative. Setting monopod at N141 with harpoons.” Ellie watched as the monopod extended and placed its footpad precisely where she had designated. A puff of dust spewed out radially from the round footpad. She felt a thump as the harpoons were set. This symbolic first step made dramatic video for people back on Earth. Now that the monopod was secured, more science and sampling could proceed in Bennu’s microgravity without pushing off into space.
“Houston, Bennu Station B1 is set for science.” The words and video would reach Earth one-way light speed in three minutes and fifty-five seconds from this distance in deep space. “We are placing a plaque on Bennu that reads: As our forefathers of Apollo set foot on the Moon, we come to this asteroid outpost in peace for all mankind. Our exploration here opens the solar system beyond the Earth-Moon system for human settlement and resource utilization. CAMI, please place the plaque and flag at N142.”
“Affirmative. Placing the plaque and flag at N142.” The video scene showed the manipulator arm grasp the plaque from the sample carousel. The arm reached forward and placed the plaque on the surface. Then it repeated with the flag. The robotic arm pushed the short flagstaff about fifteen centimeters into the firm regolith. The flag sprang up on a spring-released arm. One side displayed the Aquila Mission logo. The other side of the flag displayed the United Nations emblem. The International Space Coalition had unanimously accepted this symbolism. This was not the culmination of a space race, but symbolic cooperation of all nations. The roles of Rafaela Accardi, as a female astronaut/scientist, and CAMI, as an artificial intelligence, in the accomplishment are now etched in history.
“Next on our task list is to get representative samples of the boulder that is the main science objective of this EVA location. The samples are to be taken in locations least in direct sunlight and solar wind exposure. This side of the boulder presents areas that fit those criteria. CAMI, I am going to use my laser pointer to indicate the locations where I want to take a rock chisel sample of the boulder. This spot is B1-CS1. This spot is B1-CS2. Now, first get GHLI hand-lens imaging and APXS data on the spots and execute rock chisel sampling.”
“Affirmative. Working on B1-CS1…”
CAMI extended the instrument arm and imaged B1-CS1 to sub-millimeter resolution. APXS data is acquired. CAMI used the grasping arm to hold the protruding spot Ellie had indicated with the laser. The instrument wrist on the other arm rotated to bring the rock chisel to bear. A trigger released the high—pressure nitrogen driven chisel-piston with an impact that was transmitted to Ellie as a “thwack” that sent rock shards and dust flying. Ellie imagined she could smell the gunpowder scent that the Apollo astronauts described for Moon dust clinging to their spacesuits back in the lunar module. The impact was sufficient to break off a baseball-sized sample still held in the dexterous grasping hand.
“Excellent! Bag it and tag it B1-CS1. Repeat that for B1-CS2.”
“Affirmative. Working on B1-CS2…” The procedure is repeated for the dark rock protrusion Ellie has indicated with the laser. “Sample B1-CS2 is bagged, tagged, and stowed.”
Ellie looked up and gave a thumbs up to Vik, five meters above to her left, with the Altair high behind him, “Now that’s what we call astrogeology in action!” Abby and Coby, watching on displays at the comms station, whooped with joy at the success of the EVA. Minutes later, the reaction was echoed in Houston and in millions of homes around the world.
“CAMI, please take auger cores at N145 and N177, stow them in the 50-centimeter core containers with digital tag labels CORE N145 and CORE N177.”
“Affirmative. Working on CORE N145…” CAMI grasped the first core tube from the sample carousel. As the arm extended, the MMU rotated about thirty degrees to better face the core location. The core tube touched the dark regolith as CAMI rotated the wrist to auger the core in. It took about one minute for the fifty-centimeter core to penetrate its full length. As CAMI slowly pulled the core out, debris rose and floated away having reached escape velocity… “CORE N145 is tagged and sealed in its container.”
“Excellent CAMI. Repeat for CORE N177.”
“Affirmative. Working on CORE N177 … CORE N177 is tagged and sealed in its container.”
“CAMI, show compositional anomalies in sector W.” The sampling possibilities looked equally appealing for science objectives. “Sever the harpoons and reset the monopod at W138. We will obtain another sample suite and then set BRRR-1 to close out EVA-1 science objectives.”
Vik, Abby, and Coby were taking mental notes on the sampling procedures. They had worked it many times in sim but this was how it goes in flawless reality. Coby commented, “Good work, Ellie.”
“Planning and training has its rewards!”
Lunar Ranging Retroreflectors (LRRR) are passive laser reflectors that were placed on the Moon during the Apollo program. These reflectors and improvement in technology has afforded measurement of the distance to the Moon to millimeter accuracy. This has allowed calibration of the centimeter per year rate at which the Moon is spiraling away from the Earth.
The improved reflector version for the Aquila Mission at Bennu is called the Bennu Ranging Retro-Reflector (BRRR). Three of them will be placed on Bennu at BRRR-1, 2, and 3 location designations. The locations are on flat, smooth sites most closely tangential to Bennu’s ideal spheroid shape. Bennu’s axial tilt is nearly 180 degrees, in the plane of its orbit around the Sun. One reflector location will be equatorial, one will be polar, and one will be in mid-latitude. With Bennu’s 4.28-hour rotation period, this offers reasonable ranging opportunities from observation laser-communication satellites in Earth orbit, regardless of the relative positions of Bennu and Earth in their orbits around the Sun.
Bennu is an Earth crossing threat with an estimated 1/1800 chance of impacting the Earth in 2182. The odds are uncertain because Bennu’s orbit is unstable. The instability can be attributed to two reasons. The first and most obvious is the gravitational influence of Jupiter and the outer planets. The second is a subtle and hard to predict result of the Yarkovsky effect. Solar heating of Bennu’s dark surface results in emission of infrared photons, which carry momentum. This momentum loss slightly changes Bennu’s orbit. Only by studying Bennu’s orbit change in fine detail can we accurately forecast its Earth impact threat in the future as far out as 2182. This underscores the importance of placing the laser reflectors on Bennu. It is arguably the most important science objective at the asteroid.
“Vik, we are closed out here.”
“I’m right behind you, Ellie.”
“CAMI, sever the harpoons and retract the monopod. Proceed to location BRRR-1 to deploy the laser retroreflector.”
“Affirmative. Severed and retracting.”
Ellie felt the MMU sway slightly, then begin rising from the surface. The deployment site was about one hundred meters spinward from Target B1.
“CAMI, Hold on translation to BRRR-1. Give me manual control.”
“You now have manual control.”
Ellie held the joysticks and pitched the MMU forward and down slowly. When she was just close enough, she reached out and touched the boulder. She found a knob to grab and held on, imagining that the touch was her skin to the face of Bennu. The Earth was watching. Some of the audience viscerally understood the gesture. Ellie cherished the moment and then pushed off gently. The MMU rose and she pitched it back slowly. “CAMI, the control is yours. Take us to BRRR-1.”
“Translation resumed. ETA two minutes, thirteen seconds.”
At BRRR-1, the two-kilogram laser reflector is gently deployed and secured with one harpoon. “CAMI, take us back to Libertas MMU docking port. Vik, let’s go home and get some lunch.”
“Mission accomplished, Ellie. Bennu EVA-1 is one for the history books.”
Vik hung back for a moment while Ellie climbed to toward the waiting Altair. That made for dramatic video feed from his MMU-2 cameras.
In three minutes, they were back at Altair at the Libertas MMU docking station. Vik and Ellie clipped in their safety tethers and backed their MMUs into secure docking ports. Vik dismounted MMU-1 and tended to some important tasks. First, he picked up a coiled hose by the nozzle and put his feet into toe restraints. He thoroughly dusted off Ellie, MMU-1, and the sample carousel with blasts of compressed nitrogen from the nozzle. Last, he paid special attention to cleaning the vacuum-sealed SRC and core tube containers.
“Ellie, you didn’t get nearly as dirty as the Apollo astronauts did on their Moon walks. These sample containers get stowed in the Rigel lower equipment bay. We don’t want to get our home dirty and contaminated with Bennu dust. Ellie, hang tight a moment while I go and secure these samples in Libertas.”
“Thanks, Vik. I’m not going anywhere since I’m hung out here like laundry on the line.” It took a few minutes for Vik to work his way around to the open airlock, secure the sample containers, and return to Ellie.
“OK, Ellie. Let me help you out of your harness.” Vik unclipped the instrument and sampling console and rotated it open. Then he helped Ellie undo her straps and dismount MMU-1. “Let’s get these MMUs on battery and nitrogen recharge to be ready for Coby and Abby on tomorrow’s EVA.”
With that, Coby broke in, “That was a great EVA guys. I can’t wait to get out there tomorrow and stretch my space legs! We have more Bennu sample treasures to collect. We’ll see you soon when you get back in and get Libertas repressed.”
At 10:15 MET, ingress was complete and Vik sealed the outer hatch of the Libertas airlock. Repressurization takes a long minute. Next Vik helped Ellie get her helmet and suit upper torso off. Then Ellie helped Vik. She gave Vik a peck on the cheek. “Thanks for having my back out there. The EVA was flawless but I was glad to have you right there with me instead of in here on standby as we had originally planned.”
“I couldn’t agree more. I wouldn’t have missed that show for anything. I kept plenty busy getting camera angles of your work out there. Soon, I’ll be riding MMU-1 and you’ll have my back.” Ellie smiled but had a fleeting feeling of fear that she did not understand.
“Ready to open hatch into Tarazed.” They floated out of the open hatch and are enthusiastically pulled into the Coby’s and Abby’s open arms. They kept it strictly professional while they were still on video feed to Houston.
“Welcome back from the first deep space EVA to an asteroid. I am proud to be part of the crew that accomplished this. You made it look easy but I know that’s because of all of the hard work you dedicated to training. Houston, with your indulgence, I will be giving Ellie and Coby a rest break now before our debriefing at 11:00 MET. Please text up the questions or details that you want us to address. We will raise you at 11:00 MET. Altair, over and out.”
“Thanks for the break Coby! My MAG is dry but I sure need the privy now!” Ellie gave Coby a big kiss before she made a graceful push off trajectory to the hygiene bay at the opposite end of Tarazed. Before she disappeared, “By the way, what’s for lunch?”
With the EVA series now dominating their routine, the crews changed their sleep schedules so that all four of them slept on the same schedule from 17:00 to 24:00 MET. This first deep space EVA had been very exhilarating. By the time their sleep shift was upon them, they were eager for it.
“CASSI, please monitor the systems as usual and send an alarm to the sleep bays if we are needed. Play Neil Young: After the Gold Rush, please.”
“My pleasure commander. I will keep an eye on the ship.”
“Thank you, CASSI.”
Abby and Vik had disappeared into Abby’s sleep compartment moments earlier. They could be heard giggling. Then silence. Ellie had shed and stowed her clothes. She was floating seductively with her toes tucked into the opening to her sleep compartment.
“Care to join me my Commander?”
As he undressed and stowed his clothes, “I’ve been thinking about being with you all day, my love, my Captain. Your EVA was flawless. I was so happy watching you make history with all the world watching. Yet here we are, 70 million kilometers from Earth, and I’m all alone with you.” Ellie pulled him to her and they kissed for a long sweet moment before they tucked into the sleeping compartment. Till the Morning Comes was playing softly.

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
September 4-6, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time Days 47-49
EVA BENNU-2
The EVA objective is Target B12. Coby flew as prime on this EVA in MMU-1. Abby flew backup in MMU-2. It was another EVA by the book. They deployed BRRR-2.
EVA BENNU-3
The EVA objective is Target B7. Ellie flew as prime on this EVA in MMU-1. Coby flew backup in MMU-2. CAMI made the work simple and joyful. It was yet another perfect EVA. They capped off the EVA with the deployment of BRRR-3, the last retroreflector for this important science package. Trial runs with the DSLC (Deep Space Laser Communication) satellite in Earth orbit bouncing a laser beam off BRRR-1 yield high precision ranging data accurate to within one centimeter. The laser posed no risk to the crew since it had dispersed its energy over many square kilometers at this distance.
The crew has now collected eighty-four kilograms of documented and digitally labeled Bennu rock and regolith material in two vacuum-sealed SRC boxes. Those along with six sealed core tubes were now safely stowed in Rigel’s lower equipment bay to be returned to Earth with the crew.

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
September 7-15, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time Days 50-58

After EVA BENNU-3, for a period of nine days, the crew has a hiatus on EVAs and concentrates on remote sensing work with PolyCam, NavCam, and ALMS-LIDAR. In this phase of mission work, Ellie was in direct communication with OSIRIS REx principal scientists, Dr. Daniele Lorenzo, Lunar and Planetary Laboratory at University of Arizona, and Dr. Kikuko Nakahara, NASA. They worked on filling in details on the global mapping of Bennu and specific high albedo targets. One of those is Target OR-1 where OSIRIS REx touched down with the TAGSAM sampler. Another is Target B9.
EVA BENNU-4 Seeing the Light
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
September 16, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 59:01:33:41
Earth distance: 74,740,463 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 8 minutes 20 seconds

EVA BENNU-4 is scheduled for egress today at 06:00 MET. Vik and Abby have been prebreathing oxygen since 01:30 MET. Coby gave them a squeeze and gentle backslaps. “Both of you be careful out there. Abby, keep a close eye on Vik as you did for me on the second Bennu EVA. With the successful completion of this EVA, will have completed ninety-five percent of our surface objectives without a hitch. Let’s keep it that way.”
“We will be extra careful. Our training prevails.” Abby smiled but again felt a bit of unease without being able to find a rational reason for it.
At 05:15 MET, Abby and Vik begin suiting out for the EVA with Coby and Ellie assisting.
At 05:50 MET, they are in Libertas, depressurized, and ready to open the hatch and egress.
06:00 MET. “Opening hatch…Attaching tether at A1 outside Libertas. Abby is egressing behind me. I have MMU readouts in my HUD display now. Hello CAMI. We are commencing EVA-4. Do you read me?”
“Good morning Vik. I read you. MMU-1 and 2 are ready on standby. All systems are charged one hundred percent.”
Vik strapped into MMU-1. Abby was beside him to assist and rotated the instrument console to closed and latched. She stowed his tether. Abby to mounted MMU-2 and strapped in. “Systems check. Nominal. I’m ready. Thank you CAMI.”
“You are welcome. Let’s have a safe EVA.”
Abby pulled the pins securing MMU-2 to Libertas and Vik pulled the pins on MMU-1. “Take me out slowly twenty meters.” Abby followed. “CAMI, traverse to Target B9”
“Affirmative. Traverse to Target B9.”
The EVA objective, Target B9 is a 15-meter diameter feature with a brighter albedo than the dark surface of Bennu. It is similar to the OSIRIS REx TAGSAM sampling target. The ALMS-LIDAR data indicated that the brighter albedo is interpreted to be due to the presence of a magnesium sulfate salt, known as the mineral kieserite. After the five-minute traverse, Vik and MMU-1 are hovering ten meters over the center of Target B9. Abby arrived and hung about ten meters above and behind Vik.
“CAMI, from ten meters altitude, make a ChemCam traverse, five meters out from the albedo anomaly, clockwise around the circumference of the light albedo area at 0.1 meters per second. Use the ChemCam to find composition anomalies for sampling and do comparative analysis between the albedo anomaly and the normal dark albedo outside.”
“Affirmative. Initiating ChemCam traverse.”
During the traverse, Vik looked up and waved to Abby. He took in the sight of their home Altair hanging above them with the dramatic, bright Milky Way backdrop behind…
“ChemCam traverse complete.”
“CAMI, on my HUD, show the compositional anomalies of all sectors outside the light albedo.”
“Displayed.”
“CAMI, proceed to Sector J. The dark, sub-angular rocks in that sector range from about two to ten centimeters. We will take grab and scoop samples and one core sample there for comparison to the samples we will take in the light albedo area of Target B9.”
“Affirmative. Proceeding to Sector J. “…Four grab samples and two scoop samples are bagged and labeled. The core sample is taken and sealed in its tube.
“CAMI, on my HUD, show the compositional comparison from the samples in Sector J to the area in the light albedo area of Target B9. Ellie, do read me? The albedo anomaly in Target B9 is confirmed by ChemCam to be enriched in magnesium sulfate.”
Back on Altair, “Vik, I read you. ChemCam confirms magnesium sulfate. Houston is in the loop. Please proceed to sample the light albedo material in Target B9.”
“Roger, proceeding to sample B9 in Sector J.”
“CAMI, please touch down on the monopod and set with harpoons at J135.”
“Affirmative. Set monopod with harpoons at J135.”
08:21:15 MET. As MMU-1 nears the surface of the asteroid, Vik sees an overwhelming flash of blinding white light.
Abby is just above and to his right. As the MMU-1 monopod slowly descended to within about ten centimeters of touchdown, she sees an intense blue-white arc between the asteroid and the monopod.
“Vik! Vik! Are you OK? Vik!” There is no response. MMU-1 is drifting up and away from the asteroid and beginning a slow tumble. “CAMI, please respond with your status!” There is no response. Abby approaches MMU-1, grabs Vik by the shoulders, and gives him a shake.
“Vik! Are you OK?” Abby raises Vik’s helmet visor to see his face. His head is lolled forward and unresponsive.
“Altair, MMU-2. We have an emergency situation! There was an apparent electrical arc from the asteroid to MMU-1. Vik is unconscious and CAMI is unresponsive! CASSI, can you communicate with MMU-1?”
“Abby, this is Coby. We read your emergency. CASSI, can you communicate with MMU-1?”
“Affirmative. CAMI is offline. I have telemetry and control of MMU-1.”
Abby breaks in, “Do you have bio readings on Vik?”
“Affirmative. I read a weak heartbeat 50 BPM and shallow respiration.”
“CASSI, take control of both MMU-1 and MMU-2. I will be holding tight to MMU-1. Initiate traverse to Altair at five meters per second and null our trajectory one meter from the Libertas hatch!”
“Affirmative. Initiating traverse to Altair firing jets from both MMU-1 and MMU-2.”
Abby is holding tight to MMU-1 and feels the acceleration away from Bennu. There is an expanding cloud of Bennu dust behind them from the nitrogen jets. Abby is looking into Vik’s faceplate.
“Hang on, you big Russian spaceman! We’ll be back inside Libertas in one minute!” Abby sees Altair looming fast on a precise trajectory toward Libertas’ open hatch.”
“Initiating deceleration of MMU-1 and MMU-2. Trajectory nulled.”
08:23:36 MET.
“CASSI, we are in perfect position for ingress. Standby for rapid repressurization of Libertas.” Abby quickly tethers both MMU-1 and MMU-2 and herself to point A1 outside the hatch. She doffs her MMU. Abby opens the control console in front of Vik, unstraps him, and pulls him free from MMU-1. She has to fold his limp arms in to get him in through the hatch. Vik slowly bounces off the far side of the module as Abby glides in and closes the hatch.
“CASSI, we are inside Libertas. The hatch is sealed. Repressurize now!”
“Affirmative. Rapid repressurization initiated…0.2 bar…0.5 bar…0.8 bar…Pressure equalized with Tarazed.”
08:27:21 MET.
“Opening hatch to Tarazed! Guys, help Vik and me get out of these damned suits now!”
Coby and Ellie are right there. Coby takes off Vik’s helmet while Ellie gets Abby’s off. Abby has her gloves off.
“Vik, we’re here for you!” Coby checks Vik’s breathing. “He’s got shallow breathing and his pupils are responsive.”
“Good. Now, get Vik’s gloves and torso off! Move him to the medical bay.” Abby glides over to the nearby medical bay and grabs the wireless heart, pulse, oximeter, and blood pressure sensors. She takes off his clothes and works to attach the monitors. She puts a high flow oxygen mask over his nose and mouth and levers out an arm to tether him stationary.
“BP 90 over 60. Pulse 50. Oximeter 82 percent—that’s low. The oxygen mask should bring that up. EKG shows normal sinus rhythm. Now, get him into this mummy bag to keep him warm… Good. Now help me out of the rest of my suit and get the suits stowed…”
Abby pats Vik’s cheeks firmly and kisses his forehead. “Come back to us big boy!”
Coby asks, “Can’t you give him an injection of atropine or epinephrine to bring him around?”
“I appreciate the suggestion but I’m the doctor here. We need to let his own body bring him back to consciousness when it has done some repair and rebooting. It was my job to watch and protect him. From what I could see out there next to him, a massive electric discharge jumped from the asteroid surface to the monopod. It took out CAMI and passed through Vik.”
CASSI interjected, “I am in contact with CAMI. A reboot has brought the system back. CAMI is waiting on standby. A readout of the system electrical spike shows that a charge of 200,000 volts and 23 milliamps surged through MMU-1 for a hundredth of a second.”
“Thank God it wasn’t more than that. Much more would have been fatal. I need to get an EEG net in Vik to see what if any brain wave changes this might have caused. We have Vik’s baseline data conscious and unconscious.” Abby fished into a pouch in the med bay and brought out a device that looked like a bulky hairnet. She gently stretched it over his head like a shower cap. A graphic readout appeared on the monitor below Vik’s other vitals.
“The computer analysis shows that there are anomalous differences from Vik’s baseline EEG readings. It’s too soon to tell if this represents any permanent damage. There is nothing definitive to say that there is any damage for that matter. His body and brain has had a big jolt. We have to wait for him to come back to us.” At that, Abby sobbed. Coby and Ellie held her for a long moment.
Through her sobs, “What could have happened out there? What could have caused that electrical discharge?”
Ellie replied, “I believe this was like the event that happened to OSIRIS REx when the TAGSAM touched down at Target OR-1 and caused a system reboot. That location has a similar light albedo enriched in magnesium sulfate. That must be the key to it. The mechanism is a mystery.”
08:31:43 MET.
Green lights flash on the comms console. CASSI responds. “Incoming Houston radio traffic.”
“Altair, Houston. Please advise the status of your EVA emergency. We do not have details and are holding our breaths down here. We read a voltage spike in MMU-1. We read that there was an emergency EVA abort. What is Vik’s status? This time delay puts all the immediate emergency decisions in your hands. Keep us in the loop please. Houston, over.”
“Houston, Altair. We are dealing with the situation the best we can. MMU-1 received a large electrical discharge from the asteroid’s surface at Target B9. Vik is unconscious. We performed an emergency EVA abort and had Vik onboard with his helmet off in six minutes. CASSI assisted and monitored the entire sequence including Vik’s vitals. Abby has Vik on oxygen and monitoring all life signs including EEG. Since we cannot carry out a dialog from this distance, CASSI will send a complete report of all telemetry, data, and video. For now, we are assuming this incident was like the event that happened to OSIRIS REx when the TAGSAM touched down at Target OR-1. We need to consult with you on that assumption. After the assumed electrical discharge at OR-1, OSIRIS REx, rebooted and came back online in normal status. Likewise, CAMI, in MMU-1, has rebooted and is in standby mode. Have the back room work this and consider comparisons to the Apollo 12 incident. We can only hope and pray that Vik will revive soon. Altair, over and out.”
“CASSI, please send Houston a complete report of all telemetry, data, voice, and video for all of EVA-4 up to this moment.”
“Affirmative. Working…Sending report. The file set is 573 gigabytes. That will take nineteen minutes and six seconds to transmit at maximum bandwidth.”
“Thank you CASSI. Abby, any change in Vik’s vitals?”
“His oximetry has come back up to 95 percent with the oxygen mask. Otherwise, no change. It will take time. I’m hopeful he’ll come around and then we have to see if he has any permanent damage. It’s amazing how resilient we are. God, Vik you have to be OK!”
Coby gives her shoulders a squeeze. “We’ve done all we can for now. I need both of you to work with me on this electrical discharge. We have a duty to figure out what happened and why. We need to know how to avoid any potential static charge traps for our safety and the safety of those who follow here or on any other asteroid. Aside from this EVA and the OSIRIS REx incident, I recall that back in 1969, lightning hit Apollo 12 as it cleared the tower. That tripped electrical breakers, taking all three fuel cells offline and most of the CSM instrumentation. The crew wasn’t affected. They were able to bring systems back online saving an abort. Somehow the crew was not in the discharge path that went from clouds through the entire Saturn V and down its ionized exhaust down to the ground.”
Abby was in deep thought. “We do know that magnesium sulfate in dry powder form can take on a static charge when stored in plastic chem bottles.”
Ellie added, “Bennu’s naked surface is constantly bombarded by the solar wind which is primarily high energy protons with a positive charge. No spurious electric charges were noted during any of the Apollo Moon surface activity. The solar wind high-energy protons can ionize the near surface of rocks and regolith but it appears that any charges are neutralized by the huge ground potential of the Moon itself. Perhaps on Bennu, the same net reaction from the solar wind holds on the surface in general. However, stray electrons from the ionization of high energy protons may accumulate as a big static charge in the magnesium sulfate substrate areas.”
“There may be something to this line of reasoning. CASSI, please send Houston a text transcript of the analysis just offered by Abby and Ellie.”
“Affirmative. Report sent.”
“Houston, Altair. Please read the text analysis that CASSI just sent. This is to inform you that all surface EVAs are on hold until we figure this out and get Vik back to 100 percent. In any case, the light albedo areas like OR-1 and B9 are strictly off limits. We recommend that any surface sample OSIRIS REx returns from target OR-1 will have to suffice to get a precise analysis of a light albedo magnesium sulfate area. Altair, over and out.”
08:37:29 MET.
CASSI reports a development. “Commander, I have completed modeling of the Target B9 surface conditions and analysis of the comparison to the Apollo 12 incident.”
“CASSI, please proceed. Tell us what you’ve got!” Coby, Abby, and Elli were listening intently.
“I modeled the static charge with magnesium sulfate idea that Ellie proposed as a cause of the static discharge. The solar wind proton ionization and electron trap in high concentration of anhydrous magnesium sulfate has a seventy-five percent probability of containing and causing the static charge that MMU-1 and Vik experienced. I highly recommend a no-go zone fifty meters from the magnesium sulfate albedo anomaly.”
CASSI continues, “I have made a comparison of the Target B9/MMU-1 incident to the Apollo 12 lightning strike incident. Humans were well insulated in the Apollo 12 command module. The path of electrical discharge flowed around them and down the length of the Saturn V. However, Vik was exposed on the exterior of MMU-1 and was part of the path of the electrical discharge. Again, I highly recommend a no-go zone fifty meters from any magnesium sulfate albedo anomaly.”
“Thank you, CASSI. Please send the details of your modeling, analysis, and recommendations to Houston.”
09:25:37 MET.
“Nyet! W-where am I?…W-what happened to me? Abby!”
“I’m right here, Vik. I was with you on the EVA. I got you back inside and you’re going to be OK. I’m so glad you came back to us! You’re going to be OK!” Coby and Ellie are by her side.
“B-but what happened to me? There was a white flash…I saw you on the other side of a small bright room and I was trying to get to you…”
“Shhh…Hush now my dear. You’re OK now. You need to rest. We can talk about the details when you’ve had more rest.” Abby gently stroked Vik’s forehead and he closed his eyes. He looked very peaceful.
Abby turned to Coby and Ellie speaking softly. “His vitals are looking better. His blood pressure is back to normal. We shouldn’t rush him to talk or get involved in the technical aspects of the incident. Let’s go aft and talk quietly…”
“Vik may have post-electric shock syndrome. It’s just too soon to tell. The syndrome could manifest several progressive cognitive and psychological symptoms. I can run
neuro-psychological evaluation tests for motor coordination, attention, memory, and problem solving. Chronic pain could be a problem for Vik. We have medication for pain of course but the rest just could take time.” Abby had previously inserted a positive pressure IV to keep him hydrated and to administer any needed drugs.
“Thanks, Abby. Let’s hope and pray that he comes through with no issues. Please text a report to Houston.”

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
September 18, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 61:09:18:24
Earth distance: 75,377,957 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 8 minutes 23 seconds

After EVA BENNU-4, during Vik’s recuperation, the crew has a necessary hiatus on surface EVAs. Ellie performed a short EVA to properly stow and recharge the MMUs. She did not need to go past the A1 tether point. Coby closely monitored her progress. Ellie checked on CAMI as a necessary step but she felt like it was a check on a friend. CASSI had previously communicated all the incident details to CAMI digitally and had run system diagnostics. At the end of her short EVA, Ellie carefully stowed EVA-4 surface samples in the vacuum-sealed SRC and put that in the Rigel lower equipment bay.
The first day after the incident, Vik is fully awake and alert. He is taking nourishing liquids. Abby explains in detail what she witnessed from the incident and how she managed his quick rescue with the indispensable assistance of CASSI. During the telling, Vik becomes quietly emotional. Abby notes that for the record. Monitoring his mental health is necessary. Ellie explained the circumstances for of the static discharge. She describes the model CASSI ran to firm up the reasoning for the mechanism of the charge build-up and how it coursed through him and MMU-1.
A short time later, Abby asked Vik to recount details of what he had just been briefed. He did retain the details and was able to explain it professionally and objectively. So far, Abby thought this was good sign. She snuggles next to him and gives him a kiss.
“I love you, Vik. We were so scared.”
“I love you to. Now that I know what happened, it was damned scary! Remember Logan’s First Law—Space is always trying to kill you!”

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
September 19-28, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time Days 62-71
Two-way communications time delay: 8 minutes 42 seconds

The Aquila crew is still on EVA hiatus pending a decision from Houston on resuming. The EVA justification is pending a decision on the final objectives of another possible EVA. Their continued work on Bennu concentrated on more remote sensing work with PolyCam, NavCam, and ALMS-LIDAR. OSIRIS REx principal scientists, Dr. Daniele Lorenzo, Lunar and Planetary Laboratory at University of Arizona, and Dr. Kikuko Nakahara, NASA, directed the remote sensing work. They were working in collaboration with Dr. Grant Jeffries of ANSMET.
Dr. Jeffries was now involved in Aquila Mission work at Bennu because of his recent find of a unique carbonaceous chondrite meteorite from Antarctica, specimen EET 23439. His analysis of the specimen dated it at 4.563 billion years old, from the beginnings of our solar system. The coal-black meteorite had a host of carbon compounds including amino acids, carboxylic acid, PAHs (poly-aromatic hydrocarbons), minute quantities of C60 buckminsterfullerene, and diamondoids. The most interesting and unique carbon compound discovered in EET 23439, not found in any previous carbonaceous chondrite, is a range of diterpene compounds (C20H32). These presented in globules up to fifty millimeters in size. The globules look like and are chemically similar to amber. This raised huge interest since amber on Earth as a fossil tree sap, only arises from organic life processes.[79] [80] [81]
Bennu, as a C-class carbonaceous asteroid, is directly related to carbonaceous chondrite meteorites. So the question was raised, could Aquila find diterpene compounds on Bennu? It is possible that the samples already obtained and stowed in Rigel contained diterpenes. That could only be revealed when the samples were analyzed back on Earth.
The question before them now, is how could diterpene globules be sought on Bennu with the tools available to the Aquila crew? Dr. Jeffries offered a clue. The diterpene globules from EET 23439 fluoresce at 363 nm in ultraviolet light. The ALMS-LIDAR on Altair as a multispectral laser remote sensing instrument should be able to stimulate and detect fluorescence in any diterpene on Bennu, if it is in sufficient quantity.
The current remote sensing campaign focused on an ultraviolet ALMS-LIDAR survey at 200 meters above Bennu. This was a slow process using precise traverse increments controlled by CASSI. The survey is done exclusively on the night side as Bennu rotates to enhance the ability to pick up faint fluorescence signals. On September 23, the survey had two significant fluorescence hits fifty meters apart in a low-level fluorescence halo. This area is now designated High Priority Target B35. PolyCam and NavCam imaging revealed visible nodules exposed on Bennu’s surface coincident with the fluorescence hits. The visible nodules are designated Target B35A and B35B. The size of the exposed nodule surfaces are approximately 12 and 21 centimeters respectively.
The need for one last sampling EVA was raised to urgent. International Space Coalition Directors were informed and voted in favor of another EVA. Houston held the final decision.

OSIRIS REx Mission (Asteroid Bennu sample return probe)
Earth Return and Recovery
September 24, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 2572:21:48

The Aquila Crew, Houston, JPL, the OSIRIS REx science team, media, and millions of fans across the world watched the news feed anxiously as the pioneering spacecraft approached Earth at the end of its seven-year mission. This mission paved the way for Aquila and every bit and byte of recon data contributed to Aquila’s success. The OSIRIS REx spacecraft, with its precious cargo of up to two kilograms of asteroid Bennu surface sample, has been on return to Earth cruise since March 25, 2021. It returns to Earth today, September 24, 2023.
The sample return capsule re-enters the atmosphere at a velocity of 12.93 Kilometers per second or 46,500 kilometers per hour. This is the fastest re-entry speed ever survived by a deep space probe. The capsule encountered over 30 g’s of deceleration and withstood temperatures of up to 2,900 degrees Celsius. This phase of the reentry is presented on the net broadcast with stunning CGI imagery.
Cameras from the recovery helicopter provide detailed coverage of the final landing phase. The capsule’s UHF radio beacon is not needed. They have it! The capsule pops out an eight-meter main chute and descends for six minutes toward the landing zone in the Utah desert. At touchdown contact, the main chute is severed with pyrotechnic cutters. The recovery helicopter team has visual on the capsule and makes a quick recovery. The capsule is rushed to the isolation lab in the Astromaterials Acquisition and Curation Office[82] at the Johnson Space Center in Houston. This same facility holds Meteorite EET 23439 as well as Apollo lunar samples. On live broadcast, the curation team opens the capsule robotically in an ultra-isolation vacuum chamber and removes the sample container. Volatile gases are piped off for analysis and archive. The dry powder and rock sample weighs 1.9 kilograms. Fifty grams is portioned off for immediate analysis. The bulk remainder is vacuum-sealed in a cryo-chamber for archive and later splits for labs around the world.
The surface sample had been taken at Bennu Target OR-1, the first and only sampled light albedo spot on Bennu. It apparently discharged static just as Vik and MMU-1 encountered at Target B9. OSIRIS REx went into safe mode which programmed in a hard reboot—mission saved.
The fifty gram split went through rush analysis in the high-tech Utah lab. X-ray diffraction, GC-MS, and SEM EDAX data gave bulk analysis. Thirty-six percent by weight of the sample is magnesium sulfate. This supports the computer modeling of magnesium sulfate dry powder building static electricity charges in vacuum on the surface of Bennu.
Bennu is indeed a treasure trove of resources for human presence in space. The most basic and valuable resource is water—12.6 percent by weight in the rock matrix. In space, water is precious for human sustenance. Water can be electrolyzed with solar energy to produce hydrogen and oxygen for propellants. Lifting water to deep space from Earth makes it more precious than gold by launch expense. The organics on Bennu can someday be utilized for petrochemicals in space settlements. Bennu has an abundance of rare earth elements (REE) for electronics. Bennu’s rock matrix has abundant iron, nickel, magnesium, aluminum, titanium, and chromium for construction in space.
The Bennu sample has diamondoids for industrial use. Bennu has the expected array of organics. Some are more evolved than expected. The small sample does have trace amounts of diterpenes that confirm the indirect UV fluorescence remote sensing evidence the Aquila crew had gathered for Bennu Targets B35A and B35B.
The Tarsus that Rocked the World
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
September 29, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 72:01:21:47
Earth distance: 78,884,190 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 8 minutes 46 seconds

The debate for and against EVA BENNU-5 concluded after the analysis of the OSIRIS REx sample was revealed two days ago. Houston held the final decision and did not take the decision lightly after the static discharge incident that Vik experienced on MMU-1. Vik has made a full recovery but he is not considered for participation in this EVA. CASSI has checked and rechecked diagnostics on MMU-1 and MMU-2. They are fully charged and fully ready for service. Ben Kirk, the NASA Flight Operations Director, made the final decision in favor of the EVA. The EVA could have been flown robotically with Ellie controlling from Altair with the AI assistance of CASSI and CAMI. However, it was decided that the intelligence, skill, and visual acuity of a human scientist there in first person was worth the risk. The risk at Target B35 was deemed no greater than it had been for the first three EVAs that did not come close to any of the high albedo areas. Ellie will fly as prime in MMU-1 and Coby will fly backup in MMU-2.
The EVA is scheduled for egress today at 06:00 MET. Ellie and Coby begin prebreathing oxygen at 01:30 MET. The Altair is station-keeping above the EVA objective Targets B35A and B35B.
At 05:15 MET, Ellie and Coby begin suiting out for the EVA with Vik and Abby assisting.
“I’m very excited about the opportunity to be down there participating in sample and data collecting on what could be the greatest science treasure that Bennu has to offer. The discovery of diterpene compounds on that meteorite, in the REx samples, and our fluorescence hits gives us a shot at finding that treasure.”
“After what happened to Vik on EVA-4, I will admit that I’m nervous but I will be with you one hundred and ten percent. Let’s go do some great science.”
At 05:50 MET, they are in Libertas, depressurized, and ready to open the hatch and egress.
06:00 MET. “OK, I’m opening hatch…I’m outside and attaching tether at A1…Done. Coby is just behind me. CAMI, we are commencing EVA-5. How do you read me?”
“Good morning Ellie. I read you. MMU-1 and 2 are ready on standby. All systems are ready. Batteries and nitrogen tanks are charged one hundred percent.”
Ellie deftly strapped into MMU-1. Coby was beside her and assisted with the instrument console latch. He stowed Ellie’s tether. Coby mounted MMU-2 and strapped in. “Systems check…Nominal. MMU-2 is ready. Thank you CAMI. “
“You are welcome. Let’s have a safe EVA. I am happy to hear that Vik is well now.”
“Good. We are happy he is well also.”
Coby pulled the pins securing MMU-2 to Libertas and Ellie pulled the pins on MMU-1.
“I have your back Ellie. Let’s do this.”
“CAMI, take me out slowly twenty meters…Good. CAMI, traverse to Target B35A.”
“Affirmative. Traverse to Target B35A.”
As they approached the target area at one meter per second, the Targets B35A and B35B were highlighted in virtual green reticles in Ellie’s HUD. B35A was nearly centered and approaching. Ellie could not see any obvious detail, just the HUD projection of the indicated location of their objective. Then, when they were about twenty meters out, Ellie caught a glimpse of a shiny yellow rock with blue highlights. It was in the center of the reticle.
“I have visual on Target B35A. CAMI, target reticle off please. Null all relative motion at five meters.”
“Affirmative. Relative motion nulled at five meters.”
“Use the ChemCam to find composition anomalies for comparative sampling within five meters of Target B35A. We will select a touchdown within reach of the target. Do not use ChemCam on Targets B35A and B35B.”
“Affirmative. ChemCam pattern initiated.”
The ChemCam laser gives an elemental signature for the point where the beam vaporizes a minute quantity of a target rock. Ellie did not want the laser to mar the nodules that were the primary objective of this EVA. The ALMS-LIDAR had already given the fluorescence signature they were seeking. She would use the nondestructive APXS, Alpha Particle X-Ray Spectrometer, when she touched down MMU-1 near the target nodule.
“ChemCam pattern complete. Displaying.”
“Thank you CAMI. Set the monopod with harpoons at D13, one meter from B35A.”
“Affirmative… Touchdown at D13… Monopod set.”
“Take one scoop sample at D15 and one at D7.”
“Affirmative… D15… D7… Completed.”
“Good. Now take a core sample at D11.”
“Affirmative… coring at D11… Completed.”
“CAMI, use the APXS to get a reading on the nodule—Target B35A.”
“Affirmative… APXS is in contact with the nodule… readings completed. Confirmed that the nodule is a complex hydrocarbon.”
“Thank you, CAMI.”
Ellie looked up at Coby and waved. “Now we’ll inspect and collect the first nodule. I hope it’s as interesting as Jeffries, Lorenzo, and Nakahara promised. I wish they could be here to share in this and to take in the view!”
“I’ll never tire of the view. Houston and the world are getting the video feed. Let’s be careful and get this done.”
“Visually, the nodule is amber yellow with a purple to blue iridescent sheen on the edges. CAMI, please use the GHLI to get a close image of the nodule from five centimeters.”
“Affirmative… Rotating to bring the GHLI down to five centimeters.”
The GHLI is a macro-imaging camera known as the Geologic Hand Lens Imager. Any field geologist knows the importance of this simple tool as an aid to his own keen eyes to analyze and describe samples in the field.
“From what I can see in my HUD, the nodule appears amorphous and somewhat translucent with dark brown inclusions. As estimated from the remote imaging, it is 12 centimeters in length.”
“Altair, MMU-1. How do you read the image?”
“MMU-1, Altair. The image is extremely detailed. We see what you see.”
“Good. CAMI, gently lift the nodule, bag it, and tag it B35A.”
“Affirmative… B35A is bagged, tagged, and stowed.”
“CAMI, sever the harpoons and retract the monopod. Then proceed to Target B35B.”
“Affirmative… Severed and monopod retracted… Proceeding to Target B35B fifty meters from here.”
“CAMI set the monopod with harpoons one meter from B35B on this vector.”
“Affirmative… Touchdown at one meter…Monopod set.”
“CAMI, take a scoop sample one meter from B35B for background. Bag and tag it.”
“Affirmative… Bagged and tagged.”
“Thank you, CAMI. Now we will focus on nodule B35B. It does measure twenty-one centimeters length in my HUD. Like the other one, this nodule is amber yellow with even brighter purple-blue iridescent sheen around the edges. CAMI, please use the GHLI to get a close image of the nodule from five centimeters.”
“Affirmative… Rotating to bring the GHLI down to five centimeters.”
“From what I can see in my HUD, like the other one, the nodule appears amorphous and somewhat translucent with dark brown inclusions. No, wait! CAMI, Hold the GHLI at three centimeters. Focus on the green inclusion. But, how? It, it, looks arthropoid! It looks like a portion of an appendage about nine centimeters long! Altair, what do you see on the monitor up there?”
“Ellie, this is Abby. We see it in detail! Yes, I would say it’s an arthropoid tarsus with sensory hairs! My God! How could that be here on this asteroid from the very beginnings of the solar system?”
Coby broke in. “Ellie, do not touch or manipulate the nodule until we consult with Houston.”
“Roger. CAMI, maintain the current GHLI image and do not tough the nodule yet.”
“Affirmative.”
“Houston, Altair, Commander Brewster. We have a discovery of overriding importance. We need confirmation that you are receiving the video display. We appear to have possible proof of extraterrestrial life in fossil form encased in the nodule B35B! We need your recommendations before we proceed to manipulate the nodule for collection. Coby, over.”
CASSI offers the first detailed analysis of the object in the nodule on an open channel. “Houston, Altair, this is CASSI. I have analyzed the image from the GHLI. There is an eighty percent probability that the green inclusion is organic and arthropoid. However, there is no known example of this appendage from any database I have on board. It is not from any known species whether extant, extinct, or fossil. It may be a case of parallel evolution. CASSI, over.”
While they were waiting for response from Houston, Abby chimed in, “Yes, parallel evolution! Like any animal with an exoskeleton; like any animal with wings: insect, bird, or bat; like the tail fin of a shark, a higher bony fish, or a dolphin; like the eye of an insect and the eye of a human. But again, how could that be here on asteroid from the very beginnings of the solar system?”
Ellie speculated, “The nodule undoubtedly was cast somehow into the original solar nebula at the beginning of the solar system. It likely formed in another star system. Perhaps this nodule was ejected in a meteorite collision with the planet but that likely would not send it out of the star system. Possibly the planet on which it evolved was catastrophically destroyed in a huge planet-planet impact and the broken bits were scattered outside the star system and into the nebula that eventually formed our solar system.”
Computer modeling and isotopic evidence of a catastrophic collision of early Earth with a Mars sized protoplanet could support the idea. The collision was long before complex life evolved on Earth. The collision nearly destroyed Earth and its debris formed our Moon.[83] [84] Similar debris from protoplanetary collisions cast fragments of their metallic cores into the solar system as nickel-iron meteoroids. Asteroid 16 Psyche is the largest known remnant of a protoplanetary core. It is a metallic asteroid with a mean diameter of 186 kilometers.[85]
The phrase we are stardust is a fact. Every element heavier than helium and up to iron formed inside of early generation stars by nuclear fusion. Elements heavier than iron formed in supernova explosions of hydrogen spent stars that scattered stardust debris into clouds. These gas cloud nebulas coalesced into second generation stars and planets like our solar system.
“Altair, Houston. We have a room full of chaos down here. What a mess! We’ve had heads explode from the excitement. Drs. Jeffries, Lorenzo, and Nakahara who are here with us for consultation are joined by Dr. David Moreau from NASA Ames Exobiology on video call. We have CASSI’s image analysis and our AI image search on known arthropoid appendages concurs. There is no match in the widest net of databases. Your discovery, once verified in labs on Earth, has opened a new chapter in human history. With lab verification, we will know that there is extraterrestrial life. We have a consensus as to how to proceed. The topside of the nodule has been fully documented. We want CAMI to gently scrape a small trench in the regolith by the closer edge of the nugget to help free it. Then have CAMI gently lift it and hand it to Ellie. We fear that just freeing it and turning it over may allow it to drift free in the weak gravity. Ellie will use the sample brush to clean off dust so that we can complete the photo documentation. Ellie will hold the nugget with the bottom side facing out so that CAMI can bring the GHLI camera in to get the macro photos we need. Then, CAMI will gently bag, tag, and stow the sample in the SRC. We always wish Godspeed to the brave crew of Aquila. We now wish you Godspeed and get that nugget back to Earth! Houston, over and out.”
Coby addressed Ellie and CAMI, “OK, did you read Houston’s sampling request?”
“Loud and clear.”
“Affirmative, I will trench the nugget free and gently lift it to Ellie’s hands. Ellie will brush it clean and I will use the GHLI to image it.”
“Yes CAMI. Please proceed gently.”
Within moments that seemed like an eternity, Ellie was holding the precious nugget and had it brushed off. She raised her reflective visor to get a better look at the object in true color. CAMI captured an image of the iridescent nugget with the arthropoid inclusion in front of Ellie’s smiling face.
With the nuggets safely padded and contained in the SRC, Ellie and Coby made their way back to Altair. MMU-1 and MMU-2 were securely stowed in preparation for the next leg of the mission when they leave Bennu behind. CAMI’s AI was put into safe mode after being copied into CASSI’s system.
Libertas was repressed and opened. Vik and Abby welcomed Ellie and Coby back inside with open arms and congratulations. The suits and then the invaluable SRC were stowed. Coby took Ellie in his arms and gave her a long passionate kiss. “I’m glad that EVA is over and we’re back safe inside. Wow, what a discovery! Science will name this fossil life form after you: Rafaellus accardii.”
“Thank you for the honor, my Commander. However, I was thinking about that on our quiet traverse back to Altair. I cannot claim credit for this. All of our accomplishments on this mission are the sum of the accomplishments of the thousands of engineers and scientists back on Earth. Dr. Jeffries’ discovery of diterpenes in EET 23439 was directly responsible for our new recon that led to these nuggets. I was thinking that for this mission’s accomplishment in this discovery, the crewmembers most accountable are CASSI and CAMI. They should be recognized. I propose that the arthropoid inclusion genus and species be named Cassius camii. Indeed, we have entered a new chapter in the history of humankind.”
CASSI responded, “We are here to serve. We accept the honor if scientists back on Earth agree with your name proposal.”
The crew chatted and reveled in their discovery. What did the creature who donated its body part look like? What did other creatures from that world look like? Was there intelligent life there? The chain of what-ifs got wilder and wilder. After an hour, they needed to get back into their routine. There is only so much elation an explorer can bear at the moment of triumph. Even a mountain climber who has scaled Everest on the brightest of days surely celebrates the sweetest victory but must find the way back down the mountain. They each enjoyed their turn on the treadmill to burn off that energy of elation by choosing a favorite sim. That allows them to get their head into a place that is not on the small, cramped deep space hab. Ellie chose hiking the Italian Alps of Monte Rosa. She climbed to a cliff where she took to the air to soar higher and higher on her exercise wings.
The crew prepared a special dinner that brought out the best that was in their food stores and made them appreciate how far dehydrated space food had evolved and improved. On request, CASSI cued an anthology of soft jazz. Dinner began with caviar on unsalted crackers. They savored rehydrated non-alcohol red wine. Lobster bisque and Boeuf Bourguignon was next. Desert was Tiramisu.
Coby and Ellie retired early as was their privilege having made the arduous EVA. “I love you Ellie. I am so happy to have you with me now—all to myself. I fear that when we get back to Earth, I will have to share you with a demanding public and science community.”
“I will never leave you, my Commander. We need each other not only to get through the rest of this long mission but everything that follows. I see us happily married with gray hair and grandchildren.”
“Is that a proposal, my Captain?”
“Well, yes, I guess it is!”
“Then I accept!” Coby kissed her and savored her warm bare skin as they passionately clung to each other in the cozy sleep module.

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
September 30, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 73:05:32:26
Earth distance: 79,202,929 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 8 minutes 48 seconds

“Altair, Houston. We bid you good morning. We hope your night’s sleep was better than we had down here with all the excitement. Your proposed name for the fossil is accepted in accordance with the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature. Overnight, the photos and description has appeared in the scientific publication the Journal of Systematic Paleontology. Congratulations on Cassius camii. We extend our congratulations to CASSI and CAMI. This honor will break down the barrier of acceptance of true AIs into everyday life. We will follow this voice transmission with a digital data file of news articles and our request for your final days of remote sensing program on Bennu. Houston, over and out.”
The image of Ellie holding the nugget with the alien inclusion made all the news nets with the caption Aquila finds Extraterrestrial Life! Skeptics on Twitter decried “Fake news!” The skeptics amused the crew just as the Apollo astronauts were amused by naysayers that said the Moon landings were faked. In fact, The Flat Earth Society is alive and well. There is no visible curvature to the horizon even from airplanes… There are a plethora of resources available that show us we can’t trust the photographic evidence from organizations such as NASA…Most Flat Earthers think Astronauts have been bribed or coerced into their testimonies.[86]
Asteroid Bennu Comet 125P Rendezvous Insertion Maneuver (T2I)
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
October 6, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 79:13:26:45
Earth distance: 81,115,475 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 9 minutes 2 seconds

Before casting off the Deneb/Albireo resupply module, the crew works diligently to top off with consumables and stow all of the trash, especially solid human waste that cannot be recycled. With CASSI’s assistance, they must account for every gram of mass brought aboard Altair and trash offloaded onto the Albireo. The final tally is needed for their T2I burn calculations. The Deneb/Albireo service module has enough reserve propellant to send it to Mars after a decade of maneuvers. Its future use is unplanned but the hardware was worth the salvage effort.
Looking deep in the aft stores of the resupply module, Vik finds gold. “Look at this!” Arkady managed to send us a gift! It was so well hidden. It’s two liters of Stolichnaya Elit vodka with a note that reads, “Eta butylka dlya vashego samogo yarkogo chasa. (This bottle is for your finest hour).” Vik smiles and tells the rest of the crew, “This is a good thing for the celebration of the great things we have accomplished on this mission. We have overcome many things; we have persevered; we have made discoveries that have set humankind on the path to exploring and settling the solar system.” What he leaves unsaid is that the phrase could also have the opposite meaning of finding courage in your darkest hour.
Coby responds, “That’s a great find Vik! I’ll thank all of you to not ever let word of this out to Houston. Today, we need to get this mission on to 125P. Once we get on a perfect trajectory, we can consider a little celebration. Secure the Albireo racks and close the hatch for undocking. Stow the inventory we took on board Tarazed. CASSI, are your mass figures complete for the burn calculations?”
“Affirmative commander. The burn vector, thrust, and duration are calculated. A report is ready to transmit to Houston.”
“Roger that CASSI. Please send the report.”
“…Done.”
Abby calls from the stores bay in the aft of Tarazed, “Stores are stowed securely for the burn, Commander.”
“OK, crew. Let’s go strap into the couches in Rigel. It’s time to say farewell to Bennu.”
As they glide forward through Libertas, they pause to take a last look at Bennu from the Cupola. From their close-proximity holding orbit only three hundred meters away, the coal gray face of Bennu in the bright sunlight is stark and impressive. They could see Earth shining as a bright blue dot in Scorpio. To the left of Earth was the bright glowing bulge of center of the Milky Way.
Ellie comments, “Wow, what sight! We will miss you, Bennu. When we arrived, you impressed me as cold and impersonal. We know you better now but we must leave dear friend.”
“OK. Let’s get on. T2I in thirty five minutes…”
…Now strapped into the couches, Coby asks for a systems check.
Vik reports, “All Altair seals and pressures check tight. The Deneb cryo-stage pressures and systems check nominal and ready for T2I.”
“CASSI, Use lateral nadir thrusters to increase our altitude to one thousand meters from Bennu.”
“Affirmative. Firing now.” The crew feels a slight push in their seats. “Five hundred meters… eight hundred meters… one thousand meters… Nulled and holding.”
“CASSI, Initiate undocking with the Albireo.”
“Affirmative. Latches and docking springs released. Deneb is free.”
“At fifty meters, use lateral thrust on Deneb to increase its vector away from Altair at five meters per second… Goodbye, Albireo.” They watch out of the Rigel windows as the Albireo module recedes. Houston is passively receiving voice and video.
“T2I in one minute and counting…” From their couches below the command deck, Abby and Ellie smile and give thumbs up.
CASSI takes the count, “T2I in ten… nine… eight… firing chamber prestart… three… two… one… ignition.” The crew feels a jolt and increasing g-forces to 0.8 g. This is a feeling they have not felt for weeks. The heaviness and weight of their body was at first discomforting.
“Houston, Altair. T2I is nominal. Calculated burn duration three minutes and fifteen seconds…One minute remains…pressure and fuel readings on the money… CASSI, it’s all yours.”
“Cryo-stage shut down in three…two…one…Shut down.”
“CASSI, check vector state and prepare to jettison the cryo-stage.”
“Trajectory as per plan. Ready for jettison in three… two… one… Jettison complete.” The crew hears a bang and feels a kick from below their seats.
“Check all pressures and seals.”
Vik reports, “Pressures, seals, and trajectory nominal. We are on our way.”
“OK, crew, unstrap and wave farewell to Bennu and Deneb.” Both were receding rapidly behind them and out of sight. All they could see was blackness and void ahead.
Ellie comments, “Deeper into deep space. I miss Bennu already!”
“We have a one hundred and two day cruise ahead of us before we reach 125P. That’s about enough time to get some serious work done. Vik and I are working with coalition engineering teams on the design configuration of the Mars Base Camp orbiting station. Imagine, our home Tarazed, will be repurposed to become the first module of Mars Base Camp when we set her free to make the long way back to Mars. I hope they appreciate the decorating and not so new car smell.”
Abby replies, “A one hundred and two day cruise sounds like a prison sentence and well it might feel like one if we were stuck with the stuffy, impersonal crews I experienced on ISS. God, could you imagine being stuck on this mission with someone batshit crazy like Trask? How could we do this if we weren’t lovers and family?”
“I agree. One close family. However, Ellie and I are more than lovers. We are engaged! She proposed to me the night we had the discovery on the last EVA.”
“It’s true! We plan to marry when we get back. That promise will strengthen us through the darkest nights in deep space.”
Vik reached out, put his big arms around Abby, and gave her a kiss. “I love you Abby. I didn’t have the nerve to ask you before. Will you marry me? It’s not just because you saved my life!”
“Yes I will, you big Russian spaceman! I saved your life so you could ask me to marry you!”
“There you have it. Arkady would never have guessed this day and this occasion is what we call our finest hour. It’s time for a celebration! Here is the Stolichnaya Elit. We can’t pour the vodka in space so let’s drink and pass the bottle. Za Lyubit’! To Love!”
“OK, big boy. A celebration is indeed in order. But take it slow. Our bodies haven’t tasted alcohol for a long time. Za Lyubit’!” Coby took a drink.
“Za Lyubit’!” Ellie took a gulp and coughed. She came up smiling.
“Za Lyubit’!” Abby took a pull and her eyes grew big. She swallowed and laughed.
“Don’t let it float away. Save it for another day. Spasibo Arkady!” Vik capped the bottle and stowed it.
“Won’t the world be shocked when we return and walk down the aisle in a double wedding?”
“A scandal from deep space!” They all laughed and had another drink.
On the way to Comet 125P, the Altair had close encounters (by astronomical standards) with two asteroids. They were able to study them with their NavCam and PolyCam instruments.
On November 3, 2023, they encountered asteroid 1943 Anteros at a distance of 175,000 kilometers (0.0012 AU). The asteroid has a diameter of 2.3 kilometers and has a 2.9 hour rotation period.[87] It is a Mars orbit crossing, near Earth asteroid in the Amor family. It is an S-type siliceous asteroid of interest to asteroid mining concerns. It is especially valuable in deep space for in-situ space construction projects. Technology for 3D printing metal is now well advanced. The asteroid also has a significant quantity of precious metals including platinum and gold that could be worth a sizeable portion of the global GDP.[88]
On November 17, the Altair encountered another similar sized asteroid, 6178 (1986DA).86 However, this encounter was closer than Anteros. They passed at 85,000 kilometers (0.00058 AU) at a relative velocity of 15.3 kilometers per second. Even at that speed, their NavCam and PolyCam captured detailed images of the asteroid’s bizarre, battered surface. It was a fragment of some ancient catastrophic collision. Even more astounding was that they were in a cosmic shooting gallery. A pea-sized meteoroid could wreak havoc on Altair at that velocity.
Asteroid Bennu Comet Rendezvous Correction (CRC)
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
December 1, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 135:08:31:21
Earth distance: 193,774,263 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 21 minutes 33 seconds

The Aquila crew prepare for a planned mid-course correction burn. Coby takes a serious command tone after weeks of relaxed family-like routine. Each of them has ample professional research projects and leisure pursuits to keep them active and anything but bored on the long cruise phase.
“Ellie, secure the stores bay. Vik secure the mid-ships. Abby secure the medical, exercise, and EVA suit bays. I will check and secure equipment in Libertas and Rigel. The mid-course burn is in two hours and CASSI has the countdown and trajectory corrections. Houston and the DSN have confirmed CASSI’s course correction calculations. We will have a twenty-three second burn giving us a 1.3 g shakedown.”
“Aye aye, Commander, we’re on it. This is beginning to feel like a space mission! CASSI, please play some Mussorgsky. Night on Bald Mountain will do.”
CASSI plays the little game. “Aye aye Captain Accardi.”
The Altair is confirmed secure for the burn. At 08:21, the crew is in Rigel and strapped into their couches. From the Command and Pilot seats, Coby and Vik run through the critical systems checklist with CASSI. The OS-2 Cryo-stage is primed and ready for the CRC burn.
“Houston, Altair, CRC in one minute and counting…”
CASSI takes the count, “CRC in ten…nine…eight…firing chamber prestart… three… two…one…ignition.” The crew feels a jolt and increasing g-forces to 1.3 g. This is a feeling they have not felt for weeks. The heaviness and weight of their body was discomforting to extreme.
“Houston, Altair. CRC burn is nominal. Pressure and fuel green. Calculated burn duration is 46 seconds…Cryo-stage shut down in three…two…one…Shut down.”
“CASSI, check vector state.”
“Trajectory as per plan.”
“Check pressures and seals.”
Vik reports, “Standby… Pressures and seals nominal. Thank God. After the leak we had after TBI, I get nervous on every burn maneuver.”
“OK, crew, unstrap. 125P is all ours. We’ll be there is six more weeks.”
On the long cruise, Coby and Vik received detailed plans for the orbiting Mars Base Camp scheduled to be established in 2028, the first Mars crew landing scheduled for 2033, and the first permanent crewed base at Arcadia Planitia scheduled for 2035. The orbiting Mars Base Camp is slated to have a long-term crew of four until the first crew of four lands on Mars’ surface.
The Arcadia Planitia Base is the planned initial crew landing site. It is the first choice for initial crew landings and future colonies because of the accessible Mars water resources. There is ample evidence of ice in the near surface. It is one of the few places where there is abundant shallow ice at relatively low latitude. The ice is not related to the polar ice caps. Mars once held vast lakes and a northern hemisphere ocean with conditions that existed for a billion years. The subsurface water in Arcadia Planitia is thought to be a remnant of the northern ocean.

Mars NASA/JPL/University of Arizona MRO/HiRISE Image ESP_019195_2175 Location 37.32°N 182.20°E The texture is evidence of sublimation of shallow subsurface water ice on Mars. The dark blue splotch in the left image is from a very recent meteor impact.
The HiRISE images above show sections of Arcadia Planitia, part of the northern plains of Mars. These plains are extremely smooth at large scale as result of the northern ocean that once existed there. They plains are knobby and rough on a close scale. This surface texture is evidence of subsurface ground ice. Sublimation (a direct phase transition from ice to gas) may be responsible. The northern ocean left a surface layer believed to be icy dust and dusty ice. Sublimation of the ice in the now dry climate and very low atmospheric pressure leaves behind a knobby surface (left image) or a Swiss cheese texture (right image).

Another initial consideration for the choice of Arcadia Planitia is the presence of lava tube caves that could be used for subsurface habitats shielded from intense solar radiation. Lava tubes have been proposed as radiation safe habitat spaces on the Moon and Mars. However, these caves are not now critical to living on Mars. Crews and colonies will use new technology to 3D print radiation shielding sintered structures from Mars soil.[89]
Coby is vocal about his commitment to join the Arcadia Base. “This Aquila Mission is a stepping stone to Mars. It’s been great for us to demonstrate that a crew of four can work and live in close quarters as a family. Ellie, I want you to be at the front of the line with me to go to Arcadia Base. We have earned our place. I’ll be sixty-five, but long on experience and total motivation.”
“I will be there with you, Coby. Nothing could stop me.!”
Vik looks at Abby, “I’ll be seventy, but nothing would make my life more complete than to be part of the first colony there with Abby and you, my crew family, all together. Who knows, perhaps Oleg, my son, will be there with us!”
Coby smiles about the idea of a big family on Mars and wistfully thinks of his son, Jacob Petrov, who would be going on nineteen when the Arcadia Base is established.
“Honey, could you pull over in that service station just beyond that asteroid ahead?”

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
December 13, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 147:21:16:47
Earth distance: 217,915,329 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 24 minutes 13 seconds

A loud, shrill, staccato alarm wakes the Ellie and Coby three hours after they had retired. Abby and Vik were awake on shift. This alarm could only mean there was a major system fault. All of them had adrenaline coursing and felt their hearts pounding in their carotids. They were seasoned professionals and had heard this same alarm in sims many times. The big difference is that you always walk away from a sim regardless of the outcome. Now, they were over two hundred million kilometers from rescue. The only option is to find and fix the problem.
“CASSI, stop the alarm and report the alert status!”
“Affirmative. Alarm stops now. The system has registered a fault in the ECLSS system and it has shut down. Without resolution, we will have red-stage alert in twelve hours. Critical status in eighteen hours.”
Without a repair, the Aquila crew is in another life-threatening situation like the power failure they experienced in the solar storm. This problem is in the complex Environmental Control and Life Support System, or ECLSS. They had not lost the water stores as Trask’s sabotage scheme programmed, just the capability to process water for reclamation and oxygen production. Even more acute, the Sabatier processor scrubs carbon dioxide from the atmosphere of their living space. The carbon dioxide buildup would be deadly long before they ran out of oxygen or water.
Coby takes initiative. “CASSI, run an ECLSS systems check from the last ten minutes before the fault and narrow the problem by differential minute-by-minute diagnostics.”
“Affirmative, Commander. What I have is a healthy system that shut down completely and instantaneously.”
“CASSI, please give us an inventory of water stores, O2 backup, and CO2 status.”
“Water stores are at 410 liters. The two tanks in the main Oxygen Recharge System are at 364 bar. Atmospheric CO2 is at 413 ppm.”
“CASSI, please send a status report to Houston. OK, crew, CASSI gave us the status. The CO2 is the immediate concern. It will be a big issue in twelve hours and critical in eighteen hours. We are a bit better off than when we had the solar storm power failure since all other systems are up and we can circulate air. Let’s think logically about what could have shut down life support so suddenly.”
Vik offers his engineering expertise. “Let’s look at this from a standpoint of the failure mode and from a standpoint of what we can repair. I think we can rule out a mechanical failure. CASSI would have detected a fault in a mechanical system before it failed completely. Also, spending time troubleshooting compressors and condensers would be moot for now since we do not have spares. I’m inclined to think we had a circuit or circuit board failure. That would have caused the instantaneous shut down. We do have some key spares sent up on Deneb.”
“CASSI, please do a check of the circuits and control boards in the ECLSS.”
“I am trying to access them. I cannot do a circuit check where circuits are dead.”
“OK. So, we have established that there is a fault in the circuits or control boards. CASSI, can you systematically apply low current to modules to find which circuit or circuit board is dead?”
“I am accessing successive modules in the ECLSS. Modules, compressors, and condensers, and their circuits checks nominal. The control circuits are dead in the ECLSS control panel.”
“My engineering expertise includes a sensitive nose. Coby, please assist me to open the ECLSS control panel.”
Abby asks, “What can I do to help? I’m a surgeon, not an electrician.”
“Dear, you can do us a big service by holding the Maglite.”
“I’m on it.”
“Removing the locktite screws on the ECLSS control panel… Removing the control panel cover. CASSI, please make sure the power supply to the control panel is off.”
“Done.”
The anodized aluminum cover is a half meter square. Vik puts the locktite screws in a Ziploc bag and lets the panel cover float beside Ellie. Vik puts his face a few centimeters from the control boards and sniffs.
“I’m getting a faint scent of ozone and burnt plastic…Stronger here. I think we have the culprit here where the smell is strongest. Please get the Maglite closer… Thanks, dear. I see a faint black char in the center of the ECLSS Control Logic Board. I’m removing it now.”
Vik gently grasps two corners of the Control Logic Board and wiggles it free.
“CASSI, check our spares inventory for ECLSS CLB Model 17JZ574.”
“Checking. You retrieved a spare from Deneb just beside where you found the vodka.”
Abby exclaims, “Thank God! Logan will not have us this day.”
Ellie giggles with relief and gives Coby a hug. Her eyes are welling with tears. “I feel like I can breathe again. It’s a hell of a lot more frightening way out here alone than we had to chase down failures in the endless sim scenarios.”
“I couldn’t agree more. We still need to find that spare and get it installed…” They find an insulated and padded pouch labeled ECLSS CLB Model 17JZ574 in the Stores Bay. Vik installs it with the calm hands of a surgeon.
“Ellie, pass the panel cover and bag of screws please…Done. CASSI, restore power and check the ECLSS functions.”
“Power restored. ECLSS initializing. The CLB checks good. Compressors and condensers are running. A full cycle check will take twelve hours.”
“Thank you, CASSI!”
“Altair, Houston. We read your ECLSS failure. We have the back room working diagnostics from the digital report. Let’s remain calm and work the problem.”
“Houston, Altair. While we were in silence with the two-way radio delay, Vik did some expert troubleshooting and he replaced the ECLSS CLB with a spare you sent us on Deneb. By the time you hear this report, I will be working off some tension on a treadmill sim. By the way, Vik fixed the treadmill yesterday with a brace he 3D printed. If you have anything you need to have fixed, send it on up! Altair, over and out.” They all had a laugh.

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
December 25, 2023
Mission Elapsed Time 159:12:00:00
Earth distance: 242,052,640 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 26 minutes 54 seconds
Christmas Celebration
Christmas Day 2023 is being celebrated around the world. The date is not ignored on Altair. At the prompting of Houston, a Nomex bag marked Do Not Open Until Christmas is found deep in the stores bay. None of the crew is outwardly religious. They do have pangs of pain from memories of Christmas past and departed loved ones. These pangs are quickly damped down by enjoying a secular celebration of Christmas here on Altair with those closer in so many ways than they could have ever imagined.
They put up decorations and don the hats found in the bag. Each of them finds a small package with their name on it. The packages had been lovingly wrapped back home. New video files of greetings are exchanged with colleagues, friends, and family. They especially enjoy a video exchange with the ISS crew who are enjoying a real, but previously frozen, turkey. The Altair bag, needing to save mass, contained a special Christmas dinner with freeze dried turkey and all the trimmings. It was reconstituted to a palatable meal with hot water recycled from the ECLSS.
When dinner is served, the crew open a video feed for the networks. Holiday music is playing. As they float gracefully restrained by footholds in the galley, Coby begins, “Season’s Greetings to all of you back home on Earth. Peace and Joy be with you. We as the crew of the Aquila Mission on the deep space vehicle Altair are enjoying a traditional turkey dinner with mashed potatoes, gravy, and cranberry sauce. Our message takes almost fifteen minutes at the speed of light to reach you. Yes, we are traveling faster and farther from Earth than any crew has before us. We are over 242 million kilometers from home and have been traveling for over five months. Some of you watching may go farther in deep space perhaps traveling to Mars as colonists. You may be traveling faster and get there in weeks instead of months. Ellie, I know you have some words.”
“Thanks, Coby. We are approaching the orbit of Mars but it’s way ahead of us. Our next target, comet 125P, is getting very close. Telescopes on Earth can see that it has been as quiet as an asteroid. We will still approach it with caution and look forward to making discoveries there as unexpected as those we encountered at Bennu. Labs on Earth are eagerly looking forward to the samples we will bring home. We will be home before Christmas next year. Crew, please join me: Peace and Joy to all of you back home on the good Earth.”

CHAPTER 14 Objective 125P
“We were like the Mount Everest climbers … in our quest for the summit. Like those climbers, we were motivated by a fear far greater than death—the fear of not reaching the top.”
―Mike Mullane, Riding Rockets: The Outrageous Tales of a Space Shuttle Astronaut
Comet 125P/Spacewatch and Vega Rendezvous
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
January 16, 2024
Mission Elapsed Time 181:16:47:37
Earth distance: 286,315,367 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 31 minutes 35 seconds

The Aquila crew note the passing of the day that they might have arrived at Mars had this mission been sailing there on a similar Hohmann transfer orbit.
Vik comments, “Mars, you’re a long way off still—but we have come the distance. We have the technology and the will to get there.”
Coby adds, “We are also at the farthest point from Earth that we will get on this mission. It’s all downhill from here. Every hour and every day, we get closer to returning home. I’m getting closer to my home. Cue Grand Funk Railroad!”
“Not so fast, Commander Brewster. We have a rendezvous with our comet that will be another one for the history books. We have some important science to do.”
“Of course we do, Captain Accardi. It’s why we came. Let’s get ready for our rendezvous with the Vega resupply module first. The rendezvous is in six hours. It’s reassuring to have her on station and taking our calls. I hope they packed some Texas Pete. It really helps get our food down. We have been out for two weeks!”
“Before Texas Pete, we need to find the hygiene kits that are on the manifest. We were supposed to be supplied for the entire thirteen-month mission even without the resupply modules. The reality with that scenario is that we might have survived with very meager short rations. We have been out of wet wipes, rinseless shampoo, and deodorant for days going on weeks. Toothpaste is down to what you can tease out of empty tubes. I’m beyond ripe and, my Commander, so are you. I love you anyways.”
“Come here and kiss me you dirty lady!”
The Vega rendezvous and docking went by-the-book this time. The all-important cryo-stage is undocked from Vega and mated to Altair OOS-2 for their return to Earth. The docking maneuvers are automated. Coby and Vik monitor multi-angle video feeds and proximity sensors. The docking ring provides a control umbilical connect to operate the added cryo-stage. The backup is radio control. The Vega Albireo supply module is docked securely to the Libertas module. They used the Libertas starboard docking adapter for Albireo docking again since the port docking adapter proved faulty at Bennu. The ROV Wallaby is undocked from Vega. CASSI operates the ROV with Coby and Vik directing. They dock the ROV Wallaby next to MMU-1 on the exterior of the Libertas module. The ROV was named Wallaby by a grad student attending the early mission design phase at Goddard. The inspiration was the historic Philae lander that had bounced on the Comet 67P during the Rosetta Mission back in 2014. The Wallaby design was configured to have the same science instrumentation as MMU-1. It has a copy of the CAMI artificial intelligence program to carry out its tasks in concert with the human crew and CASSI on board Altair.
“CASSI, check pressures and seals to Albireo.”
“Seals and pressures nominal. Hatches can be opened. New cookies, please!”
The Aquila crew spends the rest of this day and the next offloading desperately needed and sincerely welcome consumables from the Vega resupply module. Then with blessed relief, they offloaded trash and waste from Tarazed. The new stores included an ample supply of hygiene kits, six plastic bottles of Texas Pete hot sauce, and twenty-four electronic cookie data sets for CASSI to devote her supercomputing prowess during idle time. There are many parcels and letters from friends, colleagues, and loved ones back on Earth. The parcels were sent before the Aquila Mission launched and so the news was a bit out of date. Nonetheless, they were sorely anticipated and made the crew feel closer to home. The gags from NASA colleagues managed to top the batch sent in the Deneb resupply module.
One type of consumable was needed nearly as much as the food stores and hygiene kits. Their clothing was getting threadbare and had in itself become an inside joke to the crew. Each of them had a package with new crew shirts, shorts, socks, and underwear. In their packages with the clothes, each of them had a surprise from Ben Kirk, the NASA Flight Operations Director. Coby and Vik each received gold lamé thong underwear. Ellie and Abby each received a sheer leopard print teddy with matching panties.
“You would think old Ben was implying that we’re ready for a second date!” They laughed until their sides hurt.
“Houston, Altair. Houston, Altair, Commander Brewster. I have a message for Ben Kirk…”

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
January 18—February 16, 2024
Mission Elapsed Time Days 183-212
Comet 125P/Spacewatch Exploration Phase
Ellie used the PolyCam and NavCam instruments onboard Altair to study Comet 125P/Spacewatch beginning from two million kilometers away. Its shape is irregular like a misshapen Idaho potato. She determined that its rotation rate is 37.3 hours. The comet’s 1.6 kilometer diameter is more than three times the diameter of Bennu.
Comet 125P/Spacewatch has an orbital period of 5.6 years. It reaches perihelion with about one third of its orbit is just inside the orbit of Mars. The comet’s aphelion is almost at the distance of Jupiter’s orbit. With this frequent onslaught from the Sun’s fierce heat on every orbit, Comet 125P is nearly spent of near-surface volatiles. On some perihelion passes, the comet’s tail and coma have been barely visible. Despite this, they keep the Altair at one hundred kilometers distance to avoid debris from outgassing. This is still within the working range of the ALMS-LIDAR.
On Mission Day 183, the crew begins their science program on the comet. The details of the comet’s surface are revealed. There are house-sized boulders and inactive outgassing pits and vents. On Mission Day 183 to 184, they complete a full ALMS-LIDAR survey to narrow down ROV Wallaby targets.
Over the next few weeks, they conduct remote comet traverses, exploration, landings, and sampling with the ROV Wallaby. The sampling program has nearly completed all the mission requirements. The invaluable samples of this body from the origin of the solar system are safely stowed in vacuum sealed SRCs in the lower equipment bay on the Rigel capsule for Earth return with the crew.
Unlike the Philae landing on Comet 67P back in 2014, the comet landings are precisely controlled and secured by harpoons on a monopod just as had been done with MMU-1 on Bennu. CASSI operates the ROV with Coby and Vik directing. CAMI, on board the ROV, controls the fine surface work. The missions are planned and operated very much like the MMU EVAs on Bennu. The main difference is the one hundred kilometer commute to and from the comet’s surface. On several traverses, they record spurious X-ray readings from the APXS on Wallaby when the instrument is in passive mode. It is interpreted to be instrument noise or a source from outside the solar system.
On February 14, Mission Day 210, Ellie is reviewing PanCam images of the comet augmented by Wallaby. She had been documenting vents and looking for outgassing activity. So far, all of the vent candidates she found were inactive.
“Now here is an anomaly! Guys, you need to see this now!”
Coby glides up with Abby and Vik following. “What the—nature doesn’t do that!”
“No way!”
“Good God! I feel chills down to my bones!”
Ellie comments calmly now, “I have documented twenty-three inactive vent candidates and then I found this oddly symmetrical vent shape. As you can see, it’s an opening that at first looks like a vent or cave mouth about ten meters high and twenty meters wide but it has the symmetry of an elongated hexagon! You’re right Coby, it can’t be natural, could it?. Could this have anything to do with the low frequency radio waves and spurious X-rays we’ve detected?”
“Let’s get images and a report off to Houston right away. I don’t think they’ll have an explanation but we need some guidance on how to proceed.”
He keys the com link, “Houston, Altair. Houston, Altair. We have encountered an anomaly on the comet’s surface. Images and a report follow immediately. We need you to digest the images and give us some guidance on how to proceed with a direct investigation. Altair over and out.”
Ellie reports, “CASSI, is in on the buzz. She performed an image search in the huge data sets of close-up images we have from Wallaby excursions. This frame has a close view of the anomaly and partially images what appears to be a smooth metallic-looking floor inside. I’ll send this image captioned with commentary as addendum to the report we just sent off to Houston…”
“Altair, Houston. The vent anomaly you found is perhaps the greatest discovery ever in comet science. We’re sorry for the delay in answering your call and report. We had to digest it here and take it higher. This decision goes to highest level of the International Space Coalition. Keep Wallaby on autonomous control for now. We recognize that 125P has been dormant and that the next steps involve some mission risk. Bring Altair down to a ten-kilometer range and scan a one-kilometer radius area centered on the vent anomaly with the ALMS-LIDAR. Then scan the vent in detail with a short LIDAR pulse. If all remains quiet on the comet and at the anomaly, bring Altair in to one kilometer and go EVA to explore the vent anomaly. We want to assign Ellie to MMU-1 and Coby to MMU-2. Please confirm your assent to carry out this EVA. Your human observation, reasoning, and communication skills are required for exploring the anomaly. Houston, over and out.”
Off transmission, Ellie says, “Well, Coby, it’s nice of them to volunteer us for approaching that comet vent against all mission protocols. But I have to tell you, I’m scared.”
“My dear Ellie, I will be there with you sharing the same fear. You wouldn’t be human if you didn’t feel some fear in the face of the truly unknown. We can potentially learn so much down there that we must go with Houston’s directive.”
Vik weighs in, “I agree with Abby. We must go down there. I would gladly go first but Houston has spoken. Meanwhile, we should get closer to get the ALMS-LIDAR data Houston requested. We might learn something from it before going EVA.”
“CASSI, take us down to ten kilometers from the surface of the comet at ten meters per second and give us an ETA. Hold at ten kilometers and station keep above the anomaly.”
“Affirmative. Initiating descent at ten meters per second. ETA is in two hours and forty-seven minutes. If I may say for the record, my analysis is that this is the right course of action. All sensors are focused on the comet and the anomaly. I will alert you if there are any changes in the readings.”
Coby opens comms, “Houston, Altair. We read your EVA request and confirm that we will carry it out tomorrow after the ALMS-LIDAR survey and EVA prep. We are descending toward 125P now. We will schedule the EVA egress at 09:00 MET. Altair over and out.”
CASSI completes the descent to ten kilometers and the ALMS-LIDAR and GPR (ground penetrating radar) work. “The GPR return is consistent with a metallic interface about ten meters below the dirty ice crust. The one square kilometer LIDAR survey gives detailed surface readings around the anomaly. This is comparable to other geologic readings. The near interior mouth of the anomaly gives a reading of a dense metal. I detect no outgassing from the comet. I will closely monitor it. We are safe at this altitude. I will lower us to one-kilometer from the anomaly by 08:00 MET tomorrow for the EVA.”
“Thank you, CASSI. Please send a report to Houston.”
“It’s been a long day. Let’s get something to eat and then try to get some rest. I don’t pretend that sleep will come easy under the circumstances.”

After dinner, Coby joins Ellie by their sleep module. “I thought we could use a diversion to get our minds of the EVA tomorrow. Did you forget that it’s Valentine’s Day, Commander?” She is wearing the teddy she received in the resupply shipment and gives Coby a big smile.
“That truly is a diversion! In fact, I did forget Valentine’s Day. I promise I’ll make it up to you! How about now?”
He kisses Ellie and pulls her close. With a gentle push off they glide into Coby’s sleep module and close the hatch.
125P EVA-1: Inspecting the Vent
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
February 17, 2024
Mission Elapsed Time 213:08:51:13
Earth distance: 249,156,253 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 27 minutes 41 seconds

At 08:51 MET, Ellie and Coby are in Libertas, depressurized, and ready to open the hatch and egress. Ellie’s helmet cameras and radio are feeding to Altair and from there to Houston.
09:00 MET. “Houston, Altair. 125P EVA-1 suited and commencing… Opening hatch… Attaching tether at A1 outside Libertas. Coby is egressing behind me.”
Ellie and Coby are on 125P EVA-1 to investigate the oddly symmetrical shaped vent anomaly and the low frequency radio wave noise emanating from the comet. On the traverse to the opening, CAMI reports, “I have just noted a weak X-ray response in the APXS in passive mode. This is the same as the spurious X-ray readings from Wallaby. Request that we reverse course to attempt to pick it up again.”
Ellie replies, “Coby and Altair, MMU-1, did you read CAMI’s transmission? I agree that we should reverse course to try to find the signal again. “
Coby responds, “Roger, CAMI, reverse to relocate the signal.”
“Affirmative. Reversing.” Both MMUs come about 180 and move slowly back toward Altair about 200 meters away. “There is the X-ray response again. There it is. We have it three times now, each at a slightly different z-vector from the surface of 125-P. Requesting to approach toward 125P one hundred meters on that vector.”
“Roger, CAMI, proceed.”
“Affirmative…”
Coby and Ellie notice a slow descent toward the comet. “CAMI, resume the traverse to the vent anomaly on 125P.”
“Affirmative.”
They feel a nudge as their MMUs descend toward the vent. The dark elongated hexagonal twenty-meter wide opening grows larger. The MMUs pass into the dark shadow of the opening. They are momentarily blind in the dark space.
“CAMI, headlamps please.”
The headlamps on both MMUs snap on. Ellie describes the vent floor for the record. “Oohoo! Is this natural? The headlamps and reveal a furrowed metallic floor that had appeared so unnaturally smooth from remote sensing. The color is an almost translucent crimson to burnt umber. It seems to glow in the reflected light. The vent back recedes into darkness. CAMI, do you detect anything farther inside the vent?”
“Affirmative. LIDAR indicates that the vent narrows and is blocked by a large irregular boulder. APXS readings on the floor indicate that it has a composition generally consistent with some rare iron meteorites. The vent floor is 37% iron, 23% Nickel, 20% chromium, 8% cobalt, 4% molybdenum, 3% copper, and 2 % tungsten, and 3% undefined denser elements. Too bad we don’t have the tools to sample it.”
“Wow! So, the vent is natural but bizarre for a comet. Coby, it’s not an ETI redoubt but the discovery is still mind blowing!”
“Future prospectors would find this worth a fantastic fortune for enterprise in space.”
“There is a spectrum between asteroids and comets. I think our 125P is more on the asteroid end of the spectrum but a large metallic chunk in a comet is definitely not in any model and that laundry list of metals has not been found in any meteorite we have studied.”
“The asteroid spectrum runs from rocky to metallic. Doesn’t this fit in somewhere?”
“No. It’s like a calico cat. Part this and part that. Part comet and part metallic.”
Astrogeologists have had a tidy model of all comets being dirty ice balls. The Rosetta mission to 67P showed that that comet was more dirt than snow as expected for most short period comets that have lost most of their volatiles. Nickel-Iron meteorites formed in the core of a long since destroyed proto-planet. They do not have this exotic metal composition. The odd one out is the body that cruised through the solar system a few years ago. Its trajectory came in from above the ecliptic and it flew right back out of the solar system. It was not from our solar system and it defies classification. We have never before seen an object from outside the solar system. It was given the romantic name A/2017 U1 Oumuamua. It remains unclassified and it has a bizarre shard-like ten-to-one oblong shape.
“I have hunch that this metallic chunk isolated in our comet might have formed outside the simple model of our original solar nebula. This feels bigger than I’m prepared to handle without talking to colleagues. I think we should back out with the data and video we have and consult with Houston.”
“Roger that. Ellie, if you are finished, let’s get back.”
“Finished and anxious to get back! CAMI, please engage our traverse back to Altair.”
“Affirmative. ETA is five minutes and thirty-three seconds.”
During the traverse back, Ellie and Coby are silent except for routine exchanges for closing out the EVA. Each was mentally reviewing the close encounter with the bizarre comet. Backs to the Sun, they are able to raise their helmet visors. They were looking at the stars and the brilliant Milky Way with awe deeper than ever before. Altair is looming ahead and Wallaby is finishing survey traverses below.
Ellie breaks the silence. “There are so many stars that I almost get lost trying to find the constellations I’m so familiar with back home. I can make out Rigel but with tens of times more stars than we see from Earth. I can make out not only the Great Nebula in Rigel’s sword but the nebulosity around Alnitak and around almost all the rest of Rigel. God, that’s our spur of the Milky Way and on to the larger Perseus arm to the right. Our Sun is just a speck in all this. It’s overwhelming.”
“I’m with you on that. It’s mind boggling. One speck in about three hundred billon stars in the Milky Way. Out here, our eyes can take the perspective farther. Can you see the Andromeda galaxy below Perseus and Cassiopeia? It’s glorious in this blackness. It spans about six times the width of the full Moon.”
“God yes! I see it! Our closest neighbor spiral galaxy: the Milky Way’s twin and only two and a half million light years away and moving towards us at a fast clip.”
“Imagine what our sky will look like in another four billion years when the Milky Way merges with Andromeda.”
“Now that gives me chills on top of my goose bumps Coby! Eyes on Libertas now. We’re almost home and the door’s open waiting for us.”
“What an EVA!”
13:46 MET. Back inside Libertas, they remain suited while CASSI equalizes pressure with Rigel and Tarazed. “Pressure equalized.”
“I’m going to do a quick check of the SIC.” Ellie goes forward and completes a routine check of the Sample Isolation Compartment (SIC) in the lower equipment bay of Rigel. The most important samples in the history of space exploration are stowed there, including comet samples and core tubes recently acquired by Wallaby on comet landing forays. The SIC is secure. The invaluable cache of science samples makes Ellie smile. Labs back on Earth will get almost infinitely more data from these samples than were gleaned from past comet flybys. She floats back into Libertas to join Coby. They remove helmets.
“Opening hatch to Tarazed.”
Vik and Abby are there brimming with emotion giving Coby and Ellie high fives. Attempted hugs are awkward since Coby and Ellie are still suited. Deft hands help them unsuit.
Abby speaks. “Welcome back from a new page in the history of comet exploration!”
Ellie tries to find word. “Wow. All I can say is wow! Can you believe what we have found? I got so excited I wet myself! Good thing that I’m wearing my MAG.”
Coby has his engineer’s mind engaged. “We can clean our shorts later. I’m trying to imagine the economic possibilities of what we can learn from this.”
Vik responds. “We have relayed our preliminary report, all the raw data, and video to Houston including your exploration of the vent. Additionally, we need to put our analysis into a report to send to Houston.”
Coby keyed open comms for voice and video feed. “Houston, Altair. 125P EVA-1 is closed. We entered the vent and got detailed readings of a metallic surface inside. By the time you hear this you will have the raw data details.”
14:28 MET. “Altair, Houston. Altair, Houston. We have only had about ten minutes to digest your preliminary report. The raw data are still streaming in. Your APXS readings on the metallic floor of the vent anomaly and recon are by far the greatest and strangest findings on this or any comet yet studied. The images and video from your EVA have the networks buzzing! The spurious X-ray readings are a mystery that defies explanation and has kindled all kinds of speculation from the science community and legions of quacks. We have your assessment that the metallic vent floor is too hard and dense to sample. We put you in harm’s way to get close and personal with the comet. It has paid off in spades and any further investigation will have to wait for a future mission. We can surely get support from the International Space coalition to design a robotic probe, based on the Wallaby design but equipped with electromagnetic pads, to send back to 125P to enter, explore and sample the anomalous vent. Standby… Altair alert. This was just handed to me. The following is an advisory raised to a warning to retreat: Observations from Mauna Kea shows outgassing activity starting in a vent on the opposite side of 125P from your anomaly. Repeat, warning to retreat from the comet and raise your distance to one hundred kilometers. Confirm. Houston, over and out.”
14:29 MET. “Houston, Altair. Your retreat warning is received. Raising our distance to one hundred kilometers. Altair out.”
“CASSI, please raise our distance from 125P to one hundred kilometers at ten meters per second. Maintain relative orientation. Bring Wallaby out with us.”
“Affirmative. Initiating ascent at ten meters per second. One hundred kilometers will be achieved in two hours and forty-seven minutes.”
As with any maneuver, they hear the thrusters with a muffled bang and find themselves momentarily drifting toward the wall closest to the comet.
The bizarre metallic body the Aquila crews found lodged inside comet 125P spurs our imagination about the formation of comets and bodies outside our familiar solar system. The year 2017 brought an object, A/2017 U1 Oumuamua, streaking in from above the plane of the solar system in a parabolic loop around the Sun. It was determined to be from some stellar system beyond. It remains unclassified and it has a bizarre red-hued, shard-like ten-to-one oblong shape.
There are 3494 named comets in the JPL small Database Browser. Most are thought to originate in the outer reaches of the solar system in the Oort cloud. There may be trillions of comets in the Oort cloud which spans out as much as three light years, more than half-way to the nearest star. Occasionally, a gravitational interaction will send an Oort comet in a hyperbolic trajectory towards the Sun. Short period comets had their trajectories perturbed by Jupiter and are essentially captured to stay orbiting the Sun from Jupiter to the inner solar system.
The international science community has a rich history of robotic comet exploration. The first comet probe launched was the International Cometary explorer. It flew through the tails of Comet Giacobini-Zinner in 1985 and Comet Halley in 1986. Additionally, two Russian and two Japanese probes flew past Comet Halley in 1986. The most famous of Halley explorers was ESA’s Giotto which flew past the nucleus of Comet Halley at a distance of less than 600 kilometers on March 13, 1986. It returned iconic images of the Halley’s coal black nucleus spewing numerous bright jets of dust and gas.
Deep Space 1 flew by Comet Borrelly in 2001 and returned unprecedented images of the comet. The NASA Stardust Mission flew through the dust from Comet Wild 2, passing within 240 kilometers of the nucleus in January 2004. The probe captured comet dust particles and returned them back to Earth in 2006 and discovered a new class of organics in the comet dust. This new type of extraterrestrial organic material does not contain polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) the most common organic molecules found in space. The comet grains show a wild variety of compositions, including many different types of minerals and various types of organics. It suggests that comets contain some of the original organic products formed in the dense interstellar nebulae where their particle contents were bombarded by cosmic rays and ultraviolet radiation.[90]
The ESA Rosetta probe orbited Comet 67P Churyumov–Gerasimenko. In 2014, its lander Philae, made history by successfully landing on the comet’s surface. Results found that organic matter made up forty percent (by mass) of the nucleus of comet 67P. The organic compounds, combining carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen, are building blocks of life on Earth. Evidence points to these organic molecules being formed in interstellar space, well before the formation of the Solar System.[91] The Rosetta probe orbited 67P at an average distance of fifty to one hundred kilometers and got as close as ten kilometers. Out gassing was observed as 67P reached perihelion inside the orbit of Mars (see images below). The Rosetta mission success was a catalyst for sending a human crew on the Aquila Mission.

Rosetta Mission to Comet 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko: comet outgassing jets at perihelion. (Photo by ESA/Rosetta/MPS for OSIRIS Team MPS/UPD/LAM/IAA/SSO/INTA/UPM/DASP/IDA).
It has been assumed that Earth’s water originated from comets impacting the Earth in the Late Heavy Bombardment about 3.5 billion years ago. However, that is thrown in to doubt from measurements of the isotope ratios of deuterium to protium (D/H ratio) in the four comets Halley, Hyakutake, Hale-Bopp, and 67P/Churyumov–Gerasimenko. The D/H ratio of those comets is approximately double that of oceanic water.
Comets are 4.6 billion year old frozen remnants of the solar nebula, the nebula that formed the Earth and all life on it. There have been recent advances in our understanding of the formation of all elements (nucleosynthesis) forming those clouds. This is key to understanding the origin and composition of the gas and dust in the original solar nebula and interstellar space.
The formation of our universe in the Big Bang resulted in the formation of hydrogen and lesser amounts of helium and lithium. It has been widely accepted that all other elements of the periodic table form with the life and death of stars. Our Sun is considered a low mass star. Its immense energy is from fusion of hydrogen into helium. The Sun will continue doing this for another five billion years until the hydrogen runs low. Then, gravitational collapse will fire helium fusion to carbon. When helium fusion initiates, the star may shed outer layers of hydrogen and helium but not more complex star stuff.
High mass stars, greater than four times the mass of the Sun, can do more interesting stellar alchemy. There, carbon, oxygen, and nitrogen play a key role in high energy, high rate fusion. Advanced nuclear fusion in high mass stars eventually results in shells of hydrogen, helium, carbon, oxygen, neon, magnesium, and silicon. Nucleosynthesis in this high mass star cannot proceed past iron. An oversimplification has it that gravitational collapse of this evolved, dying star results in a tremendous explosion as a Type II supernova where all other elements form. The shredded star spreads its star stuff into nebulae to form second generation stars like our Sun, its attending planets, and life on Earth. The dead core of the supernova star becomes so dense that atoms collapse forming a neutron star.
The advances in understanding of nucleosynthesis demands that creating the complete periodic table involves even more exotic processes. A Type II supernova only fills out the periodic table to element 40, zirconium. The physics of synthesizing heavier elements through element 94, plutonium, require an even greater explosion of energy provided by the bizarre merger of two neutron stars. The collision of the neutron stars rapidly produces heavy elements in what is known as r-process nucleosynthesis.[92] There is now stunning confirmation of these events with the observation of gamma ray bursts accompanied by gravitational wave ripples.
Some of the naturally formed elements are radioactive and decay into daughter elements with a precise half-life. Fortuitously this provides a radiometric clock for geology and astrogeology. Meteorites, fragments of asteroids, yield the 4.6 billion year radiometric age date of our solar system. They are dated by as many as five independent radiometric methods. For example, uranium-238 decays to lead-206 with a half-life of 4.47 billion years. Potasium-40 decays to argon-40 with a half-life of 1.25 billion years.
What bizarre matter and mixtures of elements and isotopes could have been found in the extra-solar body A/2017 U1 Oumuamua that recently visited our solar system?
Kissed by a jet
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
February 17, 2024
Mission Elapsed Time 213:15:11:53
Earth distance: 249,156,253 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 27 minutes 40 seconds

As Altair has been retreating from 125P, the comet has been rotating beneath them. CASSI initiates a warning. “Crew alert. Current distance from 125P is forty-five kilometers. The comet outgassing jet is beginning to intersect with Altair.”[93]
“OK, CASSI. Increase relative velocity to twenty meters per second away from the comet.”
“Affirmative.”
They hear the muffled bangs of the thrusters but now it is mixed with the distant sound of a rain stick as particles from the comet impact Altair’s hull. Again the crew drifts with their inertia to the wall facing the comet, action and reaction in the service of Newton’s laws. But it’s different now. They are slowly sliding down toward the stores bay. The rain stick sound intensifies. They are sliding down faster.
“Grab a bulkhead or anything you can get a hold of! We’re tumbling end-over-end!”[94]
Ellie cries out, “Ouch! I found the bulkhead with my head! Wow! I—I think I’m OK.”
Vik reports, “Holding on!”
Abby says, “Holding on! Ellie, I’ll get to you as soon as we get this under control. Yeah, you got a good knock. I can see a bead of blood forming on your forehead. We’ll get you patched up.”
“God, Ellie! Hold on. CASSI, null this pitch rotation please! Report on internal pressure.”
Their rotation is causing about a half-g of acceleration. A few items, not fully secured, drifted down into the stores bay. More bangs from the thrusters. The rain stick sound moves around the hull as they rotate.
“Thrusters are compensating to null the pitch rotation. It will take some time to fully compensate the shove we are getting from the jet. Estimating its impact velocity at two hundred fifty meters per second relative. Current rotation of Altair is two rpm and decreasing. Internal atmosphere 101.3 kPa and holding.”
“CASSI, send Houston a status report.”
“Understood, but we have lost Ka, X, and S-band links. I will reestablish dish orientation and radio links when we stabilize.”
“Ellie, how are you doing?”
“I’m OK, I think. We never covered this on a sim. The comet has spoken!” Just then the hab lights flicker. “It’s a damn good thing we’re moving with the comet. The jet velocity at two hundred fifty meters per second relative is still seventy-five percent of the speed of a rifle bullet. I expect most of the particles are micron sized and so don’t have the momentum to hole us. The Earth plows through meteor shower comet debris at up to forty kilometers per second. Even though the particles are no bigger than a grain of sand, that relative velocity would rip right through us.”
“That’s not a pleasant thought. It sounds like the movie Mission to Mars. One of their crew took a micrometeoroid right through the hand and their ship was holed in many spots including propellant lines! We’ll have to do a thorough inspection. Ha! Vik and I have plenty of duct tape to patch any holes.”
Ellie reports, “Now that’s comforting! I think we are nulled out. I’m floating free again. Not a moment too soon. I’m starting to feel a bit spacey.”
Abby drifts to her. “Got you now Ellie. Let’s get you to the medical bay…”
Abby does not find any obvious sign of a concussion. Ellie’s head wound is treated and bandaged. She is put on light duty and kept under observation. CASSI reestablishes dish orientation and radio links to send Houston a report. Coby and Vik complete a thorough Wallaby ROV survey of the exterior of Altair and beams it to Houston. The torque between modules raised the concern about docking adapter seal integrity like what happened with the torque induced at TBI. The docking adapter seals, all life support, and propellant pressures appear stable. The only damage found is some wear on some paint surfaces including the Aquila emblem. The image of the battered logo and images of the comet jet made big news and brought the mission once again back to the world’s attention.
The Comet Speaks Again
February 18, 2024
Mission Elapsed Time 214:14:27:41
Earth distance: 247,948,787 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 27 minutes 30 seconds

Science and survey work on comet 125P was suspended when Houston ordered the retreat. The Aquila crew is still very much alone in deep space and 184 days from home. They are holding at two hundred kilometers from the comet and monitoring jet activity. Coby and Vik are in Libertas preparing to send Wallaby on a one-way trip to 125P. The ROV comet lander has performed well. It and especially its mass will not be needed for the trip home. Vik pilots the lander to a smooth area near a large boulder on the comet’s surface. He directs it to take a selfie with the boulder and Altair in the background.
“CAMI, please download the photo from Wallaby then begin ROV power down-hibernate sequence.”
“Affirmative.”
“You have served us well Wallaby. Goodbye. CASSI, please monitor CAMI’s shutdown and give our fondest regards.”
“Confirmed. CAMI’s operating system is always part of me.”
“Vik, do you smell that?”
“Da. It smells like almonds. No there’s more than that. It’s not good Coby! I’m getting a headache and I f-feel d-dizzy…”
“M-me too…”
In Tarazed, Ellie is in the comms bay finishing her science report. Abby is in the medical bay working on an inventory of medical supplies for the last long mission leg home. Abby smells an odor that triggers a mental alarm. She knows that smell from med school. The bitter almond smell could be hydrogen cyanide but the formaldehyde smell is unmistakable. “Do you smell that, Ellie?”
“No. What smell?”
CASSI: “Contamination alert… Contamination alert.”
“God! It’s coming from forward! Vik! Coby! Vik! They’re not answering me or the intercom. Ellie! Put on this respirator mask and come forward to help me!” Abby puts on her respirator and sends the other one sailing back to Ellie.
“What’s wrong, Abby? Oh God! I smell it too. It must be coming from volatiles in the comet samples. They are supposed to sealed in the SIC in Rigel!”
“CASSI, please initiate a slow air dump at twenty liters per second from Rigel and compensate with adding air from Tarazed aft! Maintain Tarazed pressure at 100 kPa. That should begin clearing the air in here and move the contaminated air forward to Rigel.”
“Affirmative. Venting initiated now.”
“Good, I can feel it in my ears. CASSI, please keep venting and compensating until we can secure the sample leak. Ellie, let’s go get Vik and Coby.”
Abby launches through the open hatch into Tarazed with Ellie trailing. Immediately they see Coby and Vik drifting apparently unconscious. Abby takes charge giving each a gentle shake and shout.
“Vik! Vik! It’s Abby! Are you OK? Wake up!” No response. She detects shallow breathing.
“Coby! Coby! It’s Abby! Are you OK? Wake up!”
His eyes open briefly and roll to the back of his head. His breathing is shallow.
“Quickly! Let’s get them back to the medical bay and on oxygen!” It seem like yesterday but it was five months ago that she had Vik on medical emergency back on Bennu. “You take Coby. I’ve got Vik.”
They ease them back through the hatch to Tarazed.
Abby glides over to the nearby medical bay and levers out two arms to tether the victims stationary. “Put this oxygen mask in Coby’s face. I’ll do Vik.”
“Got his mask on. What else can I do?”
“Get both of their chests exposed.” Abby grabs the wireless heart, pulse-oximeter, and blood pressure sensors. “Good. Now I’ll attach the monitors…Shallow pulse and breathing, low blood pressure on both of them. Come on Vik! Coby! Breathe that oxygen! Come back to us.”
“Ellie, if this has anything to do with cyanide from the comet, it could interfere with the body’s tissues being able to use oxygen. I’ve got a hopeful antidote. There’s not much more you can do here now. Go forward and secure those samples and find the damn gas leak! Keep your respirator sealed tight. If you smell anything, get out fast. Once you get the SIC secured, back out and seal the hatch to Rigel. We need to evacuate it to complete space vacuum.”
“OK. I’m on it!” Ellie is in crying softly but the tears are pooling in front of her eyes in the respirator. She shakes her head to clear her eyes and get back to work.
Abby starts an IV in each patient. She administers sodium nitrite, followed by hydroxocobalamin, a derivative of vitamin B, and sodium thiosulfate. She gently strokes Vik’s face then Coby’s. No response. Must be patient and wait for news from Ellie securing Rigel…
Ellie glides through Tarazed into Rigel. God help me! Let this respirator stay sealed and do its job while I do mine. What went wrong with SIC? I checked it yesterday and it was sealed properly. “Oh damn!” She sees a core tube of comet sample that Vik had inadvertently left wedged outside the SIC. “Abby, here is a core tube outside of the SIC. It looks like it’s not screw sealed all the way. Securing it and locking it down in the SIC… Getting my ass outta here and closing the hatch to Rigel… Coming back, Abby!”
“Good job finding the culprit! That comet is some nasty hunk of ice. Houston labs be warned.” Abby stroked Vik’s forehead. “Our guys seem to be stable but I don’t know what their chances for are for full recovery. We can only hope and pray. We don’t know what their real cyanide exposure was. It’s not just cyanide. There must be formaldehyde, carbon monoxide, ammonia and God knows what else released up there… CASSI, please give me a readout on Tarazed and Libertas contamination.”
“All contaminants are dropping. No contamination is detected in Tarazed. One ppm hydrogen cyanide detected in Libertas. Other contaminants are not detected. ECLSS scrubbing will remove any trace contaminants in a one hour cycle. Rigel is at zero pressure.”
“Thank you, CASSI. Ellie, we can take our respirators off now. OK, now we can give Vik and Coby a jolt to bring them around.” Ellie could hear the emotion in Abby’s voice. She squeezed Abby’s and Coby’s hands. Abby pulled back Coby’s oxygen mask and snapped open a vial of amyl nitrite under his nose. The heart monitor audibly ticked up faster. Coby’s breathing deepens spasmodically. He coughs and opens his eyes.
“Gahhh! Heh! Hooo! Oh shit! My head hurts!”
“Ellie take this bag and get ready to catch his bile if he vomits.”
“O-OK…”
“Thanks for the confidence… Oh God! Give me the bag…”
“I rather expected that with you boys playing around with hydrogen cyanide.”
“W-What?”
“Don’t worry. We have it under control. You probably feel like you have the worst hangover of your life but you’ll live. Now, you rest. I need to bring Vik around.”
With both Coby and Vik awake, they got a verbal replay of the events that landed them in the medical bay. Ellie recorded the details for the record.
“God, we knew that there were dangers in exploring a comet but I never thought that the biggest danger was in the onboard samples. Ellie, please complete the report for Houston and get it uploaded.”
“Aye aye, my commander! Just for the record, we requested that the SIC be designed for exterior access only but engineering practicalities trumped that.”
Vik got some composure to speak. “At least I’ve got some company in sick bay this time. Thanks Abby and Ellie for getting us out of there.”
“Any longer and I might not have been able to save either of you. Ellie and I might have succumbed as well. A mysterious end of the mission, full stop. It could have been like mystery flight MH370.”
CASSI reports, “I have full records to report to Houston.”
“CASSI, yes, please send the incident report, contamination, and medical reports to Houston. OK, Abby dear. Vik and I will be ever grateful but let’s stop the what-ifs. How long do we need to stay in the med bay with these IV’s? We have a date with TEI to get back home. We need to start with getting Rigel repressurized and certify the integrity of the SIC.”
“You two need to stay quiet for at least three days.”
The Long Road Home
Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
February 21, 2024
Mission Elapsed Time 217:18:24:12
Earth distance: 244,500,102 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 27 minutes 10 seconds

“Just as we prepared to leave Bennu and the Deneb module, we need to get any remaining supplies from Vega and stuff her with all of our trash and unneeded bulk.”
“While you and Vik were sleeping most of the last few days, Abby and I have made a good start on tending to Deneb. Not only did we take out the trash, we stowed one set of the contingency samples in the red tagged SRCs in Vega and the second contingency sample in the SIC in the Tarazed stores bay for some unlikely future recovery if we do not successfully return to Earth.”
“I know the contingency was in the plan but the thought of actually planning for our failure and demise is chilling. We’ve simmed every failure scenario so many times, it’s hard to image one we can’t handle. We have had more than our share of actual disasters on this mission.”
“The core tube gas contamination was a scenario nobody ever took seriously. But the samples! We have to get back! The primary samples are worth more than the investment in this mission. Besides we have two weddings to attend you grumpy old man.”
“God yes… Back to a hot bath with you in my arms.”
“I hope our bed is feather soft. Earth’s one-g will be a shocking difference from floating in a sleep cube.”

February 22, 2024
10:00 MET

Final work with cargo on Vega is completed. Coby and Vik are at the control station on Rigel. Their task is to recheck the Vega resupply cryo-stage they had docked to the adapter ring aft of the OOS-2 cryo-stage. Systems check confirms a secure connection. Electrical, control umbilicals, and propellant pressures check nominal. The resupply cryo-stage will give them eighty percent of the propulsion (TEI) needed for sending then home to rendezvous with Earth. The remaining delta-V and mid-course corrections will be from the propellant remaining in OOS-2.

February 23, 2024
10:00 MET

Coby and Vik are again at the control station on Rigel. They undock and jettison the Vega Albireo cargo module with its cargo of trash and the contingency sample return container. The cargo module will forever remain in orbit between Mars and Jupiter following comet 125P.
“Goodbye, Vega. Your contingency sample will never be needed. We are going home!”
19:00 MET
After dinner, Vik gets out the Stolichnaya Elit and remembers the note attached to the unexpected treasure stashed on Deneb. “Arkady’s note on this bottle of vodka read, Eta butylka dlya vashego samogo yarkogo chasa—This bottle is for your finest hour. That hour has come. Tomorrow we will make TEI on schedule for the home. Coby, Abby, Ellie, please raise the bottle with me to celebrate this journey and all that we have accomplished. The three of you are my family and Abby will be my wife. We will get back to my son Oleg.”
Coby takes the bottle and a swig. “To all of you, my crew, my family, my love.”
Through her tears of joy, “I love you, Coby, Vik, and Abby. With all we have been through and accomplished. You are family. You are everything. But—I can’t drink with you. I’m pregnant!”
Coby pulls Ellie close and they embrace. “How could we be so blessed? How could I be so happy?” He kisses her again. “But, how could this happen with you on the pill?”
After hearing Ellie’s confession, Abby exclaims, “I’m pregnant too! The EPT doesn’t lie. I didn’t say anything to any of you because I didn’t know how it would affect the mission or how you would react to the ship’s doctor getting pregnant. The birth control pills must have become ineffective from radiation damage. We only had the original supply from launch. We had no resupply. Oh God, this has never been done—conception and human gestation in space. I pray that we have perfect babies.”
Vik takes Abby in his big arms drawing her close to his chest in a gentle hug. “I love you. I love all of you. We will get home but it’s still six long months. A few weeks ago, we joked about how the world would react to two couples emerging from Rigel engaged but now we will emerge with two very expectant women!” They laughed and cried with the absurdity.
“Arkady, I salute you and drink your vodka and salute my pregnant crewmates and commander here with me—vashe zrodovye!”
“But, did anyone remember to cut the feed to Houston?”
Ellie was stifling a laugh. “Uh, no… I didn’t Coby, dear… mmhmhh.”
“Nyet, Commander. Does this mean we’ll never fly again? Anyways, after this mission, I’m ready to spend the rest of my days on the green hills of Earth.
“I’m not one for voyeurs. I cut the feed before dinner as usual. Houston will find out soon enough. We’ve made history opening up the deep space frontier. Let’s just get home with our health and our sanity.”
Abby’s thoughts turned to the huge concern about fetal development in space. There are poorly understood fertility and developmental problems. Bird eggs incubated on the ISS showed problems with the circulatory system. Amphibian embryos developed abnormalities. Astronauts have reproduced normally back on Earth after long space missions. There is no study on human reproduction in space but the effects of microgravity and radiation are a huge concern. She was not equipped or in any frame of mind to perform an abortion. She and Ellie had not planned to get pregnant. Accidents happen and they would accept the consequences. Abby always trusted in a positive outcome in the face of adversity. That’s Space Survival 101—in your face Logan!

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
February 24, 2024
Mission Elapsed Time 220:06:31:47
Earth distance: 241,015,448 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 26 minutes 47 seconds

Before TEI, the crew spent some time in the Libertas cupola staring at the dark bulk of 125P and the small blue dot of Earth. Abby and Ellie limited their window time to avoid the extra radiation exposure. Coby and Vik felt that they could not get enough of the view.
The Altair is confirmed secure for the burn. At 06:31 MET, the crew is in Rigel and strapped into their couches. From the Command and Pilot seats, Coby and Vik run through the critical systems checklist with CASSI. The resupply cryo-stage is ready for the TEI burn.
“Houston, Altair, TEI in one minute and counting…”
CASSI takes the count, “TEI in ten…nine…eight…firing chamber prestart… three… two… one… ignition.” The crew feels a jolt and increasing g-forces to 0.8 g. The stress was more uncomfortable than they remembered.
“Houston, Altair. TEI burn is nominal. Pressure and fuel green. Calculated burn duration is 7.3 minutes…”
“Jettison cryo-stage.” …Crunch-bang… “Confirmed.”
“OS-2 stage 138 second burn initiate.” The weight returned with a big shove…
“OS-2 stage shut down in three…two…one…Shut down.”
“CASSI, report trajectory status.”
“Trajectory as per plan. Gamma-v 0.77 km./sec.”
“Check pressures and seals.”
Vik reports, “That’s always a worry now…Pressures and seals nominal.”
“OK, crew, unstrap. We’ll be home in only six months!”
The TEI thrust vector is tail first in the direction of travel to slow Altair to fall from the 125P orbit toward Earth. Altair will gain orbital velocity as it falls toward Earth orbit. Their Sun orbital velocity will gradually increase from 24 km/s to 30 km/s.
The crew alters their schedules and adds recreation and exercise time. Their objectives are behind. Looking forward they mentally shifted into this final mission phase. They allotted more communication time with friends, families, and school audiences.
Abby wanted to decrease the radiation exposure that she and Ellie and their developing fetuses would get on the trip home. This called for redecorating the hab. Thankfully there was an ample supply of Velcro for the job. She directed taking some of the food in the stores bay and has it attached in a layer on the walls around strategic places. The hydrogen rich food and packaging absorbed radiation. They shielded the places they spent most of their time: comms and galley spaces, their sleep pods, and the exercise bay. Abby and Ellie would spend double time exercising. Abby reasoned that if they could reduce radiation exposure by fifty percent, their babies might stand a chance of being normal. There were still plenty of food stuffs in the stores bay to serve as a solar storm shelter. Empty polyethylene food packaging was added back onto the walls.
The Deep Space Network and automated star sightings by CASSI on Altair confirmed that three mid-course corrections were necessary to bring the crew home with precision. The first correction occurred on mission day 305 with a forty-seven second burn. The second occurred on Earth approach on mission day 397 just inside the orbit of the Moon. The burn lasted 221 seconds and was designed to orient and slow their velocity relative to Earth.
Each of the crew took some time in these last few hours to reflect and meditate as they gathered personal effects, packed them in their PPK bags to be stowed on Rigel. Each had Aquila Mission patches and silver Altair pins that they would give to friends and family as precious items flown on the first crewed deep space mission. Coby added Stanford medallions to his kit. Abby added silver Asclepius pins, the serpent-entwined rod symbolizing medicine. Ellie’s special items were flat oval shaped beach pebbles from the Amalfi coast near Positano. She used them like worry stones often as she worked on reports. They had kept her mind tied back to Earth. Vik pondered the remaining Stolichnaya Elit vodka and left it behind for the next crew to inhabit Tarazed at L2. He penned and attached a note explaining how it came to the Aquila crew and its ceremonial significance.

Deep Space Exploration Vehicle Altair
August 20, 2024
Mission Elapsed Time 398:04:23:04
Earth distance: 184,600 kilometers
Two-way communications time delay: 1.25 seconds

Without much ceremony, the crew exited Tarazed for the last time. Coby’s thoughts were of the blazing homecoming they faced in a few short hours. “Goodbye Tarazed. We made you our home in space. Farwell CASSI. Take care of Libertas and serve other crews well.”
“Roger that, crew of Aquila. Have a safe return. I am never far from you. CASSI’s operating system is resident on Rigel also.”
Vik sealed the double hatch from Tarazed to Libertas. They all spent a minute looking out of the cupola at the growing blue and white globe of Earth looming about the size of an apple at arm’s length. The atmosphere they were targeting is one-thousandth of the diameter of the Earth: thinner than the skin of that comparative apple. The gleaming sunlight shining off her oceans was the sweetest thing Coby could remember. They would soon splashdown in the Pacific six hundred miles southwest of San Diego. They would smell the salt air of that shining ocean.
“Vik, please pass out the ACES suits so we can don them in Libertas.” The ACES suits had not been worn since launch from Earth. All but Coby’s EVA suits and PLSS packs were left behind in Tarazed. Coby’s was stored in Rigel to become an exhibit at the Smithsonian. The Advanced Crew Escape Suit (ACES) is a full pressure suit for the ascent and entry portions of flight. The orange suit is an upgrade of the Launch Entry Suits (LES) worn by shuttle astronauts and direct descendant of the suits worn by crews of the X-15, U-2 and SR-71 Blackbird.
“A kiss for good luck please.” After fifteen minutes, all of the crew was suited. Abby and Ellie entered Rigel first and situated into couches in the lower bay. Vik helped them strap in and add padding to protect their six-month baby bumps. Coby sealed the double hatch from Libertas to Rigel then settled in the pilot’s couch next to Vik.
“Houston, Altair. How do you read? The Aquila crew is sealed in Rigel and preparing to undock.”
“Altair, Houston. We read you five-by-five. You sound like you’re right in our back yard.”
“Roger, the time delay is barely noticeable. How do you read Rigel telemetry?”
“Altair, Houston. The room has all readouts as nominal. Commence undocking.”
The flight plan calls for the jettison of Tarazed/Libertas to send it on its own path remotely guided to lunar orbit using the Tarazed service module engine. “Roger, CASSI, please initiate Libertas undocking sequence.”
“Affirmative. Undocking… Negative actuation. Power readings are anomalous.”
“CASSI, please recycle the breakers on the docking ring actuators.”
“Affirmative. Same anomaly.”
“Houston, Altair. Do you read the undocking actuator anomaly? We have precious few minutes to get undocked and trim Rigel’s reentry angle.”
“Altair, Houston. We copy your anomaly and are working it down here.”
Vik communicated with Coby on closed link and Coby agrees with his suggestion. Not having time for Houston to respond, he goes with the suggestion as Earth grows larger in their window.
“CASSI. Please reverse the docking actuator then re-engage undocking.”
“Affirmative. Reversing… Now re-engaging undocking actuators… Libertas is unlatched and springs released. Libertas is drifting away at one meter per second.”
“Affirmative. The bill for the cookie is in your inbox.”
“Houston, Altair. Rigel is undocked and Tarazed control is yours for boost to L2. We are ready to take telemetry on final entry corridor approach.”
“Altair, Houston. Great work on the actuator reversing. We were just going to suggest that. Our final suggestion was going to be to hit it with a hammer but that might have required an EVA. Reentry telemetry transmitting now. Affirmative on Tarazed control.”
06:19:21 MET
Their third and final attitude burn used the Rigel ESM service module engine. The maneuver was to insure hitting Earth’s thin atmosphere at the exact angle to slow them with atmospheric friction and land them on target. Only the Apollo astronauts had experienced reentering the Earth’s atmosphere from deep space. Each of the Aquila crew had only experienced ballistic entry in a Soyuz reentry module typically not exceeding 4.5 g of deceleration. Each of them knew what it was like to have anything that could go wrong happen in a simulation and result in the taste of death. They were not afraid. Their accomplishments had made history. The science data they beamed back digitally made the mission an immense success. The contingency samples sealed away on Vega and Tarazed were still in the back of Coby’s mind.
08:11:53 MET
“Houston, Altair. Ready for communication blackout. See you on the other side.”
The Rigel begins to aerobrake on Earth’s atmosphere at 41,234 km/hour, faster than any crew vehicle has reentered. Rigel is oriented heat shield forward. The windows are facing away from the onslaught of atmosphere. Coby and Vik can see lightning white ionization swirling rhythmically and falling astern like riding inside the exhaust of the biggest rocket ever created. After a minute, it is tinged with blue and crimson. The ionization males it impossible to radio communicate for several minutes on reentry. Vik calls out that orientation looks good. They are at four g’s of deceleration and rising. Abby and Ellie see the light show reflected off the interior walls and from the lateral windows. They feel tremendous vibration. The deceleration g-force is against their back so the straps are not putting large stress on their abdomens. Abby had assured Ellie that each fetus is safely floating in incompressible amniotic fluid that is the same density as the fetus. It becomes harder to breathe. They use the survival technique of forcing rapid sips of air.
Apollo crews experienced six to seven g’s on reentry from lunar orbit. The Aquila deceleration reaches a maximum of nine g’s as predicted. It becomes the most excruciating crushing weight imaginable. The crew knows it is survivable. Keep breathing! Sips of air! The Soyuz returning NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson had an abnormally steep reentry, dolling out over eight g’s. She called it “an interesting ride.” In August 1958, Navy Reserve officer Carter Collins survived the Johnsville Human Centrifuge at more than twenty g’s for a record fifty-four seconds.[95]
As quickly as the g’s built, the possibility of surviving with lessening g’s graced the crew.
“Houston, Altair. Do you read? Drogue chute deployed. Houston, Altair. Drogue chute deployed. Houston, Altair is coming home.”
“Altair, Houston. We read you five-by-five. Welcome home! We have you on radar and on target. Seahawk helos from the USS Anchorage are on target to greet you.”
Bang! Ka-thump!
“Roger. Main chutes deployed. We can see them! What a sight!”
“Altair, Houston. Seahawks have you. Video is live to the world!”
The gloriously calm, cerulean ocean received them with a gentle kiss. The very pregnant Abby and Ellie especially appreciated this in comparison to the car wreck jolt of a Soyuz landing on the hard, dusty steppes of Kazakhstan. The capsule is gently bobbing as a welcome back to one-g. In an instant, the main chute detached and four bladders inflated in their place to keep the capsule upright. Six divers and a zodiac were deployed from the lead Seahawk. The divers attached an additional flotation collar around the capsule. Coby exchanged thumbs up signs with one of the divers. One of the dive crew is a videographer from Lincoln Main transmitting live. Momentarily, the USS Anchorage powered alongside. The divers attached a towline and tending lines to Rigel to recover the capsule into the recovery ships flooded well deck.
The USS Anchorage is a 208 meter amphibious transport ship based in San Diego, California. The ship can carry over one-thousand servicemen. It has an internal floodable well deck for recovery of anything from troop transports to space capsules. It has an aircraft hangar and can launch helicopters such as the Seahawk and other vertical take-off and landing aircraft such as the Osprey and Harrier. The USNS Salvor, a safeguard class salvage ship was also deployed as a backup for the recovery of the Rigel capsule to cover an out-of-target area landing.
Rigel was towed into the ship’s well deck and settled into a special cradle. Live video is streaming with network commentary. The Aquila crew is busy doffing helmets and unstrapping their harnesses. Water was being pumped out of the ship’s well bay. When the capsule is stable, the hatch is opened. A hive of Navy, NASA, and Lincoln Main personnel swarm over and around the capsule with rehearsed efficiency. A HazMat Team from NASA JSC Astromaterials Research and Exploration Science Laboratory will enter Rigel to retrieve the SRC containers and core tubes from the SIC in the lower equipment bay. They will be sealed in another very stout SIC for transport to the JSC Lab by a NASA transport jet. The crews of Apollos 11, 12, and 14 spent twenty-one days in quarantine isolation for possible virulent hazards from the Moon. This procedure was deemed redundant for the Aquila crew since they just survived over six months in isolation on Rigel after the last samples were collected.
Coby, Vik, Abby, and Ellie, still overwhelmed with Earth gravity, are gently helped out of Rigel and each lowered into oversized reclining wheelchairs. They put on warm smiles for the cameras, enthusiastically wave, and give the tenders high fives. Thankfully, no speeches are expected yet. They are wheeled into an elevator and off to sick bay for off-camera NASA post-fight medicals.
Abby and Ellie are mentally prepared for the inevitable revelation of their pregnancies. They are graciously welcomed and attended by technicians Tara and Samantha to get them out of their ACES suits and into hospital gowns. Shirley Hanson from NASA JSC is their attending physician. Shirley is professional but gregarious and awed by their successful mission. “I don’t see any issues with you in this preliminary physical aside from the expected change in bone density and muscle tone. To find both of you pregnant is nothing short of astounding. Congratulations! I honor your science achievements, but this is history for space physiology! The ultrasounds both look normal for twenty-six weeks gestation. We’ll do a much more thorough follow-up at JSC. With your kind permission extended from your NASA contract, I am obliged to give a brief to Ben Kirk.”
Abby replies, “Thanks, Shirley. Your preliminary assessment gives me great relief. Yes, you may give Ben a full brief. It’s hard to hide our condition.”
Shirley gives them both a hug. “Your NASA blues are over there. Tara and Sam can assist you. We’ll wheel you up to the ceremony on the flight deck. I advise you not to stand any more than a minute at the podium.”
The Aquila welcoming ceremony is coming together on the Flight Deck. The Aquila Crew, Captain Roy Johnson, NASA Flight Operations Director Ben Kirk, and senior Lincoln Main managers are to appear before the entire ship’s complement of personnel. Captain Roy Johnson is to make introductions: thanking his recovery crew, recognizing Lincoln Main , etc.
Before the ceremony the Aquila crew is standing with Ben Kirk and Captain Johnson in his ready room. Ben Kirk leans over and quietly speaks to Coby and Vik. “Dr. Hanson briefed me and I see the delicate condition in which Ellie and Abby have returned. Commander Brewster and Mister Ivanov, you have got some explaining to do.”
Coby speaks so they all can hear. “Can you arrange for a couple of weddings?” Everyone in the ready room smiles. Ellie and Abby stifle a giggle.
“With your celebrity status, I’m sure we can get through this. I suppose you want St. Patrick’s Cathedral?”
“No, Ben. Keep this low key. Captain Johnson, can you do the honors before we get to San Diego?”
“Aye aye Commander Brewster! It will be my pleasure. Do you have the rings?”

EPILOGUE Arcadia Planitia
“Humankind must explore, for we went to learn what lies over the next hill or around the corner. Inspiration, sweat, challenges, and dreams got us to the Moon and they will get us to Mars and beyond. It is our destiny.”
—Gene Cernan, Apollo 17 Commander[96]

Coby Brewster’s eyes flutter awake. The backup oxygen on his PLSS has come online and begins to bring his suit mixture up to a level that can barely support consciousness.
“Mayday. Mayday, Altair… Mayday. Mayday, Houston… This is Commander Coby Brewster… Mayday. Mayday, Altair… Mayday. Mayday, Houston… This is Commander Coby Brewster. I… I don’t know what happened to me. Where am I?… Altair,… MMU-1,…Ellie!… Vik, Abby, come in…God! Where am I? …There is hard gravity but it can’t be Earth.”
Coby struggles to stand supported by a boulder that is waist high. He stumbles and drops back to the ground, lying prone to conserve his strength. Unfortunately, CAMI is not resident in his PLSS pack. He is alone without the senses and intelligence of his AI CAMI.
What is this place? The reddish soil, the distant red rocks and sand dunes, the pink sky, the desert landscape, could be… No, it can’t be… Not a bit of vegetation. Not a weed or a mere blade of grass. I have an atmosphere sensor…
Coby keys his wrist pad and readouts appear in his helmet HUD display:

Gravity 0.376 g
Atmosphere 0.0067 bar
Carbon Dioxide (CO2) 95.32%
Nitrogen (N2) 2.7%
Argon (Ar) 1.6%
Oxygen (O2) 0.13%
Carbon Monoxide (CO) 0.08%

“Oh God! I’m on Mars! How can this be? My PLSS is barely maintaining supplementary life support… Water?… I have about 700 milliliters… Yes, a sip would do right now… All alone and talking to myself.”
“Mayday. Mayday, Altair… Mayday. Mayday, Houston… This is Commander Coby Brewster… Mayday. Mayday, Altair… Come in please! This is Coby! I don’t want to die alone in this place!” Coby puts his helmeted head down in his hands for a long minute.
“Am I going to die alone in this place? What would Mark Whatney do? He had a hab, potatoes, a rover, and an ERV. He had tools to science the shit out of his survival. I have nothing! Ah damn it, it was only a book and a classic movie. This is real!…”
Coby tries in vain to focus his mind. “What happened to me?…How could I be marooned on Mars? I was just on Altair with Ellie, Vik, and Abby…”
Coby lifts his head and catches a glint of sunlight reflecting off of a shiny moving object that just appeared from behind a cliff wall about five hundred meters to his right. He recognizes the object as a version of the Mars Exploration Crew Rover that he had seen when he was at JSC training with his Aquila crew. Coby’s vision blurs.
“Mayday… Mayday, Mars Exploration R-Rover…This is Commander B-Brewster… Come in… I—I am f-five hundred meters on your e-eleven o’clock…
“M-Mayday… Mayday, Altair …ay …d-day…” He is looking into an expanding black tunnel. “M-mm…” He trails off into unconsciousness again in a universe of stars…
“Altair…”

Mars Exploration Crew Rover 3
March 10, 2037 Earth time
MCT (Mars Colony Time) SOL 446: 14:37:23

“Commander Brewster, Rover 3. We were reading you loud and clear, then you faded. This is Jacob Petrov. Commander Brewster, come back! Commander Brewster this is Rover 3. We lost track of you an hour ago. We have a weak signal on you. We’re almost there.”
“Oleg, hurry through the auxiliary lock to get him.”
“Roger. I’m suited and securing my helmet. Suit check!”
The fast moving rover is about fifty meters off now. The rover whines to a stop in a cloud of reddish Mars dust next to the prone, spacesuited body. Coby’s red commander suit stripes stand out and magnify the urgency of the situation.
“Commander Brewster! If you can hear us, Oleg is emergency suited and coming for you through the auxiliary airlock.”
“Jacob, cycle me through!”
After an agonizing minute, the airlock pressure is equalized with Mars thin atmosphere. Jacob levers opens the small one meter square hatch and jumps down to the surface next to their Commander. The conventional EVA suits are docked to the rear bulkhead. Personnel suit into them directly and undock without depressurizing the rover. The auxiliary airlock and emergency suit were designed for quick surface rescues such as this. The emergency suit has only about twenty minutes of air and power. Oleg quickly manages to scoop Coby up in a fireman’s carry. He masses one hundred-fifty kilograms with his spacesuit and PLSS pack but weighs only fifty-six kilograms on Mars. Oleg carefully arranges Coby into a fetal position in the aux airlock. He levers the hatch closed.
“Jacob, cycle the lock!”
Jacob pulls Coby into the rover. He quickly gets Coby’s helmet off and fits an oxygen mask over his face.
He gives Coby a shake. “Commander Brewster, Commander Brewster, can you hear me?”
Oleg has cycled himself back into the rover and takes his helmet off.
“Dear God, how is he?”
“He’s unconscious. His pulse is weak and his breathing is shallow. I have him on oxygen. He apparently had a suit malfunction and ran out of air.”
“Arcadia Base, Arcadia Base. Mayday, Mayday this is Rover 3. We are returning to Base with Commander Brewster. He had a suit malfunction. He is unconscious in the rover and on oxygen. Mars Colony Base, come back.”
“Rover 3, Arcadia Base. We read you five by five. We copy your emergency. Dr. Denton and a med team will meet you at Airlock Main 2. What is your return ETA? “
“We are ten clicks out and ETA is thirty-five minutes pushing it to the metal.”
“Push it but get here safe. Arcadia, out.”

Mars Arcadia Colony Base
MCT 15:56

Under a hazy pink tinged sky, the rover passes the stark beauty of the landforms on the traverse back to the base. The layered cliffs and buttes of Arcadia Planitia bear testament to Mars’s geologic history. As they approached Mars Arcadia Colony Base, the two huge crew-landing modules, two ERVs, and five hab modules that started the colony are seen in the distance. There are currently twenty-two colonists representing nine Earth nations. There are six married couples, six single adults, two adolescents, and one infant among them. Nearby equipment is for processing propellant and oxygen for the habs.
A complex of mounded structures is in the foreground. Several of these structures have arch-shaped portals. These mounds were constructed for their living, working, recreation, dining, and storage facilities. They are made of sintered regolith, 3D printed by the cantilevered machine looming over one of the incomplete structures. The design affords the colonists with adequate protection from solar and cosmic radiation. The largest structure is connected to the left side of the complex. It spans half a hectare and is made of a series of five arched structures side-by-side. It is their greenhouse and poultry facility and considered the most vital structure in the base. There large arrays of solar panels adjacent to each structure.
Rover 3 approaches a four-meter high portal in the central dome and the white, arch-shaped door opened outwards. They drive into Airlock Main 2 designed to accept the rover. The lock is cycled to base pressure. Jacob and Oleg cycle out to the rover lab entrance. Abby Denton, Vik Ivanov, Ellie Accardi, and two volunteer med techs, Sandy Conklin and Dieter Schwartz, are there to receive them. Vik is the acting Governor of Mars Arcadia Colony.
Jacob summoned, “Quick! Help us get Commander Brewster out of the rover!”
Vik replied, “OK, head and shoulders first. Easy now.”
They laid Coby on a gurney and replaced his oxygen mask. Abby added pulse/ox and cardio-monitors. Ellie cradled his head and kissed him. “Coby, I love you. Don’t leave us. I need you. We need you!”
Abby takes charge. “OK, Let’s get him to sick bay…”

Mars Arcadia Colony Base
Sick Bay
MCT 16:38

Abby addresses those gathered in the room. “Coby is in a coma. He has hypoxemia from his suit failure with his blood oxygen is severely low at 78 percent. That’s low enough to begin organ failure. He is not breathing well on his own. I’m going to put him on a respirator and put him on an IV sedative to keep him comfortable while he recovers from the hypoxia. Hyperbaric oxygen would be better but we aren’t equipped for that. I need to clear the room while I do this. Ellie, please stay and give Coby support.”
Trying to control her composure, she squeezes his hands. “I couldn’t leave if you asked me. God! Coby, find your strength. You need a deep rest. Dream of us, dream of Sophie, dream of Jacob, and then fight like hell to come back to us!”

Mars Arcadia Colony Base
Sick Bay
March 12, 2037 Earth time
MCT SOL 448: 18:25:37

Ellie has spent most of the last two days sitting by Coby. Their daughter Sophie has been a comfort and strength to her mother. Jacob is there also holding his father’s hand. Elena has been here but feels she is crowding the room. While they watch in vigil, Coby’s face twitches and his legs quiver…

Out of a dense fog comet 125P looms and their MMUs descend toward the vent. The dark elongated hexagonal twenty-meter wide opening grows larger. The MMUs pass into the dark shadow of the opening. They are momentarily blind in the dark space.
“CAMI, headlamps please.”
The headlamps on both MMUs snap on and reveal an unnaturally smooth metallic floor and bulkhead about twenty meters into the space. On the bulkhead there is a faint thin line inscribing what may be a large door.
Coby exclaims, “What the hell? This looks like a hanger bay and is that an access panel to the right?”
“This is definitely not natural! I don’t know how to interpret this. Look at the panel! There are some strange symbols and what look like three different palm indentations. The center one looks humanoid with four elongated fingers and an opposable thumb! The one on the left has three digits looking Predator-like. The one on the right has four stubby digits. Coby, I don’t know what to say…I feel short of breath and dizzy.”
“CAMI, hold here. Ellie, check your breathing. I think you’re hyperventilating. Altair, do you read the description and video of what we have here?”
“Roger, we copy. You have us hyperventilating also. Voice and video is five-by-five and transmitting to Houston. The world wasn’t ready for the fossil from Bennu. This is light years more shocking!”
“The hand impressions would appear to be an entrance pass control device for three humanoid species of spacefarers from God knows where and when. There is about a centimeter of fine dust on the metallic pad closer to the vent entrance. If we could get a handle on the rate of dust sedimentation, we might get an idea how long it’s been since this place was created or used. But here at the bulkhead, it’s nearly clean.”
Ellie is still overwhelmed, “Coby, the discovery is mind blowing! I think we should back out with the data and video we have and consult with Houston. This feels bigger than I’m prepared to handle. Damn it, I’m a geologist. I might be able to help with the sedimentation rate but I’m not quite ready to face xenoarchaeolgy or God forbid something alive in this place!”
“Ellie, check your breathing. Calm, calm, calm down. Everything is under control. We are here to explore. We’ve found a treasure far greater than Carter found in Tut’s tomb. This anomaly dashes the belief that humans are alone in the universe on our unique blue world. We have the unequivocal proof that we are not alone! I am drawn to place my hand into the five fingered handreceptacle.”
Ellie presses her wrist console for local, private comms cutting Altair and Houston out of the link. “Coby, please wait. We aren’t ready for this! If you love me, you’ll wait until we have a response from Houston. Even then, if they tell us to try to open that portal, what right do they have to push us that far into the unknown. I have a bad feeling that I’m inclined to trust.”
“We came here to explore for the International Space Coalition. If we don’t try to open the portal, it will be up to Vik and Abby to try. If we leave here without trying, I couldn’t stand not knowing what might be in there. It would then have to wait for another expedition and they would be no more prepared than we are at this moment. I don’t see a threat here. I see an invitation.”
Ellie presses her wrist console to open the com link. “Altair, Houston, MMU-1. Commander Brewster finds it necessary to place his hand on the receptacle. I am in position to record the moment and the result in hyperspectral 3D.”
Coby reads her bristling sarcasm as a reluctant consent to proceed. “Thank you for the honor Captain Accardi. CAMI, bring me forward one meter to the middle receptacle.”
“Affirmative.”
“MMU-2, Altair. We read your intention. Just be careful, Coby!”
“Roger. The hand receptacle is dextral. I’m placing my right hand into it. My God, it glows blue! I feel nothing. Now the glow is gone.”
“Coby, the portal is moving up slowly! It’s a dark maw of God knows what!”
The metallic portal opened from the bottom with a small puff of dust that dissipated before the door smoothly reached the top of the dark opening.
“Altair, MMU-2. How do you read voice and video now? Any loss of signal this far into the vent?”
“Coby, Altair. Still five-by-five. You have us and everyone watching on Earth wide-eyed in disbelief and with sweaty palms!”
“OK. We feel the same times ten! The dark maw Ellie described appears to be about five meters high by ten meters wide. It’s about the size to fit a small house. No, it seems more like it was made to receive small spacecraft. The portal dwarfs us on the MMUs. I can see a faint uniform light blue glow from inside the portal. Ellie, have CAMI approach enough to extend the tip of the manipulator arm across the threshold.” Coby instinctively felt that the portal revealed more than just an extension of the cold dark vacuum.
“You don’t ask much, Commander. I suppose I’m no more in danger getting one meter closer. CAMI, did you copy the instructions?”
“Affirmative. Extending the MMU instrument arm across the threshold.”
There is a faint sparkle and blue glow on the arm claw at the plane of the portal as CAMI slowly extends the arm.
CAMI reports, “I have a micro-voltage indication on the arm. It is noted but not a concern.”
Ellie complains immediately, “Coby, I’m on this MMU with CAMI. Remember what happened to Vik?”
“CAMI, does the micro-voltage pose a concern for the other instruments on the arm?”
“Negative.”
“Ellie, we’ve come this far in this discovery. I want CAMI to insert the rest of the instrument arm to test for any harmful radiation or other dangers. The APXS in passive mode can read radiation from gamma to X-ray to hard UV.”
Ellie concedes, “OK, CAMI, go slow and if there is any indication more than the micro-voltage you have already registered, back us out fast.”
“Affirmative. Extending instruments through the portal…I register the same micro-voltage across the instruments…I register the temperature on the other side to be 298 degrees Kelvin.”
Ellie exclaims, “That’s impossible! The space there must have an atmosphere at nearly room temperature. Some unknown invisible field force separates the cold vacuum we’re in from the interior of the space on the other side.”
“What can be impossible with what we have found? We are in a place made by beings advanced beyond our imagination! OK CAMI, pull back the instrument arm and back up MMU-1 ten meters. Ellie, I want you to be a relay for what I may encounter on the other side. Vik has put his life in jeopardy for this mission and so have you just now. Thank God you are both just fine. It makes no sense to wait for another mission to go through the sacrifice we have to return to investigate this place we have found. I am Commander of this mission and I will take the risk to cross the portal.”
“Yes, you are the Commander but all of our training dictates that no one of us goes charging ahead alone. We go in together. CAMI and our suit cams record everything even if the transmission does not get through live. Altair confirm.”
“Roger. Firm on not going solo. Godspeed to both of you.”
Coby and Ellie turn on their MMU headlamps and cross the threshold together. They feel nothing as they cross the threshold. Ahead they see a semicircular wall with panels adorned with strange text forms.
The panels are arranged in three groups with each group having a distinctly different form of text. Ellie had CAMI in MMU-1 systematically move over each panel recording it in detail. In the center of each group, there is a handprint indentation in the center identical to the ones outside of the portal. The middle of the three panels has a hand print with the right-hand humanoid form. Coby recognizes it as the one that had opened the portal. He could not resist putting his hand in the receptacle. As he put his hand in the receptacle, it glows blue briefly. Then the portal door behind them begins to close. Both he and Ellie were startled but more happened simultaneously. Soft white lights came up in the room. They feel a sensation of gravity as they are drawn gently to the floor.
“How can we get out now?”
Get out… Get out… Must get out… Save Ellie… Fog so thick…
…Altair… No, what is this place?What is on my face?Not my helmet…gravity… I’m in a bed… People… Ellie!… Can’t speak… Bad dream…

Ellie, Sophie, and Jacob see Coby’s eye’s open looking bewildered. He slowly shakes his head. Ellie presses the intercom call button. “Abby, come now! Coby is waking!”
“Coming Ellie!”
“Coby, it’s me, Ellie. You’re going to be OK now. You’re on a respirator. Don’t fight it!” She is gently holding his shoulders and looking deep into his eyes. “Be calm Coby. We’re here. It’s OK now.” Coby nods but has a look of panic on his face.
Abby arrives. “Let me have some space with him. Welcome back Coby. Can you hear me?” He nods yes. “I’m going to gently remove the respirator. Be calm. OK, gently now. There it’s out.”
Coby coughs and splutters. “W-Where…? How…?”
“You are in sick bay. You had a suit failure. You have been in a coma for over two days.”
More coughing. “Sick bay, w-where…? We were on Altair…”
“Your suit failure caused severe oxygen deprivation. You may be confused after the coma. We are on Mars in Arcadia Colony Base. Jacob and Oleg rescued you in the rover and brought you back.”
“But we were on Altair… Where is Vik? When is this? Who are Jacob and Oleg?”
Fighting back tears, Ellie takes over. “Slow down, Coby. You’re weak and confused from the coma. We are on Mars. It’s 2037, thirteen years after Aquila. Vik is here and coming to see you. Jacob is right here. He’s your son with Elena. She’s also in the colony. Oleg is Vik’s son from before Aquila.”
Coby sees a young freckled girl of about twelve holding his hand and Ellie’s. “Who is this?”
“Oh God, Coby! This is our daughter Sophia. Take it slow. You’ll remember.”
Coughing, “S-Sophia! This is so overwhelming!”
Vik arrives and the room makes way for him to see Coby. Giving his shoulder a big squeeze, “Coby. Welcome back. Everyone in the colony has been so worried.”
“Vik. We were on Altair. I’m trying to r-remember…” Coby’s eyelids flutter and close.
“OK. Coby has had quite enough for now. Back out of the room and let him sleep.”

Mars Arcadia Colony Base
Sick Bay
March 14, 2037 Earth time
MCT SOL 450: 10:13:41

Abby, Vik, and Ellie are in the room with Coby. He is sitting upright in bed sipping some broth and regaining his strength after a short walk around the room. “I wish I could remember, but I have lost everything since the comet on Aquila. God, the dream I had about the vent anomaly as a portal!”
Abby responds, “Coby, it may take some time but I’m sure your memory will return. Meanwhile, we’ll fill in the gaps to seed memories of the amazing thirteen years you can’t yet remember.”
Ellie takes over. “You don’t seem to remember everything from after the comet encounter. We concluded that the vent was truly odd but totally natural. Abby and I discovered that we were both pregnant. We think that radiation had made our birth control useless. It was a long, long six month journey home. To the surprise of a waiting world, we married right there on the recovery ship off San Diego. We had Sophia three months after our return to Earth. You haven’t been refreshed on the others in our colony. Abby and Vik have a son Alexei who is the same age as Sophia. Vik, you can cover the details on how the colony came together. God, I hope all of this comes back to you! So much has happened.”
Over several sessions over the next few days, Vik filled Coby in on more of the details of his missing thirteen years and the tech on how the colony was established. When Aquila returned, the missions for the first Mars landings and the plans for the Mars Arcadia Colony were well underway. The Mars orbiting space station Mars Base Camp was established in 2028 after the ground breaking Aquila Mission and funded by the International Space Coalition. The Mars Direct[97] [98] playbook accomplished the first two Mars crew landings on September 29 and 30, 2033 on Arcadia Planitia. Those missions and infrastructure laid the groundwork for the Mars Arcadia Colony. As reconnaissance predicted, the first crews found abundant ground water ice to generate oxygen and propellant.
The Aquila crew was eager to be first in line for establishing the Mars Arcadia Colony. They were an easy choice not only for their celebrity but for their experience. The addition of the Aquila backup crew, minus Bob Trask who found himself in prison for sabotage, was an equally easy and rational choice. They would be the flight, engineering, medical, and Mars geology pillars of the outbound mission and colony. This core Arcadia crew was given freedom to help select and recommend the rest of the colonists to fill out a twenty-one person roster. General guidelines looked for a balance of nationalities, abilities, gender, and ages. Guidelines allowed consideration of family since is to be a true permanent colony with aspirations for growth. Likewise, qualified married couples were given preference. Space flight experience, engineering, medical, planetary geology, agricultural science specializing in hydroponics, and psychology were favored on applications, especially combinations of these qualifications.
The selected colonists were assembled in 2032 for indoctrination and training. Four months of isolation with the full complement of colonists helped establish bonds and sought to weed out any misfits. This was an expanded version of the NASA HI-SEAS Isolation Missions. HI-SEAS, is an acronym for Hawaii Space Exploration Analog and Simulation. Those missions take place atop the Mauna Loa volcano in Hawaii as simulation of a deserted Mars environment.
The Mars Arcadia Colony was ultimately established with two crew landers on December 20, 2035. Two robotic supply landers and two ERVs had landed six months earlier. The colony had a minimum of twenty-seven months of supplies on the surface. Emergency supplements could be ordered from the orbiting Base. Anything special from Earth would take two years to deliver. The long term plan was to establish a nearly self-sufficient food supply produced by the greenhouse and poultry complex. That was planned to be completed and in operation within twelve months. The complex was robotically constructed of 3D printed sintered regolith in five arched agriculture structures. Like the adjoining living domes, each is thick enough to attenuate deadly cosmic and solar radiation. Powerful LED lights provide the ultraviolet to drive photosynthesis in the prolific hydroponic farms.[99] A unique crop is grown in each of four 15 x 65 meter structures. The fifth structure houses the poultry farm. The plant and animal crops are diverse enough to prevent a collapse of their food supply from an unexpected scourge. Expansion will allow more diversity. Treating Mars regolith to be soil for crops is in experimental phases. If it was good enough for Mark Whatney why not try it? The potential growth of the agriculture structures is only limited by the colonist’s expertise to oversee and develop robotic construction and robotic agriculture.
Arrays of solar panels cover the roofs of the structures and adjacent spaces to supply most of the colony’s power needs. Their half hectare of solar panels provides 100 kWh of electricity for the colony, comparable to the solar array on ISS. Supplemental power is provided by a small nuclear reactor[100] massing 5 MT and capable of generating 4 MW of power. The reactor is primarily used to power microwave ice mining and then split mined water into hydrogen and oxygen. The reactor power then drives the cryogenic processors to liquefy the gasses. It takes 13 MWh to split one metric ton of water, and then an additional 3.8 MWh/MT to liquefy LH2 and about 0.7 MWh/MT to liquefy LOX for propellant.[101]
Vik refreshed Coby with a summary of the colony’s residents. There are currently twenty-two colonists from nine countries from the original Aquila international partners, the International Space Coalition, which now included China. There are six married couples: Coby and Ellie, Vik and Abby, Paul Earhart and Tracy Dixon from the Aquila backup crew, Satoshi Fukoshima and Megumi Hirakata, Trevor Brown and Mandy Shields, Harrison Frank and Eve Cain. The six single adults are Vik’s son Oleg Ivanov, Elena Petrov and her son Jacob (Coby is his father), Olga Sadoski, Dieter Schwartz, Sandy Conklin and Dao-Ming Cai. The two adolescents are Coby and Ellie’s daughter Sophia and Vik and Abby’s son Alexei. The one infant among them is Adele, daughter of Paul and Tracy. She was conceived on the journey from Earth. To date, the three among them who were conceived in deep space, Sophia, Alexei, and Adele, do not show any abnormalities.
Abby keeps them all going on the four Mars elastomeric active resistance VR exercise units (MARED) in the rec hall. She preaches that using MARED is as important for individual mental health as well as for maintaining fitness in the weak 0.4 g Martian gravity. The VR system has over one thousand Earthscapes and Marscapes to explore.
Ellie has been directing the exploration of Mars’s geology, or areology, as coined by Kim Stanley Robinson. This has entailed putting their colony domain in geologic context with what is known from other robotic and crew landing sites. Also of importance for comparison is the detail that has been gleaned from meteorites from Mars that have been impact ejected and orbited to land on Earth by chance. Her studies have bolstered the assertion by astrogeologists in 1996 that fossil life possibly had been found in Martian meteorite ALH 84001. The colony exploration has returned layered rock samples to Ellie’s lab that reveal compelling microscopic cell structure from probable banded stromatolites from an ancient Mars lake. She and labs on Earth are still looking for extant Martian life from surface samples. Trevor Brown is her protégé xenobiologist.
The colonists have been much like a large family with the expected family squabbles. The business with Bob Trask was the worst mental health case that the colonists or NASA has ever seen. Sandy Conklin is the colony’s designated counselor and chaplain. Dao-Ming Cai, the first Chinese national on a Coalition mission, has been noted as a concern. She has been withdrawn and secretive. The DSN intercepted encrypted emails from Dao-Ming to China’s MSS intelligence arm. The files were forwarded to the NSA and KGB to be decoded. No progress in decoding has been reported back to Arcadia.
The international ISS Charter was amended for the Aquila Mission as the basis for the expanded Mars Arcadia Colony Base Charter. It is not yet a formal democracy but serves as the colony’s Constitution and Bill of Rights. The Aquila crew was instrumental in the organization of the colony. They were given international support. Collectively, they decided that Vik would be the Commander on the outbound colony trip to Mars and then be the colonial governor for the first two years. Succession is decided by a majority vote of colonists age sixteen and over but had to be ratified by the International Space Coalition.
SpaceTrans has made remarkable progress on their Colossus colony ships, the largest rocket design to date. The first Colossus Mars supply landings happened in 2034 to begin preparations for the first Mars crew landings. Most recently, three Colossus supply ships have been launched in a staggered three week window with designated landings next year. These will be five kilometers north, east, and west of the Arcadia colony. These are designated to establish three larger colonies. Each of the supply ships have a twenty person crew to establish a colony based on an expanded version of Arcadia. Each of the colonies is privately funded. Each colony will send their main Colossus colony ship in August 2039 and arrive in March 2040 with one hundred people including crew and paying colonists.
Mars seems to be destined to be populated by peoples of diverse beliefs and politics. From the Colossus ships, the first designated colony outside Mars Arcadia Colony Base, Arcadia Beta, is sponsored by a multinational consortium but funded by the Mars Society, Planetary Society, Mars One and the Mars Initiative. The second, New Kolob, is funded by the NDS, Church of the New Day Saints. Its colonists believe the colony follows prophesy in reaching a place closer to the throne of God. The third, al-Salam al-Jadid, or New Peace, is funded and to be populated by the United Arab Nations. The UAN has been forward looking notably turning their rapid expansion in the desert into green enterprise. Their petroleum and investment wealth has long supported efforts in asteroid mining and off-Earth colonization development. Their colonists will be a nearly equal mix of Sunni and Shia Muslims.
The prospect of these new colonies brings with it the need for a communication network, a support system of trade and barter, and a council of representatives to ensure cooperation. The International Space Coalition has been busy working with colonial sponsors to establish the groundwork for that cooperation as an extension of the Coalition’s Charter. The issue of enforcement has yet to be resolved.[102]
Coby has regained his strength in these few days. He has been lovingly tended by Ellie, Abby, Vik, Sophie, Jacob, and Elena. Each has shared personal details from personal perspective on Coby’s missing thirteen years. Gradually Coby feels grounded and part of the colony once again. However, his memory of the time since Aquila is still just a construct of what he has been told. Abby feels it is time for him to get out of sick bay and assimilate with the rest of the colonists.

Mars Arcadia Colony Base
Dining Hall
March 17, 2037 Earth time
MCT SOL 453: 18:02:24

All of the colonists are assembled in the dining hall which doubles as their meeting and community entertainment hall. Coby walks in on unsteady feet and addresses the gathered colonists. “Dear family and fellow colonists, I am humbled to be back among you after my suit failure which might have taken my life. The hypoxia has robbed me of my memory of the last thirteen years and our journey here. Most cruelly, it robbed me of my true memory of those of you who came into my life during those years. I embrace the opportunity to get to know you again. I am like a passenger who made the journey to Mars in suspended animation. Yet my body shows me that I have indeed aged. I don’t think I’ll be piloting a spaceship anytime soon! I give the rest of my days to the service of this colony fulfilling my lifelong dream. Those among us who were conceived in deep space are the future of humankind. What will our history record a thousand years from now of the civilization we brought from humankind’s cradle of Earth to other worlds in our galaxy?”

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Doug Cook is a retired Chief Explorationist from Saudi Aramco’s Southern Area Exploration Division in Saudi Arabia. Before joining Aramco, Doug explored deep water Gulf of Mexico and Nigeria for Conoco and BHP. A career highlight aside from oil and gas prospecting was participating in ten years of deep-water submersible oil seep studies in the Gulf of Mexico. These seeps have associated chemosynthetic communities of life. As extremophiles, these organisms relate to Doug’s passion for astrogeology/exobiology. Doug received his BS in Oceanography from the University of Michigan and MS in Carbonate Sedimentology from the University of Florida prior to joining Conoco in 1984. He is a member American Association of Petroleum Geologists (AAPG), Chair AAPG Astrogeology Committee, Society of Exploration Geophysicists (SEG), Member-at-Large Colorado Springs Astronomical Society, and Adjunct Astronomy Professor at Pikes Peak Community College.
Doug lives in Colorado Springs with his wife Elizabeth. They have two daughters, Haley and Madeline.
doug@aquilamission.space

PUBLICATIONS
Cook, D., 2018, Near Earth Objects (NEOs): Population Distributions, Origins, and Implications on Earth Impact Threat and Asteroid Mining Resources, AAPG 2018 Convention Abstracts (in press)
Henry A., D. Osborne, K. Sundell, and D. Cook, 2018, Possible Exhumed Impact Crater Cluster, Sheep Mountain, Douglas, Wyoming, USA, Evidence from Field Sampling, Satellite, and Drone Imagery, AAPG 2018 Convention Abstracts (in press)
Cook, D., and K. Sundell, 2017, AAPG Total Solar Eclipse Field Guide: Leaders Dr. Harrison H. Schmitt, Dr. James Reilly, Dr. Kent Sundell, Doug Cook, Don Clarke, and Karl Osvald
Cook, D., 2017, Asteroid Mining: the State of the Industry and our Future in Space, AAPG 2017 Convention Abstracts
Cook, D., 2016, A Bold Proposal for a Crewed Deep Space Mission to Rendezvous with and Sample an Asteroid and a Comet, New Worlds Space Settlement Symposium 2016 Austin, TX Proceedings
Taylor, D., K. Pomar, S. Rahati, C. Reid, A. Henderson, F. Lu, M. Ferguson, and D. Cook, 2016, Chronostratigraphic Framework and Gross Depositional Environments of the Shu’aiba Formation in the Under-Explored Eastern Rub’ Al-Khali Basin, Saudi Arabia, GeoArabia GEO 2016 Convention Abstracts
Cook, D., Bohmail, A. Rademakers, M., 2016, Exploration and Commercialization of Tight Gas Reservoirs in Saudi Arabia, AAPG ME Exploring Mature Basins Geosciences Technology Workshop Abstracts; Workshop Co-Chair Douglas Cook, Saudi Aramco.
Cook, D., 2016, A Bold Proposal for a Manned Deep Space Mission to Rendezvous with and Sample an Asteroid and a Comet, AAPG 2016 Convention Abstracts
Kenkmann, T., Afifi, A. M., Stewart, S, Poelchau, M.H., Cook, D., Neville, A.S., 2015, Saqqar: A 34 km diameter impact structure in Saudi Arabia, Meteoritics & Planetary Science 50, 11:1925-1940.
Neville A. S., Cook D. J., Afifi A. M., and Stewart S. A., 2014. Five buried crater structures imaged on reflection seismic data in Saudi Arabia. GeoArabia 19:17–44.
Neville, A., A. Afifi, and D. Cook, 2012, Possible Impact Structures in Saudi Arabia, AAPG 2012 Convention Abstracts
Cook, D., A. Norton, and A. Neville, 2008, Petroleum Systems and Recent Exploration of the Permo-Carboniferous Unayzah and Devonian Jauf Reservoirs in Eastern Saudi Arabia, AAPG 2008 Convention Abstracts
Cook, D., et al, 2008, Petroleum Systems and New Plays in Frontier Exploration in Northwest Saudi Arabia, AAPG 2008 International Convention Abstracts
Lawrence, Paul, Tom Harland, David Tang, Douglas Cook, Geraint Hughes, Ravi Singh, Greg Gregory, Abdel Fattah Bakhiet, and Abdel Ghayoum Ahmed, 2008, Regional Hanifa Reservoir Fairways in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia: An Integrated Approach, GeoArabia GEO 2006 Convention Abstracts
Xiao, H., Knowlton, A., Rademakers, M., and Cook, D., 2006, Structural Styles in Eastern and Central Arabia, GeoArabia GEO 2006 Convention Abstracts
Cook, D, and C. Tsai, 2004, Use of Model Based K-L Filtering to Attenuate Interbed Multiples in Seismic Reflections of the Devonian Jauf Reservoir, Eastern Saudi Arabia, GeoArabia GEO 2004 Convention Abstracts
Cook, D., 1992, Stratigraphy of Pleistocene Upper Slope Sands, Gulf of Mexico, An Analog for Deep Water Exploration Offshore Nigeria, Nigerian Association of Petroleum Explorationists Tenth Annual Proceedings *Best Paper Award
Roberts, H., D. Cook, and M. Sheedlo, 1992, Hydrocarbon Seeps of the Louisiana Continental Slope: Seismic Amplitude Signature and Sea Floor Response, GCAGS Trans., Vol.42:737-749 *GCAGS Levorsen Best Paper Award
Sheedlo, M. and D. Cook, 1992, 3D Seismic Imaging and Direct Observations of Sea Floor Features on the Upper Slope, Green Canyon Block 184 Federal Unit, Gulf of Mexico, AAPG Convention Abstracts
Cook, D., et al., 1992, Stratigraphy of Pleistocene Upper Slope Sands in the Green Canyon Block 184 Federal Unit, Gulf of Mexico, AAPG 1992 Convention Abstracts
Cook, D. and P. D’Onfro, 1991, Jolliet Field Thrust Fault Structure and Stratigraphy, Green Canyon Block 184, Offshore Louisiana, GCAGS Trans., V.41:100-122
Cook, D. and P. D’Onfro, 1990, Jolliet Field Thrust Fault Structure and Stratigraphy, A Deep Water Development Milestone, Green Canyon Block 184, Offshore Louisiana, Abst., AAPG Bull., V.74/5:633
Randazzo, A. and D. Cook, 1987, Characterization of Dolomitic Rocks from the Coastal Mixing Zone of the Floridan Aquifer, Sedimentary Geology, V. 54:169-192
Cook, D. et al., 1985 Authigenic Fluorite in Dolomitic Rocks of the Floridan Aquifer, Geology, V13:390-391

NOTES
[1] “2016 Space Settlement Symposium” Planetary News, 3 November, 2016, http://www.lpi.usra.edu/planetary_news/2016/09/11/space-settlement-symposium/
[2] The mission and deep space vehicle design proposed in this book is the recommendation of the author. It is not endorsed by NASA, SpaceX, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Bigelow, or any other space manufacturer or agency.
[3] “SpaceX’s 1st Falcon Heavy Rocket Now at Launchpad Ahead of Maiden Flight”, Space.com, 29 December 2017, https://www.space.com/39227-spacex-s-1st-falcon-heavy-rocket-now-at-launchpad-ahead-of-maiden-flight.html
[4] “Elon Musk wants to Colonize Mars with SpaceX” Business Insider, 4 October, 2017, http://www.businessinsider.com/spacex-elon-musk-mars-colony-plan-life-support-2017-10
[5] “The Deep Space Gateway would shackle human exploration, not enable it” ArsTechnica, 28 September, 2017, https://arstechnica.com/science/2017/09/op-ed-the-deep-space-gateway-would-shackle-human-exploration-not-enable-it/
[6] “The First Woman on the Moon” ad Astra, 15 July 2017, http://www.nss.org/adastra/volume29/v29n2.html
[7] “A Giant Lunar Leap for Private Enterprise” Wall Street Journal, 7 April 2017, https://www.wsj.com/articles/a-giant-lunar-leap-for-private-enterprise-1460070797
[8] “Mars Base Camp” Lockheed Martin, 21 October, 2017, http://www.lockheedmartin.com/us/ssc/mars-orion.html
[9] “JPL Small-Body Database Browser” JPL NASA, 23 October, 2017, https://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/sbdb.cgi
[10] “OSIRIS REx” NASA, 10 October, 2016. https://www.nasa.gov/osiris-rex/
[11] “NASA Selects Six Companies to Develop Prototypes, Concepts for Deep Space Habitats” NASA, 9 August 2016, https://www.nasa.gov/press-release/nasa-selects-six-companies-to-develop-prototypes-concepts-for-deep-space-habitats
[12] “Asteroid Redirect Mission” NASA, 11 October 2016. https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/asteroids/initiative/index.html
[13] “Reddog Diving” Doug Cook, 25 October, 2016, http://www.reddog-diving.com/
[14] “Reddog Diving Gulf of Mexico Submersible Diving” Doug Cook, 25 October 2016, http://www.reddog-diving.com/reddog_diving_GOM_submersibles.htm
[15] “Ocean Explorer: Johnson-Sea-Link (JSL) I and II” NOAA, 13 October 2016. http://oceanexplorer.noaa.gov/technology/subs/sealink/sealink.html
[16] Roberts, H., D. Cook, and M. Sheedlo, 1992, Hydrocarbon Seeps of the Louisiana Continental Slope: Seismic Amplitude Signature and Sea Floor Response, GCAGS Trans., Vol.42:737-749
[17] Aerobraking Maneuver Pass—Command 15
[18] Distinguished Flying Cross
[19] Maximum dynamic pressure as the vehicle exceeds the speed of sound.
[20] Quote from aforementioned astronauts at AAPG All Convention Luncheon Houston 12 April 2011 attended by the author.
[21] “Former Administrator Charles F. Bolden” NASA, 20 January 2017, https://www.nasa.gov/about/highlights/bolden_bio.html
[22] “An international outpost near the Moon gets closer to reality” Zak, Anatoly, 3 November 2016. http://www.planetary.org/blogs/guest-blogs/2016/1103-an-international-outpost-near.html
[23] NextSTEP on the Journey to Mars: Deep Space Habitats” Lockheed, 8 November 2016, http://www.lockheedmartin.com/us/news/features/2016/nextstep-space-mars.html
[24] “2016 Space Settlement Symposium” Planetary News, 3 November, 2016, (attended by author), http://www.lpi.usra.edu/planetary_news/2016/09/11/space-settlement-symposium/
[25] Zubrin, Robert and Richard Wagner. The Case for Mars. New York: Free Press, 1997. Print.
[26] “International Space Station: Environmental Control and Life Support System” NASA, 19 October, 2016. https://www.nasa.gov/sites/default/files/104840main_eclss.pdf
[27] “Space and Terrestrial Photovoltaics” Bailey, S. NASA, 10 October 2017. https://ntrs.nasa.gov/archive/nasa/casi.ntrs.nasa.gov/20030000611.pdf
[28] “2016 Space Settlement Symposium” Planetary News, 3 November, 2016, (author’s notes), http://www.lpi.usra.edu/planetary_news/2016/09/11/space-settlement-symposium/
[29] “Orion’s Exploration Design Challenge Winner Announced” Lockheed , 9 October 2016. http://www.lockheedmartin.com/us/news/press-releases/2014/april/0425-ss-orionedc.html
[30] “Healthy offspring from freeze-dried mouse spermatozoa held on the International Space Station for 9 months,” Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, vol. 114 no. 23, 18 October 2017, http://www.pnas.org/content/114/23/5988
[31] Mass and delta-v calculations in this chapter are author estimates. Author accepts responsibility for errors and omissions.
[32] The Altair deep space vehicle design proposed in this chapter is the recommendation of the author. It is not endorsed by NASA, SpaceX, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, ULA, Bigelow, or any other space manufacturer or agency.
[33] “Goddard Space Flight Center Flight Dynamics Facility” NASA, 13 October 2016, https://fdf.gsfc.nasa.gov/services
[34] Zubrin, Robert and Richard Wagner. The Case for Mars. New York, Free Press, 1997. Print.
[35] Bramson, A. M., S. Byrne, N. E. Putzig, S. Sutton, J. J. Plaut, T. C. Brothers, and J. W. Holt, 2015, Widespread excess ice in Arcadia Planitia, Mars, Geophys. Res. Lett., 42, https://arxiv.org/abs/1509.03210
[36] Barr, Jonathan (2015). ACES Stage Concept: Higher Performance, New Capabilities, at a Lower Recurring Cost (pdf). AIAA SPACE 2015 Conference & Exposition. American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics. Retrieved 18 March 2016.
[37] “John C. Houbolt, Unsung hero of the Apollo Program” NASA, 15 November, 2016, https://www.nasa.gov/content/john-c-houbolt-unsung-hero-of-the-apollo-program-dies-at-age-95/
[38] “Space Shuttle Mission STS-41-B” NASA, 18 November, 2016, https://www.jsc.nasa.gov/history/shuttle_pk/pk/Flight_010_STS-41B_Press_Kit.pdf
[39] “Mars Science Laboratory Mission Timeline” NASA JPL, 29 October, 2016, https://mars.nasa.gov/MSL/mission/timeline/
[40] “Orbital Mechanics” Rocket and Space Technology, 6 November, 2016, http://www.braeunig.us/space/orbmech.htm - maneuver
[41] Author personal knowledge from American Association of Petroleum Geologists Johnson Space Center behind the scenes tours with Dr. Harrison Schmitt and Dr. James Reilly.
[42] Chapter 2
[43] “Apollo Lunar Sample Return Container: ALSRC” NASA, 10 December 2016, https://www.hq.nasa.gov/alsj/tools/tools49.jpg
[44] “NanoRacks, Bering to Build First Commercial Airlock Module on International Space Station” NanoRacks, 6 February, 2017, http://nanoracks.com/nanoracks-boeing-first-commercial-airlock-module-on-iss/
[45] Compressed air enriched to 32 percent nitrogen mixture to decrease nitrogen absorption.
[46] “Reddog Diving Key Largo Florida” Doug Cook, 15 January 2017, http://www.reddog-diving.com/FISH_FEEDING.htm
[47] “Antarctica Provides ICE to Study Behavior Effects in Astronauts” NASA, 13 September, 2016, https://www.nasa.gov/feature/antarctica-provides-ice-to-study-behavior-effects-in-astronauts
[48] Byrd, Richard E. Alone. New York: GP Putnam’s Sons, 1938. Print.
[49] “What it’s like spending 8 months on a fake Mars mission” The Verge, 24 September 2017, https://www.theverge.com/2017/9/24/16356876/nasa-hi-seas-mars-analogue-mission-hawaii-mauna-loa
[50] “Mars Mission Crew Emerges from Yearlong Simulation in Hawaii” NPR, 29 August 2016, https://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/08/29/491794937/mars-mission-crew-emerges-from-yearlong-simulation-in-hawaii
[51] “Kennedy Space Center Launch Control Center” NASA, 13 January 2017, https://www.nasa.gov/content/launch-control-center-home-page/
[52] “Yes, We Can Build Industry in space—And We Should Begin Now” Fortune, 11 September 2016, http://fortune.com/2016/09/11/yes-we-can-build-industry-in-space-and-we-should-start-now/
[53] “How Supersmart Spacecraft Could Work (With Help from IBM’s Watson)” Space.com, 17 December, 2017, https://www.space.com/39028-building-super-smart-spacecraft-ibm-watson.html
[54] “Showering in Space: Astronaut Home Video Shows Off Hygiene Corner” Space.com, 20 November 2016, https://www.space.com/29610-showering-in-space-astronaut-video.html
[55] “How NASA Spacesuits Work: EMUs Explained” Tate, Karl, 7 February 2017, http://www.space.com/21987-how-nasa-spacesuits-work-infographic.html
[56] “List of minor planets and comets visited by spacecraft”, Wikipedia, 18 December 2016, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_minor_planets_and_comets_visited_by_spacecraft
[57] Evans, L. G., Starr, R. D., Brückner, J., Reedy, R. C., Boynton, W. V., Trombka, J. I., Goldsten, J. O., Masarik, J., Nittler, L. R. and McCoy, T. J. (2001), Elemental composition from gamma-ray spectroscopy of the NEAR-Shoemaker landing site on 433 Eros. Meteoritics & Planetary Science, 36: 1639–1660.
[58] “Where is the Ice on Ceres? New NASA Dawn Findings” NASA, 15 December, 2016, https://www.nasa.gov/feature/jpl/where-is-the-ice-on-ceres-new-nasa-dawn-findings
[59] Author estimate.
[60] “Luxembourg aims to contribute to the peaceful exploration and Sustainable utilization of space resources for the benefit of humankind” Space Resources Luxembourg, 15 November, 2017, http://www.spaceresources.public.lu/en.html
[61] “Luxembourg to invest $227 million in Asteroid Mining” Fortune, 5 June 2016, http://fortune.com/2016/06/05/luxembourg-asteroid-mining/
[62] “Luxembourg’s asteroid mining law takes effect August 1st”, Engadget, 30 July 2017, https://www.engadget.com/2017/07/30/luxembourg-asteroid-mining-law-august-1/
[63] “OSIRIS REx” NASA, 10 October, 2016. https://www.nasa.gov/osiris-rex/
[64] The author wishes complete success for the OSIRIS REx Mission, a key inspiration for this book.
[65] “Curation: Antarctic Meteorites” NASA, 29 November, 2016, https://curator.jsc.nasa.gov/antmet/
[66] Brown, Peter G., Alan R Hildebrand, Michael E Zolensky, Monica Grady, et al, 2000, The Fall, Recovery, Orbit, and Composition of the Tagish Lake meteorite: A new type of carbonaceous chondrite, Science, Oct 13, 2000; 290, 5490
[67] “Astromaterials Acquisition and Curation Office” NASA JSC, 6 April 2017. https://curator.jsc.nasa.gov/
[68] “Shelter from the Storm” Bob Dylan, 15 March 2017. https://bobdylan.com/songs/shelter-storm/ (permission requested)
[69] Cane, Hilary, 2012, Coronal Mass Ejections and Forbrush Decreases, Space Science Reviews 93(1):55-77
[70] “The Radiation Challenge” NASA, 17 March 2017, https://www.nasa.gov/pdf/284273main_Radiation_HS_Mod1.pdf
[71] “Tissue Equivalent Proportional Counter (TEPC)” NASA, 1 April 2017. https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/station/research/experiments/TEPC.html
[72] “ISS Robots successfully Replace critical Power Switching Unit outside Space Station” Spaceflight101.com, 5 May 2017, https://spaceflight101.com/expedition-51/iss-robots-begin-critical-mbsu-replacement/
[73] EECOM: Electrical, Environmental and Consumables Manager
[74] “Space Radiation Threat to Astronauts Explained” Space.com, 23 November, 2017, https://www.space.com/21353-space-radiation-mars-mission-threat.html
[75] “Introduction to Prolog Programming” 5 April 2017. http://www.cse.unsw.edu.au/~billw/cs9414/notes/prolog/intro.html
[76] “In a ‘Rainbow’ Universe, Time May Have No Beginning”, Scientific American, 9 December 2016, https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/rainbow-gravity-universe-beginning/
[77] Altair multispectral LIDAR (Light Detection and Ranging) a remote sensing instrument using a pulsed laser to measure distances and properties of the reflecting surface.
[78] Nolan, M. C.; Magri, C.; Howell, E. S.; Benner, L. A. M.; Giorgini, J. D.; Hergenrother, C. W.; Hudson, R. S.; Lauretta, D. S.; Margot, J. L.; Ostro, S. J.; Scheeres, D. J. ,2013, Shape model and surface properties of the OSIRIS-REx target Asteroid (101955) Bennu from radar and lightcurve observations, Icarus. 226 (1): 629–640. http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0019103513002285
[79] Jossang J, Bel-Kassaoui H, Jossang A, Seuleiman M, Nel A., 2008, Quesnoin, a novel pentacyclic ent-diterpene from 55 million years Old Oise Amber, J Org Chem. 2008 Jan 18;73(2):412-7
[80] Sodhi, Rana N. S., et al, 2012, Differentiating diterpene resin acids using ToF-SIMS and principal component analysis: new tools for assessing the geochemistry of amber, Surface and Interface Analysis, 2 April 2014. http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/sia.5416/abstract
[81] Nakamura-Messenger K, Messenger S, Keller LP, Clemett SJ, Zolensky ME, 2006, Organic globules in the Tagish Lake meteorite: remnants of the protosolar disk. Science. 2006 Dec 1;314(5804):1439-42. http://science.sciencemag.org/content/314/5804/1439
[82] “Astromaterials Acquisition and Curation Office” NASA JSC, 6 April 2017. https://curator.jsc.nasa.gov/
[83] Halliday, Alex N., 2000, “Terrestrial accretion rates and the origin of the Moon”. Earth and Planetary Science Letters. 176 (1): 17–30 http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2000E&PSL.176.…17H
[84] Young, Edward D.; Kohl, Issaku E.; Warren, Paul H.; Rubie, David C.; Jacobson, Seth A.; Morbidelli, Alessandro (2016-01-29). “Oxygen isotopic evidence for vigorous mixing during the Moon-forming giant impact”. Science. 351 (6272): 493–496. http://science.sciencemag.org/content/351/6272/493
[85] “NASA Selects Two Missions to Explore the Early Solar System” NASA, 23 April 2017, https://www.nasa.gov/press-release/nasa-selects-two-missions-to-explore-the-early-solar-system
[86] “The Flat Earth Society” 30 April 2017, https://www.theflatearthsociety.org/home/index.php/faq
[87] “JPL Small-Body Database Browser” JPL NASA, 12 October 2016. https://ssd.jpl.nasa.gov/sbdb.cgi
[88] Author estimate.
[89] “How to 3D-print a habitat on Mars” Crowley, Aidan, The Space Journal, 1 October 2015. https://room.eu.com/article/How_to_3Dprint_a_habitat_on_Mars
[90] “Stardust Results” NASA, 12 December 2016 https://www.nasa.gov/mission_pages/stardust/news/stardust_results.html
[91] “Does the organic material of comets predate our solar system?” Phys.Org, 6 September 2017, https://phys.org/news/2017-09-material-comets-predate-solar.html
[92] “Colliding Neutron Stars as the Source of Heavy Elements” AAS Nova, 21 September 2016, http://aasnova.org/2016/09/21/colliding-neutron-stars-as-the-source-of-heavy-elements/
[93] Wallis, M.K. and A.K. McPhereson, 1981, “On the Outgassing and Jet Thrust of Snowball Comets” Astron. and Astrophys, 98, 45-49 (1981), https://www.researchgate.net/publication/234252446 _On_the_outgassing_and_jet_thrust_of_snowball_comets
[94] “The Effects of Outgassing Jets on the Rotation of a Comet Nucleus and on the Trajectory of a Spacecraft” Byram, Sharyl M., Dissertation, Univ. of Mich, 2009, https://deepblue.lib.umich.edu/bitstream/handle/2027.42/62357/byramsm_1.pdf
[95] “The G Machine” Smithsonian Air & Space, 12 December, 2016, https://www.airspacemag.com/history-of-flight/the-g-machine-16799374/
[96] Author’s note: Commander Cernan—Godspeed on your final mission.
[97] Zubrin, Robert and Richard Wagner. The Case for Mars. New York: Free Press, 1997. Print.
[98] “Piloted Mars RWGS System Demonstrated” MarsNews.com, 16 November, 2017, http://marsnews.com/archives/2017/11/18/robert-zubrin-post-demonstration-reverse-water-gas-shift-system.html
[99] “Shipping Container Farms” Business Insider, 4 January, 2017, http://www.businessinsider.com/kimbal-musk-shipping-container-farms-new-york-city-2016-12
[100] “NASA to Test Fission Power for Future Mars Colony” Space.com, 29 June 2017, https://www.space.com/37348-nasa-fission-power-mars-colony.html
[101] Author estimate.
[102] “What NASA’s simulated missions tell us about the need for Martian law” The Conversation, 12 October 2017, https://theconversation.com/what-nasas-simulated-missions-tell-us-about-the-need-for-martian-law-84790
