


The Tunnel At The End Of The Light

Cheryl Charette

Copyright 2010 Cheryl Charette

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


*****

Chapter 1

“Good God, Harv, why do ya read that garbage?” Bert said, swatting the copy of the World Wide Watcher that half hid Harvey's face.
Bert plunked himself down on the lunchroom bench next to his buddy and got himself ready to deliver the same sermon he'd been serving up for the past year and a half, until his eye caught the big red headline on the front page.
“Town disappears for two hours, reappears two miles west of where it should be,” Bert read out loud.
“It's true, ya know,” Harv said and his jaw jutted out defensively, as though Bert was about to take a swing at it. “They got papers and documents that prove it.”
Bert started to chuckle. When he and Harvey Butler had first met two years ago at the interview for this job, he never would have pegged him as a tabloid reader, or for that matter, a believer. He and Harvey shared many things in common. They were the same age, and life had been equally hard  on each of them ‑ chronically underemployed when they did find work and unemployed in the times in between, present circumstances aside, Bert thought.
Bert looked around the lunchroom at the faces of his co-workers, wondering if any of them would take up the challenge of educating Harvey. Most of them were university students putting themselves through school.
“Janey, you're taking surveying, you tell him,” Bert said.
Janey snickered, shrugged her shoulders and went back to reading her novel.
They're all young and full of their own lives, Bert thought.
At times like these, Bert felt his age keenly, even though he didn't have the pudge that was supposed to accompany those forty something years. He could understand why the students had been hired to work here at the Neutrino Observatory and he knew that both he and Harvey had been bucking the odds to get hired for this job. Harvey had looked just as uncomfortable at the first interview as Bert imagined he himself had looked. Their common discomfort at their surroundings had been the beginning of their friendship. When all the applicants were contacted, they had been told to report to a conference room in City Hall. It was a place neither Bert Lavalle nor Harvey Butler had ever frequented before and without the signs posted in those hallowed halls of local government, neither Bert nor Harvey would have ever found the right room.
As they sat and waited for their call for a private interview with fifty other hopefuls, Bert noticed that he and Harvey were the only two older ones in this group. With the final test being a physical, both men thought they wouldn't make the cut.
Bert had always wondered why they did get the job. But at twenty bucks an hour in a city where jobs were so scarce that only relatives and close friends even heard about openings, Bert was more than grateful for that pay check every two weeks - even though the work was boring and tedious. Bert didn't know what was worse, assembling the flash tubes or the Vac. Each day they came to work, stripped down to nothing, stepped into the shower, then into the dryer and then into “the Vac.” It was an experience Bert could have done without, but he knew the observatory, especially those big, old flashtubes had to be dust free. But the paycheck was always the final consideration.
“You can train a monkey to assemble anything,” Bert muttered to himself.
Harvey hit him with the newspaper.
“You should read this, this town disappeared and moved,” Harvey said.
“Oh come on, that's bullshit,” Bert said, “they probably just finally figured out that the town records weren't right, like somebody couldn't line up the cross hairs right on a surveyor's level or something like that.”
“No way.”
“Goddamit, with all that geoglobal positioning technology,” Bert said, “they just finally got the coordinates right for that town, that's all.”
“READ it,” Harv said and threw the paper at Bert.
Always one to take up a challenge, no matter how feeble, Bert picked the paper up off the floor and started in on the article in a half-hearted way.
“Mm, they say they had state troopers as witnesses,” Bert commented, “and car buddies waitin' at the car pool station.” “Hmmm,” he said as he silently read a little further, curiosity  forcing him to turn to the next page. He started reading the story out loud: “Photos taken of the area they say the town used to occupy, show only a hole in the ground, devoid of topsoil, as though a giant trowel had scraped the terrain down to bare rock and scrubbed it clean of any vegetation. The devastation covered an area of a size that could easily encompass a small town with a population of 5,000.”
Digital photography can get you anything you want, just like special effects in the movies, Bert expressed this thought in an 'inside voice' because when he looked up at Harvey he knew it was time to back off.
“Back to work buddy,” Bert put the paper down on the table and queued up with the rest of his co-workers for the Vac. The open metal walkway from the lunchroom to the Vac creaked under his weight and the sound echoed eerily, making Bert more than aware he was at the bottom of a shaft that went down 1000 feet. For Bert, staring into this cavern was like standing on the edge of a deep, dark cave that lead to everywhere and nowhere at the same time.
 Even knowing the rock walls were fortified with hollow concrete blocks, forming a tube‑like structure that went up four stories from the bottom of the shaft gave Bert little comfort. The observatory part of this complex, where the experiments would take place, occupied two stories of this building and would be filled with light water. Nestled into this pool would be a huge, round glass container filled with heavy water. 
Right now it stood empty but at one time this had been a mine shaft, dug out by workers who didn't care if a little bit of dirt got in their clothes. Their only concern had been to get the high-grade nickel out as fast as possible and cash their checks, Bert thought.
But before the heavy water was to be put in, 10,000 of these tubes had to be assembled, fitted into their housing and placed strategically around these two stories, and all of this just to get a picture of a neutrino interacting with the spare proton in heavy water. Every time a neutrino joined up with the proton, a tiny light should be seen. At least that's the theory, Bert thought, as his turn in the Vac loomed.
The Vac was a small, self‑contained room big enough to hold only one person, and its distinguishing feature was a powerful fan and air pump that sucked the air out of the room, replacing it with clean cold filtered air. There was no chair or bench to sit on or hide behind and when the fan and the pump were switched on, it removed the slightest bit of dust, cleaned the epidermis of old skin cells, and plucked any loose body hair from whoever occupied this room.
 More than a few times, Bert and all his other male co‑workers had exited this room feeling that annoying little pinch that comes from plucking hair that is not quite ready to leave its follicle. Hands crossed over their privates and a concerned look on the face was a frequent posture for many of the men.
Bert wasn't sure, but he figured the women didn't have that problem; they were probably used to the whole process of removing hair from delicate parts of the body.
For Bert, what made the experience worse were the suits they had to wear after the shower. They were a one‑piece jump suit, like a wet suit that divers use, and extremely form fitting. He didn't mind it on the females of the group, but for guys, it showed just a little too much, or just how little was too little in some cases, he thought.
The green light over the door to the Vac came on and Bert pulled open the door for his turn. He stripped down, waited for the whoosh from the second door as it opened, and stepped in. As the air vacuum whirred into life Bert stood his ground, skin bristling against the pull of the pump, fighting that light headed feeling that came from shallow breathing, waiting for the cold draft that would follow.
This had definitely not been mentioned during the interviews for this job, Bert thought.
For twenty bucks an hour, he had decided, I can sit and assemble these big old flashtubes, even if it means giving up a few hairs on a daily basis.
Bert knew the official name of these tubes was a photomultiplier, and he even knew what they were supposed to do. He had read the brochures that came with this job. He knew that these tubes would be sensitive enough to pick up the light that was supposed to happen when one electron got all excited by a passing neutrino and started spinning faster than the proton and neutron it was supposed to be married to.
“Cerenkov radiation,” he said, half out loud, not fully understanding what all this would prove.
All he knew for sure was that putting these tubes together was boring and routine, and the work was small and painstaking. If even one of these bulbs didn't work, or rattled in its housing, the whole experiment was over.
If there are such things, he chuckled to himself. Bert had been listening when some of the students had talked about the research being done here.
 Neutrinos were supposed to be what was left over and unaccounted for when atoms broke up. They think these things can and do pass through matter all the time, and using such a big thing like this observatory to see something so small seemed to Bert to be a near impossibility. But then Bert knew that impossibilities are not always what they seem and that song his mother used to sing to him came to mind. This whole experiment reminded him of that ant that tried to move the rubber tree plants, against all odds of probability, and popular opinion.
“Oops there goes another one, oops there goes another one, oops there goes another rubber tree plant,” he sang out loud. His voice boomed as the air pump and the vacuum stopped their whirring. Bert stepped through to the change room, donned his work clothes.
He went back to fitting pristine screws into metal plates that had been washed sonically to rid them of flaws, dust and any little critters that just might like nickel and stainless steel for lunch. As he started on what felt like his millionth bulb, he wondered what it would be like to be there when the tiny spots of light told the story that neutrinos were real and were passing through everything, thousands of times a day.
*****
While Bert and his buddies were locked in the assembly room for the afternoon, the control office three floors above them was humming with activity.
Inside the control room the lights were kept dim so the heavy water container was visible through the windows; monitor panels throughout the room alternately flashed red, blue, and green.
“We should be finished with the assembly in three months,” Dr. David Granger said, “and the first shipment of Deuterium should be here a week after that.”
“We just sent them a memo reminding them that they need to be very careful about cleaning those tanker trucks they're using, that heavy water has got to be kept clean,” warned Jessie Barber.
“Look, they've been using heavy water for a long time. They know just how sensitive this D2O stuff is and what we need it for,” Granger replied.
Jessie looked down at her clipboard, not wanting anyone to see just how embarrassed she was.
She knew she didn't have her Ph.D. yet, but that didn't mean Granger had to be so snotty. After all, it had been her fourth year university physics thesis on neutrinos that had landed her this job. She was no dummy, but Granger had a way of making her feel like a kindergarten student out on a school trip to the science centre.
She did have to admit though, even if only to herself, that every day she came to work and donned the lab coat and gear she had to wear, she did feel as awestruck as a little kid going to school for the very first time. What they could eventually learn from the little flashes of light was the stuff of science fiction. Jessie believed it might just be on par with being there at the creation of the universe and having a discussion with the god or gods directing the process.
If there was a god, she thought, he wouldn't put people like Granger in charge.
All of her scientific training, background, and thinking told her there was an order to things, that there was some grand scheme that the scientists hadn't figured out yet. But with patience, dedication to searching for answers, and enough time to do the search, the universe would yield its secrets and knowledge would be complete. She left the arguments about the why or whether the universe was something created by an external power directed by someone or something to others. All she knew was there can never be nothing - there has always got to be something, even if we can't see or measure it.
She had initially started her education in the field of genetics, but that had seemed almost too easy. By the time she had finished her first year of university, the secrets of DNA were being unravelled at a dazzling pace and the field seemed crowded with experts. There was one fateful day when she sat in on a physics class just because she was bored.
From that moment on, sub‑atomic particles became her passion, and a few short years later here she was working on the cutting edge of the science.
“Oh, by the way,” she said, “tomorrow we have the media coming in, and they want to take pictures.”
“I know,” said Palo, “it means we're going to have to shut down the assembly room for the day.”
Palo Cordene was the program coordinator, and, by default, because public relations people weren't allowed in here, the designated media contact.
“Well, their cameras have to go through the Vac. Who's handling that?” Granger asked.
“I am,” said Jessie. And,” she said sarcastically, looking at Granger's back, “we know we have to take those cameras apart to do the job right.”
“Jessie, I want you supervising the cleaning,” Granger said, turning abruptly to stare at Jessie to emphasize his orders.
Ah, well, Jessie thought, no day off for me.
****
“Tomorrow you all get to sleep in,” Barb Macklin told the group in the assembly room.
Bert gave his supervisor, Barb, a quick glance up and down. She sure looked good in that tight suit and he had been working on her for the last few months, hoping to get a date.
Harvey knew about Bert’s interest, and it was a constant source of material to needle Bert with, but this time he thought he would do his friend a favour.
“Hey, you know they're having this psychic fair at Dawn's Bookstore, tea leaf readers, tarot cards,” Harvey said, chuckling as he lightly punched Bert on the shoulder, “maybe you can get your palm read or something.”
Bert looked at Harvey. He was about to tell him exactly what he thought of psychics, but stopped short when he saw the look in Harvey's eyes. He looked around the room, saw the glint in some of his co‑workers’ eyes, and heard the snickers from others. Everybody had noticed, or been pulled into, one or more of Harvey's little matchmaking schemes. From their reaction, Bert knew this was another of Harvey's awkward attempts to get him and Barb together, and in a way, Bert appreciated Harvey's efforts. He made up his mind.
“I'm game,” Bert said, and looked around the room at his buddies, stopping his gaze to rest  on Barb and raising one eyebrow.
“Ok,” she said, and the room softly filled with a sarcastic chorus of  “yeah sounds good to me'“ from many of the others because they knew if they showed up for the fair, they just might get more teasing material on both Bert and Harvey. As the maintenance crew left the complex at shift's end, looking forward to a day off with pay, there were more than a few nudges and winks on the way out.

Chapter 2

Seven in the morning on his day off, and Bert was wide awake, betrayed into consciousness by a body that was telling him it was time to get up for work. As he yawned and scratched the stubble on his chin, he cursed his internal clock for its rigidity.
That's what a steady job will do to ya, Bert thought, as he rolled out of bed and contemplated the ridiculous outing he was going on today.
“Psychics,” he snorted out loud. Maybe I can get out of it, he thought, but before he could follow through on this thought, his body's clock grumbled for food, overriding the intentions of his mind. 
After a leisurely breakfast of leftover pizza and several cups of coffee, he got on the phone to his buddy.
“Harv, I don't know about going there this afternoon.”
“But Barb will be there.”
Even though he couldn't see the smile he knew was on Harvey's face, Bert could hear the smirk in his voice.
*****
Terry's idea of a good day wasn’t one that started at 5 in the morning.Her alarm clock went off several times before she was willing or able to get out of her nice warm waterbed.
“Aah, the sun isn't even up,” she complained to no one in particular and the world in general, but the prospect of national exposure for this story was the best alarm clock money could buy.
It had been a real fight to get assigned to this story; after all, she was only a freelancer, an outsider to the local media, working on her own without the connections that editors and publishers had built up over years of schmoozing with the elite of the city.
“Connections,” she thought, because, ultimately, it was the connections she had made on her own that had finally persuaded her editor that she was the one for this story. That and her research.
“Thank God for the Internet,” she said.
She had convinced the editor that she knew more about neutrinos, and what they were supposed to do, than any of the full‑time reporters. She had taken two weeks of researching theory papers, of asking questions of physics professors from all over the continent, but the Internet was what had given her the ability to search and find. She had located one site in particular that worked well for her. Tom McCallister from the University of Tennessee, the best source on this one, had a web site that included diagrams illustrating the theories, as well as an open invitation to ask questions, which Terry did.
On her very first e‑mail to Tom, she suggested that when he was explaining his theories he pretend that she spoke a foreign language, and Tom had e‑mailed back a promise to answer the questions in non‑scientific Canadian.She still chuckled about that one. Funny, he doesn't fit the scientific stereotype, she thought.
Well, she thought, today's the day. Either all this research will pay off, or I'm going to look really stupid in front of all the other reporters on this story.
As she brushed her teeth, she looked herself straight in the eye in the mirror and gave herself a good talking to. 
“You know you are prepared,” she said to herself sternly.
She wagged her toothbrush at her own reflection, “If anybody can ask an intelligent question about this subject, you can.” 
The quirky smile on the face in the glass, the upraised eyebrow nagged Terry.
“I'm not a scientific illiterate,” Terry assured herself, “and I can prove it.”
Her living room was still strewn with pages of printouts containing as many of the theoretical projections about neutrinos and their behaviour as she had been able to find. Many of the passages had been coded with a highlighter for easy reference.
As she crossed the living room, carefully wending her way through this debris of academia, she stubbed her toe on the massive dictionary that had been her best friend for the last two weeks - after she had been forced to consult the book.
Terry had been amazed to find out just how much information was in a dictionary. As soon as she started printing out the research she accumulated, she realized she had a problem. She was too embarrassed to ask the meaning of the common terms the scientists bandied about like prepositions ‑ these terms were as common to them as four letter words on the walls of the playground shack were to teenagers. The dictionary had served as translator for terms Terry would have learned in high school had she been inclined to pay attention and do her homework.
Now if only that book could cook, do dishes, clean the house and a few other things, she thought, who needs a man?I do, she answered her own question. She picked up her camera bag from beside the front door, hefted it onto her shoulder, and left for what she hoped would be an appointment that would give her career the boost she believed it needed. She hoped this story would take her from a small town reporter to a desk at a national newspaper.
*****
From a distance the observatory wasn't visible to the average person of Stoneridge.
It was a long abandoned mine site that showed its age and neglect.
If anybody took the time to look at it, Terry thought.
Huge tall rectangular structures called headframes still dominated the landscape, overshadowing four square miles of land that the miners and their families had once called home. All the houses and buildings used by the people who had lived, bore children and died here, were gone. There wasn't even a single concrete footing left of any structure; not the school, nor any old half‑buried cement basement blocks that said this ground had been lived upon. The sidewalks had been lifted and removed; leaving none of the familiar pathways residents had used to go to school, to work, to church, or to shop. 
There were, however, piles of debris. Old lead pipes, rusted and corroding, littered the area, leaching chemicals into the ground, making any kind of revegetation of this site difficult, if not impossible. A very hardy breed of weed grew in spindly bunches, dotting the area with the little bit of colour from their flowers, serving only to emphasize the greyness of an area that had once been a vibrant frontier town.
Terry had done a photo essay of this site, but the pictures had been bleak and black, so mournful that the essay had never gone to print.
Terry wondered what this site would say to future archaeologists who came to study it, what this site would tell them about life at the turn of the third millennium.As Terry drove by this old town site, she sped up just a little. She didn't like this part of the region she was born into. For her it was a symbol of everything she didn't like about big business.
Old mine sites closer to town didn't get this kind of indifferent treatment. She had done several stories on the efforts to bring life back to areas closer to town, areas that tourists were most likely to see. Those too, in the early history of Stoneridge’s wild exploration days for precious metals, had been destroyed by open pit mining. Clouds of sulphur dioxide had coarsely and crudely stripped the vegetation from the land like an uncoordinated child learning to peel a banana. From her childhood Terry could recall winter snow that sported more colours from the leftover chemicals used in the smelting processes than a rainbow could.
Years ago, when national and international magazines played up the dreary and barren landscape of the city, founding fathers and government legislation arm-wrestled the owners of mine sites into transforming some of the devastated areas into a green belt. Now these areas were a far cry from the scarred black rock and pools of chemically poisoned water that she had grown up with.
 As a child, Terry hadn't minded the gruesome landscape and the psychedelic colours of pollution in the lakes and streams; the landscape she grew up with had fuelled her imagination. When she was ten, she used to get on her bike and follow some of the old forgotten roads into the hills surrounding her home, where she would sit observing the landscape, letting her creativity explain what her senses were taking in. At times she imagined a nuclear war and this was the aftermath, making up stories about how people survived in this barren world.If there is such a thing as reincarnation, she thought, I want to remember this and come back here in a hundred years or so, just to see if anything has changed.
This barren site, once a small town called Pitwell's Place, had been home to so many once upon a time. But after the mine closed, people moved away, and, as they did, houses were bought back by the mining company at rock bottom prices and torn down, slowly, but surely, dissolving the town and its history from the face of the earth.
At least, the old mine site itself is going to get some use, Terry thought, as she pulled into the observatory's parking lot. She squeezed her car into the last available space in between two media vans, and quickly made her way to the crowd waiting outside. While she waited, she took her camera out and checked the light meter, focusing on her surroundings to check the batteries in the camera.
There was only a small dome visible above the ground, and it was just as grey as the sky on this morning. The fresh blanket of snow, while covering some of the surrounding rock and the rubble, didn't hide it or make it any more photogenic.
She snapped a few pictures and followed the rest of the crowd to a small door that seemed to be cut right out of the rock. It swung inward and the door opened, revealing a sharp contrast to the outside. Inside was clean and bright; huge flat, round lights covered with a fine mesh grating hung from the ceiling and lit a passageway down to another door.
Over the loudspeaker came a welcoming message and instructions for those gathered to follow the hall to the reception area. This was only a slightly larger room than the hallway, but it, too, was white and bright. Empty carts lined the walls and a solitary desk, piled with pamphlets, occupied the centre of the room.
As the media group entered en masse, it was like a woman with a size ten foot trying to squeeze into a size six shoe. There was almost a collective sigh of relief when a door opened at the other end of the room and a young woman entered. The lab coat she wore and the clipboard she carried automatically drew the crowd's interest.“Welcome to SNO,” said Jessie Barber, “I'll be taking you through the observatory, but we have a few rules for you to follow.”
“First, any camera equipment has to be cleaned, so please put all equipment on the carts by the wall.” There was a general groan when Jessie said this, and more than a few furrowed brows.
Terry cradled her camera in her hand and started thinking about the several thousand dollars it would take to replace it.
“Don't worry.” Jessie said as she scanned the mass of media people assembled in the room. “We will be careful.” A soft grumble began in the room, but Jessie held up her hand, “This is necessary. If you've read the backgrounder you were sent, you know that this facility has to be kept not just clean, but virtually dust free or the entire experiment won't work.” She chuckled and added, “As taxpayers who have helped pay to build this, I'm sure you want to get your full money's worth when it's up and running.”
With a polite chuckle, the photographers and camera crews started piling up their equipment on the metal carts'.
While Terry was jostling the crowd to find a safe position on the cart for her camera, Terry bumped shoulders with Max Porter.
Big shot TV personality, thought Terry; “Hey Max! Slow news day for you?” she asked sarcastically.
Max absentmindedly brushed an imaginary piece of lint from the shoulder that Terry had bumped into, barely acknowledging her existence with a nod of his head in her direction.“Terry, still working as a freelancer?” he asked with a half‑smile, half‑sneer on his face.
“Still doing all that PR work for your boss?” Terry asked with an innocent look on her face.
Everyone knew that the owner of the TV station was the owner of just about everything else in town. His only rival was the owner of the mining company, and both had friends in very high places. The only thing that station owner couldn't have in this town was an elected position. Not that he hadn't tried, but too many people had seen just how much the “news” had been slanted or not even reported because it wasn't flattering to the “right” people.
Any bar fight in the exclusive and expensive part of town, if it did manage to make the evening news, was indicated as having been a bar in the south end and the name of the bar was never reported. Any fight in a bar in the working areas of town was not only named, but they had film at eleven.
Max ignored the PR comment. He doesn't care about journalism, Terry thought, he's just in it for the pay check, and, from what she knew, it was a very handsome pay check indeed.
She had butted heads with him on a variety of stories, and more than a few times he had taken Terry's own words from a story that had gone to press and used them. The very first time their paths had crossed on a story, Terry had learned a valuable lesson.They both had been sent to cover a public meeting and he had sat back, let the camera run and waited while Terry asked the questions she needed to get the whole story. When she watched the news that night, there was Max, asking Terry's questions word for word, and playing back the answers her questions had evoked. After that, she always let the TV guys go first whenever she was part of a media scrum.
As the media began to filter through to the next room on the tour, Max bowed slightly to Terry, and with an exaggerated flourish of his arm, invited Terry to go first.
“Thanks, but no thanks,” Terry answered. “Would it just be easier if I wrote the questions out for you?” Max scowled, and disappeared through the door.
It took nearly an hour for the camera equipment to be cleaned so the tour didn't start until 10, and it was pretty much what Terry had expected. They all donned lab coats, and she knew that hadn't made Max happy because it covered up his new, and Terry was sure, expensive suit.
The guide took them through the various levels, and when they were actually inside the mineshaft at the bottom of what seemed to be an ever descending set of stairs that ringed the heavy water container, the camera equipment was returned.
One curious event caught Terry's always curious eye.
Max and his cameraman were taken aside for a few moments by a tall gangly man complete with lab coat, glasses, and a clipboard, who led them into a small room off the main mine shaft they were all standing in.
Terry moved slowly and quietly to the partially opened door they had gone through.
“We had a problem opening up this camera,” the man said, “the lens is filthy and we can't get the screws off the back, they seem to be welded in there by dirt.”
“As long as the lens is clean on the outside,” Max said, “the pictures will be fine and if it's that hard to open, it shouldn't make any difference.”
“I don't think you understand,” Dr. Granger said, “I won't approve this camera inside this facility.”
Terry chortled, oooh this is good.Max assumed his “power stance” as Terry called it. He put one hand on his hip, and with the other pointed his finger deliberately and somewhat offensively at the doctor. Normally the power stance would have had a microphone in one hand, but in this case Max figured the finger would do.
“Do you know who I am?” Max asked, expecting that the doctor would know exactly who he was.
“I don't care who you are,” said Dr. Granger.
“Well, you should,” Max replied. “All I have to do is make one phone call,” and with that he reached into his pocket, pulled out a cell phone, and flipped it open.
“Go ahead,” Granger answered, pointing at the poised cell phone in Max's hand, “but I doubt if that will work down here.”
“Then I'll have to use this one,” Max said as he picked up the phone on the wall and pushed the administration button on the speed dial.
While Terry had been enjoying this conversation from her position on the other side of the door, the rest of the group was moving around the facility, getting shots and interviewing the resident experts made available for the media today. She figured she had enough material to rib Max with, and went about her business.
Terry's research had certainly paid off. Jessie Barber, their tour guide, was a much better source of information than those designated to give out the official story. While Jessie and Terry were deep in conversation, out of the corner of her eye Terry saw Max emerge from the room, camera equipment and all.
Bastard, she thought.
What she, and no one else saw, was Max taking his thumb and scraping a small bit of dirt from the back of the camera then carelessly flicking it away.
*****
Bert circled the parking lot twice before he picked the spot he wanted to park in. It was one of the few curious little quirks Bert had, but wouldn't admit to. His car wasn't fancy and it wasn't new, but it was paid for and running in tiptop shape. Bert saw to that.
Throughout the hard times in his life the one thing Bert always made sure of was that he had a car. Growing up in a small town far outside the city limits had left an impression on Bert that being able to get from here to there, whenever he wanted to, was a personal form of wealth. His dad had never owned a car - he could walk to work. In fact, Bert's dad and mom could walk to wherever they needed to go. The horizon of their world was clearly defined by the small town they lived in, and, for them, that had been enough.
When Bert was almost twenty, he had been fortunate enough to win a sports scholarship to a baseball camp, hundreds of miles away in Toronto. Bert could hit just about any ball any pitcher could throw at him, and hit it well, and his natural ability had won him a trip to the provincial capital. It was a chance to show off his skill to the people who could hand him a major league career. For this young man the experience made its mark on his soul and he was never the same again.
The lights of the big city, the masses of people who didn't know your name, or even care to know it, the sheer fact that a person couldn't walk from one end of town to the other was for Bert an explosion in his brain.  It totally and forever squashed any possible contentment that he could have found within the limiting horizons of a small mining town.But at the end of that summer, after all the trials in front of the decision makers, Bert came up short and his baseball hopes stayed on the amateur field. He returned to Stoneridge to find what work he could, but every time he could afford it, when a major league team was playing in Toronto, Bert would get in his car and go to the game.
Why am I going to a psychic fair? He asked himself as he locked up his car, and brushed an errant snowflake from the hood.
“Cause you said you would,” he answered his own question. He met up with Harvey and his buddies at the mall entrance, but didn't see any sign of Barb.
“I thought you said she was going to be here,” Bert asked Harvey quietly.
“She'll be here. C'mon, we have to make appointments to get our readings done,” Harvey said, and as one amorphous group they descended on the kiosks that dotted the centre hall of the mall.
Harvey stopped at one of the coffee shops along the way and bought the entire group coffee.
“We'll have some waiting to do,” Harvey explained his generosity.
The appointments were being booked at Dawn's Book Shop. When they got there, the crowd was just beginning to form outside its doors. Harvey muscled Bert and himself through the small crowd and into the shop. Immediately Bert had the feeling of walls closing in on him.The bookstore itself would be crowded with any more than two customers at a time. Its aisles were narrow and stacks of books took up every available nook and cranny and then some. There wasn't an empty space on any wall, display case, and, as he looked up, even the ceiling was home to an amazing variety of hanging posters and objects of crystal and pewter dangling from small chains. All for sale, no doubt, Bert thought, and he tried to maintain a delicate balance in the middle of a crowd growing restless and jostling for position.
One piece of jewellery did catch his eye. It was a necklace with a lustrous green stone that caught the light from almost any angle, reflecting it back at Bert as though it were a twinkling eye. The stone was set into a finely worked silver filigree and suspended by a delicate chain from the ceiling. Something you would give a girlfriend, Bert thought - if I had one, he reminded himself.
Harvey shoved Bert to the head of their line‑up and when the clerk asked what would it be today, Tarot, Palm, and/or Tea Leaves, Bert asked how much for each.
“It's just love offerings today, dear,” she answered, “you give what you can.”
While Bert was wondering if the gypsy scarf wrapped around the clerk's head was perhaps a little too tightly wound, Harvey piped up and signed Bert up for one of each, then took him by the arm and led him to the soothsayer booths set up in the mall.
Bert started with the palm reader.
When she called out “next” in a voice that sounded like a very unhappy tabby cat, Bert looked around at the seats outside her covered booth and knew his number was up.
He walked in, ducking under the canopy in what the palmist took to be an exaggerated bow.“Wait till I've finished and then you can bow to the power of Katerina,” she rasped, coughed, and spoke all at the same time.
Bert half expected a fur ball to land on the table.
Once he was seated, the lights automatically dimmed and he placed his hands on the table.
When Katerina took his hands in hers, Bert suppressed a shudder. The leathery feel and awkward movement of her hands reminded him of a spider advancing on its prey.
“Ah, a working man,” she said.
Big woo, thought Bert, if you couldn't tell from the calluses on his hands that he did manual labour, you'd have to be blind.
“You're single, but I see somebody new coming into your life,” Katerina continued,
“I also see a trip - a long trip you're going to take with this person.”
Bert had just about had enough when Katerina said, “you work at the observatory, don't you?”
. How the hell did she know that? Bert gulped and looked directly into the eyes of this curious little creature reading his palm.
She grasped his hand tighter, and as he instinctively began to pull away, her eyes went blank and her voice became smooth, almost melodic.
“You will find what they are looking for,” she said, her fingernails digging into his palms. “You will find it with a group of people: some of these will pass over on the journey, it will cost some everything they know and are, and some will only know the journey as a dream half‑remembered.” She paused and Bert again tried to pull his hand away. Katerina grasped it even tighter, “but you, you will find what you need.”
Bert yanked his hands free, and in his haste knocked over his chair as he stood up.
Katerina shook her head, and the raspy voice and awkward movement of her hands returned as she laid them flat on the table. She smiled.
“Was it good for you?” she asked, chuckling.
Bert left the booth disgusted, but not before depositing a fiver in the glass bowl obviously intended for the “love” offerings.
He was about to just up and leave the mall, when Harvey grabbed him by the arm.
“You have to grab a tea for the leaves,” Harvey said, and escorted him to a table on which sat a large urn surrounded by delicate teacups that had seen better days. Bert sighed as he stood there. He glared at Harvey who took no notice at all. He sighed again, looked at the cups on the table and tried to choose the cup with the fewest chips in it. When the lady began to pour, Bert was surprised to see that it wasn't the coded of regular tea.
When he asked for milk and sugar, Madame Trisier looked at him curiously.
“This is herbal tea. I don't think you want anything in it,” she said, as she took a spoon and dug into a canister beside the urn to add a heaping measure of tealeaves to Bert's cup.
He let the leaves settle for a minute, sniffed the hot steam coming out of the cup, screwed up his courage, and tasted the brew. He nearly spit it out, but as he downed the mouthful, gulping hard, he caught site of Harvey doing the same thing. It took him a good ten minutes to get most of the liquid out of the cup, and when that was done, Madame placed the saucer over the top of his cup, inverting them, slamming them down on the table.
No wonder there are so many chips in the china, Bert thought.
She picked up the cup and started murmuring to herself.
“I see a trip,” she said, “but you won't like it.”
Again Bert's impatience began to grow. “Show me where you see that,” he demanded.
Madame shoved the cup under his nose, and pointed to an abstract pattern of leaves on the inside of the cup.
“See, the leaves form a trail from the bottom of the cup to the top, and the leaves at the top don't look happy,” she said.
“Maybe that's because when you turned the cup over and slammed it onto the saucer the liquid carried some of the leaves to the top,” he said, frustration showing in his voice. “I'll bet that almost everybody who gets their leaves read is going on a trip,” Bert said as he walked away from the table, leaving Madame Trisier and her tea leaves to themselves, leaving no more “offerings behind”.
Harvey watched as his friend stomped away from the tealeaf reader. He could tell his friend was almost at the end of his patience rope. So, as Harvey sat down at Madame Trisier's table, he cautioned Bert with a wave of his hand and a wink of his eye.
“Okay, okay,” Bert nodded back at him, “I'll stay for awhile.”
While Harvey was chatting up a storm with the Madame, as Bert now thought of her, he went back inside the bookstore for a browse. Again, the green stone caught his eye, and Bert found himself at the counter asking the “gypsy” how much it was.
“It's on special,” she said, eyeing Bert up and down, as though she was looking in Bert's wallet for that magical price that would guarantee a purchase.
It was more than Bert had on him, but that's what credit cards were for, he thought. There was just something about this necklace that appealed to him, so he bought it.
He took the tiny bag containing his purchase and put it in his pocket. He really didn't want to have to explain it to Harvey. He really couldn't explain it to himself. As he was leaving the store, he caught up with a smiling Harvey.
“That tealeaf reader was good,” Harvey said. “She gave me some numbers to play in the lottery.”
Bert snorted.
“One more to go,” Harvey promised. Bert didn't like the way Harvey snickered as he said this.
The Tarot card reader was in the centre of the kiosks and the line‑up had dwindled down to nothing. Once again, Harvey shoved Bert into the lead.
Bert entered and sat down at a small table covered with a cloth painted with the signs of the zodiac. In the middle of the table sat a silver candelabrum with seven lit candles glowing and giving off a perfumed spicy scent. Celtic music played softly in the background and a small woman with clear blue eyes and long chestnut brown hair invited Bert to sit.
“My name is Melinda,” she said.At least this one has a friendly voice, Bert thought, and something about the voice was familiar, familiar enough for Bert to take a really good long look at Melinda. As Bert’s eyes adjusted to the moody lighting of this booth, he got a good look at the woman opposite him at the table, and he let out a roar of laughter, nearly doubling over.
“Hi, Barb,” Bert could only gasp out from vocal chords preoccupied with deep rolling laughter.
“It's Melinda for today, if you don't mind,” Barb said, trying to maintain a dignified composure until she too gave in to the moment, and for a few minutes their laughter fed each other's.
“So do you come here often?” Barb asked.
“Do you?” Bert replied, his laughter settling down to an occasional chuckle.
“It's just something I do on the side,” she said.
She picked up the Tarot deck and eyed Bert carefully, “I have to pick a card that will represent you,” she said. “Um, a middle‑aged man with dark hair. That is your natural colour isn't it?”
Bert was surprised by the question, but nodded his head.
“And brown eyes, um, I think I'll pick this one, the King of Wands.” She placed that card in the centre, shuffled the rest, and laid the top cards out in the classic Celtic pattern. To Bert it looked like a circle around the King, and then a straight line of four cards on the right hand side.
“I see a trip,” Barb said.
“Not you, too,” Bert moaned.
“No, really. But it's going to be a strange trip,” she said.“Next you're going to tell me that I will be taking a beautiful brown-haired woman with me,” Bert said.
“Are you asking me for a date?” Barb asked.
“Would ya go on one?” Bert asked cautiously with a half concealed and hopeful smile.
“Would it be Dutch treat?” Barb wanted to know.
They broke out in laughter again, laughter that spilled out beyond the curtains covering this booth to the crowd Harvey had amassed after Bert's back had disappeared into Melinda's booth.
  While they couldn't hear what was being said, they did hear the laughter and more than a few winks made the rounds of this motley crew as Harvey gave the thumbs up sign.
“So how long have you been doing this?” Bert asked Barb.
“Well, a few years ago, I got laid off. I had some time on my hands so I decided to learn something, and this was it.”
“But what got you started on Tarot cards?”
“Helen.”
“Helen?” asked Bert.
“Yea, the lady who runs the bookstore.”
“Ooh, the gypsy,” Bert nodded knowingly.
“She really is one.” Barb seemed a little defensive about this, “She's a really good friend,” Barb cautioned Bert.
“How did you ever meet her?” Bert asked.
“Well, three years ago, I needed a good friend and she was there. You know, it was one of those low points in life?”
Bert nodded. He had his share of those times too.
“You know, I'm a really good listener,” he said.
Barb looked at him, wondering just how much she should tell, trying to decide how much he wanted to hear.
Back then she was unemployed, overweight and unhappily married. One early Saturday morning, her husband of five years had told her just how useless he thought she was as he left, baggage and all, to go and live with a woman who had kicked her husband out and kept the house. Barb had never thought of herself as a beauty, but she did resent losing to someone who was a skinny little thing, with a face that looked like an unfinished lumpy clay bust that the artist just couldn't bring himself to smooth out. But that home wrecker had a job and a house paid for by her ex. It took a while, but Barb finally came to believe that the woman who had stolen her husband and her miserable ex deserved each other, and Helen had been one of the sister saviours that Barb had needed so much.
The first Sunday she had woken up to being single, Barb went on a crash diet, and spent her weekdays making the rounds, looking for a job. All she got for her efforts was “we'll call you'' and twenty extra pounds. Lonely and depressed, she had wandered into Dawn's bookstore one day, looking for nothing in particular and the answer to life in general.
Helen had heard Barb's story from countless other women who had lived it, and her sympathetic ear made Barb feel safe in telling her story. This one little shopping trip opened up a whole new world for Barb, a world that included the confidence to go after and get a good paying job, as well as a trim waist.
“I didn't know you had been married,” Bert said.
“It's not something I brag about,” Barb said, “but it does make me cautious when somebody asks me out.”
“Well, I knew you were a tough boss,” Bert teased her, “but how about we start with coffee. Perhaps Madame Melinda would take a short break?”As the pair exited the booth, Harvey and his buddies stifled the whoops they wanted to shout, and let out a groan when the “Be Back in 10 Minutes” sign went up.
 Harvey was about to tag along with Bert and Barb until he caught the look in Bert's eyes. Out of the corner of her eye, Barb also caught the look, and she couldn't help but smile.
*****
By the time Bert got home that night, there were five messages on his answering machine, all from Harvey. Even though it was late, Bert returned the call, and almost as soon as his buddy answered the phone, Bert wished he hadn't.
“Sooo, did ya get your cards read privately or what?” Harvey asked.
“What are you, fifteen? Just shut up, Harv,” Bert said. There was an almost pained silence from the other end of the phone. Bert felt bad about talking to his buddy like that, but he knew that if he and Harv and Barb were going to be able to work together, this situation had to be controlled.
“Look, we had coffee and that was it.” Bert said, “You knew all along that she read cards, didn't you?”
“Yup,” answered Harvey. “You know I saw you two in the Food Court in the mall. You two looked real good together at the coffee shop.”
“Well, it kinda felt good,” Bert said, “But Harv, it wasn't a date. We just talked and it was fun, kinda interesting. She knows a lot more about the work at the observatory than I would have thought she did. She's a pretty smart gal.”
“Like what?”“It's late, I'm tired, and I want to go to bed,” Bert said, “but I don't want you teasing us or saying anything at all at work, okay?”
“Oh sure.” Harvey answered, “But you're gonna have to talk to me tomorrow, or there's gonna be a lot of rumours running wild.”


Chapter 3

Terry dropped off her film at the paper, and went home to an empty house to write her story. Though she didn't make much money as a freelancer, she managed to eke out a living, but the cost had been high. While she was in her last year of college, her parents had died and left her the house she lived in. It wasn't big or fancy, and it certainly wasn't in the best part of town, but it had a couple of acres attached to it and everything she needed to call home. It was enough to let her follow her dream of being a journalist, albeit alone.
Her favourite room in the house was the darkroom her dad had built for her. When she had first applied at the Northern Chronicle, the only newspaper in town, she had wanted to develop her own film, but that didn't go over well with the photographers at the paper. They were all full‑time union guys who knew when they could sit on their asses and when they had to occasionally flex that muscle just to let everyone know who was the boss and who got first dibs on the “glamour” shots for the paper.
Terry was surprised when her editor had finally relented under her barrage of requests to let her take the pictures for the neutrino story. It wasn't the first time she had butted heads with the editor to do her own photography, and while she wouldn't admit it to the editor, she did understand the situation he was in. The constant battle between full‑time employees and freelancers was typical of the dynamics in that office, and Terry assumed that this victory was one occasion of a boss flexing his corporate muscle because he didn't like the way the hired help weren't flexing theirs.Terry chuckled at the very thought of such a contest, thankful that she had her own darkroom, her own computer at home to work on, and access to the internet that limited the necessity of her going in to the office.
“It's going to be a long night,” Terry sighed, as she grabbed a cup of coffee, turned on her computer, and started going through her notes.
There was so much information here, and her editor, as usual, had told her to keep the story fairly short. He was paying for the photo and he didn't want to have to pay for a lot of column inches for a story. More than once or twice, Terry had wondered about the editor's choices. Stories that Terry thought would make a huge impact on people seemed to be the very stories that the editor cut and chopped down to the point where Terry hadn't even made minimum wage for her efforts.
Get to work, she warned herself. She sat in an oversized chair she had bought from an office clear out. Her small frame hardly filled it, and as she tried to decide what her lead for this story would be, she spun herself around, gathering her thoughts, trying to focus on the task at hand. The observatory was an amazing structure, she thought to herself, and a good example of recycling an old mine site. The cavity was 10 stories deep, 18 meters across, and would eventually be filled with light water.  The observatory took up the bottom three floors of this shaft. The floor on the bottom was where the generating plant was installed, and the floor up from that was where the cosmic action was supposed to take place. Inside this giant tube carved out of the rock was where the clear acrylic vat containing the Deuterium would sit, floating in a bath of light water. The vat itself would hold 1,000 gallons of Deuterium, usually called Heavy Water. The photomultiplier tubes that would magnify the Cerenkov radiation or blue light that appeared when the electron was excited and started to move through the D2O faster than the speed of light could through this heavy water would be placed around this floor.
As she collected her thoughts and facts, Terry made a mental note to make sure to check her final copy to make sure readers understood that heavy water, deuterium, and D2O were all one and the same thing.
Her chair creaked as she shifted her weight to reach for the research papers she had gotten from Tom. She put them on the desk beside her, grabbed a scrunchie to tie back her hair and reviewed the material.
Solar neutrinos were being sent out from the sun on a regular basis, but so far, according to Dr. Granger, these sub‑atomic particles, because they had virtually no mass could penetrate matter without leaving a disturbance trail in their wake. Except in the observatory situation. Fact is, Terry thought, neutrinos were so elusive that even trying to prove their existence changed their very substance; at least that's what Jessie had said. From the research Terry had done, it was clear that no one knew or had yet hypothesized what would happen when the neutrino interacted with the D2O. But because these reactions were expected to be a rare event, such a small occurrence of interactions would give the scientists some clues to neutrinos without risking a catastrophic result.
This gave Terry pause.Tom had explained that neutrinos were an integral part of the creation of a supernova. The release of neutrinos from a dying star was an indication that a solar blast could be on its way. Terry understood that when a sun runs out of nuclear energy, the gravitational energy still in the core of that star takes over and starts drawing matter inward, like closing a fist. This increases the mass at the core and leads to the release of the tiniest bits of matter, the neutrinos. Because they only have so much energy, they can only travel so far from the core before losing momentum, and a band of what is called “cold” neutrinos begins to build, forming an orbit of these little bits around the core.  Between this band and the core, another band of “hot” neutrinos build up. Eventually the mass of the core becomes too great for its circumference and a massive explosion blows it apart, sending out a concentrated stream of neutrinos that bathes everything in their path as they travel outward from the explosion.
It certainly was an interesting question, Terry thought. What would happen if too many neutrinos hit matter too dense for their transit, if such a thing could occur with particles too small to be seen and with such little mass that they traveled right through whatever was in their way, supposedly without affecting anything.
“Way too much information here,” Terry said to no one in general, and to her cat Munster who was pretending to claw Terry's chair because it was snack time for him. Mun had a way of anticipating Terry's need for a mental break from her work, and happily offered his services whenever his tummy felt the slightest bit empty; and, for this pudgy feline companion of Terry's, that was often. While Terry measured out Munster's evening feed, her mind was preoccupied with her story.
“You know, Mun, it's like these neutrinos are the ghosts in God's universe. They travel everywhere, except nobody knows when or how they pass us by, or through,” Terry said, almost dropping the bag of kibble on the counter. Mun didn't like the sound it made, pausing his munching only long enough to glare at Terry.That's it, she thought, that's my lead into the story.
Having decided on a direction for her story, Terry sat down at the computer and banged it out within an hour. Once she had gotten the image of the ghost in God's machine, the story had practically written itself. Tired but satisfied, Terry e‑mailed her story to the editor and went to bed. There was no tossing and turning tonight - she was asleep as soon as Munster had settled in on the pillow next to her.
*****
She was standing on a platform, at least she thought she was, and she could see a large bubble of glass filled with fluid. There was a bank of windows, dimly lit, around this container and faces peered through the glass into the cavern below. She focused in on the faces. They were laughing and she saw champagne glasses in the hands of some of the people gathered here. Beyond the well‑dressed figures were rows of computers, their blue screens filled with rows of numbers.
Something drew the attention of the people away from most of the windows until only one window held the attention of this group. On the wall next to it was a switch with a big red ribbon attached. She recognized the face of the person about to pull the switch - it was Dr. Granger.
The recognition that this was the observatory flashed through Terry's semi‑conscious mind, and she understood that she was dreaming.
It's their grand opening, she realized, and all the important people from town are here. She looked at her dream feet and knew that she was floating somewhere inside the cavern.As Dr. Granger pulled the switch, Terry heard a low hum and the monitors in the control room began to scroll with the incoming data. As the applause and the self‑congratulations among the invited guests began to subside, they were oblivious to what Terry saw.
Flashes of blue light began to appear, and the monitor screens began to scroll faster as information flowed into them.
The lights began to flash faster and brighter, building to a single pulse that alternated with an annoying and ever-increasing hum.
Then it all disappeared.
The light stopped. The water and the dome vanished - replaced by an abrupt and deadly silent darkness creeping out from what used to be the control room. The darkness expanded, engulfing everything in its outward path, leaving nothing where it had touched. Rapidly, it reached out its sphere of influence towards Terry's position, and, as she turned to flee, her flailing hand slapped Munster. With a sharp meow and a gasp of air, Terry awoke from her dream, sweating, heart pounding so hard she could feel it against her ribs.
“God, what a dream,” she said out loud, and Munster, angry at being so rudely awakened, flicked his lumpy black tail in her face, then gracefully stomped off the bed.
As was her practice, Terry grabbed the notebook she kept next to the bed, and wrote down every detail of her dream that she could remember.
“It just disappeared,” Terry said, “it just disappeared.”  Writing the dream down did its work. Terry was used to vivid dreams. As a child she had awoken screaming on more occasions than she cared to remember, and her mother had put that first notebook by her bed to help with the bad dreams.
“If you write it down, then you can control it,” Terry's mother had said.
Once more, her mother's wisdom did its magic. Terry went back to sleep and didn't dream again that night.
*****
By 10 the following morning, Munster, who hadn't forgiven Terry for the interrupted sleep the night before, had waited long enough for his morning repast and decided Terry had slept too long. He skipped the gentle meows and the polite paw touches to Terry's arm. He went straight to the screeching harangue he knew would capture Terry's full and wide‑awake attention.
“Okay, okay, Mun, I'm awake,” Terry grumbled.
Once more she did her pet duty, put out his food, cleaned the litter box, and put on the coffee. While it was brewing, she checked the mailbox for the paper, a daily ritual for her, especially on those days when she knew she was going to have a story in it.
As usual, the paperboy had stuffed it in the box so that when Terry pulled it out, the edges tore. A large drop of melting snow hit the front page. Terry could see the ripples form in the cheap newsprint the Chronicle used.
I'd like to think that I was at least making a living working for these cheap bastards, Terry thought, but she knew better.
With coffee in hand, she sat down at the kitchen table and opened the paper, searching for her story. It was on page three, complete with picture.Wow, she thought, he left the lead in and he didn't cut much of the story. Terry could see at least making the minimum on this one. She turned her attention to the photograph.
“God,” she said out loud, “those photogs at the paper either don't know what a filter on the enlarger is, or they just don't give a damn.” She was pissed.
The photograph wasn't just grainy; it was so washed out that the details were hard to see. On top of that, they had cropped the photograph to make it centered, a big no no in terms of design.
“That does it,” she said. “Either they let me develop and print or they don't get my photos.”
Terry knew photography. The past fall she had a show at the local gallery and the sales of her prints had so impressed the owner that he had scheduled a second show for early summer. Because Terry took pride in her work and the skills she had acquired from school and from practice, she actually punched the numbers on the phone as she called her editor.
“Northern Chronicle.”
“Yes, let me speak to Dave, please.”
She hummed along with the inane music that she was forced to listen to while she was on hold.
“Dave.”
“Yea, it's Terry. What happened to the photograph?”
“We were a little rushed last night,” Dave said, as though it were something new for a daily newspaper.“Dave, this photo looks like crap, and from now on, I want to develop my own photos,” Terry was in no mood for a no.
“Okay, okay,” Dave answered, “I was going to call you anyway today. We got some calls on your story.”
Terry's ego perked up at this news. Getting calls was a good thing, but, almost as if Dave could feel her ego swelling, he quickly burst the emerging bubble.
“Actually, they were more like complaint calls,” he said.
Terry's ego perked down, and she cautiously asked, “What's the problem?”
“Well, it seems a few people, more than a few actually, didn't like your reference to God in a science story,” Dave said, and Terry could hear the caution in his voice.
“Huh?” Terry was confused.
“It seems there are some religious groups in the city who think that the slant on this story was, and I quote, ‘demeaning’ to the concept of God.”
“What?” Terry was still confused.
“One of them said that these scientists were challenging the very existence of God by conducting these experiments,” Dave was chuckling as he said this, “and they said that it was just like the discovery of the Atomic bomb. Mankind isn't supposed to know these things, so God turned the bomb into a terrible weapon to kill off mankind.” He could barely finish the sentence, punctuating his words with outright guffaws.
“Sort of like the case of being careful what you ask for,” Dave said.
“Good grief,” Terry said. She took no amusement in this, “Who are they, some kind of fundamentalist right wingers?” she asked.“Actually, by ten this morning I had eight faxes from several groups, including some mainstream church leaders,” Dave said, Terry could hear him shuffling the faxes she was sure were on his desk, “We got the Catholics, the Presbyterians, the Unitarians, the Anglicans, and even a Muslim or two.”
“Don't sweat it,” Dave said. “The story was a good one, and I liked the imagery. It makes it more understandable to the average reader.”
“We'll print a few of the letters and that should get these people off our backs,” he said.
“Okay. But I have some follow‑ups on the lab that I'm going to check out,” Terry moved on to her next order of business with Dave. “Apparently there are some scientists who say that neutrinos don't even exist; it's a theory called Autodynamics,” Terry said, hoping the information would tease Dave enough to assign her another story.
“Well, look into it, but I don't think we're going to do another story until the heavy water arrives,” Dave said.
“That should be in about two months,” Terry said. “I made a good contact at the lab. She promised to let me know when things were happening and she promised to get me a front row seat.”
“Okay, and about the photos, for the stories you do on the lab, I'll let you do the developing and the printing, but for other stories, you know I have staff photogs that I have to keep busy. When you do come in to print, try to come in when they're out on assignment.”
“That will be tough to do,” Terry said.
Dave laughed, because he knew just how much time the photogs spent sitting on their asses in the newsroom.
*****
That issue of the Chronicle made an impact on more than just the religious community. Copies circulated among the staff at the observatory from the assembly room to the front office.
“Good story, eh?” Bert said to Barb, as he entered the lunchroom and saw the paper opened to the story.
“Interesting analogy,” Barb said, “This whole place has a special feel to it now, like we're involved in something extraordinary.”
As Harvey entered the room, Bert took Barb's paper and slid it under a pile of old papers on the table. Bert didn't want to give his buddy anything to carp on today. He was just in too good a mood for Harv's blatherings.
“Did you see the paper?” Harvey asked, and everyone in the lunchroom groaned.
“Did ya see it?” he asked as he looked around the room, his voice full of indignation.
“Yeah, we did,” Barb said, and she gave Bert a warning glance.
“Ghost, they said we were lookin' for ghosts,” Harv said sarcastically, as he shook his head at what was to him a huge insult.
“This is science, not superstition,” Harv said and Bert could barely stifle a gasp.
“But, you're the one who is always reading that garbage stuff about UFOs, alien abductions, and all that crap.” Bert was having a hard time figuring out his friend.
“That's different,” Harv said, “We got a chance to prove something here, and that paper makes it sound like it's fairy tale stuff.”
“Well, what's the difference?” Barb asked.“Because we got people, scientists, guys with university degrees coming out the wazoo, guys like the ones who worked on the A‑bomb. Smart people,” Harv gave up on his explanation when his breath ran out and he paused to take in air and settle his thoughts.
He really couldn't explain what the difference was, but deep down he knew there was a difference. He liked the stories in his favourite trashy tabloid, The World Wide Watcher, but he also knew at the very core of his thinking ability there probably was a rational explanation for the events the Watcher reported. He just didn't want to believe the rational. Science, now that was different.
Science was something a little beyond Harvey's comprehension. He didn't have the background knowledge that would help him understand the new technology and theories, but he knew that computers worked, man had flown to the moon, and the atomic bomb had killed thousands of people and ended a world war.
Towns disappearing, people being abducted, and UFO sightings were, to Harvey, good stories meant to entertain and amuse, stories you took on faith; faith that they weren't quite true and faith that someday they might come true. That's what science fiction was, an idea that eventually came true. But the lab was science fact because Harvey was working in it, and while Harvey's thoughts were muddled, he was pretty sure he knew the difference ‑ he just couldn't explain it. 
The end of the lunch hour saved Harvey from any more attempts to explain to his friends what was clearly unclear to him.A different set of circumstances and discussions were taking place among the scientists and technicians working upstairs in the control room.
“Ghosts in the machine,” Dr. Granger laughed, “that's a pretty good image of what we're trying to do here.”
Jessie was relieved to hear that from her boss. She had given Terry a long and thorough interview and had been anxiously awaiting the story to see what the spin would be. She knew Granger played things close to the vest and liked to control anything said publicly about the lab.
He had fought for four years with bureaucrats, governments, and even with some in the scientific community to get this type of operation up and running, but it was the agreement with the mining company that had clinched the deal for the research. New legislation from both the provincial and federal levels of government had begun to cost companies money for cleaning up old abandoned mine sites, and those costs could put a company out of business. The company gained a great deal of good publicity by donating the old mine site and for kicking in a good portion of the money to get the mineshaft ready for the lab.
Environmentalists hadn't liked the idea. They had made their presence felt in the days before the research grants had been finalized, and The Chronicle had given voice to just about everyone who didn't want the facility to be built.
Besides the public debates, and they had gotten ugly at times, Jessie knew that terrible battles had been fought behind closed doors, and, to give Granger his due, she thought, won by her boss.
“This should go a long way towards getting the people of this town involved and proud of the lab,” Jessie said.Granger nodded his head, “You know this reporter is a good contact for us. Make sure you keep her informed.”
Jessie had every intention of doing that, and went off to phone Terry to give her congrats.
*****
In an office far away from the city and the lab, another boardroom was dealing with Terry's story.
The paneled room was in semi‑darkness as the members entered. As each lamp was lit, the lights began to shine softly, reflecting their glow off the auburn walls. Men and women in carefully tailored suits took their seats around a large oval desk. On the desk in front of each chair was a pile of documents, and they sat quietly ruffling through pages until the chairman called the meeting to order.
“I'm sure you have all seen the story,” she said, “and we have to decide what we're going to do about it.”
There was a murmur of assent from those around the table, and then an empty pause.
“We can't do much from here, but I think we should be sending someone there to keep an eye on this situation. We have two months before the deuterium is delivered, and probably a month after that they should be up and running.”“Yes,” the chairwoman agreed, “but we can't just sit and watch. We have to decide here and now what to do about the potential of this situation. They don't know what they are doing or what they might get, just like everything else they have done. They're like children playing with a gun. In theory, they know it is supposed to shoot something, but they don't know how or why the gun goes off, or where the bullet will end up.” 
Almost everyone sitting at the table nodded their heads in frustrated agreement.
Mark Starr sat patiently listening to the suggestions and ideas being considered by his colleagues. None of them included the direct action he would take if he were in charge.
A small explosion would take care of this situation nicely, he thought.
“We can't blow it up,” the chairwoman said, and Mark shifted uncomfortably in his seat.
Does she read minds too, he wondered, and the chairwoman accurately read the sardonic meaning of the smile on Mark's face.
“No, I just know you very well,” she said. “This situation calls for finesse, not a sledge hammer.”
“We need to control the information they get from this, and if we stop the project dead in its tracks, they'll just build a new one. They are very close to understanding neutrinos, which we want them to do, but only to a degree.”
“What about drumming up resistance to the experiment? The environmentalists put the lab two years behind schedule,” was one of the suggestions. “It was an effective delaying tactic in the past.”
“Again,” the chairwoman sighed as though she were talking to a dull child, “we can't delay them any more. We have to cause them to give up on the idea altogether, or only let them find out some of the information they are looking for.”
Mark had some ideas on how to do this, and they all involved his going on a trip.“We can delay long enough to get somebody inside on this project. After that, it should be relatively easy to control the flow of information. A little addition to the computer program should take care of that,” Mark said.
The board seemed to like this idea, and, before anyone else could offer their services, Mark offered his.
The vote was unanimous, as Mark knew it would be. There were few at the table that shared his sense of adventure or had his polished, devious attitude.
“Okay, you leave in the morning,” the chairwoman said.

Chapter 4

Over the next two months, Bert and his gang finished up the assembly of the photomultiplier tubes almost without incident. On the last scheduled shift, late Friday afternoon, Harvey was putting the last screw in a casing when he broke the screwdriver during his final twist to tighten it.
“Damn,” Harvey cried out as the screwdriver sliced a couple of layers of skin off his index finger like a precision meatcutter slicing last Sunday's roast beef. Blood began to pour out of the wound as Bert called for the first aid kit.
By the time Barb arrived with the kit, Harvey had wiped his finger clean on his jump suit and was trying to hide the damage from Barb's vigilant eye.
C'mon Harv, I have to at least put a bandage on it,” Barb said, coaxing Harvey as though he were a child.
'S okay, it's okay,” Harvey said, but Barb grabbed his hand and cleaned the wound.
“Had to happen on the last day,” Harvey said, as Barb peeled the paper from the bandage and wrapped it around his finger.
The crowd lingering around the injured Harvey began to break up as they headed for the lunchroom to punch out for the last time. It was a sad day for most of the people working here, because this last shift meant their next paycheck was the last, and for many of them, the next one would be a long time coming. As they exited the room, they all made sure everyone knew the plans for that evening, a bittersweet wrap-up party.
Barb waited until it was just her, Bert, and the injured Harvey remaining in the assembly room.
“Going to the party tonight, Barb?” Bert asked, although he was pretty sure he knew the answer. These last two months had been remarkable for him. That coffee date had been just the beginning, and it had now become a full-blown romance although both had been careful not to bring it into the workplace.
“Yeah, how about you, Harv, or are you going to need surgery tonight?” Barb asked with a chuckle.
“Hey, I'm not a baby ya know. It just hurt, that's all,” Harv said, his face flushed with embarrassment.
“Anyway, I have some news,” Barb said. She paused significantly and looked at Bert, knowing that he always felt more than a little uncomfortable at not knowing what was coming next.
“Well, next week they are going to be testing the tubes and the brass has decided to keep a skeleton crew on in case some of the tubes have to be refitted, and,” she paused again, not being able to hide a smile, “the three of us are it.”
Harvey let out a whoop of delight, all pain forgotten, Bert's confusion showed on his face. He had one question for Barb.
"Why us? We're the oldest in the group. I thought they would have kept some of the part-time university students they hired.”
“Seems like we're the best candidates,” Barb said, “from what I know of the personnel files, we're the only ones who don't have any family, none of us are married or have kids. That's the only difference I can see.”
“Does the rest of the gang know?” Bert asked.
Barb shook her head. “I didn't want to say anything. The word came down on Tuesday and I was just as surprised as you are.”
“We'll be working the same shifts as before, except we don't have to go through the Vac everyday. Now that the tubes are all in place, it's going to be maintenance only.”
“So when do they throw the switch on this lab?” Bert asked.
“Monday,” Barb answered, “and we pretty much get a front row seat,” she chuckled. “Not bad for two high school dropouts and one night school grad.”
*****
Every technician was in his place early the morning the tests began. Jessie and most of the others had shown up a full hour early that day. They sat at their stations, waiting patiently for the first test of the facility. Some tapped nervous fingers on their desks; others beat out distracted rhythms with a pencil, as the very air in the room seemed to thicken with anticipation. Granger paced back and forth beside the row of computers that would document the story of what they were attempting to prove. Finally, Jessie broke the silence.
“All set here,” Jessie said. “Computers are on line and waiting.”
“Run a systems check first and then open the line to the tubes,” Granger said.
“Done,” Paolo answered quickly, as his computer beeped at him.
Granger pressed the 'run' button.
As tube after tube came on-line, system lights on all the computer stations began to glow. A low hum spread throughout the control room, building to an annoying crescendo. When all the tubes were on-line with the computers in the control room, the sense of anticipation in the control room grew.  The computer screens' neon after-glow of computer technology lit up the room in an eerie light, and the hum continued.
As technicians stared into their computer screens, some held a hand to one ear to block out the hum, but all searched their screen for the log-on prompt that said data was now available.
Jessie crossed and uncrossed her fingers in a reflexive action as if that would somehow make something happen. It didn't, so she sat and she waited.
“We're getting more information from that hum,” Jessie said, “than we are from these computers.”
Granger paced the length of the room, checking every screen for any scrap of information it might contain.
“Shut it down,” Granger said in disgust. “We may be on-line but there's no feed coming through, at least none that we can access.”
He threw his clipboard down on his desk and stalked out of the room. Jessie could read the look on his face and knew now was not the time to make any suggestions about solutions.
Granger slammed the door to his office and took refuge behind his desk. He knew, he just knew, that the scrimping on the computers had been responsible for this. Of all the arguments to have lost in his quest for this facility, this one was probably one of the very few that could put paid to all the arguments he had won. He reached for the phone and was determined that this situation was going to get fixed now. He punched the speed dial number on his phone with a vengeance, and by the time his call was answered he wasn't asking to speak to the Minister of Science - he was demanding that he speak to him.
“Those bloody computers don't work,” Granger said, “I want them fixed and fixed now. We have three weeks before the D2O gets here, and I am not going to sit here and wait while the government debates this expenditure.”
There was a slight pause at the other end of the telephone before a reply was given in a polished voice that knew just how to handle delicate situations and difficult people. John Carlysle, the Minister, was one of the few friends that the lab had in the current government, but that didn't mean he was a miracle worker. He had been expecting a problem, all the while hoping it wouldn't happen. When the fight to build the lab was taking place behind government doors, expenditures were the one hang-up this government had. Paring down the cost to an acceptable level had been Carlysle's contribution to getting the lab up and running, and while he had never told Granger the whole truth, state of the art computers was one battle he had lost.
Most of his colleagues were computer dummies, although this was something he never expressed to them. They didn't understand that speed and capacity were critical; even his analogy of the difference between a typewriter and a computer didn't seem to make the point. Hell, these guys didn't understand anything that didn't need oil, gas, or a lube job. Some of them could type, but only with a secretary looking over their shoulder telling them how to shift to get a capital letter, and the confusion really started to show when they had to save to a disk. It never ceased to amaze him that the people in charge of the billions of dollars that the government oversaw couldn't understand a mouse or a keyboard, and one system looked just as good as another to them. The computers they had settled on had been upgraded systems taken from one of the satellite offices the government had closed down to centralize operations in the capital.
“Calm down David,” Carlysle said in his most soothing voice, “I half expected something like this. What's the problem specifically?”
Carlysle listened patiently as Granger let loose with a litany of complaints, eventually detailing the specific problem.
“Okay, okay, I can't get you new computers, but we have a bank of specialists, and we can send one down to straighten this out.”
“He better be a fucking genius to get these systems on line in a week so we can test.” Granger surprised himself at the use of that particular curse word; it was out of his mouth before he could stop it and Carlysle let out a gasp at Granger's choice. 
“Okay, you made your point,” Carlysle said, and hung up quickly before he too let loose with a few not-so-well-chosen words. The worst of it was, he had used those words in his mind as punctuation many times when dealing with his government colleagues over the issue of the lab. Even though biting his tongue had maybe left a few scars of frustration on his psyche, he had gotten what he wanted - a lab in Stoneridge that could make it as famous as Los Alamos.
He knew exactly who he was going to send up there. Mark Starr was one of the most promising computer geeks he had ever come across, and if anyone could solve this problem, he could. All he had to do was get the expenditure past the government cabinet.
Starr had been the only one who had been able to figure out how an internal memo about a secret investigation into a government backbencher's financial investment in a company that was routinely awarded government contracts got leaked.
Carlysle still chuckled over that affair. It seemed one member of the government cabinet had been trying to send the document electronically to another member, but ended up not only sending it to every member of government, including the opposition, and managed to fax it to the media at the same time. It had taken several months and an inquiry to deal with that, but it took Mark Starr to follow the trail and find out who the dummy was.
*****
Elsie Carter was a widow of some age. She had come to Canada from Scotland as a young girl because opportunities in her native country for her parents had been few and far between. They had enough of a sense of adventure to be among the immigrants to a country that was, for the most part, undiscovered and growing with the momentum of a run away train. There were opportunities in almost every field. Farmland was virtually being given away to people who had the backbone to try their hand at it, and mining and forestry industries were crying for labor.
Elsie's dad first tried farming because he had a passing acquaintance with it back home. He failed twice at that, and then decided that mining was a good bet. He moved the family to a small town called Pitwell's Place and they settled in for the long haul. Mining seemed to be in his blood, and the family prospered. As the mine grew, so did the town around it, and Elsie was one of those still living who could remember the town as it once had been.
She had grown up, married one of the miners and she too settled into family life in her town. By the time her husband retired, the mine had closed and the town was shrinking into the oblivion of her memories. She had been one of the last to leave, unwilling to give up the house that she had made into a home, even after her husband had died.
The check the company offered her for her home would never have been enough to get her to move if the town had not already died and her children hadn't browbeaten her into moving into what she called “an old folks home.” It wasn't really; it was a brand new condominium on the edge of Stoneride, and, secretly, Elsie liked it. In fact, several other tenants in the building were either miners and their wives, or miner's widows. One was even from Pitwell's Place, although Maxine was much younger than Elsie. They spent many hours reminiscing about home and the peculiarities of living in a mining town.
On the day the lab tried to do a test run on the tubes, they weren't the only ones that heard the hum as the tubes came on line.
At first Elsie thought it was her hearing aid acting up again. She had been sitting quietly, knitting a sweater for her granddaughter’s birthday. A faint buzzing in her ear made her look around. It sounded like the annoying buzz of a mosquito in the room, circling her, looking for the best place to land and feed.
She swatted the air around her head but the sound didn't go away. It just got worse. It got so bad Elsie knew it wasn't a mosquito, and, before it got painful, she pulled her hearing aid out of her ear and shut it off. The hum continued.
She got up and went to her door to see if others in the complex were out and about. Maxine was across the way gardening, and as Elsie watched her, she too put her hand to her ear and removed her hearing aid.
Elsie called out to Maxine, “Did you hear it, too?”
Maxine lifted her hand to her ear as though in pain and nodded her head.
The noise stopped so abruptly that both Maxine and Elsie felt a physical relief.
“What on earth was that?” Elsie asked, and Maxine replied she didn't know, but was glad it stopped.
“Maybe it's time to get our aids checked out,” Maxine said.
Over the course of the next few days, Maxine and Elsie found out that it wasn't their hearing aids. Others without the equipment heard it too, but not as intensely as they had. Both checked with their doctors, who also had no idea of what happened, although there were a few theories.
“Maybe it was those invisible UFOs,” teased John from the condo next door to Maxine.
“More likely it was that cheap stereo and your old scratchy country records,” Maxine shot back at him. John didn't have a hearing aid, although everyone else in the complex thought he should get one because he played his music so loud that almost every apartment swayed to the nasal twang of country singers long gone, but not quite buried.
Elsie hated having a hearing aid. It would pick up the whine of engines and stiff winds. When she went downtown shopping she had to turn it off because the traffic noise was so intense that she had actually become confused and walked into a bar one day, instead of the store she had been heading for. Elsie had never before in her life been in a bar. She was a good old-fashioned Christian girl from the day she was born, and when her eyes had adjusted to the dim lighting of the bar, and saw the mournful souls sitting on the stools, she fled as fast as her eighty-year-old legs would take her. Given her age - that was fast indeed. Now she always went shopping with someone and never ventured downtown alone.
*****
Mark Starr was welcomed like a conquering hero when he showed up at the observatory; something that immensely pleased him. 
As Granger outlined the problem they were facing, Mark tried not to wiggle to get comfortable in the plastic chairs set out for visitors to Granger's inner sanctum. Mark took inventory of the office.
Typical, he thought. Everything here is Spartan, useful in its minimalness and he assumed, priced accordingly. The one luxury seemed to be the window-lined walls that gave a full view of the control room and the cavern below. As Granger ranted and raved about cheap governments and troglodyte administrators, Mark's thoughts wandered. The dullness of this office seemed to carry right on through to the world outside, the almost nightmarish landscape that surrounded this lab. He had read the literature about this abandoned mine site, but it still didn't fully prepare him for the barren landscape that marked the area around the lab aboveground. No early spring blooms dotted the landscape or interrupted the gray; the only contrast was the brown industrially stained earth and the black of leftover acid-bleached rock. What looked like inky pools were in reality oil soaked earth that couldn't sustain any life, not even a snake.
It's new millennium, he thought as he shook his head, and they still haven't learned anything.
Granger took the shake of Mark's head to mean disagreement.
“What do you mean by that?” Granger demanded.
“Nothing, just thinking,” Mark replied as he turned his gaze to Granger. “They won't give you new computers, so we fix the old ones. It's probably a programming error anyway.”
“The first thing I need to do is to take everything off-line and start going through the program code. I need everything shut down.”
Granger was about to say “impossible”, until he looked at Starr, and met his cool, clear, confident, gaze, noting that Starr’s body didn’t shift at all under the weight of Granger's stare. Granger knew the look and read the body language clearly. His demeanor was efficient, insistent and confident, and Granger understood that Starr couldn't be bullied into doing things anyway other than his own.
Granger slumped in his chair. “How much time do you need?”
“Possibly a week.” 
Granger nearly choked. “Okay, I'll clear the control room for tomorrow, but we need it ASAP.”
Mark smiled. If he had the control room to himself, he would be done and out well before the week was over.
“Okay, I'll be staying at the Stoneridge Inn. I've already booked room 22. Here's the card with the number,” Mark said as he handed Granger the card.
“It's probably the best one in town,” Granger said. “See you here tomorrow at 8 in the morning. You also need to see Jessie to get a pass to get in. It's an electronic swipe card, but you still have to sign in when you're here.”
When Mark picked up the pass from Jessie, he tried to arrange a date with her, but all he got for his smooth moves was a ride to the hotel.
Jessie was very quiet on the way to the hotel, and by the time she dropped Starr off, she was definitely not impressed with his cool superior attitude. As she waved good-bye to him, she laughed at the thought of Granger and Starr butting heads. Right now, she would put money down on Starr.
“Oh, if I just could have been there when Starr told Granger he had to shut down for a week,” she said out loud and then mused, “I wonder how many shades of red Granger turned?”
While Jessie was having fun speculating on the meeting, Mark signed in at the hotel, then unpacked his few belongings including his laptop computer.
“Business first,” he said, as he tapped out a brief message on the keyboard and sent it on its way.
He spent the rest of the evening hanging around the bar, listening to the locals talk about the good old days when men were miners and the pay was good. Mark scanned the crowd. The average age had to be mid-fifties, mostly male, mostly balding and pudgy. 
When he was satisfied there was nothing to be gained from this crowd Mark picked up a well-used copy of the local paper laying on a vacant table. The issue was over a week old and folded open to a story about the lab. As he read the story, Mark could barely suppress a chuckle or two. These people really didn't understand what they were getting into with this lab, he thought.
But the image of neutrinos as ghosts was intriguing, and it was also something he knew he could use in the future if the change in the programming didn't work.
At best, it must have upset a few religious stiff-necks in the community, he thought.
*****
Mark was up early and arrived at the lab by 7. He had hoped that Granger wouldn't be there then, but he was wrong.
“Everything's down,” Granger said, looking at Mark, expecting Starr to sit down and get busy.
“Okay, I'm just going to hook up my laptop, and I'll start going through the code line by line first.”
Granger hung over Starr's shoulder for the first two hours, but the page after page of printouts Mark generated eventually bored and confused Granger so much that he took refuge in his office.
Mark knew what the problem was, and had known before he arrived here. Any time the information being gathered didn't get to the computer database, it was a translation problem; one file couldn't read the other file. Sure enough, he had found it in the fifth page of code.
“Amateurs,” he said aloud.
Having solved the obvious problem, Mark moved on to his own agenda. Making sure some information from the sensors didn't reach the computers was a bit trickier to do. He couldn't stop the information from being sent; he just had to separate that information from the information he knew the scientists were expecting. He had to send it to a location in memory that couldn't be accessed or traced by the scientists or computer operators on site.
There were several computers on site that weren't being used by the lab for scientific purposes, but few had enough memory to store it, and there was always the chance that someone might use one of these spares. Hiding the data there was still too much of a risk.
It was when he was checking the electrical switching center for the complex that he found his preferred site.
When the complex had been built, the decision to generate and operate their own electricity was a safeguard against outages at critical times. Because the site was new, fibre-optic technology was used, and to cut down on costs, a centralized computer operation replaced many of the workers who might have worked in this control room. They used a separate dedicated mainframe to maintain the electricity throughout the lab and the spare memory capacity in it was more than Mark supposed he would ever need.
It only took him four days to fix the initial problem and put his program in place.
“And on the fifth day, God said let there be light,” Mark said with a flourish as he initialized the program to the applause of the people who worked here, people that he had begun to privately call lab-coats.
Granger gave the signal to switch on the tubes again. This time there was no hum and the computer screens started to scroll with the information from the cavern below.
The relief on Granger's face was mirrored by everyone in that room and no one noticed the smirk on Starr's face or the slight rumble at the base of the cavern.
“We start testing on Monday, “ Granger said, and he took Starr into his office for a private talk.
“I have to admit that you really know your stuff.” Granger said, with some chagrin. Are you sticking around for awhile?”
“I might as well stay until the tests are done, and the heavy water is in place, just to make sure it's working,” Mark replied. He had no intention of going anywhere until he was sure the right data was going to the right place, and he couldn't do that until the lab was actually up and running.
“Starting tomorrow, we are going to bring the tubes on line in a sequence, not all at once,” Granger said. He didn't voice his fear that the first test had caused damage to the relays from the tubes to the computers. Fixing that kind of problem would be expensive, he thought. But the time it would take to isolate and fix such a problem would be more expensive than all the grants he had ever been able to beg, borrow, or steal in his entire life. Granger was already feeling the belt-tightening, results-oriented attitudinal pressure from the government. They waged a delaying tactics war to put off spending any money, but now that it was spent, they wanted the bang for the buck.
“Given eternity, everything and anything is possible” was an argument he had heard time and again when proposing this facility to the powers that be. 
That's presupposing time is a factor governing possibilities, Granger thought to himself, and he felt like he was running out of both.
While Granger was carrying on his private debate, Jessie sat watching for any clue on Granger's face as to what he was thinking. It was as inscrutable as ever, and Starr had left the office, she wondered if she should complain to Granger about Starr's advances on his first day on the job.
Granger probably doesn't even know there is such a thing as sex, Jessie thought.
Starr and Granger, flip sides of the same coin, she thought. Both made her feel as though she were only a subset of the human race when compared to them. She sighed, no use complaining she decided as she went back to her desk in the control room.
The rest of the day the staff of the control room made routine checks and counter checks on equipment, going so far as to check plug-ins with meters to monitor the flow of electricity.
As they began to leave for the day, Starr moved behind Jessie's desk and tapped her on the shoulder, draping his other arm on the back of her chair.
Jessie leaned forward in her chair to avoid any contact with Starr. It was her passive way of telling him to take a hike, and, of course, it didn't work.
“How about a ride to the hotel?” Starr asked, flashing a smile in her direction.
Jessie flipped the pen she was holding down on the desk, and took a deep breath as it rolled to the edge.
“Actually, I think I'm going to recheck the memory card, so I'll be leaving later.   “Maybe Granger can give you a ride,” she suggested.
Jessie heard Paolo snicker softly, and out of the corner of her eye saw him hide his head behind a sheaf of papers he picked up off his desk.
There was, what seemed to Jessie to be, a long and awkward pause before Paolo spoke up.
“We were sent a budget for you,” Paolo said, “and it included renting a car. It's in the parking lot right now, and here's the keys.”
Paolo tossed them to the right of Jessie's desk and Starr had to move quickly away from Jessie, and her desk, to catch them.
Unperturbed, he left for the evening and as soon as he was out the door, Jessie gave a sigh of relief.
“I owe you big time, Paolo,” Jessie said with a laugh.
*****
The next day started what would be a long week of test and retest. The first section came on line with absolutely no problem, and the relief in the control room was almost a physical thing. They had divided the tubes into ten sections for testing. It wasn't until they hit the fifth one that the humming resumed. This time, because of its absence in the other trials, everyone noticed.
Granger had them shut it down right away and put the whole team on the search for the source of what he considered to be an anomaly.
It set them back a whole day, and at the end of that day they were no closer to finding the source of the hum. 
“Well, the data coming in is no different from the other sections. Maybe it's just something that will happen no matter what. Let's move on to the rest of the sections,” Granger said. “It looks like it's overtime people. Call for some food.”
More than a few grumbles could be heard, and they weren't from empty stomachs.
As Jessie stirred her coffee with the plastic stirrer, she tried not to think about the puzzle of the hum.
“I think all the sugar and milk are dissolved by now,” Starr said, moving carefully closer to Jessie like a tomcat in heat.
Jessie put the cup down on her desk, and, because she wanted to avoid even looking at him, she stared at the cup.  She added a sugar cube to her coffee and watched as the ripples from the cubes' plunge into the liquid spread outward from the middle of the coffee cup. As they reached the outside edge, they turned and started back towards the middle. She grabbed two more cubes from the bowl and dropped one in. As the waves from the first hit the edge of the cup, she dropped the second. When the outgoing waves hit the incoming ones, the even flow pattern of the waves was distorted and became almost patternless.
“That's it,” she said, and turned to her computer screen, scrolled through the menu until she found the plans for the complex and a map of the underground shafts. She opened up both these files and overlaid them on the screen. The resulting interwoven pattern made things abundantly clear.
“That's it,” she said again, looking up from her screen to see Granger looking over her shoulder at the display on the screen. Jessie was pleased with herself, and her detective work, until she looked at Granger. He was standing there, peering over her shoulder. The look on his face was just like that of a schoolteacher searching for mistakes in a pupil's work.
“Look, the complex is in the shaft in the very center of the mine,” she said and the lab-coats gathered behind her nodded their heads.
“These other shafts spread out from here,” Jessie explained, beginning to feel like she was teaching the teacher.
“The hum is just feedback from the other mine shafts. When the system is up and running, it creates a vibration that gets sent out along these shafts until it hits the bare rock at the end of the shafts. They start to travel back and that sets up interference with the new sound waves being sent out.” This explanation was more words than Jessie had ever used before in front of Granger, and she said them in a hurry so he couldn't interrupt her.
Granger nodded his head, and stroked his chin as Jessie explained her theory.
“That's probably why it took some time before we started getting the feedback,” Granger said, obviously relieved. The explanation made sense, and it also meant there weren't going to be any more delays in this part of the process.
Mark Starr had moved away from the crowd, and took a seat at a desk a few feet away. He listened quietly to what he believed was the answer to the hum. He looked at Granger to see if this new information would have any impact - it didn't. But Starr was troubled.
What would it do to the process, he wondered, and he made sure to include that question in the next report he sent back home.
By the end of this troublesome week, when all the tests were done, Granger was almost in a good mood. He actually cracked a few jokes with the crew at the end of their shift on Friday.
Throughout the week, as Granger had the tubes tested and retested to make sure there were no other problems, he was inadvertently creating a problem for the residents of the city, especially those living on the East Side, the side closest to Pitwell’s Place.

Chapter 5

The week they spent testing the tubes at the lab started out with a warm spring day - the first day of the elementary schools mid-year break, that one part of the spring season parents everywhere dreads. May Stanton was one of those parents. She lived in a townhouse development, i.e.the projects, on the East Side of the city. Even though the rent was cheap and the walls were thin, this development was better kept than a lot of others she had lived in.
May wasn't a single parent because of divorce. She was a single parent because of circumstance. Both she and her husband Dan had agreed when she got pregnant that being a mother was a full-time job, and her husband took a second job just to make ends meet. Those ends included a rent-geared-to-income housing unit; a 25-year-old car that had passed its prime three owners ago; a house full of second-hand furniture; and closets filled with frayed clothing. The jobs took up the vast majority of Dan's time and he and May only seemed to connect in the wee hours of the morning when his janitor's shift ended and his shift as a taxi driver began.
But May was one of those people who always believed that things would get better in the future. She was so mired in the effort of each day that she failed to notice how many days had passed into years. The future still remained a distant and somewhat comforting hope; a hope measured only by the possibilities for her children.
But this day broke with full sunshine and clear skies that promised to melt the rest of the snow on the ground, and May decided it would be a good day for her twins to have one last romp in the snow.
She went through the usual ritual of dressing two antsy five-year-olds for outdoor play, making sure that bathroom duty was done first. She went out with them, and took the shovel to clear the remaining ice on the sidewalk while keeping an eye on Wendy and Sarah.
As she was chopping away, intent on clearing the walk down to bare cement, she heard a loud scream and knew it was coming from Wendy. She turned and looked, expecting to see Sarah pulling Wendy's hair, or some other such childish prank that always caused howls and tears.
Wendy was standing in the middle of the yard. As she howled again, Wendy grabbed the earmuffs she was wearing and threw them to the ground. May reached her with two giant bounds through the snow.
“What's wrong, honey?” she asked as she nervously looked into Wendy's eyes.
“It hurt,” Wendy said.
“What hurt?” May was getting a little impatient because the tears in her daughter's eyes were already drying up.
“It's okay now,” Wendy said, and she gave her mother a hug.
May wondered if this was just another way of getting attention. She looked over at Sarah who stood there with an almost sardonic smile on her face.
“You okay?” May asked Sarah.
“Of course,” Sarah answered, “it's just little Miss Babypants again.”
May shook her head, thinking, for two people who, on the outside, appeared to be identical in every physical way, they sure were different on the inside.  She knew Wendy was a bit of a baby when it came to just about everything, and Sarah always seemed to have an almost adult protective edge about her that was way beyond the experience of a five-year-old. May sighed. She looked around the yard for anything that could have bit, stung, or caused the incident, but she couldn't find anything. She noticed that Wendy's crying had drawn the attention of the lady next door, so May went over to ask her if she had seen anything happen.
“No, I was just on my way out to dig up the ground in the front to get it ready for planting,” Mrs. Jones said, “but I had an awful turn. There was this buzz I heard just before she screamed. If I hadn't of gotten hold of the door knob, I think I would have fallen.”
Mrs. Jones pulled the shovel behind her, down the steps to the little patch of half-frozen stalks that were the remnants of last year's crop.
“Oh, what are you planting this year?” May asked.
“Well, first I have to clear out the mums, the anemones, and the stalks from the glads from last year,” her neighbour said.
“They sure were beautiful,” May said. “I wish I had a green thumb.” Mrs. Jones' front and backyard could have won even the most inept photographer first prize in a contest.
“Well I don't know for sure, but you know that senior's complex just down the street?” she asked.
May knew the place well. It was actually a co-op for senior citizens. They owned the condos as a group and they kept the place immaculate. Every year the gardens were something to see.
“Last year they planted some flowering cabbage plants and they were the most spectacular flowers I have ever seen. Why those blooms had to be almost two feet across,” Mrs. Jones was on a roll now. She liked nothing more than talking about gardens and May listened eagerly while Mrs. Jones cleaned out the old plants from her garden with all the efficiency of a bulldozer razing an abandoned building.
May grabbed the rake from beside the steps and started to pile the debris of last year's blooms in a pile, ready for the garbage bag Mrs. Jones was holding.
“Look, I'm going down to see Elsie to get some of the seeds she saved from last year. Why don't you come with me and bring the kids? Elsie would love it, and if you want to know about growing things where the sun don't shine and moss wouldn't even grow - Elsie knows. She had the best garden in that hell hole of a mining town she lived in.” 
May was thrilled at the invitation, but cautious. She loved her children dearly, but she didn't know if they could behave themselves long enough for her to take Mrs. Jones up on her offer. She looked at Wendy and Sarah, raising one eyebrow.
Sarah laughed, and nodded. Wendy grabbed May by the hand and started pulling her toward the sidewalk. All May could do was say “let's go.” She had always wanted to have a garden and now she just might have two resident experts help her with it. The only thing preventing May from having a garden was the cost. She was on such a tight budget that a few seed packets, some seedlings, fresh soil, and fertilizer were a wealthy woman's treat, and she had never asked for charity for anything.
When all five showed up on Elsie's doorstep she was delighted to see them. She put on the coffee and got out a plate of cookies for the kids. Her apartment hadn't been this full since the day she had moved here.
“Dora, I've got five varieties for you this year,” Elsie said to Mrs. Jones, “and there's more than enough for you, too, May.”
“These will grow anywhere,” she said, as she pushed one of the bags of seeds across the table to her.
Elsie had spread out a dozen plastic sandwich bags full of seeds on her kitchen table and they sat down and got to the business of green. Each bag was marked with the name of the flower and dated as to when the seeds within had been harvested. Elsie caught the look of amazement on May's face.
“I belong to a group that sends seeds around the world,” Elsie explained. “A lot of these varieties have almost died out, and they will send them to anyone who wants to grow them. All you have to do is harvest the seeds; keep some and give away the rest.”
“You should have seen the King SweetPeas I grew two years ago. Now they were really something and so easy to grow,” Elsie said as she reached for one of the bags, read the label, took some of those seeds, and put them in a bag for May.
“It never occurred to me that varieties that have been around for so long were almost gone,” May said, as she picked up the bags and read some of the nametags.
Elsie gave a little grunt of disgust, “Well, it's like everything else in this modern world; either the land is being used for everything but growing things, or the pollution is so bad that some plants just can't survive.” 
“You should know about that Elsie,” Dora said.
“And what's worse is that nobody wants to grow plants from seeds anymore. They just go to their neighbourhood nursery and buy bedding plants. The last letter I got from Seeding The World said that those peas I mentioned were almost wiped out because the nurseries couldn't sell them one year and stopped growing them for the next season.” Elsie punctuated this diatribe with a snort.
Dora chuckled. She had always pictured Elsie as a guerrilla gardener, someone who wouldn't take no as an answer - no matter how poor the soil or how polluted it was. She was a purist when it came to botany. Well, she had to be, Dora thought. Living in Pitwell's Place must have been a real challenge to someone who loved growing things.
“I'll write out the instructions for you, but not today. I didn't sleep well last night, I kept waking up with this buzzing in my ear.” Elsie said.
“Did you hear it this morning about nine?” Dora asked.
“Well, yes, I had to take my hearing aid out again, and last week, even Maxine heard it too.”
“The buzz,” Wendy said, and everyone at the table turned their attention to the children.
“The buzz?” May asked.
“Yea, that's what it was, but it hurt, you know, this morning outside,” Wendy said.
This bit of news troubled Elsie. She was fully prepared, and capable of dealing with the problems seniors encountered when they had to rely on devices like glasses and hearing aids to live their lives. But it couldn't be the fault of the aid if a young child was hearing it too.
Elsie's blue eyes narrowed, and she pursed her lips as she realized the importance of the fact that Wendy had heard it too. Something was going on, and for Elsie that simple realization started to get her mind in gear. Elsie loved problems. They were little mysteries that needed to be figured out and she had more than enough time on her hands to do just that.
She went to the door and saw Maxine and a few others at the mailboxes talking. She waved them to come over and within minutes her apartment was standing room only.
The consensus was that most of the seniors in the complex had heard the noise, too. It's description ranged from an annoying buzz to a throbbing hum.
But no one had any ideas about where it had come from. There were more than a few theories, none of which seemed applicable. The gang at Elsie's started to break up and go home for lunch.
May lingered at the door, hands full of bags of seeds. She didn't know how to thank Elsie for her generosity.
As she was about to thank Elsie for the umpteenth time, a loud bang drowned out her words. Seconds later the whole building shook violently once, then swayed several times.Elsie grabbed on to the doorjamb to steady herself and she felt a shockwave run through her.
“What on earth?” Dora said, her whole body shaking.
May grabbed Wendy and Sarah, covering them with her body.
As soon as the building settled, they all looked out the window to see a sunny clear blue sky that had taken no notice of the incident. Birds were still circling high in the sky and soft puffy clouds gently moved across the horizon.
“Felt something like a blast,” Elsie said.
“A blast of what?” Dora asked.
“Underground, you know, when they're digging new shafts,” Elsie said, and saw the blank look on May and Dora's face.
“You've never lived in a mining town, have you?” Elsie asked them.
They both shook their head. While they had both lived in this town for at least 10 years, it had been longer than that since the last blast of the dying mining industry had been heard or felt.
“In Pitwell's Place they had a siren. Before any blast the siren would sound and everybody would know what was coming,” Elsie said.
“But there's no mining going on now.” she continued “Besides, this didn't feel like the blasts I remember.”
“Course my memory could be the problem,” Elsie said, laughing at little at her age.
Elsie waved the last of her guests good-bye and made herself some lunch. As she did, she kept thinking about the blast, or whatever it was.
“That noise wasn't normal,” Elsie said aloud to no one. She knew what an underground blast felt like. She had felt more than a few in her lifetime and there was something different about this one.
You mean, besides the fact there aren't any operating mines within two hundred miles,” she asked herself.
Between the blast and the hum, Elsie had had enough of sitting and wondering. She did what she normally did when she wanted to find out about something, or just complain to the world in general. She called the local TV station.
It really wasn't Elsie's day. The only reporter available was Max Porter himself. Elsie knew him; well, not him exactly, his father. Mr. John (Stouty to the people who worked for him) Porter was the last general manager at the Pitwell mine before it had closed. He had been the son of the previous manager, and, on more than one occasion, Elsie had taken the broom to Stouty to get him out of her corn plants. He was born to manage that plant, and so was his son Maxwell, but the owners of the company had run out of ore and money before Max could get out of high school. 
Her conversation with Max was short and not so sweet. She couldn't stand the oily patronizing way he talked to her, reassuring her that no one else in the city had heard the boom or felt the shock wave.
Wonder what world he's living in, Elsie thought as she dialled the number for The Chronicle.
Elsie managed to get through to the city editor and told him her story, making sure he got all the details and her phone number.
“I'll have someone look into it,” Dave said politely, knowing full well that he wasn't going to give this one to a full-time reporter.
He dialled Terry's number.
“Terry, I just want you to check this out. This Elsie seems like a nice little old lady, but I can't guarantee you'll get a story out of this,” Dave said, hoping that Terry would agree to do the legwork, even if it meant no story and thus no pay.
Terry was always ready for intriguing quirky stories like this one, and she had the time.
She called Elsie and set up an appointment for an interview late that afternoon.
*****
When Terry rang Elsie's doorbell, she knew she would get a story out of this one. If nothing else, an in-depth look at senior citizen's co-op housing would make a great piece for the life section, and, besides that, the place was just too damn pretty.
The condos were a one story continuous building, built in the shape of a horseshoe. There were apartments along the outside and the inside of this horseshoe, with an interior hallway running the full length of the building. Each unit had French doors, and Elsie's was one of the ones on the inside of the horseshoe. The driveway made a circuit on the inside of the horseshoe, forming a loop around a centre area that was already being cultivated for spring planting. In the middle of this garden sat two small fountains. While they weren't burbling at the moment with water, Terry could picture this place in the full bloom of summer and made a date with herself to return here.
When Elsie showed Terry inside, she was even more impressed. The apartment was small but efficient, and Elsie's lifetime collection of pottery, glasses, china and vases made the apartment look busy, but colourful and interesting.
I'm sure there's a story behind each one of these objects, Terry thought to herself.
She got out her notebook and started to take down all the details of the incident.
“You say you've been hearing this hum or buzz for a week now?” Terry asked.
“It's not just me, but Maxine, Dora, and even little Wendy from up the street,” Elsie said somewhat defensively.
“Is there a specific time they happen?” Terry asked.
“No, it just seems to come and go, but I'll tell you something. That bang this morning, now that I think about it, wasn't the same thing as an underground blast.”
“Oh?” Terry said, encouraging Elsie to talk.
“Well, the noise was similar, but any time they blasted at home the building's shook but they didn't sway,” Elsie said.
“This was more like an earthquake.”
“Have you ever been in an earthquake?” Terry asked.
“Once. My son insisted that I take a vacation. I wanted to go to Scotland; he wanted to take me and his family to California. It happened the second day I was there, but it wasn't a big one.”
Terry checked her watch. If she were going to check this out with the mining company's office, she would have to boot it over there.
“Well, I'm going to go over to StoneMill and talk to them about this. Can I take your picture, in case the paper wants to run a story on this?” she asked Elsie.
Terry had her own reasons for wanting a picture. She couldn't believe that Elsie was 80. Her face had age wrinkles and Elsie didn't even try to dye the snowy white from her hair. As she gave Terry a tour of the facilities, Terry noticed the way Elsie walked with more energy than Terry was feeling at the moment; and, looking into those bright clear blue eyes, Terry had the feeling that she was talking to someone who might only be approaching retirement age. Elsie was a study in what age could be, not what age had done. She snapped a roll of film and was on her way.
She reached StoneMill five minutes before closing time, and bullied her way into Porter's office.
He just as quickly laughed her out of the office, and Terry was pissed off. Porter hadn't taken seriously anything she had had time to ask him. He just sat behind his big mahogany desk, leaning back in his chair with his oversized stomach bulging over, and in between, the edge of the armrests and the chair, puffing away on the stub of a foul smelling cigar.
There's more than one way to get at what I want, Terry thought. As soon as she got home, she called her new friend Jessie.
By this time the lab was closed, but Jessie had given Terry her home phone number.
At first, Jessie was pleased to hear from Terry, but when the conversation turned to the blast and the hum, even Terry could hear just how carefully Jessie was choosing her words.
“Who heard these noises?” Jessie asked. As Terry was listing the addresses, Jessie was forming a map in her mind with the lab at the very centre of this page.
“Can we go off the record?” Jessie asked, and Terry knew that it was either go off the record or get absolutely nothing.
“Okay,” she agreed.
“The tubes are all in place, and we've been having trial test runs to make sure everything's connected to the data banks so we can start collecting info as soon as the heavy water's been put in place. There is a hum when the tubes are turned on.”
“Ooh,” Terry said, “is that a problem?”
“No, we thought it might be at first, but it's simply a product of the underground shafts and stopes that the miners carved out. You know they run under half the town.”
Terry didn't know this, and was beginning to form a mental picture of her own.
“It's just the interference from the vibrations made by the photomultiplier tubes as the sound waves from those vibrations travel down these underground tunnels. When they start to wash back towards the lab, they meet new waves going out, and they produce a hum.”
“So, what you're saying is that besides being occasionally painful to some people, there's no other problem that you know about?”
“I can't see it causing any other problems. We are dealing with the Canadian Shield here. Geologically this area is probably one of the most stable places on this planet. My God, it's all rocks here,” Jessie laughed.
“So what about the noise and the shock wave?”
“Probably a sonic boom. Just how old did you say this Elsie was? Maybe she's not familiar with the sonic booms from an airplane.”
Terry didn't like that remark, but kept her mouth shut. She could understand Jessie stereotyping an older person, but it still didn't sit well with her.
She hung up the phone, knowing that she didn't have enough for a story yet and settled for a night of developing the film she had taken earlier.
Another Friday night with no date, except caustic chemicals and a cat with attitude, Terry thought as she stroked Munster.
*****
That same Friday night saw Mark Starr without a date; at least no human date. He waited until all the lab personnel had left for the day. Last to leave were the three from maintenance. Mark sat in his car, impatient to run a few tests of his own on the equipment in the lab.
After the last car had pulled out of the lot, Mark slipped silently out of his car. Instead of going to the front entrance, he walked around to the maintenance door, punched in a code, and the door opened for him.
If only they knew how easy it was to get around their security, Starr thought.
He bypassed the control room and went straight to the electrical room, plugged in his laptop, and got to work.
He ran a few tests of some of the tubes and confirmed that the hum only happened when at least half the tubes were up and running. He set his computer to run a program that would compute just how long it took for the feedback to make the loop that produced the hum and discovered there was a 30 second delay from the time the tubes came on-line to the generation of the sound.
He wasn't sure what it meant to the outcome of the experiment, but he knew it was something he could use in the event anyone noticed that not all the information from the tubes was getting to the computers in the control room.
Not that there was anyone in that group who would be able to figure that out, Starr thought.
After several hours of testing, he was satisfied that there was nothing more to be done and went back to the hotel, had some dinner and settled into a deep sleep.
*****
The city was never very busy at night, even on a Friday. Downtown merchants closed their shops by 9 and the buses stopped running by midnight. The only people left in the murky downtown core were those who had nowhere else to go, or had nowhere else they wanted to go.
Street people, even in this city of 100,000, wandered through quiet, dimly lit streets and back alleys, looking for food and refuge among the garbage bins that held that day's leftovers at the back of the stores and restaurants.
They sometimes gathered behind the police station because it was the only place a garbage can bonfire was allowed - thanks to the unwritten policy dictated by the Chief of Police. The police had found that by letting the homeless hang out near the cop shop, they could keep their eye on the truly down and out, the people who usually ended up as prey for the drug dealers and young punks that used these people as punching bags in a twisted rite of passage to adulthood.
At two that morning the ground throughout the city began to rumble, shaking buildings. A throbbing hum built to an ear-splitting boom that rocked every edifice in the city.
The eye-in-the-sky cameras over the downtown core shook so violently they came loose from their housing; bricks on the front of the cop shop came loose from their mortar and chips of stone facing rained down on the homeless. Panic-stricken, one of the homeless bumped the trashcan that contained their fire. It wobbled and then fell, spewing fiery ashes on their clothing. The wind roared through the parking lot, it spread the flames mixed with their screams throughout the corridors of downtown.
Police raced to their cruisers. Ambulance sirens began to wail their passage through streets littered with debris. Reports of power outages swamped the switchboard at the Utility office until the phone lines went dead. Those radio stations still up and running broadcast the emergency system message.
*****
Elsie was asleep, dreaming pleasantly about her garden in Pitwell's Place. As she was stooping down to pull off the dead leaves from her begonias, she stumbled, falling into her raspberry patch.
How stupid of me, she thought.
When she put her hand down on the ground to help herself stand, the ground rippled beneath her hand, shifting as though it were water instead of the loam she had spread. She tried again to get up, this time rising to her knees, when an unseen someone or something picked her up and hurled her through the air. The noise and the pressure brought Elsie fully awake. She found herself on the floor next to her bed, hand clutching the bottom of the bedpost so tightly she had trouble letting go.
“Good grief. What happened?” Elsie asked, her hand groping around in the darkness for her glasses.
A boom so loud, that to Elsie it sounded like God himself had spoken, drowned out anything else she might have said.
And then it stopped.
*****
Terry had been sleeping uneasily that night. Munster was going through a period of the night crazies that only unfulfilled house cats experience. He couldn't sit still for two minutes and was constantly bumping heads with Terry as she lay in bed.
“Go away, Mun,” she said, pushing him to the far side of the bed.
As she rolled over to bury her head under her pillow, the rumbling started, and her bed tipped just enough to slide her onto the floor with a rude bump.
Munster began to caterwaul as the room swayed in discordant rhythm to his howls, and Terry scrambled to get him.
The pictures on the wall were swaying to a tune Terry couldn't hear, building to a rhythm that couldn't be held by the nails in the wall. They crashed to the floor.
“It's an earthquake, Mun, shh, shh, we'll be okay,” she said as she made a dash for the bathroom door, cat in hand.
“We'll be safe here,” she said, stroking Mun's head a little too strongly for his liking. He wriggled in her arms, trying to get down but she held on tight until the final boom was over and the floor had stopped moving.
*****
Mark Starr slept through it all. 
 

Chapter 6

It was all over the news the next day. Virtually every reporter in the city was caught up in a full-blown heated race to get the latest detail or chase down that exclusive bit of information that no other reporter had; and, in typical fashion, they were tripping over each other. They tied up emergency phone lines trying to find out where the most damage was. They dogged the engineers brought in to assess damage, trying to dig up some sort of explanation for what was purported to be an earthquake measuring 4.3 on the Richter scale. For many, it was a once-in-a-lifetime event, although old-timers knew it had only been ninety years since Stoneridge had been rocked and rolled in such a manner. 
Photographers and cameramen were out in force downtown, getting pictures of buildings that had been moved inches off their footings, travelling streets that were only just now beginning to be passable after the work crews had been clearing for hours.
Terry was downtown too.  As usual, her interest was not in the buildings, but in the people that were being ferried to the hospital by overworked ambulances and their crews.
She followed one stretcher to the waiting ambulance. As she looked into the face of the woman lying on it, she couldn't make out any features except eyes that stared blankly back at her.
“Is she dead?” Terry asked the driver.
“No. She's in shock. But we gotta get her out of here,” he replied, grunting as he pushed the stretcher into the back of the ambulance.
As the ambulance drove away, Terry saw Max and his cameraman in their red and blue car, following it on its way to the hospital.
“Typical,” Terry thought, and, knowing the most she could do downtown was to get in the way, she decided to check out another side to this story, and headed out of town to the lab.
If nothing else, there had to be one genius out of that set at the lab that might offer an explanation. As she pulled into the parking lot at the observatory, the complex looked just as silent and sullen as it always did, unperturbed and undisturbed in its bedrock.
At first, two burly unscientific guys tried to bar her entrance to the complex.
“Sorry ma'am,” Bert said, and Terry cringed at the use of that word.
“You can't go in. They're assessing the damage from last night,” he said, crossing his arms on his chest, as though those were the final words on that subject.
“Look. Just call Jessie and tell her I'm here. I'm sure she'll talk to me,” Terry said, looking around to see if there was anyone else she could talk to.
Like a dirty piece of family laundry that is always brought up and aired after a few drinks at a family holiday dinner, Mark Starr strode up to the door that Bert was guarding against Terry.
“Problem?” Starr asked Bert, and then he turned to Terry and introduced himself.
When he found out that Terry was not just a reporter, but a freelance reporter, Starr smiled. This is someone I can use, he thought. She's probably always desperate for a story.
“I'll authorize her to come in,” Starr said. He slipped his card into the slot as he pushed Bert, a trifle ungently, aside.
On the way to the control room, Terry didn't see any damage, and she was looking hard for it. There were no cracks in the walls, no overturned furniture. The people she passed in the hallway went about their business methodically and silently. They seemed to be too busy checking for damage to give a second thought to a strange face in the complex.
The scene in the control room was a sharp contrast to the halls that led to it.
Every computer keyboard was clacking as technicians inputted data and demanded analysis. The few technicians not seated spoke in animated and frustrated tones.
Jessie was huddled over her computer. As Terry moved towards her desk, she could hear one lab-coat barking orders at anyone and everyone there.
He's obviously in charge, Terry thought wryly.
When Granger saw Terry, he pointed his finger at her and bellowed out, “Who the hell are you?”
The clacking keyboards stopped in unison. A nervous hush settled on the room's occupants.
“Into my office. Now!” Granger said with the emphasis definitely on now. Starr just grinned and Jessie fell in behind Terry as she was marshalled into Granger's office.
Granger paced the length of the room until Terry, Jessie, and Mark were seated. He slammed the door closed.
The control room went back to its feverish pace and keyboards began to clack.
“This is the reporter I was telling you about,” Jessie said. “I didn't even know she was on site today.” Jessie felt like she was on the verge of babbling, instead of trying to smooth Granger's obviously frayed nerves.
Granger sat behind his desk, his body framed by the light from the lamp at his back, tapping his fingers to what sounded like the disjointed beat of a heavy metal song, the rat-tat-tat getting louder the longer he did it.
The sound stopped abruptly and he slammed his hand flat on the desk with a thump, “So who do I fire for letting you in?” Granger demanded, glaring at Terry.
“Actually, that would be me.” Mark couldn't keep the smirk off his face. Jessie hid hers behind her clipboard. This should be good, she thought. Terry just held Granger's gaze, determined not to shrink under it.
“Figures,” Granger snorted. “The one person I can't fire.” Granger took a deep breath, part sigh, part grunt,  “Well, what do you want to know?”
Terry didn't dare breathe a sigh of relief. With as much composure as she could muster she asked in neutral tones, “Any damage from last night?”
“Not that we can find,” Granger snapped. “Next question.” 
“What caused it?” Terry asked turning to look at Jessie. “I thought this area was stable. After all it is mostly rock.”
“That's the million dollar question right now, isn't it?” Granger said sarcastically.
There was a tentative knock on Granger's door, and one of the young lab-coats opened the door cautiously.
He had a stack of computer printouts in his hands. He held them up as though they were a battle shield against the glare in Granger's eyes. He paused and then said, “We think we know what happened.”
He laid the printout of the mineshafts on Granger's desk. The edges of the paper draped over the side. On top of that, he stretched out a map of the city printed on a clear plastic sheet.
As everyone gathered around the desk, one image became crystal clear. There were mineshafts running underneath almost every section of town.
“What we think happened was a major rock burst at the end of the 4500 level. See, it runs from this central shaft we built the complex on, right on down to the core of the city,” he said, as his finger traced the telltale line on the map.
“What's a rockburst?” Terry asked, thinking that of all the kinds of things that can burst, rocks were the most unlikely candidates.
Granger glared at her, and Jessie gave Granger a warning look. It wouldn't do to antagonize Terry, Jessie thought. If she's played just right, she could be the best public relations tool they could have.
“A rockburst happens when the stress on the rock from having drilled a hole through it becomes so great that the rock surrounding the shaft slides or shifts and releases the pent up energy,” Jessie said.
“Huh?” Terry didn't want to sound stupid, but she knew a story when she saw one, and she needed to be able to understand this phenomenon.
“It's like the earthquake faults in the crust,” Granger started to say looking for an image that would make it clear.
“When this rock formation was created, there were layers of different types of rock. Miners go in and dig along holes or shafts in this rock where the nickel is, creating a space - the shaft - between the layers of rock. The deeper you go into the mine, the more pressure on the rock and the higher the temperature. In fact in deep mines the pressure and the temperatures are so great that the rock that defines the shafts will detach itself from the rest of the bedrock it is connected to, and then the shaft collapses.”
“So, are you saying that a shaft collapsed last night?” Terry asked.
“Possibly. This happens in older mines. Remember the collapse in Nova Scotia that killed all those miners?” Granger asked.
Terry nodded her head. She had been glued to the set watching and waiting for news of a rescue that never happened.
“Well, that was soft rock mining. The ground they were tunnelling into wasn't pure rock, and they should have known better than to try and mine that area,” Granger said.
“Here, all the mining is hard rock. This is the Canadian Shield. We don't have as many rockbursts here. But when they happen, they happen hard.”
“So what does this mean for the lab?” Terry asked.
“We don't know,” Granger solemnly replied.
Jessie had listened to this exchange and witnessed the expression on Granger's face and in his voice. This was something entirely new. He had always been in tight control of himself and his job. For him, such an admission must have been one of those few times when Granger's control meant nothing in the larger scheme of things. She could almost feel sorry for him.
“If the collapse did happen at the end of the 4500 level where we think it did, all the seismology equipment is saying so, then most of the damage would have occurred downtown, not here, “ Granger said as he traced the route of that level on the map overlay.
“It was bad downtown. I saw it for myself, but I didn't see anything outside around the lab,” Terry said.
“At least it didn't happen when they were delivering the heavy water,” Palo said.
“When is that coming?” Terry asked, trying to maintain a casual air to the question.
“This coming Friday,” Palo said. Granger couldn't get his mouth open fast enough to stop Palo from answering the question.
Terry smiled. A casual question can sometimes get through a public relation expert's defences faster than a microwave could melt butter. She checked her watch and knew that if she had a shot at getting this story in under the deadline she had to go now.
Jessie saw her checking her watch, and wanted to speak to her privately.
They left Granger's office together, and as they made their way to the exit Jessie made a plea to Terry to keep the lab out of the story.
“Look, we've had some problems after your story about the ghosts in God's universe, really just a few letters and phone calls,” she reassured Terry, “but if you link this rockburst to the lab...well...you could get the nutbars out there going,” Jessie said.
That was an admission of sorts, Terry thought. Were they afraid that people might suppose the lab had caused the rockburst? Terry wondered.
“What do you mean?” Terry asked.
“Well, we're located here at the centre of the shafts, and some people might try to blame us for what happened,” Jessie said, wary now of the questions to come.
“You know how people can be. What they don't understand, they fear,” she said.
Jessie knew she was only digging the hole she was in, deeper.
“Look, if you do me this favour, I'll talk to Granger and get you a front row seat for when the D2O gets here, and when we do the first trial run. We'll be doing that the night before we have the official test in front of this city's bigwigs.”
Ooh, Terry thought, that would be good. Besides, she reasoned, at the moment she didn't have any proof that the lab had caused the rockburst; in fact, she had only come out here to find out if the lab had suffered any damage.
It was a trade-off she could live with for the moment, and besides, she could get a human-interest story out of Elsie. It would be unique because Elsie was a living history book of blasts, rockbursts, and mining towns.
After Jessie escorted Terry to the exit, she made her way back to Granger's office. Everyone else had gone back to their stations. Granger and Starr were lonely figures, still shadowed by the lamplight, standing in silent contemplation of the maps.
“I need to talk to you alone, Dr. Granger,” Jessie said firmly, looking directly at Starr with a challenge in her eyes. Starr left, and Jessie hesitantly explained to Granger the deal she had made with Terry.
Surprisingly, Granger didn't voice the slightest of objections. He merely grunted his okay slumping into his chair.
“Is there a connection to the hum?” Jessie asked.
“Between you, me, and this office, I think there is, but I don't think it's critical to the operation here. These rockbursts are going to happen in older mines. Starr is going to set up some more seismology equipment, equipment that is going to tell us a lot more about the shafts than the gear we've been working with. If anything, it might mean we have to reinforce the shaft around the lab itself, and set up some buffer equipment.”
“So, are we still going to take delivery on Friday?” she asked.
“We have to. There's no ifs, ands, or buts about that,” Granger said, “but the tube tests have shown they are working, the system is running properly, and we are getting data. I think that once the water is in place, it will act as a buffer in its own right. So no more tests until it's delivered.”
While the staff in the control room were beginning to get a grasp of the big picture, the maintenance crew at the lab were still searching for the little pictures and clues as to the effects of the rockburst.
“I didn't feel a thing last night,” Harvey said, as he checked another tube, making sure it was still snugly in its place.
“Neither did I,” Bert and Barb answered at the same time.
Harvey suppressed a smile. Bet ya did, but it was no rockburst, Harvey thought.
Bert and Barb couldn't completely suppress their smiles.
They had virtually moved in together. Bert had shaving stuff at Barb's and Barb had, well, those things that were necessary for a woman on a monthly basis, stashed at Bert's. The relationship had become quite comfortable, and the outside world was the last thing on their minds last night.
Behind Harvey's back, Barb poked Bert in the ribs. Bert was about to smack her lightly on the rear, when Harvey turned around.
“Don't mean to interrupt you two, but the tubes have all been checked, they're all in place,” Harvey said. “What's next boss?”
“Into the vac,” Barb said, as both men groaned.
“Don't worry, it won't be turned on,” Barb blushed slightly as she said this, realizing that those particular words were loaded with another meaning, at least in her mind, and in this situation.
She immediately turned her back to Harvey and strode over to the door at the base of the dome. She grabbed the knob, twisting it in a hurry. She pulled on the door, but it wouldn't open. She tried again. This time, as she put more force into the pull, she could feel the door give slightly.
“Want a man to do that?” Harvey said, and shut up as soon as he saw the look on Barb's face and the scowl Bert was sending in Harvey's direction.
Barb pulled once more and the door gave, creaking as it opened.
“Better check this out, the door is just slightly off,” Bert said, and Harvey reached into the toolbox to get a measuring plumb.
“You're right, it's off by one degree,” Harvey said. “This could be a big problem.”
“Either that or we just have to tighten a few screws,” Barb said.
“Yeah. Gotta watch those loose screws,” Bert said with a chortle.
“Seriously,” Barb said as she swatted Bert on the shoulder, “this could be important to the lab-coats upstairs. I better call them.”
She reached for the phone behind the door, and within minutes, two technicians were down in the pit with them.
Their tools were a lot more sophisticated than the ones Harvey had accumulated over the years, but they measured to the same accuracy Harvey's determination of one degree difference between the door and the jam. They checked the screws and the plates, but these too were as solid as the tubes Harvey and Bert had checked earlier.
“It has to be a more fundamental shift than just the door, or the wall,” one of the techies said to the other, oblivious of the presence of the maintenance crew.
Harvey had done his own inspection of the base of the door and the wall to which it was attached. In his opinion, the rock that the doors and walls were attached to had shifted. He could clearly see a small pile of rock dust at the base of the wall two feet from the door. In this facility dust was not a casual thing, and its presence had spoken volumes on every other occasion. But not today.
After having confirmed the degree of difference, the techies went back upstairs to input their data into the computer and see what opinion it offered.
*****
As Terry drove back into the city, she could no longer see just the roads, the trees, and the houses and the people walking and living among them. The overlay image of the map of the town and the mineshafts had quite an impact on her. She had never fully realized just how much the two were intertwined. Everybody knew the importance of the industry, hell this town wouldn't be here without it, but she doubted that anyone knew just how hollow the foundation of this city was. The holes the miners had dug to get at the ore spread out underneath the city like a disorganized spider web, abruptly stopping when the ore did. It was a lacy web covered only by a thin sheet of rock veneer that looked so much stronger than it really was.
In Terry's mind she could picture the two sides of this city's coin when the mines had been in operation.  Above ground, people lived in light and shadow. While children were playing in the schoolyards, below them in absolute darkness broken only by the artificial light they brought with them, the miners were scraping away the bottom of the bedrock the children played on.
Did they know, she wondered, and if they did, what would, or could they have done about it?
She pulled into the parking lot of the senior’s co-op with a whole new list of questions she wanted to ask Elsie.
When Terry knocked on Elsie's door, she didn't answer right away. Terry could hear the TV set through the door and she could even hear Max's voice pontificating about the rockburst.
When Elsie opened the door, the first thing Terry saw was the bandage on Elsie's wrist.
“Rough night?” Terry asked with a smile.
Elsie was in no mood for jokes, no matter how gentle.
“Young lady,” Elsie said with a stern look in her eyes, “last night was a warning.”
Terry was taken aback by the force in Elsie's voice and the fierceness in her eyes. A hawk's eye honing in on prey couldn't have been more directed or concentrated.
“Did you get hurt?” Terry asked, pointing towards Elsie's bandaged wrist.
“That,” Elsie said, rubbing her wrist gently, “that was nothing, compared to what's coming,” Elsie's words were clear and crisp. She turned her back on Terry and went into the living room, plunking herself down on the sofa in front of the TV. Terry followed, and caught the backend of Max's piece on the rockburst.
“While a cause hasn't been established yet, there are those who are warning today that these rockbursts are going to happen more and more in this area,” he said. He had chosen to use as his backdrop for this piece the headframe at Pitwell's Place. In an obscure and hard to see corner of the screen, the dome from the lab was visible.
The scene on the TV changed to an office, with a resident expert sitting at a desk.
“This site is old, and it was extensively mined. When these mines were decommissioned, we didn't have the laws in place that we do today. Newer mines have to have these shafts filled to maintain stability in the area around the mine.”
“I could have told them that,” Elsie muttered. She snapped the TV off with a punch of the remote.
“That was not a simple rockburst or a blast,” Elsie said. She turned her attention to Terry who was sitting across the room from Elsie in a big rocking chair stuffed to the brim with hand-crocheted pillows and a comforter that must have taken Elsie months to sew and quilt.
“How do you know that?” Terry asked.
“Because these old bones have been shaken and rattled by such things more times than I can remember,” Elsie declared.
“This one had a rhythm to it. It made everything sway. But of course, no one wants to listen to me. I'm just an old coot with too much time on my hands and not enough grey cells to remember what I did yesterday,” she said.
“I don't think of you that way,” Terry said, “You said it swayed - that's the way it felt to me, too, but I wouldn't know the difference between a blast and a rockburst.”
“There's something going on, between the hum and this, whatever it was I haven't been able to get any sleep at all,” Elsie said.
“You mentioned that hum before. Did you hear it again at around the same time as the blast?” Terry asked.
“No. For a change I was asleep,” Elsie said.
“You know, I called that snipper Max Porter about the hum. He just laughed at me,” Elsie said. “Who does he think he is?” Elsie raised a clenched fist, forefinger pointing at the ceiling. “I knew his father when he was just a snotty, fat little kid, and not a very likeable one at that.”
Like father like son, Terry thought, except Max had been able to keep the fat at bay. Working in television will do that to you, she thought.
“Yea, I just came from the lab and you know, there doesn't seem to be any damage out there. They're saying the burst occurred at the end of the 4500 level,” Terry said.
“That's what they always said,” Elsie replied, “there never was any damage anywhere.” She got up and walked over to her china cabinet.
“I want to show you something,” she said as she opened the doors and deftly reached around the cluttered collection of cups, glasses, and knick-knacks that Terry knew had taken a lifetime to collect. Elsie pulled out a chipped cup and saucer and put it gently on the coffee table.
“That's the last one of the set,” Elsie said. “We bought that when we got married. I thought it was too expensive, but my George, wouldn't have anything but the best. He was making good money going underground, and he always said that because he worked so hard to earn it, he was going to spend it on things that lasted.”
“You get what you pay for, he always said.”
“By the time they had dug down to the 4000 level, there were mine shafts all over the place, and they had to start blasting to create more, to get deeper. They just kept following the ore line wherever it went. They blasted to get it out.” Elsie's voice trailed off to almost a whisper, and her eyes focused on something Terry couldn't see. Elsie looked like she was a million miles away, in another time and place.
“After several years of their doing that, there was a whole network of tunnels underground, and the shock waves would just ripple through them.”
“Houses would shake and china would break,” Elsie said this as though it were a child's nursery rhyme. She picked the cup up and put it back in its place.
“They all broke except this one,” she said with a sigh so deep it must have come from her soul.
Terry didn't quite know what to say at this point, so she kept silent, leaving the quiet for Elsie to break. 
“Anyway, there's something going on at Pitwell's Place, and it isn't something good,” Elsie said.
“You mean the Neutrino Observatory?” Terry asked.
“I don't know, but anything that disturbs that ground is going to have consequences,” Elsie said defensively.
Terry gave Elsie a quick and dirty explanation of the experiment, and a simple rundown of the equipment they would be using.
“You mean they're bringing in the same kind of water they use in nuclear generating plants?” Elsie asked.
“Yes, but the water isn't radioactive or anything,” Terry said.
“When is this happening?” Elsie asked. 
“In the next week, as I understand it,” Terry answered.
Elsie got really quiet. Images from TV specials about nuclear war filled her mind. She did a video replay in her mind of buildings being blown apart like they were made of popsicle sticks, destroyed by winds that scoured the earth down to the bedrock.  She shuddered at the recalled image of the mushroom cloud that had first fascinated her generation with its power and war-ending ability. It was an image that would be forever twinned with the pictures of the survivors of the bombs, forever scarring a place in her mind with the burned bodies of those who had died.
Shadows of once-living beings had been burned into walls that only half stood after the bomb had been let loose, and the photographs of these shadows were like an image in a mirror, lifelike but not alive.
She visibly shook as these half-buried memories raced through her mind.
“It's okay,” Terry said, “this is not like the atom bomb or anything like that.”
“How do you know that?” Elsie asked, the sorrowful wisdom of age showing in her eyes.
The question unnerved Terry, and on the drive home from Elsie's place her mind was only half on the road.
There was a resonance to this question. It kept bouncing around in her head, looking for a place to settle and be answered.
Don't be silly, she thought, we know so much more about science and technology today than they did back then. Besides, we have learned from the past, she reassured herself. The government, any government, wouldn't get away with that attitude today, she argued to herself.
When she arrived home, the familiarity of her surroundings and the gentle purring insistence of Mun wanting to be fed did nothing to ease her restless mind. Elsie had started something and Terry meant to finish it. She picked up the phone and called Jessie.
“I'm really busy, Terry, can we talk later?” Jessie asked.
“I just have a few questions for you. Some of the people I have been talking to have been hearing a loud throbbing hum. Is it connected to the lab?”
“Um, sort of,” Jessie said.
“What's it from?” Terry asked.
“Okay,” Jessie sighed, “When we were testing the tubes, the vibrations set up a sound wave throughout the mine shafts, and when the wave hit the end of the tunnels and doubled back on itself, it created a hum.”
“What? Does this mean there's a problem?”
“No, no, definitely no,” Jessie said. “It's just a natural occurrence given where the lab is situated.”
“Did that cause the rockburst?”
“We don't think so. Remember this mine is old, and Granger said it happens a lot in older mines,” Jessie said, expecting that Terry would not feel up to arguing with Granger about this.
“Besides,” Jessie said, “when the heavy water is delivered, it will act as a buffer for the waves, so the hum should just about disappear. And we are installing equipment to monitor those shafts.”
“We're doing everything in our power to be responsible about this experiment,” Jessie said defensively.
“I have to tell you, the more I know about this lab, the more questions I'm getting.”
“Tell you what,” Jessie said, “the D2O is coming in this Friday. Why don't you be at the lab at nine? You can take pictures as they load it into the dome and talk to Granger at the same time?” Jessie knew the value of holding out a carrot to a reporter.
Terry knew the value of getting the whole story, so she agreed to wait until then.


Chapter 7

Elsie didn't wait for Friday - she didn't even know Friday would be a significant day. After Terry left, Elsie sat alone in her apartment, thinking about things past and things present, and the more she thought, the more she felt the need to take some type of action.
In her mind she had already made a suspicious connection between the hum and the lab. For her, the rockburst was the tie that bound theory into fact. But who was going to listen to her? She wondered.
She picked up the phone and did what she always did when life's questions seemed beyond her life's answers. She called her pastor. She was one of the few in the church that was as old as he was, and Elsie's husband George had been one of the Deacons in the church. Pastor Chesholm was always available to take Elsie's call. As usual, when Elsie found a willing listener, she told the story fully complete, and always at great length.
Pastor Chesholm listened patiently until he knew Elsie had to stop and take a deep breath, giving him the opportunity to take control of the conversation. His had been one of the letters to the editors that complained about the image of God's ghosts. That story had not sat well with him.
It wasn't easy being a God-fearing church-going Christian in this day and age, and he believed that, partly because of his age and experience, he was probably more of a God-fearing church-going Christian than many of those who still warmed the pews on Sunday. 
His fire and brimstone sermons were falling on fewer and fewer ears over the years, and for him, the farther people strayed from the right path as he defined it, the closer Armageddon came.
People can't see Armageddon or even picture it, he thought. That's the problem. They think it's just another parable meant to warn, like a mother telling a child that if they're not good the boogey man will get them.
Ever since he had become pastor, he had tried just about everything to get the message out. Over the years the church had built summer bible camps and sponsored children who couldn't afford camp to two weeks of bonfires, boating, and preaching. Every Christmas they had a food drive to help feed the hungry. They sponsored missionaries throughout the world and took their message to the downtown streets one Sunday each month, but the message had never translated into crowded pews. And he knew his church was not alone.
It was easy enough to get children into the church, but a far more difficult thing to get them to stay as they got older and went away to school. Schools that filled their heads with facts and figures, but which ignored faith altogether, that was the problem according to the pastor.
Elsie was from the old school, like he was, so it was fertile ground that Elsie's suspicions landed on.
“And they're just going to go ahead with it,” Elsie said. “That water stuff is coming in this Friday.”
This piece of news was the final link in a puzzle that Chesholm had been working on his entire life, and a clear course of action opened up to him.
He chuckled.
“Elsie, got your prayer circle phone numbers handy?” he asked.
“Of course,” she said. It was always right beside the phone.
“We're going to have a little demonstration outside that lab this Friday while they're bringing in the heavy water. Call everybody, and let them know. We'll set up car pools. I'll call some of the other churches and see if they want to come in.”
Elsie laughed. This was exactly what she needed - doing something instead of just sitting and thinking.
“Don't miss the news tonight either. I'm going to call a press conference,” he said.
For the next two hours, Elsie was happily occupied calling everyone in her circle, marshalling the troops.
*****
When Terry sat down for supper that night, she followed the same routine she had been following for years. She made dinner, fed Mun, and took her plate of food into the living room to watch the evening news. She hardly ever missed a broadcast. News was her business, after all, and she always kept up on the competition, even the second hand watered down dreck that was served up by the local nightly news crew.
She put her plate down on the table. Mun hopped up on the couch beside her, front paws draped over the edge of it, staring at Terry's plate. Every time Terry lifted the fork to her mouth, Mun's watchful eyes followed the fork with the food.
Terry was anxious to see how they handled the rockburst story. It had to be the lead tonight, and as the cacophonic intro to the six o'clock news died, sure enough the first scene wasn't that of the anchors, but film footage of downtown Stoneridge after it had been rocked not so gently in the middle of the night.
An overvoice gave facts and figures about the damage, concluding with the fact that nobody had died or been seriously injured.
Not true, Terry thought, that woman in the ambulance was seriously injured.
The mayor, the deputy mayor, and almost every other local official was interviewed. Each one, to a tee, congratulated their city's ability to survive what mother nature could throw at it, ultimately giving themselves a pat on the back for being so farsighted as to have an emergency plan that worked.
After the important people of the town had spoken, the broadcast got down to what people really wanted to know - what the hell had happened.
“Rockbursts are a common occurrence in older hard rock mines, and in almost every soft rock mine. Here in the Canadian Shield we have hard rock mining, and because these mines have been out of commission for some time, these rockbursts are to be expected,” said one of the geologists from the mining company. Terry didn't get his name. The scene on the TV changed to a long shot of Pitwell's Place as the geologist spoke, and the dome from the lab was visible.
Ooh, someone's not going to like that connection, Terry thought.
But it was the next segment in the news that was sure to stir up a community that had long been hunkered comfortably down in its apathy. 
“Several residents did experience some minor injuries, while others have a greater cause for concern,” Max was saying with a small smile on his face, as he turned to the person he was interviewing.
“Pastor Chesholm, you think that this is just the beginning of this problem,” Max said.
As the cameraman zoomed in with his lens, Chesholm's face grew to almost fill the screen. He took to this centre stage as though he were a drowning man coming up for air.
“This rockburst was just the beginning,” Chesholm's eyes narrowed as he looked straight into the lens, picturing the large unseen audience he believed was out there, waiting for his sermon.
“It's a sign from God that things aren't right here. We have to make them right, or the Big Guy upstairs is gonna do some more talking. When he talks, the world shakes.”
“So you believe that God did this,” Max asked him.
“BeLIEVE?” Chesholm responded, with an incredulous tone in his voice. “Listen son…”
Terry chortled when she heard the pastor calling Max son, and almost snorted out a nose full of milk. Oblivious of the running commentary from the audience, Chesholm continued with his sermon.
“Look at what is happening in this city. Men don't have jobs to look after their wives and their children. We're getting more and more single mothers on welfare, teenagers becoming parents, drugs in the street, and you can't expect the government to help. Why, they're one of the biggest contributors to what's wrong here. Instead of creating some jobs, what do they do, they put money into that Neutrino Observatory and to do what? To find what?”
Before Max could even get one word out, and Terry knew he was pretty quick on that kind of a draw, Chesholm answered his own questions.
“They think they're going to make some huge scientific discovery, but will it benefit the guy on the corner looking for work? No! They don't even know what will happen if and when they find these things. It's just like the A-bomb. They didn't know what they were doing or what they were going to get and,” he leaned towards the camera, “we all know the kind of monster they unleashed with that. Besides, how do we know that what they're doing at the lab out at Pitwell's Place didn't cause this?”
“I'm asking for everybody in this city who cares about doing the right thing to come out for the demonstration we' have planned for when the heavy water is delivered this Friday.” Chesholm said, and before Max could cut the camera feed, Chesholm hurriedly recited a phone number for people to call.
“Uhoh,” Terry said to Mun, “gonna be a lively time at the lab on Friday.”
When she gave it thought, the pastor's question about cause and effect was a good one, just one more lead to follow up on when she talked to Jessie.
*****
While the pastor's question intrigued Terry, it angered Dr. Granger, and to a degree caused him concern. A concern he made sure the rest of the staff at the lab took seriously and personally. He stalked around the control room, pausing to look over the shoulders of the technicians at their desks as they huddled over computers that ran programs, gathered data, and produced pie-chart predictions. He finally retreated to his office, muttering in obvious frustration. Everyone in the control room knew better than to catch Granger's eye.
Palo jumped when Granger poked his head out of his office door and called both him and Jessie into the office.
“I want this situation under control,” Granger said. “Even if we could, I wouldn't put the breaks on this experiment now.”
Palo was about to give Granger a quick lesson in the how-to of public relations, when Jessie jumped in with a suggestion.
“Why don't we give a small group of them the tour?” Jessie asked, “and Terry will be here when they're here too.”
“And that will accomplish what?” Granger asked with a sneer in his voice.
“We bring them in, explain what we are doing, and get a story about it in the paper at the same time.” Jessie was more than a little pleased at this suggestion. She had always held the belief that people were afraid of what they didn't understand.
“If we simply let the press show pictures of the picketers, then it gives credence to the troglodytes at the head of that parade,” Palo said, “and then they start putting words in our mouth and in the minds of the public in general.”
Granger chewed this over for a moment, and Jessie felt the need to fill the silence.
“Knowledge is power,” she said, and both Granger and Palo groaned at the use of this quote. It was probably the most overworked modern phrase in the English language. It had started out as a sincere statement by educated people trying to sell the benefits of an informed populace but had degenerated into a jingle to sell soap.
“Well it's still true,” Jessie said, with a sheepish shrug of her shoulders.
“Okay, okay, here's what we are going to do,” Palo said, for once having been given the opportunity to manage a public relations moment.
“Let them come. We make sure the trucks and the water get through. Let them demonstrate and give speeches while the tanks are being emptied into the dome. During this time we'll watch to see who the leaders in the group are, call them in, and pick a few people at random from the group to come in with them.”
“Terry will be here?” Palo asked Jessie. She nodded.
“Good, it's easier to control the pictures with the print press than it is with TV. Terry's the only reporter we're letting in,” Palo decided.
Granger's silence during this discussion was uncharacteristically democratic, and characteristically he broke it with an ultimatum.
“It had better work,” he said, with a wave of his hand, dismissing both Palo and Jessie to carry out his orders. After they left his office, Granger slumped down into his chair. He was so close, he thought to himself, so close to the actual test. It couldn't be stopped now. He wouldn't allow it, he vowed.
In truth, Granger had nowhere to go but forward with this project. He had laid his scientific reputation on the line and no matter what the future held, this experiment was going to happen. He had spent ten years researching the known data, crosschecking and referencing the results from experiments by other physicists around the world. He was convinced that the end result would be exactly what he theorized it would be. He had faith in his physics and the hypothetical path the research had predetermined.
“This knowledge really will be power,” Granger vowed, insulted that his science was being compared to the unbridled rush to produce an atomic bomb. This was different. There was no worldwide war going on. The walls dividing east and west had come down. There was just no need to do anything with this experiment except learn for learning's sake.
The lessons of Los Alamos and nuclear testing had not been lost on Granger's generation of scientists. He was secure in his ability to learn from history. He was sound in his scientific logic, sure of his ability to discover another piece of the puzzle called the universe, and safe in his faith in the process of discovery he had designed. He knew he had made deals with different devils to get the funding for the project, but Granger took refuge in the logic of his thinking.
*****
The rain continued for the entire week. Clouds hung over the city, casting grey shadows that drained everything, even the nooks and crannies, of colour and life. In between the waves of spring rain, a cool mist hung in the air, coating everything during the day and freezing at night into a fine sheeting of glossy clear ice that sparkled dimly under the light from street lamps, misting into a diffuse glow in the dampness. Thirty foot high black rock walls lined city streets that had been built through the rock, not over it, were coated and dyed to a cloudy grey from a mantle of ice that showed every wrinkle in the rock face and emphasized every crack in their solid facade. They looked like fragile crystals turned inside out, although few residents took notice of their eerie beauty. The whole city seemed to slow, as if time itself was a drudgery, like work, to be endured until something better came along.
Friday morning broke with the sun shining weakly through the built up haze. When it burned off the lingering fog and the clouds lifted, bright sunlight streamed in and the dampness retreated to puddles in the ditches and corners of a water-weary town.
Like animals that had taken refuge from a storm in the depths of a forest, the city began to come to life, ready to face the daily challenges once more.
Those who had come to work at the lab arrived before daylight, knowing full well that today was going to be one of those defining days in the life of this facility.
Bert was somewhat more practical in his reasoning. He had come early so he could park his car at the back of the lab, a site usually reserved for the brass. But today, even Granger passed no comment and actually greeted Bert. Barb and Harvey when they met in the parking lot. His hello was curt, to the point, and invited no reply.
Inside the lab, technicians were at their consoles, maintenance carried out their duties, and Jessie and Palo were almost at the end of that well-known last nerve. They had drawn up schedules and itineraries for some of the guests from the crowd, laid in some refreshments, and done more than a little arguing about how much Granger should and shouldn't say.
That last nerve was the one Granger stepped on when he said he would not, under any circumstances, answer any questions from the visitors.
“But you have to,” Jessie said, “there are going to be some agitators out there who will only speak to the boss, you know that.”
“I could spend the rest of my life explaining what we are doing here to those people, and they will never understand it, because they don't want to understand it,” Granger said.
He glanced out the window at the growing crowd, pointed to one elderly person and said, “See that one there? I bet that person doesn't even know anything about atoms, or molecules, or physics at all. I am not a kindergarten teacher! Hell, we probably don't even speak the same language.”
“No,” said Jessie carefully, “but kindergarten students aren't likely to ask questions that demand complicated answers. There are different levels of knowledge and,” she paused to take a look at Granger's face, “what will please them as answers are probably things you've forgotten from your high school physic's class.”
At this point Palo got up enough nerve to shove the fact sheet he had spent the whole night working on under Granger's nose.
“This is a brief outline of what we are doing and what we are hoping to find,” Palo said.
“And here,” he emphasized as he handed Granger a second stack of sheets, “is a comparison between the experiments that lead to the atomic bomb and what we've done to prepare for this experiment. I've made copies of these as hand outs for anyone who wants one.”
Granger took a few minutes to scan these sheets, and everyone in the room breathed a little sigh of relief when they saw his shoulders relax against the back of his chair and he allowed himself a small, tight smile.
By mid-morning, the parking lot at the lab was full to overflowing and the crowd was a mixed bag of purposes, ideologies, and agendas. Terry had to park her car a quarter mile down the road that led to the lab and didn't particularly like the walk, even though she knew the fresh air was good for her. She had just begun to appreciate the exercise when Max tapped her on the shoulder and told her to make way for a real newsman.
Terry would have given anything at that moment for the proverbial banana peel that invariably showed up in cartoon shows, tripping the bad guy, and sending him into a pile of mud at the side of the road.
If only my imagination were a little more powerful, Terry thought, you'd be enjoying a mud bath right now Max.
She let him get ahead of her and watched which part of the crowd he decided to work, and as usual he went right to the person who seemed to be in charge of the crowd.
She zigzagged through it, trying to make eye contact with someone, looking for that individual who just might be a talker, and it didn't take long.
“So why are you here?” she asked a young man, dressed in a suit and tie and carrying a bible. He looks as clean-cut as they come, she thought, and wondered if that was due to religion, good nutrition, or just good genes.
“I have grave concerns about this facility,” he responded. “I went to university and took science courses, so I know something about what they're trying to do here, and that's all those scientists in there know, is something. I saw one being interviewed on TV saying that he didn't know what was going to happen when they turn this thing on, and if he doesn't know, then he's asking all of us to be his guinea pigs.”
“What do you mean by that?” Terry asked.
“Look what they did to those people, the army men when they were doing those nuclear tests. They had them sit outside and watch, and now they're wondering why these men died of cancer?”
“Those scientists at Los Alamos didn't know what they were getting. They knew something would happen but they weren't prepared for what they found out.”
“Isn't that typical when scientists try to learn more about the world? Remember they didn't know what they were going to get when they discovered penicillin did they?” she asked.
He held up his bible, patted it, and said, “Here is all we need to know, everything we need is right here if we just believe and do what this good book says to do.”
“And what is that?” Terry asked.
“Believe,” he said with conviction.
Terry shook her head and turned to move on to the next person when she caught sight of a young lady in blue jeans. Here's someone with her head in the 20th century, she thought.
“Why are you here?” Terry asked her.
“The military industrial complex,” the girl replied as if that said it all.
“Excuse me?” Terry thought she hadn't heard her properly.
“The MIC, you know, the war machine carrying out their experiments to build better weapons. That's what this is ya know, they haven't told the people what they're really doing here, don’t you see? Oh,” she said, nodding her head slowly, knowingly, “they say they're looking for neutrinos, as if they exist, yea right.”
“What do you think they are really doing in there then?” Terry asked.
“Convergence,” she replied.
“Between what?”
“Man and machine. Lady, don't you read the newspapers? Just last week there was a report on the net about some scientists in the mid-east who combined human DNA and an electronic circuit. The DNA actually ran the circuit.”
Terry nearly choked at this.
“Who filed the report?” Terry managed to ask.
“BOM.”
Terry sighed. She had heard of the Brotherhood of Man. From all credible reports, this was a group was controlled by the aging underground leaders from some of the more radical groups that had sprung up in the 60s. Their antiestablishment message had never completely died out, and it had found fertile ground among the disenfranchised youth of the 90s. These radicals had found they could bypass the traditional press and get their message out from the comfort of their armchairs using the Internet. No more midnight bombing raids to get the public's attention. They managed to get a much wider and less historically smart audience using the fuzzy logic that came hand in hand with short-term memory loss and paranoid flashbacks.
Besides, Terry thought, it must be a little difficult for them to get to and from a bombing site with their canes. They just might forget where they had parked their BMWs.
Terry decided to move on to the next interview, and, as she scanned the crowd, she caught sight of Elsie.
“Elsie,” she called to her, “what are you doing here?”
Elsie rested the picket sign she had been holding high on her shoulder and walked over to Terry.
“I'm here with the gospel group, you know, Pastor Chesholm, he was on TV a few days ago,” she said.
“Are you worried about the observatory?” Terry asked.
“Yes,” Elsie said, “and it's not just because it's down an old mine shaft.”
“I know that hum is coming from here, but nobody has admitted that yet,” she continued, “and if this contraption can cause a hum like that, what else will it do?”
“What do you think it might do?” Terry asked.
“That's the problem, these scientists are always doing experiments - why they're just like the mining company, come in to an area, pay some people for awhile, and when they're done with what they wanted, they leave town in a hurry.”
“And who knows what will happen when they start playing around with things they don't know anything about?” she paused and then said quietly, “It's just like nuclear bombs and…and giving people a disease without telling them just so these scientists and doctors can watch what happens.”
“Well, I'm no guinea pig, and I'm tired of other people telling me that whatever they want to do is gonna be good for me or for the community. Why, it's just poppycock!” Elsie said this as though it were a declaration of war from the grey brigade.
Before she could say another word, a whoop went through the crowd, rippling and gaining strength as though it was an infectious and incurable disease.
The cause of this excitement was the arrival of the heavy water tankers, and along with them came brigades of local constables in escort.
The crowd was parted by the police - like the Red Sea retreating from the wrath of God and the trucks moved into position to dump their loads without incident.
Polite crowd, Terry thought.

Chapter 8

For the next two hours, the trucks lined up and deposited their loads of light and heavy water, breaking only for lunch. The crowd outside the lab did the same. The only ones who were totally prepared for an all-day vigil were the gospel group. They had brought boxed lunches with them and shared their food, and their agenda, with anyone who wanted something to eat or who had the patience to listen. The lesson of the five loaves and fishes was not lost on Pastor Chesholm, and he practically crowed as he handed out the lunches. The crowd settled down, some sitting on the few benches that lined the parking lot, while others spread blankets on the rocks, basking in the sunshine.
Inside, the lab was crowded with technicians, but, despite the full force of their numbers, the control room was quiet. This part of the operation didn't need their technical expertise, but relied on the trained maintenance crew to oversee the transfer. Granger counted himself as one of those who needed to be there when the dome was filled, and instead of waiting and watching in the control room, he was down at the base of the shaft, impatient as ever to get on with his work.
Halfway through the transfer, Jessie and Palo commandeered Granger for the public relations work they were about to begin.
Jessie had identified about a dozen people from the crowd as candidates to be brought in for the tour - and the indoctrination session she and Palo had planned. She escorted Granger to a small platform they had built outside the front door of the observatory. With the dome framing their backs, the platform put Jessie and Granger above the crowd, like overseers on a plantation. As Jessie took the microphone and introduced Granger, the crowd listened intently and quietly, but when Granger stood and walked to the microphone, a few boos from those assembled in the parking lot greeted him. For once in Granger's life, he was before a crowd he knew he couldn't control, and he resented it. But he swallowed his pride, and, keeping his voice even, almost pleasant, he read from the pages he held in his hands.
As he delivered the speech that Palo had written for him, Jessie and Palo combed through the crowd, picking out certain people. They assembled them at the base of the platform as Granger wound up his speech.
“Obviously, we can't bring everyone in, but we do have room for twelve people who we will take on a complete tour of the facility.” he turned to the chosen.
“If each one of you will come up to the microphone, state your name and what group you are with, we can begin.”
Elsie was the last one up on the stage.
“I'm Elsie Carter, and I won't go in there without the Pastor - he's the reason we're all here,” she declared. A roar of approval rippled through the crowd. Granger turned to Jessie and nodded slightly, as Pastor Chesholm made his way through the mass of people to join the lucky few up on the stage.
Terry started taking pictures as the group was led inside the lab.
It was an abbreviated version of the tour Terry had taken. Now the shaft and the dome were completely off limits to anyone who hadn't been through the vac, and the view from the control room was different. The heavy water in the dome itself gave a sense of lucencey to a cavity that had long sat in empty darkness; the walls of the shaft were spattered with light patterns, as the water stirred and roiled by its passage into the dome, settled into its new home. As the water came to its rest, a dull glow reflected off the stone walls of the shaft, creating an ethereal and dream-like aura.
There were oohs and aahs as the invited watched the scene from the control room.
“As you can see, we are all set and ready for the experiments,” Granger said so pleasantly that Jessie glanced at him, half-expecting to see him wringing his hands in glee. Granger's pleasure didn't last very long, as the crowd gathered around the windows to where the experiments would take place. Elsie hung back, waiting for Granger.
“What about the hum?” Elsie asked.
Granger nearly choked, “the hum?”
“Yes, I've heard it. Darn near felt like my head was going to split open,” Elsie said. “Had to take my hearing aid out for two whole days, and even then it kept the noise down to a dull roar.”
“Okay,” Granger said, and he explained to the group the theory behind the cause of the hum.
Elsie listened carefully.
“So you see, now that the water is in place, it will act as an absorbent buffer for the vibrations, and you,” he said speaking directly to Elsie, “won't have any more problems with your hearing aid.” Granger gave Elsie his most sincere smile. Jessie and Palo almost cheered out loud. Granger took Elsie by the arm, politely muscling a path through the crowd to the windows.
Apparently Granger had listened and was putting their advice into practice, Jessie thought.
“Well, what about the rockburst?” Elsie wasn't about to buy into all this pleasantry. “I grew up here and lived here for most of my life, and I know the difference between an underground blast, a cave-in, and a rockburst, and that was no ordinary rockburst!”
Granger sighed.
He gathered the crowd around the computer station that monitored the data coming in from the seismology equipment they had put in place.
“You see this?” he asked, pointing to a complicated graph that showed spikes and valleys in no particular pattern. “This tells us what the ground has been doing for the last few days. If you look, the peak from the rockburst is the only major event. The rest of the ground is behaving normally.”
Elsie elbowed her way through the crowd to get a close-up view of the screen. She saw the graph and agreed there was the one large spike and she knew what that represented, but it was all the other little spikes that needed explaining as far as she was concerned. Granger seemed to almost read her mind, anticipating her next question.
“As far as the smaller spikes on the screen are concerned, they correlate exactly to the tests we were running on the photomultiplier tubes,” Granger said.
“Well, start it up, and let's see if you get the same thing,” Pastor Chesholm said.
“We can't do that right now. We have to test the water levels and the water has to be allowed to settle completely. We can't run a test right now,” Granger said with a little irritation in his voice.
Time to shut this show down, Jessie thought.
“There's coffee and donuts over here,” Jessie took the attention of the crowd, “and we also have some information brochures and documents for anyone who would like more information.”
As Jessie marshalled them all to the desks set aside for the refreshments, Terry snapped some more photos of the group.
Elsie took a chair next to the desk while Jessie poured her a cup of coffee and offered her a selection from the plate of donuts.
“I really shouldn't have coffee or sweets,” Elsie said. “I have to watch my sugar, you know, but I suppose this one time it will be okay.” She took a brochure from the pile and started reading it while she snacked on a double-chocolate donut.
Terry pulled Jessie aside to a quiet corner of the room.
“Did it cause the rockburst and the hum?” Terry asked.
Jessie confirmed that it did.
“Should we be alarmed by this?”
“No, definitely not,” Jessie answered, “this whole complex is solid and the experiment isn't likely to result in an explosion of any sort. It's just not designed that way.” Jessie was about to say something else when both Elsie and Granger approached Terry and Jessie. When they both started their requests at the same time, Granger graciously deferred to Elsie.
“I hate to ask, but do you have a washroom I can use?” Elsie asked.
“Oh, sure,” Jessie said and she was about to escort Elsie there, when Granger said he needed to speak to Jessie in his office.
“It's okay,” Terry said, “I know the way, I'll show you.”
As they made their way down the stairs to the maintenance room, Terry and Elsie talked about the lab.
“So, have you changed your mind about it at all?” Terry asked.
“I don't know. If they had only told us more about it at the beginning, maybe we wouldn't have been worried so much about it. You know, they can say all they want about how stable these mine shafts are, but I know better.” Elsie said.
Terry walked her to the door and returned to the control room. When she got there, Jessie signalled her to come into Granger's office for a formal interview with the chief.
When the interview was over, she had a much clearer idea of the concern the scientists had about the rockburst and the hum. It was all theory, grounded in proven scientific fact, but it was still speculative, and Terry told Granger just that.
“Alright, this is not for publication, off the record, okay?” Granger said.
Terry nodded. Everyone knew her reputation. If she agreed to an off-the-record interview, then that was exactly where what was discussed stayed - out of print.
“Tonight we are going to have a small test. We'll be turning on half of the tubes just to see how they react, but no one is to know, and, depending on what happens tonight, we will run a full scale test tomorrow,” Granger watched Terry's reactions as carefully as he was choosing his words.
“I will let you come in and take photos and be on site when we do this, but no press before the official opening on Monday night, agreed?”
Terry nodded, cautiously, as if she wouldn't agree, she thought. She checked her watch and saw that she had just enough time to get home, feed Mun, pick up some more film, and be back in time for the test. She didn't even wait to say good-bye to Jessie; she just wove her way through the crowd in the lab as quickly and politely as she could.
Terry hurried up the stairs and as she neared the exit to the lab, she heard loud voices, one of which, she was positive, belonged to her 'dear' friend Max. She opened the door slowly, and sure enough, there was Max arguing with somebody from the facility.
“Hi, Max,” she said brightly, calling attention to the fact that she was inside and he was out. She just couldn't resist sticking it to him. 
When he saw who was leaving the building, Terry thought he was going to throw his microphone at her.
“How the hell did you get in there?” he demanded.
“Sorry, Max. It was by invite only,” she said.
“Ya? So who did you sleep with to get in?” Max asked.
“Obviously, someone more important than you did,” Terry chuckled.
“Alright, enough already,” Bert said as he moved in between Max and Terry.
Slowly and surely, he advanced on Max, forcing him to step back. Bert didn't stop until Max had back-pedaled down the entire flight of steps leading up to the door.
Terry manoeuvred around these two, and headed for her car. By now, the parking lot was almost empty of people. There were only a few listless demonstrators left. Some still clung to sagging signs resting on their shoulders, while others sat waiting for a ride home.
*****
Mun was waiting for Terry, sitting patiently on the kitchen table. It was a game they played. Mun knew he wasn't supposed to be there, but Mun was an expert in telling time and if Terry wasn't prompt with his meals, he got even. Sitting on the table was one of Mun's least destructive acts of retribution, but one he well knew would provoke the response he wanted. Mun's other methods of revenge had so impressed Terry that she had made an arrangement with her neighbour to feed him if Terry was working late.
“I'm only twenty minutes late, Mun,” Terry said as she playfully swatted his tail, forcing him off the table.
Not only did she feed him, but also grabbed a bite for herself, and then went to her darkroom to fill up on film, filters, and lenses. She would be totally prepared for whatever happened during this test. As she surveyed her inventory in the dark room, she realized that she was completely out of developer. She checked the clock on the wall and knew it was too late to go to the store to get more.
“I'll have to develop at the Chronicle, that's all,” she said, not particularly relishing the idea.
She packed up her gear, and headed back to the observatory. She was in such a hurry to be on time that she didn't notice a car pulling out from a parking space at the side of her street, following her all the way to the observatory.
*****
As she drove down the road to the lab, she couldn't help but notice there was an odd beauty to the sight of the observatory in the early evening hours. With the setting sun colouring the upper reaches of the sky in fire-red streaks, and as the blue of the horizon deepened, darkness consumed the spaces between the low rock hills in a seeming struggle between light and shadow. As darkness won the battle and the sky's fury faded into the quiet of night, a light from the top of the observatory was visible above the shaft that it capped. To Terry this light looked like a solitary shield against the advancing darkness.
“That's a good pic,” Terry said as she snapped a few pictures, then she hurried inside to get set up.
She was pleased to find they had actually cleared a desk in the control room for her to use.
“Now what we are looking for is Cerenkov radiation,” Jessie said, “and if it happens, it will happen quickly, like a movement you can only catch out of the corner of your eye.”
Terry decided to set up her tripod and put a faster lens in her camera. She didn't want a shaky shot that just missed the action everyone was hoping would happen.
“Cerenkov radiation. That's where a particle travels faster than an atom can, at the speed of light in whatever medium the atom is travelling through, right?” Terry asked.
“Basically, yes, and it should result in a brief, and I mean brief, flash of blue light,” Granger replied. “We're only turning on half the tubes. We want to see if it still creates the vibration and the hum.”
By the time Terry had set up the tripod and focussed her camera, the technicians had completed their run-throughs on the computers.
Everyone was now gathered in the control room, including the maintenance staff.
Harvey was agog; he walked around the control room, staring at computer monitors with an embarrassingly open look of awe on his face. Bert and Barb wandered the room, listening in on conversations about things they somewhat understood, fascinated by the technical terms that were being tossed about like a football on a sunny Sunday afternoon.
“Look at that,” Barb said, pointing out the window to the dome below, “the water in the dome looks like a jewel in a primitive setting.”
It reminded Bert of the bauble he had bought at the bookstore, a bauble that he kept with him constantly. There had been a few times when his hand had reached into his pocket to offer this treasure to Barb, but the time had always come and gone without the gesture being made. It just wasn't the right time yet, Bert thought.
“Listen up, people, it's time,” Granger said. Some technicians settled themselves at their monitors while everyone else moved to the window.
“Bring it on-line slowly,” Granger said.
With nerves tensed and muscles flexed into an historical stillness for this moment in time, keys on a keyboard were punched. The lights in the control room dimmed as the strain on the electrical system increased. The control room went dead silent as those watching held their breath. 
Terry kept her gaze locked on the heavy water in the dome through the crystal clear lens of her camera. She wasn't going to miss a minute of this.
Granger's eagle eye was firmly fixed on the water. His hands clenched the edge of the window frame, his whole body stiff with concentration on the water below. It will work became a mantra in his mind, as though his own will could make happen what he had predicted.
Jessie was almost as open in her awe of this moment as Harvey had been earlier, but Jessie's was the awe of anticipating the final outcome, not the mundane machines that recorded it.
It's going to happen, she thought.
Mark Starr didn't go to the window. He sat at a desk, watching a computer screen monitor the tubes, counting as the screen confirmed each one on and running, until those tubes that had been ordered on all showed running, and he waited for the first bits of data to make their way to his screen.
When the technician broke the silence with “all up and running,” no one moved, spoke, or exhaled. The moment was upon them; they waited for that flash of light that would tell them they had succeeded.
No one there could hold their breath that long. While it may have seemed like an hour, after only a minute or two, with computers humming in the background there was an almost complete and co-ordinated “umph” from the people in the control room.
Granger relaxed his grip, turning to face his group “It may take awhile for any reaction to happen,” he said.
As he did this, a flash of light caught the corner of his eye, and, with an audible crack of his neck, he whipped his head around back to the window.
“Did you see that?” his voice cracked as loudly as his neck had.
“Whoa,” Terry yelled, “I think I got that on film.”
Everyone who wasn't needed at a terminal rushed to the window, and as more brief flashes of light bounced off the walls, the oohs and aahs grew as though they were all children watching a fireworks display. If there had been champagne in that control room, corks would have been popping almost as loudly as the cheers that rose like a tidal wave.
“Keep taking pictures,” Granger ordered over the din of a celebration.
Harvey and Bert gave each other a high five, and then Bert grabbed Barb, swinging her around in the air.
The sheer fine filaments of blue light began to appear more often in the water and stay a little longer, and Terry knew that she had caught some of them on film.
What a moment this was, she thought, grateful that she had been part of it.
Granger watched the patterns for several minutes and then took a station at the equipment monitoring the shafts.
“We'll let it run for an hour.” he said, “Just to check if that reverb happens now.”
Jessie couldn't take her eyes off the light show in the dome. These flashes weren't bold enough to blind the eye; it was the subtlety of them that intrigued her. To her scientific mind, the questions about neutrinos had just begun to be asked.
Why, if we are being bombarded by these particles, did only some interact, she wondered. She knew that only a small fraction of neutrinos were causing the interaction that lead to this light.
She looked for patterns of space, interval, and location of these short bursts of blue light, but found none. They appeared to be truly random and beautiful in their mystery.
“No hum,” Granger said to an audience that hardly cared. Starr was the only one who took notice. He had been watching his monitor and had seen a few of the spikes that indicated a hum, but said nothing about it to Granger.
Interesting, Starr mumbled to himself.
*****
Elsie just couldn't seem to rouse herself. She was somewhere unfamiliar and fog seemed to surround her. She tried to open her eyes when she recognized the irritation of a low hum in her ear. It must be one of those dreams where you dream you are awake, but you're really not, she said to herself as the hum abated and she slipped back into the foggy depths she had tried to wake from.
*****
When the test was completed, Terry packed up her gear and left the lab. The celebration would continue she was sure, but she was anxious to develop her film. If only half of the show that was put on tonight was on her film, these pictures would be worth far more than the ten dollars per photo the paper would pay her.
God, I'm lucky, she thought.
Her luck held because when she pulled into the parking lot at the paper, she could see that everyone else had gone home for the night, and she knew she would have the photolab to herself.
As usual, the room was a mess, and she not only had to clean it up before she could get to work, she also had to mix developer and fixer. She spent the next two hours just getting to the point where she could begin to make prints.
She fixed the film in the enlarger, spent a few minutes choosing which filter to use, and made a test print from the negatives.
It seemed to take longer than the five minutes producing a print usually took. She took the contact sheet out of the wash early and placed it on the light table.
She grabbed the loupe, set it down on the contact sheet to inspect the small squares of pictures, searching through that magnifying glass for the best shot to blow up for a print. She chose five negatives from which to make full-blown prints and set to work quickly.
As she pulled the eight by tens out of the wash, she nearly threw them in the garbage.
“Those assholes!” she said.
There was no telltale trail of the lights she had seen and photographed. There were, however, totally black areas in her picture that she just knew were caused by someone exposing the print paper to ordinary light and then putting it back into the box for someone else to use.
“Shitheads!” she said as she laid out her pictures on the drying table.
In parts of the photos, there were black blobs, and when she went back and redid the prints from other negatives, she saw that the blobs were on every picture taken of the dome. The only ones that turned out were the outside shots of the lab and some of the pictures from the protesters during the day.
She checked the other negs and tried printing some of them. She printed and reprinted more times than she would admit to her editor and the pile of useless photos filled the garbage can. She had even tried half-toning them. But no matter which halftone screen she used, or whatever combination of screens she tried, the Moire pattern the screens produced on a print, couldn't reduce the continuous grey tone of film to the small black and white dots that the presses needed to print a picture. She had hoped that the wavy Moire pattern that the screens produced would have saved the blotchy areas, but it couldn't.
By four in the morning Terry had had it.
She took the one photo of the dome that turned out and made a half-tone of it so it would be ready for when the editor did his paste-up.
As she packed up her gear, and emptied the full garbage can of wasted paper, she contemplated leaving a note for her editor complaining about the paper's photogs screwing up the photo paper. She sat down at Dave's desk, pulled out her notepad, and started to write a scathing letter of complaint. She sat there for a few moments contemplating what she would write, but gave up on the idea because, the truth was, even if she did leave it on Dave's desk, it probably wouldn't be there by the time Dave got into the office this morning. She yawned, stretched and decided to go home to get some sleep, but she also vowed there were two things on her agenda for later this day - getting in enough supplies so that she could work at home in her own darkroom and calling her editor.
*****
Terry had only been asleep for a few hours; an anxious, tossing and turning kind of sleep when she was awakened by the phone. When she came fully awake to the demand of the ringing, she wasn't sure whether she was grateful or ticked off.
It was Granger calling. She could hear the flush of victory in his voice when he said hello. In fact, Terry thought his voice sounded almost human when he asked about the photos.
“Well, there's a problem there,” she said, and in more detail than he cared to hear, she explained just how sloppy and stupid the newspaper's photogs were.
Even in the face of the lack of photographic documentation, Granger's enthusiasm was as solid as a rock.
“Don't worry,” Granger said to Terry, “you get another shot at it tonight.”
By the time their conversation was over, Terry was wide-awake and she decided to get to the store for photo supplies and then take a long afternoon nap.
She showered, played with Mun, and made a list. She decided not to call her editor to complain. After all, he had no power to make any changes in that newsroom and besides, she must have used up at least $50 worth of their photo paper in the process. It all evens out, she thought.
Once more, when she pulled out of her driveway for the trek to the store, she didn't notice a car, engine idling, at the curb just down the street, nor did she notice when it pulled into traffic and followed her.
*****
That afternoon, while Terry indulged in a long afternoon nap, Max had been the very model of busy-ness. The fact that Terry had been in the lab all yesterday afternoon, privy to God knew what was going on in there, still burned Max's butt. By the time he had returned to the TV station last night, there was no one there high enough up that corporate food chain for him to vent his wrath to. But today, he cornered the manager and demanded that he be given access to the observatory.
“Are we going to let that pitiful rag of a newspaper scoop us?” Max demanded.
“We,” he said pointing his finger at the manager and then at himself, “are TV, for God's sake.”
The manager was used to Max's ego and how it worked its way out in his stories, and even in how he got his stories. Max was not the best reporter in town, but he knew how to copy from the best, and he knew how to push buttons, and get close to the people who pushed the buttons that ran this city. The manager made one phone call. After a brief conversation, he hung up and gave Max his instructions.
“Early tonight, be at the lab. When that little reporter from the Chronicle shows up, make sure you walk with her right to the door. I can guarantee you that they will let you in, if she goes in.”
Max smiled. He looked forward to the look on Terry's face.
At five that afternoon, Terry once more packed up her gear, stowed it in the backseat of her car, and left for the observatory. Again, she didn't notice the other car, casually following at a distance as though the driver had no doubt about Terry's destination.


Chapter 9

While Terry slept away her afternoon, and Max whined away his, the staff at the observatory fussed and adjusted everything and anything, whether it needed it or not.
By late afternoon, every button, every knob, and every computer key in the control room had been pushed, pulled, or punched at least twice. Staff members were almost tripping over themselves, checking and rechecking equipment in anticipation of the full test, watching the clock ticking down to the moment of scientific truth they anticipated. Hour by hour, minute by minute, the day proceeded on its journey in the only way it knew how, never changing its pace or its calculations, despite the obvious and time-passing activity of the staff.
While the scientists were making themselves busy in the control room, the maintenance crew was doing absolutely nothing. They sat, idly, in the lunch room, occasionally making reference to the time, complaining about having to be there, and, during the lulls, searching for topics of conversation to make the time pass.
“Why do we have to be here?” Bert asked Barb, for the third time.
Barb sighed, “Because Granger said so. He's a real nitpicker, and he wants everything checked and rechecked.”
“But we've done that, four times,” Bert replied, raising his hand with four of his fingers outstretched for emphasis.
Barb swatted his hand, “Find something else to do. You are getting paid double time for sitting on your ass like this. Quit complaining.”
“I just can't stand doing nothing when I'm supposed to be working,” Bert said. “Doing nothing makes time stand still.”
“Why don't you read something?” Harvey said, as he threw a copy of one of his tabloids at Bert. Bert hit it midair, swatting it to the floor. It flopped open at one of the few pages that had more text than pictures.
Bert picked it up and looked at the headline. “New Show A Hit, Literally,” Bert read, adding, “oh yea, I've heard about that.”
Harvey walked over to where Bert was sitting and looked over his shoulder at the article Bert was reading.
It was all about a new talk show that had only been on the air for a few months, but had skyrocketed to number one in the ratings within six months of its debut, and, according to the article, there was a good reason it had.
“I've seen that show,” Harvey said, “there's a fight almost every ten minutes, a physical fight, old and young, black and white, male and female.”
“Yea,” Barb joined in, “I started watching it one day and it was just incredible.”
Bert had seen the show more than once, and couldn't understand how anyone could watch that show day in and day out, let alone how it had gotten to be the highest rated show.
“You know, I was just flipping through the channels one day and I couldn't believe what I was seeing,” Bert said.
“On one episode, in the first five minutes, two young ladies, and I am assuming that they were females because on this show you never know for sure, were fighting over a guy who was the most absolute loser I've ever seen. That guy sat there smiling while his two girlfriends cursed each other and laughed when they started fighting with each other.” He shook his head as he said this, remembering the sordid drama that he had watched, not out of interest, but shock. The anger and rage of those two women had played out on his television screen, and Bert knew that the hitting, punching, pulling hair and spitting, weren't stunts done for a movie. He changed the channel when he realized that the two ladies circling each other on the screen more resembled hyenas circling a carcass, waiting for the other to make a false step. Bert shuddered at the memory.
But the article didn't just deal with the physical fighting that was expected by the producers of the show.
In an interview, John Arthur, the host, admitted that not only did they choose people who were likely to lose their temper, but they fed them booze in the waiting room before the show started.
“Listen to this,” Bert said, and he read a quote from the host.
“ 'Well, sometimes you know, these people get a little stage fright, but that's easily handled with a beer or two.' “
Bert felt sleazy just reading the article, but he read on. “ 'And now that we have the reputation, we're getting calls all the time from people who want to get on the show. There never will be a shortage of people who want to do this on national TV'.”
“Or people who watch it,” Barb said.
“I don't believe that,” Bert replied. In his world he couldn't imagine this type of 'sport' becoming popular, let alone staying popular.
“You know, sooner or later, somebody is going to get killed on this show,” Bert said.
“They've got seven big bouncers, and, according to that article, they check the guests for weapons,” Harvey said.
“Yea, but this kind of thing is only going to get worse, get more violent. You know the audience cheers on the guests when they start fighting, and when it's over, they cheer this Arthur guy?”
“It's just like the Roman gladiators fighting in the ring,” Barb said, “except then, the audience decided who would live and who would die.”
“And all of this just for ratings,” Bert said. “This article says that this Arthur guy had a talk show for three years that nobody watched.”
“Well, they're watching now,” Harvey said.
“But what are they watching for?” Bert asked.
It was a question no one there could answer, and just before the silence in the room became uncomfortable, Granger walked in.
“I just want to go over the plans for tonight,” Granger said.
“The test will start in a little over an hour. I assume you've gone through your list of checks?”
“Yes, we did,” Barb said.
“Okay. We are expecting some company, so I want you,” and he pointed to Bert, “to be at the entrance in fifteen minutes. Make them wait in the lobby until they are all present and then escort them to the control room. Once they're in the complex, lock the doors.”
“You,” he said to Harvey, “I want all the rooms checked one more time, every closet, every bathroom, everything with a door on it.”
After Granger left Harvey stacked up his newspapers in a neat pile on the table and started on his rounds while Bert left for the lobby.
*****
Harvey whistled softly to himself as he started down the hallway between the lunchroom and the vac, opening each door as he went, shining his flashlight into their gloom and seeing nothing out of the ordinary, moved on to the next. His footsteps echoed hollowly behind him, temporarily sounding off the trail of his passage. He would stop every now and then, waiting for the sound to fade, listening for any other sound that might tell him he was not alone.
He came to the men's washroom door at just the right time and made a pit stop. He had just made himself comfortable when he thought he heard a low moan that he was fairly confident hadn't come from him. He ducked his head down so he could see below the stall dividers and saw no other feet or shoes or pants loosened and dropped to the floor.
“Spooks,” he said to himself as he flushed. He waited until the water had stopped filling up the tank and listened again. He heard nothing.
His pit stop had been a delaying tactic, although Harvey would never have admitted that to anyone, not even himself. The next door down the hallway was the ladies washroom, and it was one room that Harvey preferred not to enter.
Men were men, and ladies were ladies, and they should never meet over a toilet bowl, Harvey thought to himself.
He pushed the door open slowly and slightly, reaching in for the light switch on the wall. Before he could reach it, he heard the moan again, and this time it was clear and close. Gathering up his nerve, he switched on the light and swung the door fully open.
He gasped at what he saw.
“Oh, my God,” he said as he rushed into the room, “oh, my God.” There, halfway out of one of the stalls was an elderly woman. She was on the floor, propped against the stall, hands grasping the edge of the door. Strands of her long hair that had once been neatly tied back in a bun fell loosely, half concealing her face, and he could see a dried line of blood from the top of her head down her brow to her chin. Her eyes were closed and she moaned again. 
Harvey knew she wasn't dead, at least yet. He cradled her in his arms, trying to wake her. When her eyes fluttered but didn't open, he grabbed his radio and called for help.
Help arrived within minutes from the control room. Jessie and Barb were the first on the scene.
“Elsie?” Jessie said in amazement.
The woman on the floor moaned again. She thought she could hear someone calling her, but the fog she was in was so dense and thick she couldn't see or be sure of what was happening. And then the pain hit, a splitting headache that pounded pain in waves through her head. She tried to lift her hands to cradle her head, to somehow shield it from the pain but her hands didn't seem to respond. She started to cry, and the salty tears forced open eyelids that had lain shut for almost 24 hours.
When she opened her eyes, the blur of people crowded around her helped to focus and sharpen her vision until she realized she didn't recognize any of these people.
“Elsie?” Jessie called again.
I know that voice she thought, and when she turned her head slightly she recognized the young woman who showed them around the observatory.
“I'm sorry,” she said weakly, “I fell,” and she kept apologizing as she struggled to stand.
“Whoa,” Harvey said, “better take it easy. You got a nasty bump and we want to wash the blood off.” He helped Elsie up off the floor and held his arm around her.
“Blood?” Elsie asked, putting a hand to her cheek, wiping away the dried smear.
Granger called Jessie out to the hallway as those with medical skills took over looking after Elsie.
“What the hell is she doing here?” Granger asked a bewildered Jessie.
“I don't know. The last time I saw her, Terry was showing her where the bathroom was.”
“Do you mean she has been in there since yesterday?” Granger asked.
“Must have been,” Jessie replied, “but I told them to do a head count as people were leaving. I don't know how this happened.”
“A whole day?” Elsie's voice was loud and clear from inside the washroom.
“All I can remember is that reporter walking me here and I remember feeling dizzy, but that's all I can remember.”
“Let's get her up to the control room. She must need some fluids and something to eat,” Granger said.
Harvey finished cleaning Elsie's face, applied a bandage from the med kit to the cut on her head, and helped her put her hair back in the tight little bun.
“You'll be okay,” he whispered to Elsie. “Let me help you up the stairs, unless of course you want a piggy back ride?”
Elsie laughed. She was quickly becoming herself again, and there was no way she was going to be carried up those stairs. She would bite off her entire tongue before she would let anyone know there was something she couldn't do. But after three steps, she did take Harvey's arm when he offered it, and leaned a little more heavily on it than she wanted to.
*****
Terry pulled into the parking lot of the lab, and parked her car as close to the entrance as possible. She had an odd sense of herself tonight. Normally, a dark parking lot had never intimidated her, but tonight there was just something, almost a tangible something, in the air.
“It's anticipation,” she said out loud as she neared the huge glass front doors of the lab.
“You're darn right, it is,” Max said, stepping into the light from around the darkened corner of the lab.
Terry screamed.
“You son of a bitch, what the hell are you doing here?” she demanded.
“Same thing as you, sweetie, and I got an invite, too,” He smiled as he said this, enjoying every minute of Terry's obvious frustration.
She had drawn back her fist instinctively when she heard the voice, and it was only with some difficulty that the fingers relaxed their grip on this offensive posturing, her arms falling almost limply to her side.
“What makes you think you're going inside?” Terry asked.
“Just watch and learn,” Max said, as they both headed towards the door, up steps that would, under normal circumstances accommodate two civilized human beings at a time, but not two competing equipment-laden reporters scrambling over each other for a scoop.
By the time they reached the entrance, Bert was standing inside the lobby looking out at them and laughing.
“Well, I see you two have met again,” Bert said as he let them into the lab.
Terry said nothing. The fire in her eyes could have toasted a marshmallow fifty feet away. Max just strutted along behind Bert towards the elevator, keeping his mouth shut but speaking volumes with the way he held his camera.
By the time they reached the control room, everyone else had gathered there as well, including Elsie. When Terry saw her, she knew that something had happened. Elsie was in the same dress she had worn yesterday and it looked a little rumpled.
That's not Elsie's style, Terry thought, she'd rather be caught dead naked than with a wrinkle in her clothes.
“It must have been the sugar,” Elsie was saying to Jessie and Harvey, “I had a donut yesterday. I know I shouldn't have, but I did.”
“Are you diabetic?” Granger asked.
“No, pre-diabetic,” Elsie answered, “but I have to watch just how much sugar I take in. Can someone give me a ride home?”
Everyone looked at Granger.
“Elsie,” he said, “but since you are here, and since you have been concerned about this lab, we are doing a full scale test tonight, you can stay and watch if you want.”
“Is it safe?” she asked.
“Of course it is,” Granger said. “I'll explain everything that's happening and then you can tell one of the reporters here just what you think about the whole thing afterward. Fair enough?”
Elsie nodded, took a sip of the orange juice they had given her, then hungrily reached for the tuna sandwich Jessie was offering. The technicians got down to business. It took nearly an hour for everything to be set for the test and there was more than a little jostling for position between Terry and Max.
Terry had automatically assumed the same place at the same window she had used during last night's test and set up her tripod. Max set up his rig right next to her's, leaving her little, if no, elbow room. Neither said a word to the other.
From a desk a few feet away, Granger watched the two of them. They were silent combatants using body language as weapons. Granger was sympathetic to Terry's plight. He admitted, if only to himself, that she had done her homework to at least understand the principles behind the lab, while Max had floated into the story through a phone call to the right people. Granger bristled at the memory of that call from the politician who held the purse strings on this project. Politicians, he thought.
 As the technicians called off the roll call announcing each station as ready, Granger dimmed the lights once more in the control room. All eyes turned to the water-filled dome below. Within minutes, the small flashes of Cerenkov radiation began.
Elsie let out a small squeal of delight, and Granger took her by the arm.
“That light means that neutrinos are reacting to extra particles in the heavy water. When they come in contact, the neutrinos make that little bit of matter speed up and when it starts to move through the water, it is actually travelling at a speed faster than the speed of light can travel through that heavy water,” Granger said.
After a half an hour of the oohs and aahs, the control room staff and guests settled into a quiet appreciation of the patterns from the cavern below.
“Do you hear any hum?” Granger asked Elsie.
“A low one, but it doesn't hurt, it's just a bit of an annoyance,” Elsie said, her eyes glued to the light show.
“You know, I think I can see patterns there,” she said.
“Patterns?” Granger asked, as he turned his attention to the lights.
“Well, yes. It's difficult to explain. But, well, you know, I make quilts, and to do that you have to be able to take small pieces of material, some with printed patterns on them, and be able to see how they would all fit together and what kind of overall pattern you'll get.”
Interesting, thought Granger, as he studied the show for a few minutes. She was right. Patterns were beginning to emerge.
As he watched, the flashes of light became stronger, more like a beating pulse that lasted through a moment and disappeared as abruptly as it had come. Underlying these pulses was a background hue, dyed to a duller blue than the light, as though it was an afterglow of the beat.
The lights became rhythmical, faster, and in tune with each other. Starr became concerned when he saw the pattern shift in unison. The lights started at the outer edge and arced to the middle of the dome, disappearing into the dark centre of the water.
The darkness at the heart of the dome grew. It started as a small black space where no light seemed to penetrate and got bigger. The arcs shortened and thickened, becoming ominous with their presence as the darkness reached out to the edges. A high-pitched whine echoed throughout the complex. Elsie wasn't the only one covering her ears to protect herself from the noise when the crackle of electricity filled the air with the smell of ozone that comes after a strong spring rain.
Granger's attention was riveted to the darkness growing in the dome. In the middle of this darkness, he could just barely make out the roiling of the water within the dome.
That can't be, he thought. He looked over at Starr, and saw his questions and his concerns mirrored in Starr's eyes.
Terry clung to the window, stubbornly refusing to be cowed by what she didn't understand. Max had already moved away from the window.
When the arcs were a mere shell around the darkness, not travelling through it, but around it in ever-increasing density, Granger called for a shut down. Starr punched the buttons on his computer with a great deal of relief evident on his face.
Nothing happened.
He punched them again.
Nothing happened.
With a hopeless expression on his face, he looked at Granger and shook his head.
Granger made it to Starr's desk in as few steps as possible, and, as though his own determination could command a machine, punched the keys with authority. He glared at the computer screen, willing it to tell him what he wanted to know. The whole complex shuddered and fell silently into near-total darkness, lit only by the glow from the Cerenkov radiation.
Max was halfway up the stairs to the lobby when the lights on the stairway went out. He tripped and fell five steps down to the next landing, his camera rolling ahead of him, smashing into the cement wall.
All eyes in the control room were turned to the dome.
The lights still pulsed to an unheard rhythm. The darkness started to radiate beyond the shell of blue, sending dark arms through glass, wall, people, and space.
As it reached out from beyond the enclosure of the dome, the darkness became a dimly-lit tunnel surrounded by the arcs of blue light interspersed with the whole spectrum of colours, almost like a rainbow that had been turned in upon itself in a never-ending spiral.
As the tunnel grew, the very ground beneath the feet of those gathered began to darken and disappear, and the whine started again softly, slowly, building to a deafening crescendo.
The people in the control room covered their ears and looked for safe ground, but there was nowhere to go. The tunnel kept expanding, engulfing everything in its path, like a controlled tornado cutting a direct and even swath across a farmer's field. As the complex disappeared into the darkness, the blue light arced into the night sky above where the complex had stood, shooting long uneven tendrils, like thunderbolts, vaporizing everything they encountered when they touched ground.
The bolts flashed brighter and more often, streaking down from the sky, raining destruction on the city nearby. Parts of the city disappeared in silence as the bolts struck wherever they would. On some house-filled streets near to the strikes, homes burst into flames at the proximity of this unearthly light.  People died where they lay in their beds, barely aware that the heavens had opened up and unleashed a cosmic storm from the tiniest part of the atom. 
The bolts became as one, no longer flashing in a series, until the sky was filled with one large blue furious bolt. A final burst of light and rhythm broke the stillness of the night with a loud and final clap of thunder that extinguished the blue light.

Chapter 10

Pitwell’s Place was a dead zone - quiet and dark. No light from the observatory shone through the darkness, no animal moved in its shadow, only a small and insignificant breeze whispered across the rock, drawn by its own curiosity into the hole that had housed the observatory. It shivered down into the darkness, raced along the branching tunnels, only to reach their conclusion and be sent back retracing its steps. When it met itself again at the mine shaft, the eddies and swirls whinnied in confusion, finally settling in unison into a mournful hum at its own demise, a hum that couldn't be heard above the painful confusion and chaos the blue light had caused in the city.
The wails of sirens criss-crossed the night as emergency crews raced to the rescue with no streetlights to guide them and no central dispatcher to co-ordinate their efforts. Firemen stopped their trucks and fought fires where they found them, policemen helped where they could, and neighbour took neighbour’s arms to guide each other away from the immediate dangers of fire and collapsing walls.
*****
When the row housing that May and Dan Stanton lived in had started to shake, and Wendy had started to scream, May got up and raced to the children's bedroom. She saw Wendy with her hands over her ears and tears streaming down her face. Wendy howled once more before May could reach her.
“It's closer, mommy, it's closer,” Wendy screamed.
May coddled Wendy in her arms, not knowing what to do, feeling helpless in the face of a child in pain. As she rocked her in her arms, another flash of light lit up the window. May felt the floor beneath her feet ripple with the shock from the blue light's grounding, and the walls rattled as though they were trying to loosen the very nails that held them in place. As the floor and walls settled into an uneven alliance of structure, a creeping darkness invaded the room, so black May could barely feel Wendy's struggling and a stillness as deep as death engulfed her. Wendy stopped screaming.
*****
When the sound and the fury outside settled down to the wail of sirens, Dora cautiously poked her head out from the bathroom.
Still the safest place in an earthquake, Dora thought to herself. She cautiously made her way downstairs to the kitchen and like a person blind from birth, felt her way expertly to the drawer where she kept the candles and matches. She felt a draught on her back and sheltered the match as she struck it and lit the candle.
As the glow from the candle spread throughout the room, she surveyed the damage, looking for the broken window that was letting in the cold damp air she felt. The kitchen window was intact and so was the inside door, but the glass in the outer door was blown to bits - only those fragments of glass that had been glued solidly to the frame remained. She turned towards the living room and carefully, setting one foot in front of the other, wary of what might have fallen from the wall, paced forward like a soldier crossing a minefield.
As she rounded the corner from the kitchen to the living room, she heard the crunch of glass beneath her feet, and, now sure of which window was broken, relaxed her vigilance slightly.
The living room window was gone. The curtains gracefully played out in the breeze, swirling gently as though they were dancing with an unseen partner. Through the window a dull light from a fire across the street flared unevenly in the darkness, giving temporary visual substance to the homes it was consuming. People gathered in the street and on Dora's front lawn; there was nowhere else for them to go.
Dora opened her door and joined them. Both ends of the street were impassable. At one end the road had collapsed into a hole so deep you could hide a bus in it, and the other end of the street had heaved upwards, almost as though each were the opposite end of a giant's teeter totter.
She hurried as many people as wanted to come, into what was left of her home, lit the rest of her candles and because she knew there was no help coming, organized a fire brigade. For as long as the water lines worked, Dora and her neighbours soaked the fire with hoses and water buckets, winning small victories here and there. They worked all night in the shadows of the fires, unable to see anything but the flames they were trying to quell. It wasn't until dawn broke that the real extent of what had happened hit home.
Throughout that night, Dora hadn't stopped to count heads or knock on other doors to see if anyone was home, but as the smoke began to clear in the morning light, she rapped on May's door.
There was no answer. She called out May's name and tried to look through the broken living room window, but nothing stirred and nobody answered. Dora carefully picked out the remaining shards of glass, pushed aside a corner of the heavy curtains and hoisted herself through May's front window. She gasped when she saw what wasn't there.
The whole back of the house was gone.
“Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god,” Dora cried, as neighbours ran to her rescue.
They pried open the front door and could only stare in amazement at the open space that greeted them.
The house had been sheared, neatly and completely, in two. The front half stood on its foundation, solidly attached to the houses on either side, but from the midway point to the back door, everything was gone. The break in the structure was clean-cut; there was no rubble, no bricks ripped from their mortar and tossed casually aside to the floor. There was nothing but air.
Dora ran to the stairs, but before she could even climb what was left of them, she could see the stairs led nowhere but to open sky.
“Where are they, where are the children?” Dora screamed, and she climbed as many stairs as there were, calling out for May, Wendy, and Sarah, sobbing as she went.
Throughout the city, the scene was repeated in an arbitrary fashion. Whole streets and sections had been left unscathed by what was presumed to have been a freak storm, while other parts of the city were devastated by the touch of a force beyond the comprehension of those at its mercy.
As the emergency crews began to win the battle against the destruction and move people to shelters, the helicopters from the Air Force base in the next town brought relief and food to the city. Armed soldiers took up patrol in the streets, while others cleared roads and worked on hydro lines to restore some semblance of civility to the city. By the end of that day, those who had been made homeless had shelter. The city began digging itself out from under the debris of destruction while news crews roamed the streets for stories they couldn't publish that day or air on the six o'clock news that evening, because power was only being restored on an emergency basis.
When word of the devastation got out to the neighbouring towns, the media began to descend on this already overburdened city, forcing the government to step in. The troops were ordered to keep the tourists out of the city and to cordon off Pitwell's Place.
Helicopters landed in the parking lot of the observatory, spewing their capacity of soldiers out of its doors. As they hit the ground running, some took up position on the perimeter of the empty shaft, grim-faced, solemn, and silent. Others set up tents, creating a bivouac that would serve as command central.
*****
The offices of the Northern Chronicle had been shaken, but not stirred. Books had been thrown from the shelves of the reference room and lay strewn on the desk and the floor. Some of the reporter's computers had slid from the evening's commotion, destroying monitors and hard drives, leaving some keyboards hanging limply from their cables. But it was the photo lab that had gotten hit the worst. Bottles of chemicals had been dumped on the counter, mixing up a toxic brew that even the most hardened lungs of the oldest photographer couldn't deal with. The clean up here began with facemasks and air filters.
“I've never seen anything like it,” Dave said to the two reporters who had been able to make it into the office.
He started rifling through the debris on his desk and came across the photo of the observatory that Terry had left for him.
“Well, look at this, Terry must have been in here last night,” he said, turning the photo over, looking for the time stamp that should have been on the photograph.
“Oh, she was in Friday. God what a bad photo,” he said, and he knew Terry was better than this. Better at taking the picture and better at developing it. He stared at the black blotches, wondering what they were. If it were dust, Terry would have cleaned the enlarger, Dave thought.
He was pretty sure the photo was the lab, and from what he could make out it had to be the dome with the heavy water.
“She must have used some bad paper,” Dave said, knowing that some of his full-time photogs weren't careful with the supplies.
He picked up the phone and tried to dial Terry's number. He didn't even get a dial tone.
“Richard, get over to Terry's house. I need to talk to her and the phones are out.”
“Try my cell phone,” Richard suggested. “There was a couple of hours last night where it wouldn't work at all, but I got a busy signal when I called here earlier.”
Dave picked it up and dialled. It worked and he let the phone ring ten times before he hung up.
“I didn't get her answering machine or a 'this phone number is not in service' message,” he said.
“Never mind, I'm going to drive over there,” Dave said. “I want you to get out to the observatory, see what's happening out there.”
Dave had an uneasy feeling; the kind that a long-time reporter knows has to be followed up on. He began to add up the incidents in his mind. The hum that some little old lady complained about, the rockburst that rumours said wasn't one, and now this. As he drove his car out of the parking lot, swerving around the debris of bricks, wood, and siding, he somehow just knew that Terry's photograph was important, and last night was no ordinary storm.
It took him two hours to make the half-hour drive from the office to Terry's house. He tried to stick to the major roads, but they were either clogged with traffic or debris. When he pulled down the side streets, it was nearly like a maze and he was the rat in it. He tried to take the most direct back streets but found himself forced to back up the entire length of Maple because the intersection with Hardy was gone. A huge gaping hole stood in its place. On the corner next to that hole, a solitary traffic light, its pole bent at an unseemly and impossible angle, hung suspended by electrical wires that kept it blinking its cautionary yellow warning.
“God, what a mess,” Dave said as he finally pulled into Terry's driveway.
The house looked solid and unperturbed from the turbulence of last night. There were some bits of wooden siding and the odd roof shingle lying on the carefully manicured front lawn, but her flowerbed, ready for spring planting, lay undisturbed.
He knocked on the front door, and when he didn't get an answer, he looked in the door window. All he saw were the typical after-effects of what might be a messy housekeeper - the entry hall was littered with a variety of shoes, and the front closet door hung open, showing just how stuffed a small space could be. He moved to the living room window for a clearer view, but from there all he could see were books littering the floor in a less than casual manner, some lying open.
He went around to the back of the house, opened the door to the mudroom, and tried the backdoor. To his surprise, it was open. He pushed the door open slightly, calling out Terry's name, waiting for a reply, but got none. He opened it wider, called again, and listened. Dave thought he heard a soft shuffling sound from inside Terry's house, a sound barely louder than his own breathing. He stopped, listened for the sound to repeat itself. It didn't, so Dave pushed the door completely open, and stepped into the kitchen. Once more he called Terry's name, but no one answered, and no one shuffled.
He opened the blinds on the kitchen window to let in enough light so he could see. Again he paused, looked around. For Dave, the silence only made him feel even more like an intruder, but he had come here on a mission and he wasn't about to leave before he got some sort of answer. Terry's house was quiet and empty, eerily serene, and as he listened for several minutes, he thought he heard a soft scratching coming from the other room. Nervous about being in this house without an invitation, but worried that Terry might be lying injured somewhere, Dave poked his head around the edge of the door to the living room, cautiously peering into it. He didn't see anything or anyone so he took a deep breath and stepped through the doorway.
Mun tackled him.
Dave screamed and back-pedaled into the kitchen, tripping over a chair, toppling it to the floor, and landing full-force on his ass. As he tried to scramble backwards in a crab-waddle way, he saw the object of his fright.
“It's just a cat,” he said out loud in relief. A cat that had its back arched, fur frizzed out, claws extended, and hissing like its life depended on it. Dave chuckled. This he could handle. He got up on his feet, softly calling out, “here kitty, kitty, kitty,” moving cautiously across the kitchen to what he hoped was a pantry. He checked it for some food, all the while feeling Mun's eyes following his every move. Dave pulled out a can of cat food, and, at the sound of the can opener, Mun's back relaxed, the hissing stopped, and the fur settled back into its sleek form, but Dave could see that the claws stayed somewhat extended. He put the food dish on the floor, softly calling the cat, and then moved away from the dish. Mun kept his eyes on Dave, but followed his nose.
While Mun chowed down, Dave took an inventory of the house. There was no damage, just no Terry. There were some dirty dishes in the house, but certainly not more than a day's worth.
“Terry, where the hell are you?” he asked.
*****
Richard didn't even get close to the observatory. The last three miles to the lab's entrance was a winding road, through and around the hills of rock that had been Pitwell's pride and coin. The road was blocked off, not by debris, but by barricades and rifle-bearing soldiers in camouflage gear. Beyond the barricades, Richard could see soldiers moving down the road towards the lab, clearing it as they went. He parked his car by the side of the road and loaded his camera. Something was going on, and he was going to get the story.
As he neared the barricade, a soldier moved in front of him, blocking his way.
“Close enough, sir,” the soldier said, “and put that camera away.”
“What's going on here?” Richard asked as he continued to take pictures.
“Sir, put it away, or I will take it.”
“I want to see whoever is in charge,” Richard demanded.
“That would be me.”
“What's your name and rank?” Richard asked.
“Sorry, sir, that's classified. Now move out,” the soldier said as he shifted his rifle from his shoulder, and pointed it at Richard.
Richard backed off. There's more than one way to skin a cat, he thought. He went back to his car, made a U-turn, and drove back down the road, well out of sight and sound of the soldiers.
Again he parked his car, but this time he took the less-trodden path over the rocks, not down the road.
There was little cover for him, no giant stand of trees that he could sneak through or hide behind, only occasional and lonely clumps of underbrush dotting the land. He dropped to his knees as he crested one small hill to scope out his next move. He changed the lens on his camera to telephoto and took more pictures of the barricade. He had to get closer, but it seemed an impossible task. He spotted a ring of hills around the lab, and if he was careful, and lucky, he just might be able to get closer.
He spent an hour, mostly on his knees, crawling from one hill to the next, scraping knuckles and ruining his dress pants. But it paid off. He could see the lab, and he could also see just how badly he was outnumbered by what looked like an invading army of locusts dining on a farmer's crop.
He gasped. The lab was gone, all of it. He looked for the telltale dome and all he saw was a gaping wound where the lab had stood. There was no broken glass, no walls crumpled, no remains littering the ground - nothing. He changed film and kept snapping pictures.
“What the hell went on here?” he asked himself.
After he had finished using every roll of film he had brought with him, he made his way back to where he had parked his car. Throughout his trek, he had held on to his caution after he had seen what was going on at the observatory, and it had served him well. As he started to round that last hill, he heard voices shouting orders. He peeked around the edge of the rock, only to see soldiers surrounding his car, and that little peon he had talked to at the barricade telling them to fan out and search.
He was in trouble and he knew it. He couldn't cross that open space to get to his car, and he knew that even if he could, he sure as hell couldn't start the car faster than the soldiers could unsling their weapons and shoot. He had six rolls of exposed film on him and he was going to get some of it back to the paper. 
He waited until the commander and the rest of the soldiers had done as ordered and fanned out, leaving a solitary soldier guarding the car. He unzipped his pants and stuffed four rolls deep in his privates.
As he rounded the corner of the hill, tugging at his open zipper as though it was caught on something, he let out a huge sigh of relief as though the weight of the world had just been lifted from his shoulders. He stopped in mock surprise as the soldier turned to face him and yelled halt.
Richard lifted his hands in the air.
“Hey, hey,” he said to the soldier as he kept one hand in the air, the other reaching with hands fumbling with his zipper.
“Geez, just taking a leak here,” he said, and hoped his face had blushed enough to be seen.
The soldier smirked, but didn't lower his gun.
Richard straightened himself up, grabbed hold of his pants and zipped. He picked up his camera bag, fished his car keys out of his pocket and started towards his car.
“Unuh,” the soldier said, pointing his gun at Richard's bag.
Richard handed it over, and with a quick and thorough rummage the soldier found the two rolls of film. He smiled and pocketed them, and checked the camera for a third, finding only an empty chamber.
“Get going,” he said, “and don't come back unless you're looking for real trouble.”
As casually as he could, Richard opened the door of his car, and sat himself down carefully, more than a little aware of the four little treasures he held underneath his other jewels. For him, the drive back to the city was as uncomfortable as it seemed to be long. Richard couldn't fully sit down and neither was he willing to stop anywhere but at the office.
With legs cramping from the load, he pulled into the parking lot at the Chronicle, slammed on his breaks, and fished out his packages. He raced up the stairs to the editorial department, laughing like a kid.
“Wait till you see this,” he shouted at Dave, “you won't believe what's happened at the lab.”
During the hour it took to develop the film, Richard regaled everyone who would listen with his escape and his escapade. This was one of those stories that would make its way through newsrooms for a long time to come, but never make it into print.
By the time Richard had finished telling his story, the first print emerged from the darkroom.
“It's gone, completely,” Dave said, shaking his head. “What happened?”
“Don't know,” Richard said, “but see those guys near the shaft?”
His pictures had come out clear, clean, and in full colour.
“Those aren't your army regulars. Check out the colour of their uniform.”
Those closest to the shaft were all wearing white jumpsuits, with a blue and red emblem. It was a blue oval-shaped design that had a red star in its centre. The photos also showed some soldiers in suits that could only be seen as useful in space or in an environment that was highly contagious and deadly to humans.
“Ohh, oh, oh,” Dave said, “that's beyond Special Forces. I know that symbol. I was the reporter that broke the story about the lab coming here, and one time when I was in Granger's temporary office, I saw a file folder with that on the cover. When Granger saw me noticing that, he put it away.”
Now, the whole newsroom was buzzing with curiosity.
*****
The Chronicle wasn't the only newsroom buzzing. At the TV station, reporters were scrambling for assignments. The headman, the owner, had actually come into the office this day. In spite of the evidence of turmoil in the streets outside and inside the studio, Mr. Charles Benson strode into that office perfectly attired and decked out. His hair was firmly in place, and in the style that he had dictated with the styling gel, and his clothes were unwrinkled, perfect in their co-ordination of style, texture, and colour. He was the perfect model of the television executive and such perfection was something Chas, as he liked to think of himself, had cultivated for a long time. Image was everything to him, and he didn't like the tiniest flaw to be part of his persona, even though the perfection shattered - always shattered - when Charles opened his mouth and spoke. From a six foot, 240 pound polished and buffed frame came a squeaky, whiny little voice that everyone laughed at. But not to Charles' face.
“Where's Max?” Benson asked, looking into the faces of those around him, checking for a reaction.
“Don't know, he went out on assignment yesterday....”
“I know, I sent him. You mean he's not back yet?”
Benson wasn't worried - he just wanted answers.
“I want somebody out there at that lab, now!” he ordered.
“Tried to get out there this morning,” Sally Robinson said. “Couldn't get through. There's a barricade up and soldiers everywhere.”
Benson sat down on the edge of the closest desk.
“What have we got so far?” he asked.
Sally, who had never been intimidated by Benson's manner or attire, ran down a list of sites they had footage on.
“Yea, this one row housing development, the back of one of the units was sheared off completely. No trace of it was left. The front of the house is still standing though, and we got film on streets that were destroyed. On some of the roads the pavement heaved: now they look like a pitched tent. There are others with holes so deep you'd need underground equipment to hit bottom.”
“Yea, yea, that's good, but there's gotta be something big out at Pitwell's Place,” Benson was more talking to himself than to the rest of the news staff.
“Hmm,” he said and picked up a phone. He listened for the dial tone, got it, and punched in a number. Everyone gave him space while he talked and made arrangements.
“Listen up, people,” he said as he hung up. “I've just hired a helicopter and I want a reporter and a cameraman out at the airport in twenty minutes. Sally, take Riggy with you. I want you back in three hours. We're going on the air then.”
He retreated to the luxury of his private office.
Sally was not looking forward to a helicopter ride. She wasn't afraid of flying, but she knew Riggy and his willingness to take whatever chance he needed to get the shot. She could just picture him hanging out over the edge of the helicopter's doors, dangling from an odd angle in order to get the perfect angle for the film. And she wasn't wrong in her fear. As soon as they got in the copter, Riggy refused to buckle up.
“Don't need it,” he shouted over the whirr of the blades to the pilot.
“Do it or you're out,” the pilot yelled.
“Then you can call my boss and explain why there's no 'film at eleven',” Riggy laughed.
The pilot turned his back on them, punched some buttons, and the copter lifted off. It was a short ride that took them over the city, and Sally watched as the devastation passed below; here and there some people's houses stood untouched while their neighbours were homeless. There's no pattern and no reason to what had happened, she thought.
As they passed the city limits, Riggy had his camera rolling.
Even from a distance and high in the sky, Pitwell's Place was an obvious and unavoidable landmark, but today the black and the grey of its skyline was broken by bits of moving colour and activity. As the chopper honed in on its target, the ants-in-relief on the ground became full-bodied human beings tracking the chopper's movement. Those lining the shaft pointed their readied weapons at the chopper, while others gave orders unheard by those in the helicopter.
Riggy leaned out of the door, pointed his camera directly at the shaft, sweeping back and forth slowly to capture the drama unfolding on the ground, while Sally was recording her comments into the microphone. They had a whole three full minutes, before the first warning shot whizzed by the chopper's open bay door. The pilot veered. Sally grabbed Riggy's belt a second before he began to tip a little too far outside for his shot.
“God damn it,” the pilot screamed, sweat starting to bead on his forehead. His brow wrinkled with fear and shock. He had never flown in a war zone, and had never expected to. The most urgent mission he'd ever flown was a child to a hospital down south. Getting shot at was definitely not in his job description.
A second shot followed, but by this time the pilot had turned the tail of his chopper, heading back to the safety of the airport.
Neither Riggy nor Sally gave any objections to the pilot's course correction. In fact, neither said anything at all until their own two feet had touched down on the tarmac of the landing pad. No one at the TV station would have believed Sally's story, but there it was on tape, and the sound of the gunfire was unmistakable in its clarity on the recording.
The story of the storm and its effect on the people of the city had become secondary to the question of what was going on at the observatory.

Chapter 11

As the blue light burned more intensely and clearly around the edge of the dome, Terry could see a dimly lit tunnel begin to emerge at the very epicentre of the heavy water. It didn't replace the water - it became the water. It seemed to be almost like a sponge gathering moisture into itself, growing with each engulfment. As it grew it gained definition and form until the tunnel itself was larger than the depth and breadth of Terry's camera lens or experience. She turned to look at the others in the control room. Nearly all had stopped what they were doing and watched as the tunnel grew. When she turned once more to look at the dome, the glass in the window had disappeared and the greyness of the tunnel seeped closer. She put out her hand, stretching her fingers tentatively, feeling the space where the glass had been, and felt a tingling that penetrated every part of her being.
The others in the control room began backing away from the windows overlooking the dome, tripping over garbage cans and bruising themselves on desks, trying to put some space between them and the creeping effects of the light.
There was complete silence from all those gathered. Jessie stood shock-still, watching with fearful and inquisitive eyes. She stepped up next to Terry and pressed her fingers against the grey that had once been a window. She too felt a connecting tingle that resonated in the very cells of her body.
The tunnel kept expanding, and as it did, the lab itself began to disappear; not in a wave of panic driven shouts or rubble causing explosions, but with a whisper and a breeze that came from nowhere and everywhere at once.
The last thing Terry saw was a small point of red light at the very centre of the tunnel, far off in what seemed to be an eternal distance.
*****
Max didn't see it coming. He was too busy trying to get himself up those stairs and out that door. With the dedication to self-preservation that only a vastly conceited individual could muster, he kept going until he felt something at his back. The neatly gelled and coiffured hair on his head came slightly unglued from the slick style he wore, frizzing like an alley cat's fur at the beginning of a back street brawl. It was such an unusual thing to happen to the mighty Max that he actually stopped for that part of a second that let the greyness overtake him. He couldn't see where it was taking him. He could only see where his steps would have taken him, and as that sight too receded into the shadow, he lost all sense of himself in perspective.
*****
Terry could see and feel nothing. She stretched out her arms, hands groping, trying to discover if there was something more beyond the veil of shadow she was in, and found only vagueness less dense than cold air. She could feel no pressure beneath her feet, shifting on them to test for a solid footing. She found none, but neither did she have the sense that she was either falling or floating. There was simply nothing to feel outside her body, nothing to hear except a slight whistle in her ear, and nothing to see through the gloom. She began to feel dizzy, and just before the red light began to grow in size at the centre of the tunnel she lost consciousness.
*****
When the blue lights had begun their frenzied dance, Elsie had braced herself against the desk across the room from the observation window, trying to put as much space as she could between her and whatever was about to happen. She knew that something was going to happen for a certainty, because, even though her understanding of science was minimal, she could read the expression on the faces of those in that room who understood it all too well. She reached out to take the arm of the person closest to her, but before she could make contact the shadow had eaten the space in between them. She felt terribly alone and terribly old. With a sense of resolve against the unknown that can only come with age and experience, Elsie waited for the shadow to take her. She began to recite the Lord's Prayer and accepted the absence of light as darkness swirled around her, completing an isolation that Elsie had never before known.
It seemed as though time did not exist anymore; she knew she was alive but where she was eluded her. She tried to put her hands up in front of her face to see if she could see them, but she wasn't sure that she had moved her arms at all. She knew she was still intact, but had no sense of control over arms that had sewn a million miles of thread into countless numbers of clothes, pillows, and quilts. She tried to move her legs, but again, although her brain sent out the message, it didn't receive a reply.
All she could do was think, until even that was taken from her, casting her into an oblivion as dark as it was deep.
*****
With a soft bump and a light thump, just as though the driver of the car had tried to stop a little too quickly, consciousness returned to the people in the control room. It was gentle in its attempt, but violent in its significance. Those not anchored against a strong jolt awoke to find themselves on the floor, and more than a few whitened knuckles still clung to whatever purchase they'd had before.
Granger was the first to speak.
“Do a head count, and check for injuries,” he ordered the person next to him, while he went to check on the dome itself.
Starr had remained at this desk throughout the entire event. He checked the readouts on his monitor and they were reading as though nothing had happened at all.
“All quiet on this front.” Starr said, “We're not even getting any damage reports from the dome.”
Granger looked down into the heavy water in the dome, searching for any sign that would give him a clue as to what had happened, or what might yet happen.
The water was as calm and comfortable in its dome as a sleeping baby in its crib - and no blue light reflected within it. There was no damage to the structure. Even the glass in the observation deck was in one piece, still in its frame, still doing its job, Granger thought.
He looked around the control room. There was only a smattering of debris; a coffee cup overturned here - there a pencil rack upside down on the floor, its contents strewn about. He could see there were few injuries to the people in the room, a few cuts, but nothing serious. He called Jessie over and assigned her a task.
“I want you to record everyone's experience. I want to know what they felt, when they felt it, what did they do, etc. There's a tape recorder in my office. I'll get it for you. I want this whole thing documented completely.”
He opened the door to his office and stepped in. Jessie was right behind him.
“Oh, my God,” Granger yelled. His eyes were riveted on the security monitors that gave the view outside the lab. 
He crossed his office in the fewest steps he had ever used, and stared into the screens. Blue light raced across them in an on-again and off-again pattern that moved in a synchronous wave.
Starr had reached the room seconds after Granger's yell, and could only stand and watch the dance of light outside.
I thought this might happen, Starr thought.
After a few minutes the light began to fade and the outside images began to come in clear. They saw a bright blue sky, the kind that only comes on cold winter days when the sun shines but doesn't warm. As Granger panned the camera to the ground outside, he was awe-struck by what he saw. Tall, green vibrant growths that spread as far as the camera eye could see. They were in a picture postcard perfect forest.
“Where the hell are we?” Jessie asked.
“Not where, when,” Granger said as he laughed a deep bellyful of pleasure.
“I knew it was possible, but I thought such a thing would be at least 20 years away and with a much bigger facility,” Granger said before he could stop himself.
“You see that forest? Well, before there was mining here, that's exactly what this place looked like. I'd say we've gone back in time at least one hundred years.”
“What?” Jessie was dumbfounded.
“Keep everybody out of here,” Granger ordered Starr. “The less they know the better off we are.”
Starr sighed.
“We're missing one person, the TV reporter,” Palo reported from the door of Granger's office.
 Before he could get the name out, he saw what the others were seeing. His mouth fell open as he approached the window.
“Find him,” Granger ordered, and Palo backed out of the room, eyes fixed on the window.
Bert followed the open door at the stairs and started climbing. He saw the camera first. It was lying in the corner of the landing, lens smashed, the tape spewing out of the cassette. He followed the trickle of blood drops up two more flights before he saw Max sprawled out on the stairs. His limp body lay still, arms stretched out as though he was a supplicant at the foot of a religious icon. Bert checked for Max's pulse and found a weak one.
“Well, buddy, you're alive at least,” Bert said. He turned Max over and checked to see if he was breathing okay.
With a gasp, Max awoke from the nightmare he had been dreaming, eyes wide open but not totally aware of his surroundings.
“What, what happened?” the words squeaked out of Max's mouth.
“Don't ask me,” Bert said, “I'm just the janitor. Come on, I'll get you back down to the control room. They should know what's going on.”
As Bert said this, he wasn't exactly sure if that last part was true. He had caught the look of surprise and awe that was on the face of those coming out of Granger's office.
*****
Granger waited until everyone was collected, accounted for, and seen to, if needed, before he addressed the group.
“I didn't believe it possible, but one of the theories that was part of the design of this facility was the possibility of travelling in time,” he said, and as though he were addressing an elite group of fellow scientists said, “and I've done it.”
He paused, almost as if he were waiting for the polite and subdued applause that he knew would have been accorded him by his peers. The blank looks of those around him brought him back to whatever reality the group had landed in.
“Look for yourselves,” Granger waved his hand towards the security cameras. “Pick a spot, any spot, and see what Pitwell's Place looked like a century ago.”
As the group gathered around the monitors, the silence was broken only by the occasional whisper of amazement. Granger, pleased with himself, panned the cameras to give the group a full circle view of what appeared to be an untouched wilderness. Most didn't believe their eyes. Such beauty was alien to them in the context they had come to accept as Pitwell's Place. Terry watched the unfolding scenes, looking for anything that would say that man had touched this place outside. There were no overhead lines, no bare spots in the front lines of the forest from what she could see, and no structures framed at right angles.
Nothing looks out of place here, Terry thought, except maybe us.
“There are no power lines out there,” Terry said out loud, stunned as she realized what she had taken for granted - the lights in the lab were still on, and everything was still running. She turned to Granger, demanded, “how come?”
“We have our own power source,” Granger answered.  “It's completely internal.”
 Starr nodded, explaining to the group that whatever had happened, the generating station that had been built for the complex had come along on this trip.
Terry muscled her way over to the monitor Jessie was watching.
“How is it possible?” she asked Jessie quietly.
“Well, in a very real sense, the blue light that we saw in the heavy water was technically travelling faster than the speed of light but that's supposed to be impossible for us to do.”
“So we really could have gone back in time,” Terry said.
“Yup,” Jessie said, smiling at the idea that she had just participated in the first provable time travel experiment.
Elsie just stood and watched the view from the cameras, filling her eyes with the sight of green they presented. She drew on it like a thirsty man might draw water from a well. From where she stood she figured that those trees had to be at least thirty feet tall, a good-sized growth that surely must have been left free to grow.
Was it, she wondered, what Pitwell's Place had been? She scanned as much of the area as she could, noticing layers upon layers of green and brown until something interrupting the pattern of the woods caught her eye.
“What's that?” she asked, pointing to an unnaturally collared spot near the horizon.
“Can't tell from here, but I don't think that colour of orange exists in nature,” Jessie said. “We'll have to go upstairs to the lobby to get a better look. Maybe even take a hike out there.”
“Is it safe?” Terry asked, “I mean how do we even know that we did go back in time, or that the air out there is breathable?”
Elsie answered the question from a simple and logical point of view. “I've never seen a tree like that grow without everything we need to live,” she said.
Granger paced the rooms of the lab, checking each security camera's view of this world. When he had exhausted the view from the lab, he organized a small party of technicians and started searching the entire complex, concluding with the front lobby.
He stared out the glass doors at the scene outside.  If only I could touch it, he thought. If only I could open those doors and step out onto this pristine wilderness. Starr interrupted his thoughts, an intrusion that set Granger on edge. He stared at Starr for a minute. The shadow from the light coming in through the lobby doors shaded his face and Granger gave in to one of the growing suspicions he had about this young man.
“The question I have, is why are we all in one piece?” Granger mused out loud. “Why didn't the lab just break apart?”
“What do you mean?” Starr asked.
“Just before I blacked out, I could feel the force of some kind of wind, a powerful wind, something that should have, at the very least shattered the glass and everything else that was breakable, but here we are - everyone's accounted for and the structure is sound.”
“Well, all I can do you is give you an educated guess,” Starr answered. “From the readouts I got downstairs, I think the only way it could have happened is if we somehow generated a kind of force field that kept us intact.”
The answer Starr gave was so simple in its effect, but spoke volumes about the background knowledge needed to arrive at the most obvious conclusion.
 “I don't know who the hell you are, but you're not just a computer programmer, are you?” Granger asked.
Before Starr could even ready a response, Granger continued.
“I know there was an aspect to this research and the complex that was never made public,” Granger said. “You know about it too, don't you?”
“You mean The Robin Project?” Starr held back a sneer.
“I was in on the planning. Hell, it was my research that drove it.” Granger said.
“What part did you play in it, and who do you represent?” Granger demanded to know.
“That I won't tell you,” Starr said, “but I do know the theories behind the project were sound and we're not in Kansas anymore.”
“So it's true. We have traveled back in time,” Granger said and the smugness in his voice was almost ugly.
“Don't know,” Star said, irritating Granger with his casual answer.
For once Granger felt out of the loop and just knew that ordering this person around wasn't going to work. He couldn't pull rank when he didn't know what the rank was.
“All right, where do we go from here?” Granger changed tactics.
“I'd like to do some exploring.” Granger looked at Starr for answers.
“I estimate that we probably have five days worth of power. The backup units have kicked in, and the whole generating station below was built with a storage capacity for just such an event.”
“Now, is this complex already set for a recall back through whatever we came through or by?” Granger really was asking now; his ego had been pushed aside for practical purposes.
“No. That we'll have to figure that out for ourselves,” Starr said.
As they stood there contemplating their options and their positions, Jessie and Terry, along with the other civilians, entered the lobby. When Granger noticed they had company, he glared at her.
“Sorry,” she said sarcastically. God he wants to keep the pecking order in line no matter what, she thought.
“Just thought you should know,” she said, “we caught a glimpse of it from the cameras below. There's something out there that doesn't look like it's part of the natural order of things,” she said.
Granger turned and stared outside, and a look of concern crossed Starr's face. They nearly tripped over each other as they followed Jessie.  
“We have to find out what that is,” Jessie said. “Right now would be a good time to have a pair of binoculars.”
Terry had been standing away from the crowd at the window, watching their reactions and recording their comments. She reached into her camera bag and pulled out her telephoto lens, swapped it with the one in the camera, and pushed her way to the window.
She looked through the lens, adjusting the focus until the orange colour came into view.
“My God,” she said, “there's people there!”
Before Granger could grab the camera, Starr put his hand on the strap around Terry's neck, lifting it over her head, and with the other one, grabbed the camera.
“Hey,” Terry yelled, “be careful with that you asshole.”
Starr pointed the camera, looked, and then nodded at Granger.
Granger stuck out his hand and took the camera.
“I count three, one adult two children,” he said, “but I don't see any movement.”
“We have to help them,” Terry said, and the look on her face said she wouldn't take no for an answer.
“I estimate they're about half a mile away,” Granger said.
Starr walked away from the crowd, quietly opening a door into a small office at the back of the lobby. He sat down at a workstation in that room, called up a screen that none of the other lab staff had ever accessed or seen before. Jessie saw him leave, and, determined not to be left out of anything, followed him into that room. Without invitation, she pulled up a chair beside him.
She watched, amazed at the data that was popping up on the monitor and even more surprised that Starr was reading the information as though it were a child's first book.
“Who are you?” Jessie asked. Starr waved her question away with his hand.
“I'm just making sure that the complex is in one piece, and we're not leaking anything in or out.”
*****
Everyone outside that room in the now-crowded lobby was guessing what the foreign object outside was, but it was Terry who made a final judgment.
“It's part of a house,” Terry said. “It looks just like a half of a house.”
There seemed to be general agreement on that, after Terry's camera had been passed, one by one, through the crowd. But no one moved, said, or did anything.
Granger walked over to the door, put his hand on the bar that opened it, and started to push it open. A flash of light accompanied his desperate scream. He let go and dropped to the floor, cradling his hand.
A red welt appeared on the palm of his hand, and the tips of his fingers bubbled from the burn.
“SHIT!” he screamed again.
Harvey grabbed the first aid box and treated the wounds.
At the sound of the scream, Starr and Jessie ran into the lobby. Starr muttered something to himself, and dashed back into the office. He punched in a command on the computer, waited for a minute until the computer responded ok, then went back into the lobby. He looked at the doors, wondering if he had accomplished anything.
“Anyone want to give it a try now?” Starr asked.
No one volunteered.
Starr took a look around the lobby, saw the metal piping on the back of the desk, and called Bert over to help him pull it off.
“The force field was still running when I touched it, wasn't it?” Granger asked.
“Probably,” Starr replied, “but I can't guarantee that it's shut off now. How would I have known?”
Starr and Bert gave one last effort-filled tug at the strip of metal and it creaked free of the last nut and bolt that held it in place.
Starr asked Elsie for the sweater she had draped over her shoulder and he took it, wrapping it around one end of the metal. He approached the doors carefully, touching the bare metal of the strip to the metal of the door. No sparks flew.
He cautiously touched his hand to the door. Again, no sparks flew, and he took off his jacket wrapped it around his free hand and pushed the door slightly open.
No sparks flew.
He pushed the metal rod as though he were expecting some opposing force through the opening in the door.
No sparks flew.
He pushed the door wide open, metal rod extending ahead of him, probing the outside like it was a vat of toxic waste, and cautiously stepped outside into the fresh air.
He took a few more steps and dropped the metal. He turned back towards the doors and motioned for them to follow. They all hesitated, looking at each other as if each was waiting politely for the other to go ahead.
Manners are ever so useful when self-preservation is at stake, Starr thought.
Spreading his arms wide he stepped lightly here and there, just to let everyone know it was safe.
The others followed, careful at first as though the very ground they stood on would give way. It only took a few small steps before they realized they truly were standing on something solid and unmoving.
By the time Granger made his way to the front of the pack, Starr had already climbed up on a boulder to get a better view and had pinpointed the location of the house.
“It's a small climb up to that ridge,” he said, “but it's going to be tricky.”
“Okay, I'll see if I can get some volunteers,” Granger said.
The only ones willing and capable were Bert and Harvey. Of all the people there only they had the workboats and the muscle to partially climb a mountain.
“I'm going, too,” Terry said.
Starr looked her up and down with as much sarcasm as his eyes could muster. She was a tiny little thing, all decked out in her denim and running shoes. She might be a force to be reckoned with in print, but he couldn't see it in person.
“You can't tell me what to do,” Terry said.
Bert and Harvey assembled as many of the necessities for the climb as they could scrounge from their locker and the lab. They dumped a pile of rope, some knives from the cafeteria, and a length of wire into a heap at the foot of Starr's boulder.
Harvey wound the rope around his forearm, forming it into a tight loop that he could carry over his shoulder. Bert tucked a few knives into his belt, and Terry packed her backpack with anything that seemed might be useful.
A bird high overhead squawked and the group stood still. As it passed in silent flight over them, the size of its shadow made them cringe; some ducked to the ground and more than a few ran for the cover of the lab. The only one left standing was Elsie. She watched the flight as though she were studying it, no fear in her whatsoever.
“It's gone,” Granger said as he emerged from the protection of the boulder.
“What else is out there?” Barb asked Bert, looking at him with fear in her eyes.
Bert wondered the same thing.
“If we've gone back in time, then depending on when back in time it could be anything,” Jessie said.
“It was just a peregrine falcon,” Elsie said, “a big one, a really big one, but just a falcon. They used to live around Pitwell's Place until there was nothing left for them to eat or anywhere for them to nest and they just disappeared.”
“But the shadow,” somebody stammered, “the shadow was so big.”
“If that thing had been interested in us, we wouldn't have seen its shadow,” Elsie laughed.
“The problem still is, what else is out there,” Granger said, “and what can we do about it if we look a little too much like a tasty bite.”
“There's some flare guns in the maintenance room, and some hard hats in the locker room. That's all that I can think of,” Harvey said.
When they had finally amassed as much as they could think they might need or what might be useful, the three set off in as direct a line to the ridge as the trees, the rocks, and slope would allow.
Two hours of moving forward and occasionally retracing steps led them to an impasse. Twice on their hike, the trees had stirred when there wasn't any breeze to move them. Both times, the three of them stopped, stilling themselves as best they could and waited for either an attack or the silence that told them it was okay to move on.
The last few feet between them and the ridge looked formidable. It stretched up nearly two stories and had a sheer glassy face. They could hear some moaning from the people on the ridge, and as uncomfortable as the sound must have been for those attempting the rescue, it was reassuring in its humanity.
“How good are you at climbing a tree?” Bert asked Terry.
“Don't I have enough cuts and bruises on me already?” she answered.
Bert and Harvey laughed.
“You're the smallest, no offence lady, but those trees over there are probably the only way up to this ridge, and while they sure are pretty, I don't think they'll hold me or my buddy.”
He pointed to a collection of fir trees sixty feet to the east of their position.
Terry could see the logic even if she didn't like it. She packed the rope in her backpack and got a hoist from Harvey.
The lower branches were solid and sure beneath her feet, and the needles were soft, almost caressing her legs as she climbed.
The closer she got to the top, the tighter she clung to the main trunk, pulling herself more and more, rather than relying on using the branches like a ladder. She reached up and felt hard stone. She pushed aside the branches and saw the edge of the ridge.
One more step up and I can get right on to the ridge, she thought.
She put her hand on the stone, trying to find something solid to hold on to, and when she felt a large block of stone in her finger’s grasp, she pulled to bring her body up and onto solid ground. Just before she let go of the trunk of the tree, the block moved and Terry started to slide down the tree. Soft needles became sharp pinpoints pricking at her clothing and her skin as she fell.
God, it's like pulling a Christmas tree through the front door top first, Terry thought.
As gravity kept pulling her downward to the ledge below, she reached out for anything solid, and found the trunk of the tree again, the rough bark chaffing her skin as she tightened her grip until her slide stopped.
“Whew,” Terry said, starting the climb upward again.
This time she overshot the top of the ridge so all she had to do was step from the tree to the rock. Only a few feet away stood the orange siding clad walls of half a house. The back was butted up against the face of the cliff, and where the interior dividing walls should have been it was open to the air, showing the two levels as though they were cutaways from an architect's scale model.
She searched for anything she could tie the rope to so Bert and Harvey could climb up, but found nothing that proved to be as solid as it looked. She pressed her hand against the wall that was still there, poking her head around it, calling out a friendly hello.
“Oh, thank God,” a tearful voice responded. “We're up here.”
Terry looked up to the second floor, but couldn't see anyone. Then she heard scratching noises from above.
“Just wait there. I'm getting some help for you,” she replied.
Terry went back to the tree she had climbed and fastened the rope to it and a large boulder on the ridge. She wrapped one end around her waist and called for Bert and Harvey to climb up.
Their climb was made easier by the rope, and by the time they both had made it up to the ridge, the voice from the wreck of wood that had once been a home was matched up to a face.
When the three approached the wooden wall, they saw the head of a child peering over the edge of the rail on what had been a staircase.
“Hi,” the girl said, and she smiled with the innocence that only a child in such circumstances could muster.
Bert and Harvey chuckled softly.
“We're going to get you down. Wow many of you are up there?” Bert asked.
“Just three. Me, my mom, and my wussy sister.” 
“Just shut your mouth Sarah,” May said.
“My name is May Stanton, and I'm here, though I don't know exactly where here is, with my twins Wendy and Sarah. We're not hurt, just scared.”
Sarah poked her head over the edge again, rolled her eyes in disdain, and made a face.
“Who are you?” May asked.
“Let's get you down first. We can introduce ourselves later, okay?” Terry said.
They strung some more rope from the upstairs hallway that had now become a balcony. Sarah was the first one down.
When her sister cried at the thought of climbing down the rope, Sarah sneered.
“See, I told you she was a wuss,” Sarah said.
May was the last to come down, and as she swung her legs over the edge of the second story, the walls gave slightly. She scrambled back to her feet and the farthest edge of the hallway.
“You're going to have to jump,” Harvey said. “The walls won't hold your weight.”
“I can't, I won't,” May said, tears welling up in her eyes, and fear taking hold of her body.
“We'll catch you,” Bert said, cajoling her, knowing that she couldn't climb down, and crossing his fingers that they could stop her from falling over the edge. They had almost six feet from the wreck of the house to the edge of the ridge.
“Just lay down on the floor, and move your body to the edge. If you do that, you can hang yourself over the edge; then you'll only drop eight feet. Hell, I've fallen 15 feet and didn't even crack a bone,” Harvey reassured her. He didn't mention that on that occasion he had knocked himself into next week and spent the intervening time unconscious.
“C'mon, mom, you can do it,” Sarah said, and Wendy started crying for her mother.
May sat herself down on the edge, rolled over onto her stomach, legs dangling in the air. She pushed herself closer to the edge until she began to slide down the wall until it was only her hands holding her in delicate balance. She closed her eyes, took a deep breath and let go of the wall.
When she felt the restraints of big burly arms holding on to her, she opened her eyes and breathed a sigh of relief.
Wendy attached herself to her mother's legs and cried. Sarah snorted and Terry stifled a laugh.
“We have to move it,” Harvey said. “We've got to get back before it gets dark.”
“Go where?” May asked. She had been too frightened to really take stock of where she was, and the small comfort afforded her of even half of the house she had long lived in was now woefully inadequate as she looked around the horizon. She was in a forest for crying out loud, she thought. 
“Where are we?”
“We'll explain later. First we have some more climbing to do,” Bert said.
He led the party back to the tree with the rope.
May gathered enough courage to look over the edge and quickly backed away from it, Wendy still attached to her leg.
“I'll go first,” Terry said, and Sarah claimed second spot.
“Wendy,” Harvey said, “I'll carry you down with me, okay?”
Wendy looked at her mom. May nodded her head, “Go on honey, it'll be okay.”
Once they were all on firm footing at the base of the ridge, they formed a line and headed back to the clearing where the lab was.
Along the way Sarah was just a bundle of questions and she didn't like answers that were designed for a child.
“Like, what happened?” Sarah asked. “There was this terrible storm and sissypants back there started to cry and then it all went quiet. When we woke up, we were here. Where is here anyway?”
Terry laughed. As they arrived at the clearing, she pointed to the lab and said, “this is where we are right now, but I'm still not clear where here is at all.”
Sarah gave Terry her best annoyed-looking face and marched straight up to the front doors of the lab.
Elsie had waited there until the rescuers had returned.
“May, my goodness it's you,” Elsie said. “Do you remember me?”
“Oh thank God. Somebody I know,” May said and she reached out and gave Elsie a hug.
Terry looked over at Sarah and raised an eyebrow.
“It's the seed lady,” Sarah answered Terry's unspoken question.
“What happened?” May asked.
“We're not sure, but we are going to find out. They've set up some food they found in the cafeteria. His highness himself is going to fill us all in,” Elsie said.
 Bert looked over as Barb entered the lobby. She was wearing an apron and Bert was about to say something about it, but stopped short when he saw the expression on her face.
“Get washed up and down to the CAF. We all need some food and Granger wants everybody there for a meeting,” she said.

Chapter 12

While the team had been out on their rescue mission, Starr and Granger shut themselves up in Granger's office. What they had to discuss was not for everyone's ears. The limited amount of facts they could count on would only have contributed to the growing sense of panic that was overshadowing the initial awe of being alive and landing in such a pristine wilderness.
“What do we know so far?” Granger started. “We're alive, and the lab is intact.”
“And we are in somewhat familiar surroundings,” Starr added. “This whole area we're in could be nothing but natural.”
“As we know it,” Granger added.
“I still can't believe it worked on this small scale so perfectly,” Granger continued, “It shouldn't have.”
“Well, you don't know the whole story,” Starr said. “I don't even know the whole story.”
“So who does know the big picture?” Granger asked.
Starr didn't answer.
He knew that his reworked computer program which stored some of the data coming from the dome to the power grid's data banks was probably the only reason that the lab still stood in one piece and why they were alive. It was an unanticipated bonus that he wasn't yet ready to share with Granger.
“Are you sure we've traveled back in time?” Starr asked.
“What else could it be?” Granger responded.
Starr didn't answer. He just shrugged his shoulders.
“Unless we're prepared to become the next Swiss Family Robinson, then we better figure out how to get back to where we were, from wherever the hell we are now,” Granger said.
“First we have to decide just what we're going to tell the rest of the group,” Starr said, wanting to move this discussion away from what he considered dangerous territory. He had already used his laptop to send a message but he had no indication that the SOS he had sent out hadn't gone somewhere. He was prepared to wait awhile before he panicked.
For the next few hours they ran computer tests based on a variety of models and prepared a short report for the group.
Starr and Granger were the last to enter the cafeteria and were pleasantly surprised to find a collection of food that they hadn't known was there. The main table held bowls of soup and hot noodles. Coffee and teapots steaming from their contents filled the room with a familiar aroma. A small plate held sandwiches, unwrapped from the plastic coating that had kept them fresh in the vending machine, which were cut into smaller pieces.
Bert eyed the sandwiches with ravenous interest. He poked Harvey in the ribs and whispered, “That would do fine if this was a ladies afternoon tea party, but I need real food.”
“Gee, do I have to raise my pinky finger to eat those?” Harvey responded, pointing at the delicate slices of sandwiches.
Barb punched both of them, “This is all there is, so be nice and share!”
When Granger's eyes fell on May and her girls, he went over to where they were sitting and plopped down beside them. The room quieted so that everyone could hear what they were talking about, even though Granger tried to keep his voice low.
“How did you get here?” Granger asked.
May looked around the room. Everyone was looking at her as though she had an answer.
“All I remember was a storm, then Wendy started to cry, so I went into the girls' bedroom. The storm got worse, there was all this lighting outside and then it got quiet and....”
“Yeah, Wendy was screaming about something coming, and then a pretty blue light flashed and, and, and then I went to sleep,” Sarah said, putting in her two cents worth.
“I woke up first, and I wasn't scared a bit,” Sarah said and added a “humph” for emphasis.
May looked at Granger. “That's about it,” she said. “Oh and before that final flash of light, I'm sure I heard some kind of explosion.”
“We didn't hear any explosions. Maybe that's why the lab's intact and your house isn't,” Granger was half musing to himself. It was time to bring everybody up to speed, at least the speed he had in mind. He pushed his chair away from the table and went to the centre of the room.
“We've been running some tests on the computer, and there are some things that we do know. First, as you all know, the lab is intact. That means that this structure is sound, the walls are all still standing, and we even brought the power source for the lab with us, and, as you can see, it is up and running. The lights are still working, and so is the air conditioning.”
“What kind of power source and how long will it last?” Bert asked.
“It's electrical, and we have batteries that have enough stored energy left for several days,” Granger answered.
“The heavy water in the dome is still there, and the dome isn't cracked or damaged in any way,” he continued. “Obviously the phone's don't work, and we can't get any radio signals. If there is anyone out there that is broadcasting using the airwaves, we aren't picking them up. Same thing with television.” Granger paused. He wasn't sure that the group would really want to hear or know the next part of what he had to say, but it was going to have to be said.
“Most of you, even those who work here, were unaware of the complete purpose of this complex.”
There was a general nervous movement from the people in the cafeteria as they shifted uncomfortably in their chairs. Some muttering could be heard, too low to make out the individual words, but loud enough to voice the uneasiness of everyone there.
“As far as the public was concerned, this facility was going to prove the existence of neutrinos by watching their interaction with heavy water. Neutrinos are tiny particles that exist almost everywhere and can pass through matter without affecting it, unless there are extra protons available for them to interact with. That's what happens in the heavy water, and the blue light tells us that they are doing just that.”
“Ghost in god's universe,” Terry muttered.
“Precisely,” Granger said to Terry, and she blushed because she thought she had said that to herself.
“However, the blue light also means something else is happening. The proton gets exited by the neutrino, and begins to move very quickly. This movement creates light waves and the proton begins to move so quickly that it can travel faster than its own light waves can travel in the heavy water. It's just like the sonic boom you hear when a jet travels faster than the speed of sound. The theory is that if you can travel faster than the speed of light, you can travel in time.”
“We believe,” Granger indicated himself and Starr, “that we have done that, traveled back in time. We didn't mean to, but we just might have.”
The hush in the room was complete. Everything stopped. Cups were balanced in hands that were frozen mid-way between the table and the mouth. Forks laden with food had stopped mid-air. No sound could be heard until a spoon was dropped, clattering against a soup bowl, slopping some of its contents on Elsie's lap. Terry grabbed some napkins and started to wipe it up. A clamour of questions simultaneously started a babble in the room that ended only when Granger ordered it.
“I know you have questions, but I don't know that we have any answers.” His voice trailed off to nothing as the doors to the cafeteria were swung wide open. A horde of uniformed people swarmed into the room, taking up positions surrounding the people at the tables. Bringing up the rear were ordinary human beings in ordinary business clothes.
As soon as the room began to flood with strangers, Bert and Harvey started to rise from their chairs, prepared if not to defend their friends, at least to protest the tactics of the invasion.
Gloved hands grabbed each by the arms, forcing them to sit back down.
Bert couldn't even turn around to look his enemy in the face, but he could and did notice the gloves on the hands that held him prisoner in his seat, and the hands of those intruders lining the walls of the cafeteria.
They don't have any guns, Bert thought, and they don't look like they're armed with anything, except an awful lot of muscle.
Harvey was also taking stock of the hands that held him in place. The only remarkable thing about them was a peculiar, and large, watch on top of those gloves.
If it is a watch, he thought. Most people wear those things underneath the shirt, not on top of the uniform.
It had two dials, each moving slowly, and the centre of the face was a round blob of something that looked metallic. Harvey caught Bert's eye and tapped his finger on his own watch. Bert knew what he meant; he had noticed the jewellery on their wrists too. 
Once the noise in the room had settled down to nothing, one of the intruders stepped up to the end of a long table, looked at each person seated, then nodded to the guards to relax. She scanned the room once more, and her eyes settled on Starr.
“Good to see you made it through, Mark, and how nice of you to bring guests,” the last person to enter the room said to Starr.
“What!” Granger's word was not a question, and the rest of the group gasped.
Before the words of surprise and confusion got out of hand, the woman who had addressed Starr asked for calm.
“Please, I know most of you don't know what is going on, but we are not here to hurt you in any way. We came to help. My name is Dr. Andrea Callum, and I am the head of the Beta Robin research and administration group,” the woman introduced herself to the group. “Mark Starr works for, and with, us.”
“The gentlemen in uniforms are here for your protection only,” she addressed this one to Bert and Harvey.
There was a significant pause as the group took stock of the uniforms, and Bert said out loud, “no weapons, at least none that I can see.”
“That's right,” Dr. Callum said. “The first priority is to move this lab to a safer place, and there is a team up in the control room doing that right now. You may feel some discomfort, perhaps a little dizziness, but I can assure you this ride won't be as bumpy as the last one, so just sit back and relax. Once we get to our destination we will debrief you and answer as many questions as we can.”
She turned and started to leave the room, stopped at the doors, turned back to the room, and motioned Starr to join her.
Granger tagged along.
Once the cafeteria doors closed behind Dr. Callum and her group, everyone left in the cafeteria started talking to each other softly, glancing at their guards with every second syllable of their hushed conversations to gauge how their guards were reacting.
Barb leaned over to Bert, “What do you think is going on? Did we go back in time, and now they're going to get us back home to our time?”
Elsie heard this and chuckled.
“Well, if we went back in time, I want my money back. I still have all the wrinkles that I earned during my eighty years of life,” she said, holding up her hands, showing off crinkled palms splattered with age spots.
The group at the tables chuckled. It might not be best the joke they'd heard, but almost any joke was an excuse to let go of some of the nervous tension they were all feeling.
With that, the talk became as loud as any normal conversation might have been in any cafeteria, except there were a lot more questions and suppositions than answers.
*****
For once in Granger's life he used his grey matter instead of the rank he believed himself to hold. He followed Callum and Starr, quietly listening for anything that would tell him what was going on.
“It was your modifications, at least that's what we think,” Callum said to Starr, and her tone was matter-of-fact.
“Look, my assignment was to control the experiment and the data in-flow. Look what I had to work with. This whole complex was a crude beginning for this experiment and where it could lead. It was like trying to build a car out of rocks and wood,” Starr answered. Granger noticed the deference in Starr's voice.
As politely as Granger could, he asked, “So did we go back in time?”
“Not exactly,” Callum said.
“Then where are we?” Granger asked.
“That answer will have to wait... ah... here we are, I suggest, Mr. Granger…”
Granger was insulted, “That's Dr. Granger, if you don't mind....”
“Sorry, DR. Granger,” Callum responded. “Please take a seat while we realign the wormhole.”
Aghast, Granger plunked down into the closest chair. “Wormhole?” he asked, and he looked at Starr. By this time Callum had moved on to Granger's office.
“Just wait. You'll find out soon enough, but it is all connected to your research. You don't know how close you were to a major discovery, or for that matter, how right you were in your theories. Unfortunately, you've never had the common sense that went along with breaking new ground - literally.”
Granger was about to start a whole new badgering round of questions, when Starr put his hand in the air, signalling for silence. Granger heard a soft whine, and could almost feel the static from the computer screens as they lit up. But in the time it took for the computers to link up with each other and hum into activity, he became too dizzy to think about anything except what he had just eaten, wondering if his lunch would stay where he had put it.
He wasn't alone. The rest of the group in the cafeteria all felt the same thing, wondered the same thing, all except of course for Sarah.
As the full force of the effect of whatever was being done in the control room took over, she let out a long protracted “wheeeeeeeee,” laughing and giggling while her sister Wendy was throwing up the soup she had just swallowed.
Elsie held out against the dizziness for as long as she could, and when she lost consciousness, her head made a dive for the table. Harvey, head reeling and vision blurred, grabbed her a second before her nose met the teacup on the table.
*****
When Bert opened his eyes, all he saw was a stark white ceiling. He tried to push himself up on his elbows to raise his head to look around. He was lying in a hospital bed, unsure of just how he got here, and began checking himself for wounds. He wriggled his toes to make sure he still had them; he put his hands in front of his face, turning them this way and that to make sure his fingers still added up to ten. They did.
He turned his attention to the other beds in the room. Still bodies that barely stirred under the sheets that covered them occupied each bed. 
Their heads aren't covered up, he thought. They must all be alive.
He tried to roll over on his side to get a better view, and the dizziness struck again. He fell back flat on the bed, clumsily, hitting his hand on the side rail of the bed. He took a few deep breaths while he stared at the monochrome ceiling above him. He tried to sit up again. This time the dizziness was beginning to become just an unpleasant memory.
He swung his legs over the side of the bed that didn't have a rail, and placed two very unsteady feet on the floor. As he shifted his weight to his legs, they wobbled, threatening to give out, but he stood the ground he had gained, forcing his body to respond to the commands of his brain until he finally gained confidence in his body once more.
There had to be at least a dozen other people lying in their beds in this room with him. He looked around the room carefully, his gaze finally resting on the door. The distance between him and it seemed to be longer than the last mile a condemned man would have to walk to his execution.
He put one foot ahead of the other and walked to the next bed. He wasn't sure who it was, but he knew it was one of Granger's technicians.
He tried the next bed, and the next one after that, searching the row for a friendly face.
Six beds down he found Terry. She was already starting to stir. As he went to place his hand on her shoulder, she started spewing out the worst curse words that Bert had ever heard, and her hands, arms and legs thrashed at an unseen enemy.
“Whoa, whoa,” Bert said as he grabbed her arms in self-defence. “You know me. It's Bert, remember? Open your eyes, Terry.”
At the sound of her name, Terry opened her eyes wide. They were full of terror, as though they were assessing an unseen situation for a flight or fight response.
“Terry, it's Bert,” he said again, and she focused on him. As she did, her body relaxed.
She looked around the room, “Where are we now?” she asked and demanded at the same time.
“God knows,” Bert said, “but my guess is a hospital. It looks like there's more than a few of us in here.”
Before they could rouse any of the other 'guests' the doors to the ward opened and Granger, Starr, and Jessie strolled in. Behind them came Dr. Callum, and before the doors swung shut, Bert could see two uniformed soldiers in the hall. Soldiers was the only way Bert could think of them, even though from what he could see they still weren't carrying any weapons.
“Before you ask,” she looked straight at Bert, “you are in the central complex of the Beta Robin Research Group. We had to bring you here to make sure you were okay, medically. How do you feel?”
Bert looked at Callum as if she was crazy.
“How do you think I feel? I don't know where the hell I am, I don't know for sure who the hell you are and as far as this, this...” he pointed at Granger, Bert's anger overflowed his civility, “this fucking asshole, the only thing I want to feel is my fist in your face.”
Granger took two steps back as Jessie moved away from his side.
She suppressed a giggle, thinking that she just might have paid money to see Bert get his wish.
The uniforms outside the door took a step toward the room, but Callum waved them off.
“Why don't you check everybody in this room to see if they're okay?” Callum suggested.
Bert helped Terry to her feet, and then did exactly that.
Harvey had a bruised bump on his hand, and Barb had a sore shoulder. May's only concern was for Wendy and Sarah who were nowhere in sight.
“Where are they?” She turned to Bert as though he were the only one who could help.
“They'll be along soon,” Callum said. “Children are so adaptive and they recover so quickly we decided to give them a tour.”
Elsie woke as though from a peaceful afternoon nap, a little groggy but somewhat refreshed. She didn't exactly leap from her bed, but the steps she took had some spring in them.
Max was still deep asleep, and from the sound of his snoring, would stay that way for a while.
“He's going to be out longer than the rest of you. He was injured during the first trip,” Callum explained. There was no warmth in her voice, no smile on her face.
God, these bigwigs are nothing but clinical, Terry thought.
“And where would this complex be located?” Terry asked Callum. “Are we close to Pitwell's Place?”
“Yes and no,” Callum said.
Harvey took a step towards Callum, but Bert put his hand on Harvey's chest and kept him from following through on what must have been pure instinct.
“Do you know anything at all for sure?” Elsie asked. “Even the devil himself would give a body an answer. Probably wouldn't be the right answer mind you, but he would give a yes or no.”
Callum blushed, and looked over at Granger as if to say these are your people, almost asking with her expression for him to fill in the gaps.
“There's a lot you don't know about what we've done,” Granger started.
“Tell us something we don't know,” Bert said.
Jessie stepped into the small gap between Granger and the rest of the group.
“You need some orientation and we are going to give you some, but first we have to get you clothed, fed, and stationed. If you follow me we'll get started,” she said, pushing Granger and Callum to the side, ushering the group through the doors of the ward.
*****
Beyond the doors there was another world entirely. The complex took on a different atmosphere. Where the ward had been pristine and pure white with the only source of light being huge overhead fixtures, the very next room was a monument to open space design and natural light. Huge windows lined the hallway to the housing section and through these windows masses of flowers, trees, and an expansive green lawn could be seen.  A light breeze from the outside wafted in through vents, carrying the delicate scent of lilacs down the hall to the visitors.
Elsie noticed it first and stopped, almost toppling the rest of them behind her like dominoes.
“Can you smell them?” she asked.
They all paused for a moment and sniffed the air, appreciating the familiar aroma of something natural.
When they turned the corner at the end of the hall, they entered a glass-enclosed tunnel that led to the living quarters. With blue sky above them, and green below, the visitors relaxed in this somewhat familiar setting.
They were each shown to a small room that contained all of the necessities to live; a full washroom, a bed, a cupboard and a desk with a computer on it.
“There are fresh clothes in the closets,” Jessie said. “We had to guess at your sizes. You have one hour to settle in, maybe take a shower and we'll meet in the common room. Just follow the yellow stripe on the floor - you can't miss it.” Jessie led each to a door, helping those who wanted help settling in to their new quarters.
Harvey closed his door and checked out the accommodations. It all looked pretty comfortable until he decided that he needed a shower and a change of clothes. The towels were standard, but the only things hanging in his closet were clothes that only an orderly would feel comfortable in. 
But they are clean, he thought, and within fifteen minutes he had showered, changed, and was on his way out the door to do some exploring.
Bert had just beat him to it.
“I see we have the same tailor,” Bert chuckled, and as, one by one, the rest of the group joined them in the hall, apparently so did everyone else.
“Well, I guess we follow the yellow brick road,” Elsie said, as she started down the hall, following the yellow stripe on the floor.
The common room was wide and long, with sunlight streaming in from the huge windows that filled up every wall. The room was sectioned off with small couches and chairs arranged in groups that could accommodate everything from an intimate pair to a dozen or more people at a time.
Barb walked over to a set in the far corner, and the rest of the group followed her lead.
“I think we can talk here,” Barb said, “privately.”
Harvey spied some vending machines in the middle of the room. “Anybody want anything?” he asked.
Only the ladies had their purses with them, and they pooled their change to see how much they could get.
“You and I can share a drink,” Elsie said to Wendy.
Wendy had yet to say a word. She just stared at everything wide-eyed, and for some, it appeared she wasn't completely there. Her sister Sarah was just the opposite. When the twins had been reunited with their mother, Wendy had been all hugs and tears, Sarah was nonchalant.
“I want a pop,” Sarah ordered, and May was too distracted to countermand that request with one for juice.
Harvey and Bert, laden with change, went to get their orders.
“I don't recognize any of the names. They look like soda pop but I don't know what to choose,” Harvey said.
“Just put the money in and pick one,” Bert said.
Harvey looked for a price but couldn't find one. Oh well, he decided, I'll just keep putting in change and pressing buttons until I get something, he thought, as he searched for a coin slot. He checked the machine up and down, sideways and back, but couldn't find a coin slot.
“Bert, there's no place to put the coins,” he said.
“There's gotta be,” Bert answered as he checked up, down, and sideways on the machine. He couldn't find one either.
Frustrated, he punched one of the buttons that he assumed would register his selection, and from the hole at the bottom of the machine came something resembling a can of pop.
“Guess it's my lucky day,” he said as he punched another button.
Without inserting any coins at all, Bert and Harvey returned to the group with an armful of drinks and some sandwiches from another of the machines.
“Didn't cost a penny,” Bert said. “Couldn't even put in a penny if I wanted to.” Bert wasn't the kind of person who could rip off a vending machine and feel good about it, and when Callum and Jessie showed up, it was the first thing he told them about.
“We don't use money here,” Callum explained.
“Must be nice to have everything for free at the taxpayer's expense,” Terry said. “I wouldn't mind having a perk like that, too, especially considering I'm one of the taxpayers.”
“No,” Callum said, “you don't understand. Nobody uses money here.”
“Oh well, that's even better,” Terry said sarcastically, “and I suppose you don't even have to account for your spending to any government body, let alone the people who pay your salary. You people live in a world of your own, don't you?”
Callum sighed. Forcing a tone of patience into her voice. “We might as well get it over with.” She turned to Jessie, inviting her to step into the conversation now.
“There is no money used here, or anywhere on this world,” Jessie said. She paused to see what kind of reaction she was getting and nervously looked at Elsie. This was going to be the shock of her lifetime.
“We're not on the earth we came from. This is another earth entirely, similar but not the same.”
Elsie's hand went immediately to her chest, and she began to gasp. Terry was dumbfounded - the shock left her numb. Barb grabbed Bert's arm, and Harvey got to his feet, demanding an answer to a question he couldn't even form in his mind.
“Cool,” Sarah said.

Chapter 13

Max opened his eyes slowly and carefully, recognizing the hospital bed for what it was. He was still a little dizzy and weak, but as he steadied his gaze along the length of his body, he knew that nothing was broken. Having decided where he was, Max began to search his memory for clues, trying to figure out how he got here. He recalled falling down some stairs; and, in the slow motion replay of his memory, he watched as his camera eluded his grasp, turning end over end until it met the wall and the lens did a waltz in one direction while the body of the camera fell apart, marking its demise with bits of plastic that seemed to float to the ground.
“Oh God,” he said out loud, “there goes ten grand.”
He sat up and took stock of where he was.
“This has got to be the most bland hospital I've ever been in,” he said to the empty room. They sure as hell didn't spend any money on the decor, he thought. Government cutbacks, he concluded.
He got out of bed, and, as soon as he did, he saw the light at the end of the bed start to blink. A soft beeping tone filled the room. As quickly as he could, he walked over to the door and looked through the window to the hallway on the other side. He jerked his head back when he saw a man in uniform outside, and a gaggle of people coming down the hallway towards his door. He didn't see who was there, but he was pretty sure none of them had a familiar face.
He positioned himself to the side of the door, guessing and hoping that if they opened inward, he could hide himself behind them.
It didn't work.
As soon as the door opened, the leader of this pack stuck her head around the edge of the door, and welcomed him to the facility.
“And how do you feel today?” she asked.
She, as Max soon learned, was medic Anne Johnson, not a doctor and not a nurse but something in-between; the explanation Johnson gave Max was not enough for him to understand the subtlety or the difference.
“Where am I?” he asked.
“At the Beta Robin Complex,” Johnson answered, “but the real question is how are you feeling?”
“Fine,” Max answered, drawing out the word.
“Well, when you came in here, you had some bruising and we were concerned about the lump on your forehead. You had a slight concussion,” she said, paused, “and a few other things to fix.”
The word fix penetrated Max's mind like a knife and he immediately looked down his body, his hands automatically positioning themselves in the classic male cover up position.
“Not that,” Johnson said.
“Uh,” Max replied, blushing slightly.
“Don't worry. You are better now than when you came to us, and the rest of your group is waiting for you in the lounge. Miller here will show you to a room, get you a change of clothes, and take you to your friends.”
Max wasn't sure he liked the sound of being better than before because to his way of thinking, better and before were concepts that were highly subjective in the world of advertising dollars he lived in. But before he could begin a line of questioning to determine those definitions, the rest of the medics left, leaving a solemn Miller waiting for him, impatience clearly written on his face and in the way he stood.
*****
Granger had stuck like glue to Starr from the moment they had arrived at the complex, demanding answers. As far as he was concerned, they were too few and far between to be of any use to him. Starr's irritation began to show.
“We've called a meeting of the board and you can talk to them,” Starr said. “I am not authorized to tell you any more than I have.”
“Keep in mind, you are not my boss,” Starr said, and walked away from Granger, disappearing into a room. Granger stood there for a moment, looking up and down the hallway. Only momentarily did Granger resent Starr's latest snub, because he realized that if Starr was out of the way, he was free to do some exploring.
He spent the hours waiting for that meeting of the board, poking into every nook and cranny of the building that he could gain access to. He found one whole section locked to him, made a mental note of where it was and what kind of locks were used to keep him out, and continued his wanderings, eventually making his way to the lounge where the civilians from his group were waiting.
“Callum just left,” Jessie said to Granger.
“I know. I waited until she was gone,” Granger said. “I have had just about enough hints and innuendoes about what happened and where we are.”
“Is it possible?” Jessie asked, not really expecting an answer. “Are we on another earth? I mean I listened to what she had to say, but there's still a lot of blanks to fill in.”
“They haven't told me the how yet,” Granger said, “and until I know that, I can't say.”
“For me, I'm looking at some kind of conspiracy, some kind of government project that they don't want anyone to know about,” Terry said, “and that scares the hell out of me.”
Terry noticed Elsie wince at the use of the word hell and made a mental note to watch her language in front of Elsie.
Just then Callum, Starr, and a group of uniforms entered the lounge. Even though their uniforms weren't brown, and they didn't wear jackboots, Elsie's memories overlapped this moment with images of uniforms that brought terror and death to her world in the name of racial purity. She was truly and totally afraid. She whispered a prayer that only Barb and Bert could hear. Barb reached out and took Elsie's hand, whispering back, “Don't worry, we're here with you, and we won't let anything happen to you.”
Callum and company pulled up some extra chairs close to where the visitors sat. She cleared her throat and everyone went silent.
“Now that we have you all here, let me give some explanations,” Callum started.
“First of all, this isn't the earth that you know, but is, in every sense of the word, an earth,” she said.
“Parallel worlds?” Terry asked sarcastically. “Even I know that possibility belongs to sci-fi writers.”
“We are not parallel with your earth, but we do occupy much the same space and time that you do. The sun that shines down on your earth, shines down on us as well.”
“I know it can't be another dimension,” Granger said, “because if it was, then none of our sensory organs would work properly. We would only be able to see a fraction of you and everything else here.”
“You're both right. It is not a parallel world or another dimension. Think of this world as being out of phase with yours. As you all probably know, nothing is completely stationary. Even in the densest, hardest piece of rock, the atoms that make up that rock are moving. When certain atoms are present and move at just the right speed and vibration - you get rock. Change the atoms, their speed, or vibration and you would have something else - like grass. But at the sub-atomic level there is a speed, rotation, and vibration that is common to everything in your world. We have the same thing here, except it's not on the same frequency,” Callum said.
“You mean like being able to tune in to different radio stations with one radio?” Elsie asked.
“Very much like that,” Callum agreed, surprised at Elsie's clarity of understanding. 
“So how did our frequency change, and how come I'm not something else now that I'm here?” Terry asked.
“And how did we get here?” Jessie asked, and she gave a long glare in Granger's direction.
“You all know that the neutrino observatory is the why, but there is something else that let you come through. Believe me, we tried to control that experiment because we feared something like this would happen. That was Mr. Starr's task,” Callum said and she couldn't prevent the frown.
“Neutrinos are virtually the smallest particle known to us. They bombard matter and seemingly pass through it unless they are directed to do something else. The lab itself seems to have done the directing here. Normally, a neutrino, when it meets matter, simply travels through whatever it encounters by passing through small wormholes at the sub-atomic level.”
Granger gasped, and Jessie was as wide-eyed at this revelation as the day she had started work at the lab.
“What's a wormhole?” Sarah asked. When the word worm had been mentioned, she began to wriggle in her seat.
“A wormhole is a place where time and space have no meaning. It is a place that doesn’t follow the rules that we use for time and space,” Callum paused. “In our worlds, the sun rises, you get up out of bed and live a whole day one second after another until it's night-time and you go to bed again,” she explained to Sarah, using terms she felt the child would understand.
“And once that day is over, then a new day starts all over again,” Callum looked at Sarah to see if she was getting this, “and you can never go back and relive that day.”
“In wormholes, there is no day and night. It is outside of time and space, and can't be measured in inches and feet.”
“So that's it,” Granger said. He got to his feet and started pacing up and down the floor.
“When we switched it on, we must have somehow focused a stream of neutrinos that tried to go through a wormhole. But, in this case, there were too many at once, so the wormhole grew bigger, big enough to take the whole complex through, and because there was so much energy being released from the D2O, it swept us along like a raft without oars in rapids.”
Granger sounded positively pleased with himself. Accidental discovery was just as good as deliberate breakthroughs as far as he was concerned. His experiment had been designed to test time travel on a limited basis. Never had he expected anything on this scale.
“Wait a minute,” Jessie said. “There have been other experiments underground, a few using D2O, but still experiments all the same. Why did this one do what it did?”
“We're not sure,” Callum said, and Starr interrupted her.
“I think,” he said, “the difference was that somehow this lab focused a large number of neutrinos. That, and the fact that a sunspot erupted at the same time the lab was turned on to full capacity, at least that's how we believe it happened the first time.”
“The first time?” Max asked.
“That's how this world was created,” Callum said, and she shot an angry look at Starr. They had all agreed that information sharing with the visitors was going to be minimal, only as much as they had to.
“We are still working out the why this time, and when we know we will tell you,” Callum said as she looked around the entire group, “all of you.”
“In the meantime, I want you to be patient with us, and the entire complex is at your disposal. Master Menlow,” she indicated one of the people she had brought with her, “will take you on a tour of the complex or anywhere you want to go.”
Callum got to her feet, indicating that this session was over.
As Master Menlow took over the conversation with the group, Granger, Jessie and the technicians from the lab got up and followed Callum to the door.
“We want to see the science and the labs here,” Granger said. “Now I realize,” and he lowered his voice to a low oily drawl, “that there's probably a lot of this world you don't want to show the civilians,” he jerked his thumb towards the group seated with Menlow. “After all, they aren't capable of understanding the science at work here, but we want to see the real stuff.”
Jessie wasn't the only one to take offence at Granger's words or his tone of voice. Callum turned on her heels. Her eyes glinted like gray steel in sunlight and her mouth formed a tight bond, keeping an expression of disgust-filled anger off her face. While Jessie made note of her reaction, Granger seemed oblivious.
“We want to debrief you, too,” Callum clipped each word as she spoke it. “After all, something that you did went terribly wrong.”
She turned her back to Granger, and started down the hallway. Each step was clear and deliberate, resounding with the force of her anger that, step by step, she channeled to the floor.
*****
Master Menlow put the case he was carrying on the table in front of the visitors.
“Now I'm usually good with names, but we haven't been properly introduced, so if each of you will just tell me your names and a little bit about yourself,” he said.
“I'll start with me,” he continued, “I'm called Master Menlow, but my first name is Arthur. I was born in the first quadrant.”
“Quadrant?” Terry asked.
“Later I'll take you to the library, and you can get an overview of this world. I am an information specialist of the Master order. I don't know what the equivalent would be on your world.”
“Does it mean you went to school for a long time and had to pass a whole bunch of test?” Sarah asked.
“Precisely,” Master Menlow said, and he chuckled. He had noticed that this young one tended to go right to the heart of things.
“I'm Sarah,” she said and reached out, grabbed her sister, pulling Wendy's head close to her own until the girls' faces were squashed together cheek to cheek.
“See, we're twins, we look alike, but we sure don't think alike,” Sarah, said.
“Twins? Umh, we don't have any twins here at all,” Master Menlow replied. “In fact,” he continued as the door to the lounge swung open and a group of young people crowded into the room, followed by just enough adults to keep the group in tow, “we have some people your age who would like to talk to you and your sister about where you come from. Does that sound like fun?” He looked at May who had sat silent, huddled as deeply into the cushions of the sofa as she could, arms around Wendy protectively.
“If you and your sister and your mother want, they can show you around,” he invited May with a tilt of his head and a question in his eyes.
May was fearful, and Wendy was reluctant, but Sarah was already up on her feet and moving towards the group of children.
“C'mon,” she said to her mother and Wendy, “I don't think they'll bite.” And Sarah was off, with or without them.
While they were waiting for the room to clear and quiet down, Harvey got up from his chair and paced back and forth in front of the window. The outside looked as inviting as those annoying postcards you get from friends who have gone somewhere fabulous for a vacation and just have to send you something to show you just what you were missing. He always thought that “wish you were here” line on those postcards was one of the biggest pieces of bullshit. Well, he didn't wish to be here either and at this point would have traded places with one of several of those senders.
How could Granger have done this to us? He asked himself. He put us all at risk and for what? Just to prove he was right, Harvey answered his own question.
But it could have been worse, he almost said aloud. That view from the window was inviting and he decided he was going to check it out. He placed a hand on the glass pane and the whole pane went deep blue and across it in white writing flashed the words, “a fatal error has occurred, please press reset.” Harvey jumped back in surprise.
Elsie jumped to her feet and moved away from the window, but Terry just chuckled. She had seen a screen like that before. It usually happened when she asked her computer to do something it didn't want to do.
“It's okay,” Master Menlow said as he opened a panel at the base of the window, “it's a computer generated hologram.”
“So it's all fake,” Bert said. He wasn't asking.
“It depends on what you call fake,” Master Menlow said. “That forest you saw through what you believed to be a window is real. It exists, and I can take you there if you want.”
“Why don't you show us what is outside that wall?” Terry asked, crossing her arms across her chest.
“If that's what you want,” Master Menlow replied. He opened another panel below the first one, pressed some buttons, and a gray wall filled the space formerly occupied by the forest.
“That's what's on the other side of this window - the wall,” he said, “and I'm sure you think the forest was a lot nicer to look at.”
“Why the charade?” Max asked.
“First of all, it wasn't a charade,” and Menlow's displeasure at the use of that word showed clearly on his face. “The people who regularly use this room prefer to have something nice to look at, especially if it represents something of home to them. That forest is in the quadrant I was born in. I grew up only five miles from there.”
“All the windows in this complex are made like this one,” he explained. “It allows us to customize our workspace and make it friendlier.”
“Why not have the real thing then?” Elsie asked.
“Because it just doesn't make sense to cut down a whole forest to make room for a building and then replant a few trees. Why if we did that, we would eventually cut down all the forests and ruin the ecology of the entire planet.”
Menlow was confused both by the question and the blank look on the visitors' faces to the answer he had just given.
“This building, in fact all buildings, are made out of a compound that can be shaped and formed to whatever style we want. It's light and portable so we build in areas that have been cleared by natural forces or where few things grow. This complex is actually in the middle of one of our desert regions.”
“So, nobody lives in a natural setting, or in houses made out of wood?” Terry asked.
“No, only the World Board Offices are built in places like this, and there are towns and cities across the world, but they are limited in size, and the people who live there have to live there in order to do the work they do. People like me, who work for the Board, live in complexes like these.”
“And we don't use wood to build houses with,” Menlow turned to Terry. “ It's probably the most inefficient material for that. Wood rots, and it can be turned to dust by termites. There was a time when wood was used, a long time ago, but when this world put its collective mind into finding an alternative construction tool, it came up with this.” Menlow tapped the wall lightly with his hand. There was a soft thud to each contact. From Barb's vantage point, she was almost positive that the wall gave slightly under his hand.
“It doesn't need to be insulated against the weather, and when we want to move or add another building, we can just take it with us or add another section on to it.”
Barb got up and walked over to a wall. She placed her hand on it and felt a weak vibration. As she pushed, she confirmed her suspicions - the wall did give slightly, rebounding when the pressure from her hand was removed. The wall felt smooth, clean, almost silky to the touch.
“Like a baby's bottom,” Bert answered her unspoken comments as he, too, tested the wall.
Barb was taken aback. That's exactly what she had been thinking, she thought.
Master Menlow smiled. These two visitors will fit in nicely, he thought.
“So what else is new about this 'New World',” Max asked snidely.
“I think it would be best if we took you to the library,” Master Menlow answered, not responding to Max's tone of voice. “It will be much easier to show you, rather than tell you. If everyone is finished with their snacks, we can go right now,” Master Menlow said.
Elsie got up from the couch and collected the wrappings from the food they had eaten. She filled her hands as full as she could and looked around for a garbage can. Barb cleared the rest of the table, following Elsie's lead.
“Bring it over to this counter,” Master Menlow said, “and just place it in this container,” he said, indicating what looked like a microwave to the visitors.
There wasn't enough room to accommodate all of the garbage, so Elsie placed the left over pile on the counter next to the machine.
“Stand back a little,” Master Menlow said. “This is how we dispose of used items.”
He pressed a button on the side of the machine. It began to whirr. There was a bright flash of light, a trace amount of smoke, and the garbage disappeared. Everyone oohed out loud. He emptied Barb's hand of trash and repeated the procedure.
“What is it, a supersonic garbage disposal?” Harvey asked.
“In a sense,” Master Menlow replied. It was one of the gadgets of this world that he knew his visitors had never seen before.
“I know,” Harvey said, “it vaporizes the trash, and it's gone forever.” Harvey was delighted because he had read about things like these, and just knowing about such machines made him feel more comfortable with the group of people he had been thrown in with. He beamed with pride and self-confidence.
“It doesn't exactly vaporize; it atomizes,” Master Menlow said. “The compounds and molecules that were made to form these containers were split and reduced to their individual identities. They were also sterilized so now they can be reused.”
Science fiction meets science fact, Terry thought, and when she saw the deflated look on Harvey's face, she felt sorry for him. Master Menlow's words, while softly spoken and gently said, had hit Harvey's inner core harshly.
Master Menlow saw it, too.
“Actually, Harvey, is it?” and Harvey nodded, “you seem to be quite well read about things that your world doesn't have yet.”
Harvey's self-confidence bounced to the surface of his face again.
“Well, it's not that I know anything. It's just that I've read about things that could happen,” Harvey turned to Bert. “I know you don't like those papers that I read, but sometimes, just sometimes, there's a grain of truth in their stories.”
“And grains of truth become stalks of wheat that feed the body and nurture the mind,” Master Menlow said.
The visitors looked at him questioningly.
“It is an old expression on this world. It dates back to when this world was formed, and part of the lore we teach our young,” Master Menlow explained, as he led the group out of the lounge towards the library.

Chapter 14

As the group of exuberant, and somewhat noisy, children were led down the hallway with Sarah nearly smack dab in the centre of the crowd, May could hear Sarah laughing and talking over the hub of noise children in a group always make.
She fits in anywhere, May thought. Like a bright scarf brings colour to a plain black suit, she brings energy with her, and nobody's immune to Sarah's contagious quality of zest. The envy that swept through May right then bothered and upset her. May could never remember being so carefree and brave in the face of what life can dish out. Life had etched its cares on May's face and chiselled its weight into her soul.
She looked down at Wendy, walking beside her, hand grasping tightly to May's, step after step, careful and quiet.
Did I do that? May asked herself. Did I make Wendy into what she is, or was that already decided when the egg split in two?
One of the adults supervising the group noticed May and Wendy lagging behind. She slowed her pace until May and she were walking side by side.
“Hi, I'm Sandra,” she introduced herself with a friendly smile, not too broad and not too small.
“See the redhead over on the left?” Sandra looked at May.
Wendy scanned the group, found the girl, and nodded.
“That's my Cindy,” Sandra said, “and I'm just so proud of her. You know there was a time when Cindy was so shy that she wouldn't join in anything.”
“Oh?” May said, and her uneasiness in where this conversation was likely to go showed on her face.
“It's okay,” Sandra leaned close to May and spoke quietly, “I can see that Wendy is a little overwhelmed. She's like that a lot, isn't she?”
May could do nothing more than nod as they walked behind the group, matching each other's steps stride for stride.
“So was Cindy,” Sandra said.
May watched Cindy as she mingled with the other children, listening and talking when she had the chance, which wasn't often because Sarah was jumping into almost every conversation going on around her.
Wendy peeked around her mother to get a good look at the woman she was talking to. She scowled.
Humph, she's just like everybody else here, Wendy thought. One of Wendy's hidden attributes was a questioning mind and a keen sense of observation that she rarely shared with others.
They're all nearly perfect, Wendy thought. They're all slim and trim, she concluded as she scanned the crowd. Yup not a fatty in the bunch.
Ooh, that was a mean thing to think, she thought. Immediately she remembered about Cammy, from her class back home. She knew how Sarah and a few others had teased Cammy about his weight. She also knew just how bad Cammy felt when they did that. She shivered involuntarily at the memory and the thought she had just had about these people.
“What's wrong, Wendy?” May asked, stopping and kneeling down in front of her daughter. She looked into Wendy's eyes for some kind of sign and felt her forehead and her throat.
“Are you cold?” 
“No, it's okay, I'm okay,” Wendy said, and she shrugged off the hug that May was trying to give her.
Sandra had stopped, too, and Wendy gave her a once over, reconfirming her opinion of the people in this place. As she turned her head to look towards the rapidly disappearing group ahead of them, a bright light caught the corner of her eye.
She turned her head to trace the light back to its source.
“You shine,” Wendy said, stunned by the glow of light that surrounded Sandra.
The perpetual smile dropped off Sandra's face like a stone sinking in water.
“You can see it?” Sandra's face became as hard as the demanding tone in her voice.
Wendy backed towards the wall; eyes fixed not on Sandra, but a few inches away. The glow was there, but it was changing colour. From a soft yellow, the colour was deepening to red, giving the light depth and force.
“Stay away from me! Mommy, Mommy!” Wendy's voice rose to a screeching pitch and May pushed her daughter behind her, standing in between her child and this stranger.
At the sound of Wendy's near scream, the group ahead halted, and Sarah came rushing back to her mother, demanding to know what was going on.
“I don't know,” May said, turning to look at Wendy. “Are you okay, what's the matter?”
One of the escorts from the group came and put his hand on Sandra's arm, leading her gently down the hall and away from the scene. By this time Sandra herself was visibly shaking. Out of earshot of everyone he quietly said, “Sandra, control yourself. You can do it. Remember the process.”
May pushed back the crowd beginning to form around her and Wendy. “Just everyone move away please, give us some room,” she turned to look at Wendy. The child was calming down, “Wendy?” she asked.
Wendy opened her eyes cautiously; nervously looking around at the people whose faces blotted out everything else. She checked each one carefully and sighed. There was no light, no shine, no colours bubbling around them, and the only voice she heard distinctly was her sister's.
“What now?” Sarah impatiently asked. She had been having a really good time with the other kids, but nooo, Wendy had to have one of her little attacks and spoil everything.
“She's always doing that. Don't worry, she's just a big chicken,” Sarah said to the other kids in the group.
Wendy's face flushed a bright red, and May was quickly coming to her boiling point of anger and frustration with Sarah.
“Stop it, Sarah,” May warned.
One older lady pushed her way through the crowd and took control.
“It seems that one of our guests is not feeling well.” She turned to another adult, “Janice, why don't you take the rest of the children to the playground. We'll catch up with you later. Sandra, I will want to talk to you in my office,” she said, and turned to May.
“I'm Dr. Anne Wilson, and I'm the senior educational advisor to this complex,” Dr. Wilson extended her hand to May, helping her to her feet.
“Why don't we go to my office. We can talk about this.”
May was concerned, Wendy clung to her mother and Sarah just stood there, watching the others leave.
“But MOM,” Sarah said, pointing to the others, “I want to go with them, please, please, please?”
Dr. Wilson could see the confusion and fear May was undoubtedly feeling at that point.
“Actually, my office is right next door to where they're going, and I won't take up much of your time,” she said, nodding at Sarah.
Sarah didn't wait for her mother's decision. She started down the hallway, forcing Wendy and May to follow.
The walk to the doctor's office seemed to take forever, and every instinct May had was telling her to turn around and run for the cover of the rest of the people she had come here with. Never in her life had she felt more alone.
The doctor showed them in to a plush office. Three sides of it were windows that appeared to open out onto a terrace filled with plants and flowers, lit by a warm golden sun.
May took the seat closest to the door. It was one of those wide reading chairs that she had seen in the window of the furniture store and often wished for. It was big enough for her and Wendy, and the two sat there in unaccustomed softness looking like prisoners.
“Wendy,” Dr. Wilson said, “do you like to play games?”
Wendy looked up at her mother before answering. May nodded to Wendy.
“Yea,” Wendy said, drawing out the 'a' sound, making it a cautious reply.
“We have some games here we would like you to play,” the doctor said, pulling out a box from underneath her desk. She handed it to May for inspection.
May rummaged through it. It contained little boxes, balls, tubes, and other things, a collection of objects that didn't seem to be related.
She handed the box to Wendy.
The child put her hand in the box, pulling out objects and staring at them with a puzzled look on her face.
Dr. Wilson observed Wendy carefully, making notes of the child's reactions.
“What do you think that one is?” Dr. Wilson asked.
“It's a tube,” Wendy said, somewhat sarcastically, “just like a plain old hose. You know Mom, like what we use to water the grass?”
“What can you tell me about it?” Dr. Wilson asked. She leaned forward at the table.
“It's round, it's long,” Wendy answered, “it's got a hole in the middle, and you can squeeze it.”
“Anything else?”
Wendy paused, concentrated on the tube. She couldn't see anything special about it. She had told the doctor what she saw.
“Oh, yeah, it's yellow,” Wendy said, and May gasped, partly out of relief. The tube was blue, obviously blue.
May caught herself just in time, she was about to say 'good grief' at the relief she felt.
Dr. Wilson held up the index finger of her right hand, cautioning Wendy to say nothing else.
“What about the other objects?” Dr. Wilson asked.
Wendy looked into the box, “yeah, they're all yellow.”
“No, wait a minute,” Wendy continued, “they're all different colours, but mostly yellow,” Wendy paused, trying to think of how to describe the swirling red, green, and blues that seemed to form an overall pattern of yellow.
“Mom” Wendy was getting excited. Her voice rose an octave. “It's just like that time you took us to that art thing? You know, and they let us put some paint on that wheel, and when we turned the wheel we got all these colours mixed up?”
May remembered that occasion well. The little pictures her twins had made were still hanging on her fridge. At least they were the last time she had seen her fridge, she thought.
“Very good, Wendy,” Dr. Wilson softly chuckled.
“It's in the eyes, isn't it?” May said.
“Somewhat,” the Dr. replied.
“How do you feel now, young lady? Do you think you might want to join the others? They have a lot of really, um, cool? Isn't that the word you use for things you like?” the Dr. asked.
“Cool? Yea.” Wendy said, and some caution returned to her voice.
“Let me call Sarah to come and get you,” the Dr. said, and she pressed a button on her desk. A blue computer screen appeared. She typed in a few words, and the screen disappeared just moments before there was a polite knock at the door.
Before the doctor could say 'come in', Sarah pushed the door open.
“C'mon, ninny, wait till you see what these kids got,” Sarah said, grabbing her sister by the arm and almost dragging her out of the room.
Dr. Wilson stifled the full-throated laugh until the children had left the room.
As soon as May heard the soft plop of the door closing, she started in on the questions for the doctor.
“It's her eyes. Is she colour blind or something like that?” May asked.
“No, she is definitely not colour blind in any sense of that expression. In many ways, most people are blind to the colours,” the doctor replied.
“I'm confused. That tube was blue, but she saw it as yellow. Which colour is it?” May asked.
“Actually, it's both,” the doctor answered.
“Blue is the colour we made that tube. Yellow is the colour of its energy.”
“What?” May asked, furrowing her brow.
“Everything has energy because the little bits that go into making something what it is, a tube, a flower, a desk, even a human being, is made of a lot of smaller things that are put together in a certain way, joined to make something else. The energy used to keep these little bits joined together gives off light and or heat. The signature of this process is a glow, and that's what Wendy is seeing. She's a very fortunate child.”
Fortunate wasn't a word that May had ever associated with Wendy. Sarah, yes, because she seemed to fit the world around her to her own comfort and could slough off the nasty parts easily. Wendy had always seemed to absorb the cares and the woes of the world as though they were her own.
May got up to follow her daughters.
“Please stay for a few minutes,” the doctor said. “I would like to talk to you more about your children.”
“But, but,” the exact words wouldn't come out of May's mouth, she didn't want to let Wendy and Sarah out of her sight.
The door opened and Sandra came in and sat next to May.
“I'm really sorry for what happened. I should be able to control myself better than that. I know I can,” Sandra said. The hastily dried eyes and the remnants of flush on her face told the story of her embarrassment.
“You know, my Cindy is just like Wendy, and there were times when I scared the daylights out of her.”
“How did you do that?” May asked.
“Well, Cindy can see the colours of emotion. The way they explained it to me was that everybody has a glow, usually a soft yellow, but when people get exited their colours change. You know it's the fight or flight syndrome that all animals and humans have. When we need to gear up for something that's possibly threatening, then our energy patterns change, and when I realized that Wendy could see it, I just got a little exited. I am sorry.” Sandra said, the apology clear on her face as she leaned towards May.
“It's quite a gift, you know,” she said.
“How can it be a gift?” May was getting angry. The fear and worry that had been simmering within her ever since the storm had brought them here began to bubble and take control of her. She put both her arms on the edge of her chair and started to rise. Immediately a wave of something passed over her.  At first it felt like a cool breeze on a hot summer's day, the kind you wait and pray for to bring relief from the heat. But as it swept over her, May settled back in her chair, feeling both defeated and deflated as a calm settled almost irritably and against her will on every nerve in her body.
“This has been way too much for you,” the Dr. said, “hasn't it?”
May could only muster enough energy for a nod.
“I have some material for you to read that might explain things better for you.” The doctor handed her a stack of pamphlets and a book.
“Why don't you join your twins down the hall? And later on take a look at these.”
May was grateful for what felt like a dismissal, she took the handouts that were offered and virtually fled down the hall to her children.
*****
The halls were long and wide. As Master Menlow led them, Terry tried to keep mental notes of which turns they took along the way. She watched the people they passed, trying to identify their purpose and checking which door they went in, searching for any indication of where those doors led. The only common thread was the uniform, the same kind of jumpsuit that sported the same symbol on it that the guards had worn when they flooded into the cafeteria of the observatory. 
Harvey was up front, walking alongside their host. He had warmed up to him after the patient and kind correction that Menlow had made about Harvey's guess as to just how the garbage thing had worked. He was like a little child who had finally found an adult who would take his questions and ideas seriously, with patience and an eye for the truth.
“Harvey's having a good time,” Bert said to Barb.
“Yea, you can almost see his chest puffing out with pride,” Barb laughed.
“Guess I shouldn't have been riding Harvey about his papers,” Bert said.
“Oh, I wouldn't go that far,” Barb said.
Terry had been listening in and shot a questioning look at Barb.
“Harvey reads the tabloids,” Barb said, “aaalll the time.”
“That trash?” Max added.
“Oh, like television is any better?” Terry asked.
Max took a sip of the drink he had brought with him, “jealous of our popularity, are we?”
“Not if I always had to use the royal we,” Terry responded. “Don't you ever get tired of the weight of being you?”
The next sip of Max's drink went straight up his nose, and Terry laughed as he choked, trying to clear his nostrils.
“Breathe Max, breathe,” Terry said, “or do you need a stage direction for that, too?” Terry chortled.
“Stop it,” Elsie said. “Honestly, the two of you are worse than a pair of junk yard dogs fighting over a bone.”
Master Menlow and Harvey had stopped when Max had started choking.
“I'm okay,” Max waved one hand in the air, signalling he didn't need any help. He put his drink down on a small table in the hall, and took several breaths to clear his lungs.
“Whew,” he said as the air ran clear to his lungs and the redness in his face faded like a receding shoreline at low tide. He bumped into the table, spilling his drink on the floor.
As the liquid ran out along the floor as far as it could, Max moved away from the table, careful not to let any of it spill on himself. The mess he had created stood out against the stark cleanliness of the facility, the way an ink stain stands out on a white dress shirt.
Max started down the hallway to catch up with the others ahead of him.
Elsie walked back to the spill and reached into her purse for one of the many tissues that she always carried with her.
“It's okay,” Master Menlow said, “I'll call someone to clean it up.” He took Elsie by the arm, and he started to walk her back down the hall.
“Ah, here he is now,” Master Menlow said.
“See,” Max said to the group defensively, “if I, or you,” he looked at Elsie, “had cleaned that up, then this fine gentleman here wouldn't have anything to do. My God, everybody has to have a job, and if we all cleaned up everything ourselves then this gent wouldn't have a job. Why, I'm keeping him employed! Everybody has to have something to do.”
“And I'm sure you do a fine job,” Max said to the man who was busy using something like a small vacuum cleaner to suck up the liquid.
Bert groaned and wondered just how pompous Max could get. He was embarrassed for the group, and he glanced over at Master Menlow. The anger was visible in Menlow's eyes.
The anger was there for only a split second. Master Menlow, with effort, forced a small smile and turned to Max.
“Perhaps I should introduce you to Master Croft here. You might be interested in knowing that Master Croft has what you would call a Ph.D. in chemistry, a Masters in electronic substrate atom generation and a Doctorate in particle analysis. He, along with the rest of his team, invented the disposal method you saw at work in the lounge, and he invented the personal portable atom retrieval device that he is currently using to clean up your mess.”
“So how come he's wasting his time cleaning?” Max said. It wasn't a question; it was a pathetic attempt at self-defence.
“Because he chooses to,” Master Menlow replied. “I don't know what it is like on your world, but here we are all very much aware of the importance of everything, including cleaning up a mess.” Master Menlow turned his back to Max, and walked down the hallway, leaving Max standing alone, adrift in a sea of logic he couldn't swim in.
High tide returned to Max's face, and he sheepishly followed the group down the hall.
*****
Just when Elsie's legs were beginning to feel that they had covered more miles than they wanted to, the group rounded a corner, and Master Menlow announced they had arrived at their destination.
Calling the entrance to the library a door was like calling a panther a pussycat. They weren't just double doors - what looked like a glass wall greeted the visitors. It was stained and painted with natural scenes that depicted every type of habitat imaginable. Lions romped in Savannahs, bears walked through forests, and birds flew in a true-blue sky with effortless ease. As the group took in the sight, Barb moved back down the hallway far enough to get her eyes around the whole scene.
“They move just like it was a video,” she exclaimed.
As the rest of her group moved back to view the wall in its entirety Barb watched the scenes of life unfold before her eyes. She watched fish swim in sunlight-dappled water until the scene changed to the deep dark of the ocean and she watched a shark swim lazily by, not two feet away from her perspective. She reached out her hand to touch the moving monster of the deep, but her fingers found only air.
“It looks so real,” she said. “It has depth.” She looked at Bert. “I swear I could feel myself breathing through my mouth and feel the water pressure on my skin.” She poked Bert when she saw his raised eyebrow.
Terry was concentrating on the bear in the woods. She, too, saw it move, saw it lumber around a tree where it stopped and seemed to stare right back at her. She moved to the left and the bear growled, its eyes still penetrating whatever screen it was on, having fixed its gaze on her.
“I can smell it,” Terry said, “I can smell the green of the trees and, and....” She continued to watch the bear until it squatted and did what came naturally for a creature in the forest. “Oooh, I smell that too.”
Master Menlow chuckled. He so thoroughly enjoyed watching people watching this wall. The first time he had ever seen the Living Window, which is what the wall was called, he had spent hours just standing, watching, and breathing in the life that emanated from this spot.
“Is it a hologram?” Harvey cautiously asked Master Menlow.
“Sort of, but so much more,” he replied.
“What you see here is really happening somewhere else right now,” Master Menlow explained. “There really is someone filming a shark and that bear really did relieve himself before our very eyes.”
Harvey shook his head in wonder. To be able to look over someone's shoulder this way, to feel what they're feeling, to borrow their senses without having to leave home.
“My God, to be able to do this,” he said out loud, and Master Menlow gave him a sharp look.
“Harvey, God is a word we don't use around here,” Master Menlow said.
“Sorry,” Harvey said, and then an uncomfortable question popped into his mind. If he could feel someone else's senses in this place, could they get access to his?
Master Menlow seemed to almost read Harvey's mind.
“It's a one-way connection, Harvey. We can only sense what they do because they are wearing equipment designed to record and transmit everything their senses can pick up.”
Startled, Harvey moved away from Menlow. This kind of mental proximity was new and somewhat unfriendly territory to Harvey.
Master Menlow turned to address the entire group.
“This is the basis for our education programs for everyone, young and old alike,” Master Menlow explained. “Our library is built along the same lines, although there are traditional books that you can read if you want. Shall we go in?”
He opened a panel on the wall, pressed a button, and the glass clouded into panes that formed doors.
He pushed them open and a whole world opened up before the visitors.
The library was huge.
“You could put four football stadiums in here,” Bert said, and he looked across at row upon row of computer terminals, tables, and chairs, and racks upon racks of books.
“The only request I need to make of you is that when you want to look at the books themselves, please put on the gloves provided. There are boxes of them beside every rack. Some of these books are anciently old, and we have to treat them carefully.”
“How old?” Terry asked.
“Some of these books are from the great library at Alexandria,” Master Menlow said with awe. “We've managed to save a great deal that has been forgotten or lost on your world.”

Chapter 15

Starr walked down the last few feet of hallway to the boardroom as though he was a prisoner taking that last walk to the gas chamber. He didn't want to be at this meeting for a whole slew of personal reasons; questions were going to be asked that had answers he didn't want to give. He was almost certain he was the cause of the incident that brought the lab and its visitors to this world. He hadn't counted on the fibre optic electrical system setting up a loop of energy that focused the neutrinos into a doorway. 
He sighed, opened one side of the double doors, and walked in.
As he took his seat, all eyes turned to him. Every chair in that room was fully occupied; and Starr could feel deep in his gut that this table was set for headhunting and blame laying. 
“Now that we're all here,” Callum started, emphasizing the all, “we have to decide what we are going to do about this situation. We have an entire lab brought through the wormhole, a group of fifteen visitors to cope with, and a whole other world that has been put on global alert. You all have copies of some of their broadcasts and newspapers on file at your stations.”
Immediately computer screens emerged from the tabletop in front of each person seated, and there was a hush in the room as each scanned the screen in front of them.
Starr scanned through the media reports - all the big names were there. He could just imagine the invasion of microphones, mobile units, and cameras that had descended on that poor little city of Stoneridge. Lot of good it's going to do them, Starr thought. He knew that a team from their world was keeping everyone away from Pitwell's Place, including the government people.
“Well,” he said out loud, “I sure hope the hotels in Stoneridge have upped their prices. They may never get a chance like this again.” He chuckled.
“Terry should be happy. The Northern Chronicle has never sold as many papers as they are now. Too bad she's not there writing the stories. Every one of them would be a wire piece.”
“I think you've spent too much time on the other side, Mark,” Callum said. She was concerned about Starr's reactions. He seemed to almost relish the conflict and competition that ran their sister world. The competition to get the juiciest story out of the disappearance of the lab was just the latest example of how truth and fact could be bundled and sold.
“You seem to find the situation those people from Stoneridge are in somewhat amusing,” Callum said. “Do you?”
“Not amusing,” Starr answered, “just predictable, and that predictability is at the root of our problem.”
“How so?” asked one of the newer board members.
“Because, now that world is on to something, a source of power that will open the door to the universe if they choose. The problem is, there is no choice over there. Whoever controls this technology, controls that world, and, within a short period of time, will overrun us.”
There, he thought, he had said it out loud - control, invasion, change. That's what neutrino technology would give to a world run by greed and special interest groups, and he had been instrumental in showing them the way.
“At least we are getting a clearer idea of just what happened,” Callum said, “and it wasn't all your fault, Mark. There seems to have been a convergence of error and coincidence that caused the wormhole to open up. We're just lucky that it wasn't bigger than it was.”
“In fact,” Callum continued, “the rerouting of the information from the sensors to the electrical system is probably what prevented an explosion on the scale of a small supernova.”
Mark looked up at Callum sharply.
“Are you sure?”
“According to Granger, uh, DR. Granger,” Callum said, “there was a series of events, including a rockburst that altered the tubes just enough to align them. The fibre optic cable and storage capacity absorbed just enough of the energy being released by the neutrinos to make this event controllable.”
“There has to be something more than just that though,” Starr said. “There had to be another event or flaw that initiated the reaction we got.”
“We'll probably never know for sure, but it's the part of the experiments that someone else can replicate that we're worried about. The modifications you made - were they traceable in any way?”
“No, all the data that was rerouted came on the ride with us,” Starr answered, and before anyone at the table could question his surety, Starr said emphatically, “I'm sure.”
“All right, let's get to damage control.” Callum said, “We have the reports from the field that we will have to go through. It's all in your database.”
As the board members started to sift through the report Starr left his position and called Callum aside for a private conversation.
“How are our guests doing?” he asked.
She walked over to one of the walls, pressed a button, and a computer screen split into four sections.
Mark moved closer to get a good look. In one view he saw Wendy and Sarah in the playroom. Sarah was in the middle of things, obviously enjoying herself, while Wendy hung back, torn between where her mother was sitting with some of the other adults in one corner of the room and the mob around her sister.
He checked another view and could only see Terry and Max in the library.
“Bert, Barb, Elsie, and Harvey are with them,” Callum said.
Lastly, he turned to the screen that showed the technical group in one of the labs and chuckled. True to form, Granger was trying to assert himself as the alpha male of the group, ordering his staff to watch for certain things based on his personal theories, and when these theories were easily proven wrong, not even having the grace to acknowledge it. His theories and ideas were stuck in his opinion of himself and in his perceived position of authority.
Starr knew his theories and ideas that didn't work because this world knew they didn't work.
 Doesn't he ever get tired of showing off just how little he knows? Starr wondered.
“There isn't enough water in the oceans to slake his thirst for status,” Callum finished Starr's thought.
In the sharp contrast of the black and white monitor Starr was watching, he could see the wonder of discovery written all over Jessie and Palo's faces and in the gestures they made. As they talked to their hosts, Starr could virtually see their learning processes at work, trying to take in as much information as their brains could absorb. They were open and receptive to the pure language of science that flows like water between eager pupils and capable teachers.
He sighed. How can there be such differences between people who come from the same world? 
Callum resumed her chair at the head of the table. “As you can see, we have the site at Pitwell's Place under our control. No one is getting access to it, although one print reporter did sneak in and got pictures of our people wearing our insignia. It was page one in the Northern Chronicle yesterday, but they haven't shared their photo with any other news agency. They're trying to trace that insignia back to a government source, and some of our agents are leading them on a slow but merry chase.”
“Apparently,” Callum added, “the City Editor at that paper was the reporter who broke the first story about the lab being built, and Granger was careless with his paperwork. That editor saw our insignia at least five years ago.”
“Terry knows him. Maybe we should talk to her,” Starr suggested.
“We can't reveal too much to them before we decide what we're going to do with them,” one of the board members warned.
“Then why give them tours?” another board member asked. “Aren't we just asking for trouble by showing them around?”
“We're studying them a lot more than they are studying us. We need to know more about each one of these individuals before we decide if we're simply going to wipe out their memory and send them back.” Callum said, “Keep in mind that this world was created by just such an accident, and the people who came through had to make do with what they found. If they hadn't, we wouldn't exist.”
“Yes, but the current leaders of our guests' world would only bring their diseases with them. Our founders did not,” Starr said.
“It's not just what they bring, but what they are,” Callum cautioned. “You might want to take a look at Dr. Wilson's report on Wendy.”
*****
“The great library at Alexandria?” Terry asked, incredulous at the size of the library and its supposed contents. “You had, uh have, an Egypt on this world too? How close is the geography, the topology, do you have a France, a Great Britain too?” The questions tumbled quickly through Terry's mind and tripped over each other on her tongue, as she stepped tentatively into the library.
“Slow down,” Master Menlow said with a smile. Eagerness to know was something he loved to see in others, and he could clearly see Terry almost bristling with an excitement driven by a need to know.
“We are not divided into countries the way your world is, but we do have territories. Each territory is created by economic, geographic, and climactic continuities,” he explained as he led the group to a reading area of the library. “The books I referred to are from the library on your world.”
Terry stopped short and swung around to look Menlow in the eyes.
“So you stole them,” Terry accused.
“Not really,” Master Menlow replied. “We saved them just before the horde moved into that area to wipe out all that had been accumulated to that point. If we hadn't stolen them, they wouldn't exist today.”
“Oh,” Terry said, “are there other things that you have, um, saved from our world?”
“Many things,” Master Menlow replied. “One example are those books from the university that was established around the library of Alexandria.” He pointed to a rack of books along a far wall.
“Did you know that Euclid developed many of his mathematical premises there? Or that mathematicians who lived and worked there during the second and third centuries of your history proved that the world was round and developed a model of the zodiac that was divided into 360 degrees. Or that Archimedes invented a pump called the Archimedes screw while doing research at the Alexandria Mouseion? Or that the library contained nearly 500,000 volumes that were about to be destroyed in the Pagan-Christian clashes in Alexandria? In your year 391 the Emperor Theodosius commanded that all paganism, and that's what math and science was considered at the time on your world - paganistic - was to be stamped out?”
Terry lowered her eyes.
“No, I didn't know,” she said, “but how do you know?”
“Because we saved the books and some of the people who wrote them,” Master Menlow said softly, almost reverently.
“We?” Terry asked.
“The people who have guided this world,” he answered.
“So you just breezed into our world, grabbed what you wanted, and left,” Terry said.
“It wasn't that simple, and it wasn't that fast,” Master Menlow answered. “We are, at least our ancestors were, from your world.”
“I would suggest that you take some time and study our history,” he said, leading Terry to a computer terminal. He invited her to sit down as he switched the machine on.
A three-dimensional image came into view in the centre of the desk. “It's holographic, and you can control it the same way you control the screen on a computer with a mouse,” Master Menlow said.
“Is there sound as well?” Terry asked, and he nodded, moving away from the desk as Terry's attention became occupied by the images. He looked around the room to check on the other visitors, and as he turned he bumped into Elsie. Elsie's interest in this particular conversation was piqued when she heard him refer to Christianity.
“I couldn't help but hear you when you were talking,” Elsie said. “Do you have a Christian fellowship nearby?”
Master Menlow cleared his throat before he spoke.
“Perhaps you would like to look at some of our books on spirituality,” he smiled, took Elsie by the arm and walked her to a small reference section.
“I've been a Christian for as long as I can remember,” Elsie said, “and at my age, probably for longer than I can remember.”
“Really,” Master Menlow replied. “Ah, here we are, if you want to take a look at the books feel free, and if you need help choosing one, just let me know.”
Elsie reached into her purse for her glasses. Her eyesight was still pretty good considering her age, but reading was one chore that Elsie recognized she needed help with. She pulled them out of their case and put them on.
Master Menlow reached for her glasses, surprising Elsie.
“You won't need those,” he said, folding the arms of the glasses carefully and putting them down on a nearby table.
“Do your books come with a built in magnifier?” Elsie asked. It was a serious question, because Elsie had seen things in the past few days that were more than her imagination could have or would have conceived. In fact, she had at times thought that books with larger print and/or some built-in accommodation for tired eyes would make somebody a millionaire.
“No,” Master Menlow said, “just try reading without them.” He pulled a book off the shelf and handed it to Elsie.
She looked at the title - The Spirit of Life - she read out loud. “Well okay, that's nice large type.”
She opened the book and was dismayed to find small type inside. She focused her eyes on it and to her amazement the letters actually made sense. Without her glasses, letters and words like this usually looked like a bunch of squiggly lines not connected to the words that formed the ideas that she knew those lines were meant to convey.
“I can read this,” she exclaimed, and turned to look, mouth wide open in amazement at Master Menlow. “How is this possible? Is this a trick of light?” she asked.
He smiled. “No, you don't need those glasses anymore. When you first arrived we took you, actually all of you, to our medical facilities to make sure you were okay. We noticed that your eyesight was, shall we say, out of alignment with what it should be, so we fixed it.”
“But how?” Elsie asked.
“Now do you want a medical explanation of what was done, or an explanation of why we did what we did?”
“Both.” Elsie was emphatic with her answer.
“On your world, as people age, systems in their bodies break down. We know this. Your optic nerves were starting to shut down their operation, limiting your eyesight. We rejuvenated those nerves for you, so your eyesight is back to what it was when you were twenty.”
“It's not that I'm not grateful,” Elsie said, she hated having to put on glasses to read, “but I never gave you permission to do this. What made you think it was okay for you to just perform an operation on me?”
It was Master Menlow's turn to be embarrassed.
“I apologize, Elsie, but it's something we do routinely here. Our own people never have to wear glasses or use canes or any other device to help them live. Now you know that for a person your age on your world, you happen to be in very good shape, don't you?”
“I've been blessed that way,” Elsie said, cautiously.
“Considering the pollution you lived in for a great deal of your life,” Master Menlow replied, “I would think your heartiness is more a combination of a miracle and a good genetic mix.”
“Well, my mother lived to be 102, which is rare,” Elsie said, “but that last few months of her life she couldn't see at all.”
“How old do you think I am?” Master Menlow asked.
Elsie looked him over. He had to be six feet tall, trim build, no tell-tale stoop to his shoulders - they were big and broad, and his hands were those of a school teacher - no calluses or wrinkles. His face was smooth, broad to fit his shoulders and long to fit his height, and his dark brown hair was as free of silver and grey as Elsie's was full of it.
“Um, could be 35, maybe 40 at the most,” Elsie replied.
“I'm 72,” he said as he smiled.
“72? I don't believe it,” Elsie said, as she took Master Menlow by an arm and swung him around to get a better look.
“Do you count years differently on this world than we do back home?” she asked, incredulous.
“No,” he chuckled, “we have just as many days in our years as you do. We just pass them differently.”
“I'll say,” Elsie said.
“When your doctors were poking around inside me when I was out of it, what else did they do?” she asked, not sure she wanted to know the answer.
“Well, you had a small circulation problem in your legs. The doctor said it was caused by the beginning of diabetes,” Master Menlow said. “And your pancreas was beginning to work, let's see how did he put it,” he paused to get just the right word, “inefficiently, that's what he said, so they added an enzyme that should have the pancreas working like new again shortly.”
Elsie reached for her stomach, ran her hands over its girth, looking for the surgical scar she must have overlooked. There wasn't one.
“What's the matter, Elsie, don't you feel well?” Master Menlow asked, concerned in reaction to the panic on Elsie's face.
“I'm trying to find the surgical scar,” she said, but her fingers found no lump or bump that would indicate such an invasion of her body.
“Surgical scar?” Master Menlow asked, and then realized that Elsie was picturing surgery as it was on her world, not his.
“We didn't cut you open or anything like that. Why, that would be barbaric.” Master Menlow was emphatic about this. He knew some of the ways of Elsie's world but he was no expert. He could only picture in his mind the act of surgery that she was imagining.
“We don't need to cut the body open. We just scan it, run a few blood tests and dye tests, and then fix things. They use lasers if there's a lump of tissue or something somewhere it shouldn't be. They just point and shoot,” he said.
Elsie's mind was reeling from the information and the imagery. She knew about lasers. She had actually gone to see a local doctor who was using lasers to reshape the eyes so some people would be able to see without glasses. He couldn't help her with his process because it wasn't the shape of her eye that was the problem; it was the age of them.
“Well,” Elsie really didn't know what else to say. “Seventy-two you say,” and she passed a critical eye over Master Menlow again.
“Does everyone get this kind of treatment on your world?” she asked.
“Of course,” Master Menlow replied. He was puzzled at Elsie's puzzlement and questions. “Isn't that true of where you are from, maybe not the same level of technology, but at least treatment with the current technology.”
“No, it isn't,” Elsie said. “We still have people who die waiting for heart surgery, or a kidney transplant or people who need glasses but can't afford them. We still have people dying from starvation and poverty where I come from.” Elsie's voice was low but the sadness in it blared out like a trumpet call in the still of the library.
“I can't say I understand that,” Master Menlow replied, and he looked at a tear forming in the corner of Elsie's reborn eyes, “anymore than I think you do.”
Elsie looked straight up into Master Menlow's face, “Thank you” she said, and there was more than a little awe in her voice. She sat down in the closest chair and began to read the book he had given her moments earlier. She wanted to know more about this New World.
*****
Harvey had gravitated to a section of the library that was cool, dark, and isolated from everyone else. He knew he wouldn't find anything like the papers he read back home on the shelves or the desks in this library, and he felt ill at ease with most of the titles of the books he had seen as he moved down several long racks.
“Quantum theory, Particle Division and its Properties,” he read quietly as he passed.
He shook his head. None of these books would make any sense to him and he knew it. He kept going down the racks, reading titles that held little meaning for him.
“Perhaps you might like history or fiction?” a voice asked.
Harvey looked around, unsure of where the voice came from. He couldn't see anyone near enough to have spoken to him. Terry, Master Menlow, and Elsie were still down at the reading centre and Bert and Barb weren't visible anywhere.
He looked around him again, saw no one, but said, “Who's asking?” just in case there was someone hiding behind a stack of books somewhere.
“I am the Automated Library Learning Assistant,” the voice answered, “but most people call me Al.”
Harvey spun around again. He still didn't see anyone. He paced the length of the bookrack, poking his head around the corner that led to the centre aisle. He still didn't see anyone. He walked back to where he had first heard the voice, pulled a few books off the shelves to see if someone was on the other side of them. Still he saw no one.
“Well, Al, show yourself,” Harvey said.
At first there was no answer. As Harvey stood there peering down the hallway formed by the racks of books, he saw what looked like dust particles that seemed to gather light into themselves, swirling, forming into a stream that could have been pure light. The stream flowed in and out of itself until it began to create a recognizable shape. Two feet away from where Harvey was standing, a holographic image formed itself.
Harvey stepped back, unsure of what he was dealing with.
“Are you real?” he asked.
“In what sense?” Al asked.
“Are you a computer program?” Harvey asked.
“Yes and no,” Al replied. “I can help you with a selection if you wish. Do you prefer to read, watch, or scan?”
“Scan?” Harvey asked.
“Ah, you are not a computer program,” Al said.
“The history section is four rows down on your left; fiction selections are six rows down on your right. The guide system will show you how to get there.”
“Guide system?” Harvey asked, again looking around to see if anyone was coming.
“Yes, now that you have chosen a section, if you follow the arrows on the floor they will guide you to where you want to go. Red arrows are for history, blue for fiction. Just follow the arrows.” Al disappeared as quickly as he had come.
“Wait a minute,” Harvey said, “who or what are you?”
“I am the Automated Library Learning Assistant, but most people call me Al.”
“Arrgh,” Harvey was nearing his frustration boiling point.
“I did not understand that request. Please repeat your question,” Al answered.
“Computers,” Harvey said in disgust.
“The computer section is two rows down on the right. Please follow the green arrows to your chosen area,” Al responded.
Harvey was about to say something else, when he realized that he really didn't want to continue this discussion.
“Okay, okay,” he muttered to himself, “Was it red for history, or blue?”
“Red for history, blue for fiction,” replied Al.
“Go away,” Harvey yelled.
There was no response from Al.
Harvey stood still for a minute, listening for any sound of movement and watching for another trick of light to tell him Al was back. He took a cautious step forward, watching his steps. As he stepped forward toward the centre aisle, three arrows lit up the section of floor in front of him, all pointing to the main aisle of the library. When he rounded the corner of the row, the arrows split accordingly, and he chose none of them. He stayed to the middle of the aisle and watched as the arrows on the right and left lit up and faded out as he passed each one. When he passed the computer section, the green arrows veered to the right, and when he passed that row without entering it, a soft beeping sound echoed along that row. Harvey stopped, retraced his steps until he was even with the row, and the beeping stopped. He took a step past the row and the beeping started again.
“Stop it,” he said, and the sound died. Harvey was prepared for the next beeps. When he passed the last aisle that he had somehow told Al he wanted the arrows stopped lighting up his passage.
He kept walking down the main aisle, looking down each row casually, half-hoping that a selection or a title or even a category would appeal to him. None did, so he wandered until he reached the back wall of the library.
The wall was glass - at least he thought it was.
“Hum,” Harvey said to himself, “could be just like the front door.”
He reached his hand out to what looked like a normal pull bar on a double door and pulled. It didn't move.
He was about to turn around when he saw a familiar face on the other side of the door.
Bert and Barb were on the other side. When they saw him, they waved their arms, beckoning him to come outside.
He shrugged his shoulders at them and mouthed the word “how?”
Bert walked over to the glass door, punched a button out of Harvey's view, and the door slid open.
Harvey stepped through it, out onto a patio lined with plants and trees, full of comfortable furniture. A warm, dry breeze caressed his face, and he stepped through the opening to what seemed to be a lush tropical balcony.
“Is it real?” he asked Bert. 

Chapter 16

“He was just standing there; his eyes were as wide open as that door was.” Bert pointed to the door between the dining room and their quarters and his voice wafted throughout the length and breadth of the dining room.
“He could hardly get the words out of his mouth,” Bert said, “and he couldn't move an inch until I said 'yes it's real.”
The group at the dinner table broke into laughter at Bert's story of Harvey's afternoon adventures with machines. Harvey blushed a little during the telling of the tale, but he took the ribbing good-naturedly.
“I don't know what to expect here,” he said, shrugging his shoulders and raising his hands in the air, feeling stupid until he looked around the table and realized his friends were laughing with him. He glanced over to the table where the lab technicians were sitting enjoying their meal, but none of them seemed to have noticed the laughter from Harvey's dinner companions.
“I know what you mean,” Elsie said, and she told her fellow travelers about her new and improved eyesight.
“And tonight, I'm going to have desert,” she said, eyeing the desert cart that was parked next to their table.
Terry pushed her chair away from the table, and as she got up from her chair she looked over to the other table, caught Jessie's eye, and motioned her to follow. She walked over to the door to the hallway, and waited for Jessie.
“I think we need to talk,” Terry said to Jessie, “away from everyone else.”
 “What's private enough around here?” Jessie asked, looking around at the dining area, suspiciously eyeing the paintings on the wall. At this point she didn't even know if they were paintings.
“Let's go outside,” Jessie suggested, pointing to a patio door at the south end of the dining hall, and neither spoke before they exited the building.
The air outside was warm and dry, and the view before them was a textbook case for contrast. The building they had just come from was a stark solid block of material, whose walls were interrupted by what seemed to be windows. A sidewalk followed the edge of the building, disappearing around the nearest corner, and making criss-cross patterns through the lush garden that surround the dullness of the building. The walkways were lined with Savannah grasses and palm trees, interspersed with some desert flowers blooming in full glorious colour. The garden atmosphere stopped abruptly on the outer side of the farthest walkway where the desert took over. In the distance, as far as the eye could see, there was sand, hills on rolling hills of sand, and as the southwest wind blew over them, it lessened their density, blurring their defined edges as the wind gathered sand into itself. Like waves on an ocean, the sand-laden wind crested in the shallows between the hills, and swirls of confusion eddied on the horizon, depositing fresh material for the dune that was being created where the wind died.
“There must be some kind of forcefield holding that desert back,” Terry said.
“There is,” Jessie replied, “I don't completely understand it, but I do know these buildings are put here to reclaim the desert.”
“As far as I know, these buildings become self-sustaining ecosystems after five years, and after that it's just a matter of time before there will be a hundred square miles of oasis here,” she added.
“I wonder how long it would take to reclaim Pitwell's Place with a system like this,” Terry asked.
“It probably couldn't be done,” Jessie replied. “This place isn't polluted. It's just a desert. Pitwell's Place was systematically destroyed by indifference and neglect.”
Terry sighed. How could these people be so different from her own people, she wondered.
“I spent all of today in a lab, and the things these people know and can do... why on our world they would be considered magicians,” Jessie said.
“They certainly fixed Elsie up, almost as good as new,” Terry said.
“That's just the beginning of it,” Jessie answered. “Do you know they have no genetic diseases here?”
“How could that be?” Terry asked.
“There's only one way I know of, and that's genetic engineering,” Jessie said.
Terry let that idea sink in for a minute.
“Are we talking some kind of brave new world kind of thing, like test tube babies?” she asked.
“I don't think so,” Jessie replied. “They have mapped the human genome completely. They know what each chromosome and combined pair do, how they fit together, and what makes a human being sick. Combine that with gene therapy, and you've got a healthy, intelligent, capable people ready-made. One of their technicians I talked to said that his wife just had their first baby, and from what he described, it was born in the way nature intended.”
“Well, that kind of fits with the history lesson I got today,” Terry said, “but you can never tell the whole truth from history books, not when the winners get to do the writing.”
“For one thing, this world isn't as old as ours is.” Terry started in on the stream of information she had gathered from the library.
“It was either created by an accident like what happened to us; or, it was here already and the accident brought certain people here,” Terry said. “As close as I can calculate, there is at least a two hundred year difference in time between when our world was supposedly created and when this one was discovered - possibly more.”
“But until now, no one on our earth had the level of technology that would cause an accident like ours,” Jessie said.
“Apparently that's not true, “ Terry continued. She could visually recall the hologram and its story of how this world came to be.
She couldn't remember all the names of the individuals involved in what these people called the First Move.
“From early times,” Terry continued, “as early as recorded history on our world began, there was a group of - I guess you would call them forward thinkers - who were forced to, in a sense, 'retire' from the world they lived in, our world.”
“How much history do you know?” Terry asked Jessie.
“It certainly wasn't my specialty, but I do know something about scientific history,” she answered.
“Science and mathematics were definitely put on hold after the rise of Christianity in the Middle East on our world, and its spread throughout Europe,” she said. “They didn't call it the Dark Ages for nothing.”
“Well, apparently, from our third century on, those 'scientists' and 'mathematicians' withdrew their services from the known world. The sacking and destruction of the Library at Alexandria was the turning point for them. They apparently took as many books and people with them as possible, and established colonies in remote areas of our known world. They continued with their studies and from what this history says, they made huge technological advances that they didn't share with the rest of our world.”
“Probably, things like the world was round and that the earth revolved around the sun,” Jessie said.
“It was much more than that,” Terry said. “They knew about electricity centuries before it was 'discovered' on our world. They knew about atoms, and they had already figured out the effect of an atomic bomb, well before Columbus sailed to America.”
“Bull,” Jessie said. “They couldn't have. They wouldn't have had the equipment.”
“Oh, they never made one, but they worked out the theory, followed it to its conclusion, and decided it was too dangerous to try,” Terry said. “At least that's what their history says.”
“They decided to experiment with other forms of energy, like solar energy,” Terry said, “and once they fully understood light, it was a small step from there to examining neutrinos. One of those colonies was established at the base of a mountain riddled with caves.”
“That's too big of a stretch, Terry,” Jessie said. “There's just no way.”
“Look, I didn't say I believed it, I'm just telling you what they tell themselves,” Terry answered. She was feeling more than a little defensive about her ability to tell the story of this world as completely as she thought she had understood it this afternoon.
“Anyway, there was apparently an accident. They say it was caused by a supernova and this cave colony was shot through to this world. They brought with them all their knowledge, which was considerable, and took over this world. They vowed that the mistakes made on our world would not be repeated here. It wasn't difficult for them to take over this world. The people here were just beginning to group together in small tribes and villages, and with the superior knowledge the group had, they were able to mold and shape this world.”
“You mean take it over,” Jessie said.
“Yes. They mentioned some force being used,” Terry said, “but their philosophy seemed to be to stretch out a helping hand; bring technology to everyday life like agriculture; offer the fruits of their labours to everyone. Then, if that didn't work, they used their technology to control those people who wouldn't go along with the program.”
“The founding principles were that everyone owned everything and that this world's resources were there for everyone to use and benefit from. I guess that's why they never allowed the concept of money and commerce into this world,” Terry said.
“Well, if the first visitors here were scientists and mathematicians, then they probably didn't care too much for commerce,” Jessie said. “On our world it just gets in the way of learning.”
“What do you mean?” Terry asked.
“Well, on our world - you know - he who pays the bills, shapes the product, and gets to say who can afford it,” Jessie answered.
“Look at Granger,” she said. “He's brilliant, but in order for him to search for knowledge, he had to play the money game just like everybody else.”
 “And don't fool yourself,” Jessie continued, “he knows a lot more about what he was trying to do, and who would benefit from his discoveries. Granger doesn't like to admit it, but his ambitions could only be fuelled by somebody with money, and somebodies with money always want a return. Granger's got a boss, too,” Jessie said this with more than a little satisfaction in her voice. Granger's ego had stepped on her toes more than a few times.
“So what we have here on this world is the ultimate communist state,” Terry said.
“I wouldn't go that far. Remember, communism is a concept on our world that is viewed from a whole host of different perspectives,” Jessie answered, “but if this world were founded on scientific and humanitarian principles, without the need for money, then I can see why it is the way it is.”
“We are taught to be sceptical, to question, and to learn from our mistakes, and it's not a bad way to run things.” she said. “There is an honesty and purity to scientific endeavours that could teach our world a few things.”
“Could you imagine what it would be like if the people who made the chemicals that have eaten into our ozone layer had done all the proper testing before they made it into a commercial product? Or if the industrial giants of our world had considered the consequences of industrial smoke stacks throwing gases into our atmosphere?” Terry asked no one in particular.
“We'd be here by now,” Jessie answered, and the wistfulness of wish was evident in her voice.
As the sun set over the dunes in the distance, other people started to emerge from the building, strolling along the walkway, admiring the garden that was beginning to soften the harshness of this desert. As people passed Jessie and Terry, they nodded, smiled, and said hello, never once intruding into their conversation. Max emerged from one of the doors, and headed straight for Jessie and Terry. He ignored the sidewalk, cut across the grass, bumping people as he made his way, knocking two people to the ground. He didn't even pause to acknowledge their existence or check to see if they were all right.
People stared at him, shocked by a rudeness unknown by the common civility of these people. Master Menlow followed closely on Max's heels, pausing to apologize for this visitor's single-mindedness.
“Judging by the number of people out for a walk, I guess there's nothing good on TV tonight,” Max said, the sarcasm in his voice oozing out like an oil slick at sea.
Jessie and Terry just shook their heads.
“Actually, you might be better off going back inside and watching some television,” Master Menlow said to Max.
“I am only going to say this to you once, Max,” he continued. “You probably have no idea how difficult it is to grow grass or establish that first garden in the desert. It requires an incredible amount of time and energy, and, in this first stage, we go to great lengths to nurture this. That's why there are walkways for people.”
“Sorrry,” Max said.
Master Menlow sighed.
Undaunted by even the slightest shred of embarrassment, Max asked, “So what is on TV tonight? I'd like to see what you people call entertainment.”
Master Menlow sighed again.
“Our television is much different from what you are used to,” Master Menlow said. “It is much too powerful a tool to use only for entertainment. Do you recall the Living Wall at the Library?”
Max nodded.
“Well, that's what our television is like,” he replied.
“And no commercials,” Terry added, with just a hint of superior sarcasm in her words. Had she been a lot younger, Terry just might have stuck her tongue out at Max. As it was, at her age and in this place, she managed to stifle the urge.
“Well, it's true, we don't have a commercial aspect to this world,” Master Menlow agreed. “The founders of this world were people who believed that the world and all its resources were here for everyone. These resources were never meant to be parceled into neat little packages and sold to only those who had money. You know, the gas and the oil that companies dig out of the ground on your world were things that should never have been owned.”
“One of the images from your world that never ceases to amaze me is the sight of people lining up at cash registers in a grocery store to buy food. I have often wondered what it must be like on your world, to know there is food inside a store, to walk past it everyday, and yet be one of your citizens that can't go in and get the food they need because their pockets are empty. Or for those who can afford what they need, to walk out of those stores with everything they need, knowing that some people can't afford to buy a pound of rice or a loaf of bread. Food is a necessity, yet it is packaged and parceled on your world as a commodity from which to gain a profit. I will never understand this.”
“People pay for food on our world because it takes money to grow the food, package it, and transport it to where the people are,” Jessie said. “Even on your world, food has to go through these three steps. Who pays for that?”
“We don't use money. We exchange goods and services. What one community or area grows they use to feed themselves and the rest is shipped wherever it is needed.”
“Yeah, but who pays for that?” Max asked.
“No one pays for anything,” Master Menlow was becoming frustrated. The concept was as simple as it was global.  Each area and zone produced what that zone was capable of producing and the extras were sent to areas that couldn't produce those items. Each zone traded its excess for what it couldn't produce, and it resulted in enough for everyone. No individual owned the ore that came out of the ground or the wheat that was harvested.
 That's it, he thought. These people are used to living in egocentric areas called cities, provinces, and countries. They are taught to think small, think local.
How sad, he thought, and in a blinding moment of insight he understood the concept of competition that ruled their world. It pitted everyday people against each other, forcing them to vie for jobs, higher salaries, bigger houses, and better cars. And the instrument that fuelled this competition was their television that urged people to buy products that promised to deliver status and satisfaction - if you had the price and only for awhile. There was always something new and improved that upped the ante, and it was all just to line the pockets of a few individuals and corporations. Their world was like a bubble always threatening to burst its pretty facade, to reveal the nothingness inside.
“You are so caught up in your own individuality that you can't see just how easily it is turned against you,” Master Menlow said.
He turned to Max, “And it is your television that feeds the delusion that each individual has to purchase his identity through what he eats, drives, wears, or where he lives. You know, television is such a powerful tool for education on our world, and yes for entertainment as well; but on your world, your television can take you around the world and at the same time, isolate you from your neighbour.”
Max didn't like being preached to.
“It's easy to be an idealist when everything is handed to you,” Max said.
“Do you think the farmer who grows the crop thinks he is less of a member of our world than the Chairman of the World Board? I can assure you that isn't so. In fact, the previous chairman of our world is now a miner in the second quadrant, because he chose to go where he was needed. Our current chairman was a teacher in the first quadrant before she chose to serve.”
“No one on this world is limited by inaccessibility, whether it be to education, health care, or opportunity.” Master Menlow's voice rose slightly as he said this. There was a certain amount of pride in his voice that matched the prejudice in Max's.
“I guess I'm supposed to go 'Bah Humbug' at this point,” Max responded.
 Before Master Menlow could reply, Max waved his hand in the air, dismissing anything that he was about to say. Max turned his back on the three of them and went straight back to the door he had exited from, studiously avoiding the walkway.
Terry and Jessie couldn't look Master Menlow in the eye. They looked at each other, and then down at the ground. An awkward silence served only to enhance their embarrassment.
It was broken by the arrival of what looked to Jessie and Terry like a spaceship landing on the roof of the complex.
“What is that?” Terry asked.
“That is what our cars look like,” Master Menlow said.
*****
“This is a godless world,” Elsie said out loud, and put the book she was reading forcefully down on her bed. She had only read three chapters, but she had read enough to know what was going on in this world.
She paced up and down the length of her room, trying to digest what she had read and understand it. She went over in her mind the stories in that book about the origins of life and its development on this planet.
At least they're not embracing Darwinism here, she thought.
For these people, life was a combination of soul and flesh. So far, so good, she thought. That's what her bible had taught her. But it was their definition of soul that gnawed at the core of Elsie's beliefs.
“No one could quantify spirit,” she said out loud. “That's why it's called a spirit or a soul, because it belongs on a different level than the physical, and that's why the physical can't define it.”
She shook her head. The one passage dealing with the Gnostics was one she could understand. To her, the definition of Gnostic was akin to Paganism or heresy.
And to think those Gnostics were among the group that founded this world, she thought. Why they even mentioned having the founder of Christianity on this world, too. Elsie was aghast at the sheer nerve of using such a figure, twisting it the way they had to prove their point.
“It is heresy,” Elsie said, definite in her choice of words, and definite in her course of action.
She left her room in search of answers. When she entered the dining area, it was virtually empty of her fellow visitors or anyone at all. She found Harvey sitting in a corner reading a newspaper.
He looked up at her and smiled, “Did you know they don't use wood pulp for paper here - they use hemp?” he asked. “You know, the kind people smoke back on our world?” He chuckled at this until he saw the look on Elsie's face. She obviously wasn't in the mood for any of his witty remarks. Harvey considered himself full of these.
“Where's Master Menlow?” Elsie demanded.
“He stepped outside a few minutes ago,” Harvey said. “The door on your right.”
“What's wrong, Elsie?” Harvey asked.
“Just about everything,” she answered, her anger was so fierce it was making her dizzy. She sat down in the chair next to Harvey.
“I need to go home. I can't stay here,” she said, shaking her head. “I won't stay here!”
“But, Elsie, I think we're stuck here,” Harvey said, “at least for awhile, and wasn't it you that was telling us at dinner about how healthy you feel?”
“It doesn't mean a thing,” Elsie said, “not on this world, it doesn't. Do you know they have no religion here? There is no God here - this is a godless world!”
For Harvey that wasn't a problem, but he knew enough about Elsie to know that it was a major crisis for her. He could only imagine what it would be like to totally believe something for all your life, only to find out that it was merely a belief, a choice a person either made or was coerced into making by family and friends.
Harvey knew that for some people, Elsie included, religion was what kept these people going under the most dire of circumstances, and he admitted to himself that religion was often the cause of those dire circumstances. The religious wars of Ireland came to mind. He recalled images of children being shot in the street while they played ball, churches being bombed because they were located too close to their rival in religion, and the image of the new Islamic bomb that was being tested in the Middle East. He didn't share Elsie's concern about living on a godless world, but he did care about Elsie.
“Well, are you sure? Maybe they just don't call it religion here,” he said, patting Elsie's arm. “I know this world has a completely different spin on things than our world does.”
“I'm sure,” Elsie said.
Their conversation was interrupted by the sound of children's laughter. May, Sarah, and Wendy entered the room along with Sandra and her daughter Cindy, with Dr. Wilson following a few feet behind them.
As soon as Wendy saw Elsie, she started to walk over to her, but stopped a few feet away. She cocked her head to one side, looking at Elsie like a scientist would look at a new bug he had found.
“Something's wrong,” Wendy said, sure of herself as though the fact was evident to everyone. “I can tell,” she said proudly and turned to look at Cindy. “Right Cindy?” she said.
Cindy cocked her head and looked Elsie up and down, “Yup, you're normally all white and fluffy, but right now you got black fire coming out of you.”
Cindy walked over to where Elsie was sitting, put her hand on Elsie's arm, and, as she did this, Elsie could feel her anger fading away like a tub of dirty water whose clogged drain had just been cleared.
“No, Cindy,” Sandra tried to reach her before she could do anything, “you must never do that unless you are given permission to do that, you know that.”
Elsie felt surprisingly calm. Her emotions had dissipated so quickly that it was almost like a car coming to an abrupt halt. She tried to raise her anger and found she couldn't. She looked into Cindy's eyes. They were pure, clean and bright and Elsie caught a glint of pride in them.
“What did you just do?” Elsie asked.
“Um, um, um,” Cindy stammered, shifting her weight from one foot to the other as if weighing her options, twiddling her fingers, and avoiding meeting Elsie's eyes.
For a moment the question hung in the air, waiting for an answer until Dr. Wilson broke the silence.
“Cindy has a gift. So does Wendy,” Dr. Wilson said, “and she just used it on you. I apologize because such a gift is meant to be used only when requested,” she gave Cindy a stern look, “but Cindy is young and still learning.”
“What did she do?” Elsie demanded.
“Cindy can read the body's auras, and she knows when someone is upset or hurt, because the aura changes colour under those circumstances, and she can locate and remove the source of the trouble.”
“But what if I want to be upset?” Elsie said.
“That's why it has to be asked for,” Dr. Wilson said.
At that point Elsie couldn't muster enough anger to raise even the smallest hair on her head.
“She's psychic?” Harvey asked, mouth open in a wide smile. Now here was something he could understand, he thought.
“In a way,” Dr. Wilson responded. “She doesn't read fortunes or anything like that. I understand that's what psychics do on your world?”
Harvey nodded.
“Well, we have known on this world for thousands of years that there is an aspect to the mind that supersedes the physical. I'm sure you know people on your world that seem to know things are going to happen, or who can find something that's been lost?”
Harvey nodded. He immediately thought of Barb.
“On this world, there are many people who have this gift. It's just used differently here,” Dr. Wilson said.
“For example, Cindy and Wendy could both become very important diagnosticians and healers on this world, because they can not only see where the problem is, they have the ability to heal it, whether it is emotional or physical.”
“That's a miracle, and only God does miracles,” Elsie had rediscovered the root of her anger and upset.
“There is no God here,” she said, crossing her arms across her chest in defence of her belief.
“What is God?” Sarah asked. She had been waiting for enough of a pause to get her two cents in.
Elsie just stared at Sarah.
“Actually, that's a good question,” Dr. Wilson said. “What is God Elsie?”
The question took Elsie by surprise. How could she explain God to someone who had never believed in Him? Because a child had asked the question, she tried to explain.
“God is the Being that made this world, at least the world we live on, and it became such a wicked place that it needed someone to come down from God's home in heaven and sacrifice Himself on behalf of the whole world to save it from its sinful ways. That was Jesus Christ, you know. He's the reason we celebrate Christmas. And everyone who follows Christ's teachings in the bible belongs to Christianity.”
“And what was Christ's message to your world, Elsie?” Dr. Wilson asked gently.
“Well, that we should love one another and not hurt each other, and live peacefully together,” she answered.
“And that's what your world is like?” Dr. Wilson's question was barbed; Elsie could feel the sting of it.
“Well, my world isn't a perfect place yet,” she replied.
“And how long has this message been on your world?”
Elsie stopped and took a breath. Very quietly she said, “two thousand years.”
“But it's not that simple,” Elsie protested. “Not everybody is a Christian on my world. If they were, then it would be a much better place.”
“Would that make it perfect?” Dr. Wilson asked. “Would that mean that there would be no more wars, no more killing, no more crime, and everyone would get what they needed to live a happy, healthy life?”
“Well, that could never be true,” Elsie scoffed at the notion. “That would make it heaven on earth, and the bible says that can never be.”
“Because the world is imperfect, right?” Dr. Wilson asked.
“It's not just the Christian churches that say so. Every religion says much the same thing, that the world is imperfect.” Elsie felt her beliefs were under personal attack.
“So if every religion teaches its followers that they must have faith in what the church leaders preach from their pulpits in order to create a better world, how can they claim that a better world is not possible, or at the very least highly improbable?”
“It's always sounded like an exercise in frustration to me,” Harvey said.
Elsie glared at him.
“Elsie, I am not making light of your beliefs,” Dr. Wilson said. “I admire you for having the convictions that have shaped the way you are, and the way you think, and the way you behave to other people. And you're right - if everyone believed in those principles, then there could be what you call heaven on earth.”
Dr. Wilson paused, not sure of how far she could go with Elsie.
“Those are the principles this world was founded on, and the historical figures who shaped the very first beginnings of mankind, preaching brotherly love and tolerance on your world, were part of our world too. What we never developed was a bureaucratic system that told people when and where, or how to honour that force that created your world and ours. We never let the message of Christ, Buddha, and many others be taken over by the few, so that only those faithful to those few would reap the benefits of spirituality after they were dead.” Dr. Wilson paused, looking at Elsie before she continued.
“Our founding fathers were from your world, and they knew what organized religion did, how it burned the villages of those who belonged to other churches and faiths, how they plundered and robbed each other of choice and liberty. How they manipulated religious organizations for personal gain. Surely, Elsie, you know enough of your history to know that the message of Christ is far different from the face of organized religion today.” Dr. Wilson stopped and took a deep breath.
Elsie knew truth when she heard it. She nodded her head in agreement.
“Not everyone here believes that some kind of super being created this world, and yours,” Dr. Wilson said, “but, personally, I believe these worlds are much too complex and intricate to have happened by accident.”
“So what does your super being look like?” Elsie asked.
“I don't know, I never met him, or her,” Dr. Wilson added and chuckled softly.
Elsie chuckled, too.
“What about this psychic thing?” Harvey asked. He had been wanting to get more information on this as soon as it was brought up.
“Wendy, what colour am I?” he asked.
“Oh, you're green, and a little pink here and there,” she answered.
“This is not a parlour trick,” Dr. Wilson warned, and she turned to Wendy, “you must never think of it that way.”
“So what makes her special?” Harvey asked.
“It's all in the way the brain chemistry works,” Dr. Wilson said. “We have found that approximately three per cent of our population has this ability, and it only started showing up regularly fifteen years ago. We think it is part of the ongoing evolution of man,” Dr. Wilson glanced at Elsie. “Not Darwinism Elsie, but every living thing changes to adapt to the conditions we live in. Look at you, you have had to live in a highly polluted atmosphere for most of your life, yet you are very healthy. How many others who grew up with you are still alive and healthy?”
“Of my age group? Well, I'm the last one that I know of,” she said. “The rest are all gone.”
“We suspect that the increase in the number of people with this gift is happening on your world, too, but it probably goes unnoticed. We encourage discoveries like this. We don't try to hide them or use them for profit.”
“How come I'm not like that then?” Sarah asked. “Me 'n her are the same,” she pointed at Wendy. Sarah was feeling somewhat uncomfortable in this situation. She had always been the confident one, the one with friends, the one who always did things first, like riding a bike or swimming without water wings. This situation was new, and as far as Sarah was concerned, decidedly not in her favour.
“You do look exactly the same on the outside, but we are at a disadvantage over the two of you. You see, we don't have twins on this world. It just doesn't happen here,” Dr. Wilson said.
“Why not?” Sarah asked.
“Another good question,” Dr. Wilson said, “and one we are still trying to find an answer for.”

Chapter 17

A whole world away, Dave sat in his car, hunched down as far as he could. He kept glancing across the street at the house he was watching. It was nothing fancy to look at, there was no manicured lawn, no carefully structured flowerbed, and the elm tree in the front yard looked a bit raggedy.
“You'd think such a big shot would have a better house than that,” Dave thought, or at least with his money he could have had it painted. 
The street was quiet now, but when Dave had first stopped by to check out Granger's house, there was way too much activity. As a former reporter, Dave could spot the undercover government cars that rode past at predetermined intervals.
“Hell, they even have the standard government-issue suit,” Dave said out loud. “The more things change, the more they have to stay the same.”
He went back to reading today's issue of The Northern Chronicle. Frank's doing a good job keeping up with this story, Dave thought, and if I have any luck here tonight, we're going to have another big scoop within the next few days.
Dave chuckled. The past two days had been remarkable, starting with the photos of Pitwell's Place. The barrage of interest started with phone calls from City Hall as soon as the issue with Frank's photos hit the streets. By ten o'clock, the government boys and police were in The Chronicle's offices, demanding negs and waiving court injunctions in his face. By noon, all the big boys in the media were at his office door, asking for permission to reprint.
To everyone, he had the same response. An impish little smile and the word no. He hadn't had this much fun since his reporting days when he had amassed more than enough proof that the local mining company had forced underground miners, some with broken legs, not to report to a hospital to have it looked after. They had kept those men underground, given them triage treatment in the dirty lunch room, and swore everyone there to secrecy, forcing the injured to sign agreements stating that it was their choice not to go to the hospital. It hadn't been hard to do; jobs with the mining company paid good money, and at that time they were just about the only employer in town. But when the story about how one miner's leg turned green from gangrene and had to be cut off, even after an official inquiry blamed the miner for his own injuries, people started talking and saving anything that could prove how the company treated its employees. Dave had spent three years on the story, amassing documents, recording interviews about the underground triage to the mercury in the showers, as well as the three underground PCB spills that ended up in the watershed. Dave had solid proof to back up his story, but when he was ready to go to press with it, his bosses killed the story. The big brass at the paper didn't have the necessary steel balls when it came time to take on the company.
But this time, this time, Dave thought, I am the brass, and they are not going to cover up the mess the big boys have made this time. One of Frank's articles published the estimated cost of the damage to the city. It was well into the millions and 45 people were missing, at this point presumed dead, and one of them was Terry - his Terry.
Earlier today he had gone through her house looking for anything that might give him a clue. Other than the research papers that were strewn all over her living room floor, there was nothing. No contact sheets waiting to be printed, and no photos hanging up to dry.
Even her computer was wiped, and that spoke volumes to Dave. He knew enough about Terry to know that she should have had story files on her hard drive, but everything going back six months was gone, including copies of stories he had recently printed, and her floppy disk case was empty. Her e-mail file was cleaned out, too.
Somebody had been very thorough here, and the only creature he could ask couldn't speak. Mun had followed Dave's progress throughout his search, mewling every now and then, until Dave had fed him, gave him fresh water, and, disgustedly cleaned his litter box. He didn't know a cat could fill a box so fast.
When he left Terry's place, Dave knew he was being watched. He could feel it, but he couldn't spot the watcher. Instead of going straight home, he decided it would be a good time to do some window shopping, something he absolutely hated, and he forced himself to go to three different malls until that shadowed feeling went away. Then he headed home to decide what his next move would be. It only took him an hour to find Granger's address and settle on a plan.
He drove past the house in the early evening to get the lay of the land, and that's when he spotted the unmarked local cruisers. Hell, he could identify the drivers; he knew them all by sight, name, and rank, but it was the other 'tourists' that made regular drive-bys that he couldn't identify. This street was too residential, the kind where everybody knew what kind of car everyone else drove, and simply by watching the resident's reactions to the increased traffic, Dave had known these other cars didn't belong here any more than he did. He left and came back after dark, to sit, and wait, and watch. The streetlights came on in their ordered sequences, and by late evening the street had calmed to the rhythm of a neighbourhood settling in for the night.
In the quiet of the darkness, he slipped out of his car and around the back of Granger's house. The windows were low to the ground, but each one he checked was locked and there was a set of blinds on each, blocking out any light, and keeping the secrets of the contents of rooms within. The backyard was lined with a six-foot cedar fence, and the trees gave Dave some shelter from neighbour’s eyes. He worked up his courage and tried the back porch door. It opened, and he stepped in, closing it quickly. Inside the porch was another door, bordered by two screen windows.
“Oh, I'm lucky tonight,” Dave whispered. One of the windows was partially opened, and Dave took a pen from his pocket, slit the screen, and pushed open the inside windowpane. There was just enough room for his middle-age pudge to slip through, but not enough room to allow him to make a graceful three-point landing on the kitchen floor. Ultimately, he splatted through the window and plopped on the floor.
He waited to see if the noise of his landing had been heard. No lights from neighbouring windows came on - the neighbourhood hadn't taken notice. He listened carefully for the sound of a cat or dog. Mun had certainly taught him a lesson in stealth.
“I can't imagine Granger with a pet,” Dave said to himself, and he started his search. The kitchen he was in was small and spartan - a table and chair, nothing hanging on the walls, no calendars, no pictures, nothing. This room had one purpose only.
Dave checked out the living room, passed on the bathroom, and made his way upstairs. There were only two rooms up here, one a bedroom, the other obviously a home office.
The bedroom was just as utile as the kitchen, and Dave concentrated his efforts on the den. He switched on the computer, but he needed a password to get into the files and he didn't want to waste time doing that. He checked the walls to see if something could be hiding a wall safe, but Granger obviously wasn't big on decorations of any kind. The walls were bare.
The only other place to look was in the desk. Dave pulled on the top drawer, expecting and finding that it was locked. He went back to the kitchen, rifled through some drawers there until he found a knife that would do the trick.
It took him a few minutes to jiggle the drawer in the den, but it gave up its hold on itself and popped open. There was nothing but a few pens and paper clips here, so he went through the desk methodically, popping each drawer until he found the right one.
“I got you, you bastard,” Dave said out loud. He grabbed the file folder with that intriguing logo on the cover that no one had wanted to explain, and made his way to his point of entry to the house as quickly and quietly as he could. When he got to the porch door that had been left open for him, he paused, listening. He was about to push open the door when he was sure he heard the soft brush of fabric against the bark of a tree. He dropped down to his knees, scanning the backyard for signs of movement. At that moment, he heard the sirens from police cars.
They must be about a block away, Dave thought, beginning to sweat just a little.
His eye caught the sight of movement at the back of the yard, and he was almost certain he saw someone slither over the fence and out of sight. The sirens were getting closer.
“It's now or never,” Dave said to himself. He pushed the porch door open, almost dived down the stairs and tripped at the bottom. He rolled with the fall into the shrubs next to the fence, and pushed himself through them, scratching his arms and hands, tearing holes in his shirt. There was just enough space between the hedge and the fence for him to crawl the length of the driveway under cover. When he reached the sidewalk, he spurted the short distance down the street to his car, started it, and got the hell out of there.
“God, that was fun,” he said.
*****
“How do you hitch a ride on one of those things?” Jessie asked. She watched as the 'car' slid to a graceful halt on top of the building. There was no engine whine, nor the mechanical sound of brake pressure being applied. It danced to its landing spot.
The car's lines were sleek, and from what Jessie could see, obviously aerodynamically designed for flight.
“I guess there are no traffic jams with those babies,” Terry said.
Master Menlow nodded.
“There are only so many allowed in use at any given time,” he replied, “but anyone can use one. You just have to book it,” he said.
“What kind of gas do you use for that?” Terry asked.
Master Menlow furrowed his brow. “Gas?” he asked.
“Yea, what powers that thing,” she replied.
“Oh, well, everything here is ultimately powered by neutrinos,” he answered.
“How?” Terry asked.
“We harnessed the neutrino's energy a long time ago. It, as well as solar power, is limitless and abundant,” Master Menlow said. “I gather you don't use solar power on your world?”
“Well, some people keep on trying, but there's too much money invested in coal, gas, and oil.” Terry said, in a voice dripping with sarcasm, “Why it would destroy our whole economy.”
“Pity,” Master Menlow said, “destroy or pollute, on this world neither is an option that would ever be considered.”
“What's the range on those?” Jessie couldn't find a word to describe it; car was totally inadequate.
“It's officially just a transport, but most people call them eagles,” Menlow said, “and the world is their range. They can go the full circumference of the planet in three hours, less if the driver is aggressive and catches the right air current, more if the passenger is out for some sightseeing. I can take you out tomorrow if you want.”
Both Jessie and Terry nodded their heads eagerly. “All right” they replied in unison.
“If you will excuse me, ladies,” Master Menlow said, “that eagle probably brought someone I will have to speak to, so I had best be on my way. Good evening, and I will see you tomorrow morning.”
After Master Menlow was well out of earshot, Jessie turned to Terry and said, “I was almost sure this afternoon, but now I know.”
“Know what?” Terry asked.
“Well, we spent today looking over their labs and talking to their techies, and every time a question about neutrinos or energy was asked, they avoided answering. They are not telling us everything about this world.”
“Did you expect them to?” Terry asked.
“No, but I did expect that they would have concrete answers about how we ended up here, but, surprise, they didn't. They should have, too, if they have been able to harness the energy of the neutrino then they must know. What's important is why they don't want us to know.”
“Well, can you imagine what being able to harness such an abundant and cheap source of energy would mean on our world?” Terry said. It sounded like a question but she knew Jessie well enough to know that this question didn't need to be answered.
Jessie stared off in the distance as though trying to focus on the horizon that represented the rest of the picture of this world.
“It's more than that,” Jessie said. “Remember when we first met these people? Just before they moved the lab here? Remember what the head honcho said?”
Terry thought back, shook her head. She didn't know what Jessie was referring to.
“She said that Mark Starr worked for and with their group. You know what that means. He's one of them...and if he's one of them, then they've been travelling in between the worlds for some time,” Jessie said.
“And that means we can go home,” Terry said. As soon as she said it, she realized the implications of this knowledge.
“Why haven't they taken us back yet?” Terry asked.
“We represent a problem to them,” Jessie answered. “If we go back...then our world knows not only about this world, but about the technology that is available here. They are trying to keep our world in the dark.”
“Can't say as I blame them,” Terry said.
“There has to be more to it than just not being willing to share,” Jessie was thinking out loud, “look at how free they were to help Elsie with her medical condition. It just doesn't fit that they don't care or just want to keep this to themselves.”
“But they are,” Terry said. “At least that's what it looks like.”
“And there's more,” Jessie said. “I have a strong hunch that Granger knows the whole situation, too. I think he knows that we have the ability to go home. So why would he keep it to himself?”
Terry didn't have any answers. She just shivered at the things she was thinking and at the coolness the desert brought with it in the evening.
*****
Max hadn't gone far after he went back inside the building. He didn't like Jessie, or Terry, or Menlow, or this whole fucking world, he thought to himself. It was too clean, too polite, and too peaceful for his taste or his attitude.  And he had been waiting to get one of this world's good citizens in his sights for a while, just so he could follow one of them around for a change. It had bugged Max that almost anywhere he had gone, there was Master Menlow trailing along. Well, this time, Max decided, I'm going to be the one doing the following.
He waited in a large entryway until Master Menlow returned inside.
He looks preoccupied, Max thought, this should give me an edge. As his quarry hurried along corridors and up some stairs, Max tagged along, shrinking behind whatever cover was available.
At the top of a flight of stairs, Menlow disappeared through another door and Max hesitated before opening it. He put his ear against the door but could hear nothing. Cautiously, he pulled it open a small fraction, and saw the crowd around what looked like a combination car and airplane. He closed the door quickly when the crowd began to move towards his door.
He raced back down the stairs, looking for cover, and ducked into an empty side room, thankful that his luck was still holding. He held the door of this room slightly open and waited, hoping to catch some of the conversation of those descending the steps.
“Granger is the danger here,” Master Menlow said. “He has an agenda way beyond scientific discovery. He's in it for the money.”
“Definitely,” came an agreement in a voice Max didn't recognize.
“But what do we do about it?” another asked.
“There's always the memory wipe,” another voice answered, and the footfalls and the conversation faded down the hall as the group passed out of earshot of Max.
He waited awhile before opening the door cautiously, looking up and down the corridor for movement and listening for sound. When he was satisfied that they had passed him by, he stepped into the hall, unsure of which way he should go. He started in the direction the group had gone, but soon realized that they must have turned off somewhere, and decided to go back and check out that apparatus on the roof.
*****
Master Menlow had hurried to the landing pad on the roof of the complex. This eagle was bringing troubled news, news that he knew would affect the visitors here. He personally liked all of the visitors, even Max, he thought. These people were so different from the people of this world.
Different and the same, he said softly. They were all too human in their virtues and their vices. Elsie was the ultimate paradox that Christianity could produce - someone who lived her life according to their belief system but at the same time shared the intolerance that only a religion could engender.
Harvey, Bert, and Barb were just ordinary folks caught up in a world where the coinage was greed and the product was poverty for the many.
But Terry and Jessie were two exceptions to the rule. The first was a truth seeker in a world governed by perception, and the second was a scientist who sought truth in the perceived finality of science.
“They do make for an interesting pair,” Master Menlow said out loud.
He took the stairs to the roof two at a time, and still didn't get there before Dr. Callum. She was truly the ubiquitous director, always on top of a situation almost before it started.
“We have reports from their world,” Callum said, hefting the briefcase the pilot had just handed to her, “and they are getting too close to the truth. The delaying tactic is not going to work anymore.”
“But they can't have any solid information,” Master Menlow said.
“Granger kept a second set of documents at his home,” she said, “and one enterprising editor went in and stole them.”
“How much did Granger know for sure?” Menlow asked.
“A lot more than he has let on. We are going to have a meeting right now with him.”
Menlow followed Callum to the boardroom. This time the room wasn't full of people. There were only Menlow, Callum, Granger, Starr, and two other members of the complex's administration. Menlow recognized the two board members and knew exactly why they were here. The question was: Did Granger know why they were here, Menlow wondered.
He looked at Granger. Granger casually leaned against the edge of the table, his eyes roaming the room, carefully watching those who were carefully watching him.
Dr. Callum was the first to sit down, and with a nod of her head she invited Granger to take a seat as well.
He pushed back the chair next to him and sat down. One board member took the seat opposite Granger, and the other sat beside him. Granger got up and moved two seats down.
He knows something about what's going on here, Menlow thought; he wouldn't have moved otherwise.
Menlow looked at Callum. Her eyes narrowed and she tilted her head slightly at Menlow. He took a seat next to Granger.
Granger looked at Menlow, eyeing him the way a boxer in the ring sizes up his opponent in the seconds before the bell sounds the call to fight, but Granger stayed where he was seated.
Dr. Callum took two files out of her briefcase and placed them on the table. She shoved one of the files down the table to within Granger's reach.
“Do you recognize these?” Callum asked Granger.
The graphic on the front told the story.
“Of course. Those are the research papers from the lab,” he said. “I'm certainly glad they survived the trip here.”
“Are these the ones from the lab, or the ones you kept in your desk at home?” Callum asked.
Granger swallowed hard. “Er, what do you mean?”
“You know exactly what I mean, DR. Granger,” Callum said. “Oh, these are the records from the lab, but we also now know that a duplicate set of these was stolen from your home.”
Granger looked down at the table. “That's impossible.”
“Then why did someone break into your home, and the only thing that was disturbed was your desk. Why would someone go to all the trouble of prying open the locked drawers?”
“Because they thought something valuable was in there?” Granger asked sarcastically. His sarcasm belied the knot that was forming in the pit of his stomach. No one could possibly know about his private deal with Charger. Hadn't he begged the government for public money to do his research, he asked himself. Hadn't he done everything they had wanted? In the end, all they had given him were bits and pieces of their leftover offices and a loan of some hard water. Charger was the only one who put real money where his mouth was. Granger knew that the technology he had uncovered here was going to pay off Charger's little investment, and bring to himself the personal rewards he knew he should have. He just couldn't let the game end here, and, besides, he reassured that knot he was feeling, they couldn't possible know about Charger; they couldn't even know just how much he knew and had learned today. This was a fishing expedition on their part, he thought, and the knot in his stomach began to untie itself.  They have nothing, he thought, just play dumb a little longer, he warned himself.
“Well, there are some intriguing questions being asked by an editor with the local paper, and he's asking all the right people.” Callum and Menlow stared at Granger, hoping for a reaction on his face or in his body language.
Granger tensed. Careful, careful, he warned himself. He splayed his hands flat out on the table like a gambler trying to show his hands were empty of extra cards.
“You'll just have to ask the editor that question,” Granger answered. “I'm sure you are much better at getting the truth out of someone than I am.”
Granger smiled. Let them chew on that one for a while, he thought. Granger recognized this game of chicken. They wanted a confirmation he was not going to give, and at the same time they had held back on the information they were willing to share with him.
He saw the look on Menlow's face and knew he had scored a point.
The silence in the room was finally broken by the rustling of papers as Dr. Callum put the file back into her case.
“Oh, is the interview over?” Granger asked, as he pushed his chair away from the table and got to his feet. 
Master Menlow followed his lead, and as he went to stand caught his foot on the chair and stumbled into Granger. He held on to Granger's arm a little longer than necessary.
“Sorry,” Master Menlow said.
Granger pulled his arm away as quickly as possible and left the room.
After Granger had made his exit, those left in the room got down to their real discussion.
“How do you read him?” Dr. Callum asked.
The two board members that Granger had avoided as much as possible just shook their heads.
Dr. Callum looked at Master Menlow.
“I have never encountered such a complex and devious intelligence in my entire life,” Master Menlow said.
“Reading his mind is like trying to follow a single thread through an entire tapestry. That man has an incredibly powerful mind with layers upon layers of thinking processes that intertwine like latticework on a wicker chair. If he had been born on this world and grown up here, we would have solved the Jupiter problem, and there would be a colony there now, I am sure.” Master Menlow shook his head.
“But he is definitely holding a great deal back. I tried to follow one of his thoughts back to its beginnings, but every time I latched on to one, he would make a turn onto a tangent that had nothing to do with what we were talking about. I do believe there was an area like a black hole in his mind that only he can access. I apologize, but even if I had had the time to reach it, I'm not so sure I could have read it. I believe he knows that we have empathic people here, and he played the game as well as any of us could have if we didn't wish to be read. He is a dangerous man.”
“Then we wipe his memory,” Dr. Callum said.
“I don't know that we can, or that we should,” Master Menlow cautioned.
“Solving this problem is critical to the continued good health of this world and the progress on their world,” Dr. Callum said. “We can't allow their world to know about us yet. They would overrun us. What do you suggest we do?”
“I suggest we keep them here for awhile longer. It may be possible to convince Granger that what we are doing is better for both worlds,” Master Menlow said. “I think the key will be to convince Granger that it is in his best interest, too. Where else would he be allowed the scientific freedom to follow through on his theories and experiments?”
“I think you are asking the impossible and expecting the improbable,” Dr. Callum said.
“But just think, from our visitor's point of view, haven't we already done that with this world?” Master Menlow asked gently.
“Point taken,” Dr. Callum said. “I'll give you a few more days, but depending on what happens on their world, we may have to cut short your little experiment in moral persuasion.”
Master Menlow sighed. He had bought a little more time.
“However,” Dr. Callum warned, “we do have to set up some counter measures just in case those papers of Granger's stay in the wrong hands long enough for anyone to use them.”
“No,” Dr. Callum said, as Master Menlow started to object. Callum put her hand in the air signalling him to stop.
“I know we have never had need of an army or any type of military force after the war that unified this world, but we may just need one now, and I will not put this world at risk. Our technology is easily adaptable to defence and we will be prepared to defend ourselves.”
Dr. Callus closed the file in front of her and rose from her chair.
Master Menlow knew that the discussion was over, and the available time frame for solutions was short and final.

Chapter 18

That first night on this New World was a long and restless one for many of the visitors, as well as for Master Menlow. Every time he closed his eyes, the images of the Unification War filled his mind.  It had always stood as a final benchmark, a delineating line between the heights of what man could achieve and the depths to which man could fall in the pursuit of personal gain. Wresting and keeping control of this world out of the hands of the profiteers and manipulators had been a long, and, at times, bloody process, where ordinary people lost their lives alongside of those who had come to this world to make it better.
Even though the technological advantage was with the first-worlders, the outsiders here, they had been reluctant to use it. But in the end there had been too many fires to put out for them not to use what they had. From the ashes of this conflict, they rebuilt this world for everyone and it was a system that had worked for thousands of years. Until now.
The very thought of raising a weapon against a fellow human being, no matter how evil and perverted that individual was, made Master Menlow shudder. And it wasn't just this world that had benefited from the plans laid down by the first-worlders who had come here. Over the years they had carefully shared their technology with the first world as its civilization had developed, hoping to shape that world, to balance the system for the benefit of all.
But their aid to the world of their origin had been a patchwork quilt of small interventions that came easily unravelled by the first world's ability, and yes by their own willingness, Master Menlow thought, to look at everything in terms of profit and loss measured by personal gain. Menlow turned over onto his side, pushing away these troubling thoughts. He tried instead to concentrate on the accomplishments this world had made, but that only showed him just how much could be lost in any confrontation with the first world.
*****
Terry, too, tossed and turned well into the night. For her, the images she had been shown of this world flowed through her mind like a dream. The scenes playing out in her mind were peaceful and idyllic, the ultimate image of that special place where everyone wanted to be, especially in times of crisis, and yet it brought her little rest. The contrast between where she was now and where she was from was a dichotomy that would not be resolved and darker thoughts invaded the tranquillity of her semiconscious dreams, keeping her in a sleepless state.
Why haven't they just sent us back, Terry asked herself, or at least offered us a place here? Why haven't they even told us that there was a way to go back? Are we prisoners here? There were no answers for her this night, and she vowed that tomorrow there would be as many answers as she could ferret out.
*****
While the others were tossing and turning, Max was busy making plans. Throughout his entire life, Max had always been able to create some luck for himself, to gain a critical advantage over those he counted as opponents. Today had been no exception, starting with his decision to follow Menlow, followed by the sheer luck of finding the empty room he had used for cover. 
After the voices had trailed off down the hall, Max made his way back up to the roof. When he opened the door and looked out, all he saw was that incredible machine and one individual standing next to it. He donned as casual a look as possible and walked over to the machine.
“What exactly is this?” Max asked, pointing at the car/plane.
“We call it an eagle,” the man replied. “It's how we get around here.”
“And before you ask,” the man continued, “if you want a ride, you have to book it.”
Before Max could ask how to do just that, the man interjected.
“You're a visitor, aren't you?”
Max nodded.
“Talk to Master Menlow about it tomorrow. In fact, I think he has already scheduled some tours for you,” the man said.
“Can I just take a quick look inside?” Max asked.
The man looked around the roof, checking to see if there was anyone else around. When he saw no one, he nodded, then pressed a button on the side of the vehicle. A door slid open and some steps unfurled from the bottom of the opening.
Max followed the man up the stairs. “Are you the pilot?” he asked.
“This time I am, but nearly everyone on this world knows how to operate the eagle,” he replied. “It's a requirement.”
Max thought he had stepped into the ultimate in luxury transportation. The inside was much bigger than he would have thought, given the exterior dimensions, and it was beautiful.
Max whistled. There was no back and front seat arrangement like in a car, and no rows of seats like on an airplane. The back of the eagle was filled with a ring of thick plush chairs that surrounded a table. Even with a quick glance, Max knew the seats were comfortable, designed for a relaxing trip of almost any length, and the table probably contained one of those computers with a screen that popped up at the push of a button.
God, they're big on push buttons here, Max thought. He ran his hand along the edge of the table, and it didn't take him long to find the computer control he expected.
The windows were greyed out; to Max, they looked like smoke-filled mirrors, and when he tried to look through them, all he saw was a foggy representation of his own reflection. Not liking what he saw, he turned his attention to the front of the eagle.
“Now this looks like a cockpit,” Max said to the pilot.
There were two bucket seats, again thick for comfort, a steering wheel that resembled an airplane's, and surround windows that gave whoever sat in those seats a clear and wide-angled view.
“Must be complicated, wind factors, air speed, altitude, stuff like that,” Max said.
“Not really. Like everything else on this world, the computer does all the drudge work for us,” he said, as he switched on the machine.
The control panel lit up, and Max could see that it was running automatic checks.
“But how do you tell it where you want to go?” Max asked.
“Can you read a map?” the pilot asked. Max nodded.
The pilot punched another button and on the window in front of the pilot's seat a map of the world was projected.
“You can either tell it where you want to go, or type in the co-ordinates,” the pilot said.
“And it can fly anywhere?” Max asked.
“This eagle, in the right hands, can skim along the ocean's surface or take you higher into the atmosphere than your lungs would appreciate,” the pilot said, and Max saw the pride of a driver in his face.
Max sat in what he assumed was the co-pilot's seat.
“I have a license to fly back on my earth,” he said, “but we don't have anything like this.”
Max stared at the control panel in front of him. He ran his hands along the rows of buttons, lingering on each one, wanting to press them just to see what they would do.
He pushed a little too hard on one and a complete set of parameters was displayed on the windshield. The map of the earth had disappeared, and its place was taken with a round reddish object displayed against a star-strewn background, and the globe on the screen was dotted with tiny squares. Beside it was a list of what looked like co-ordinates to Max but before he could ask any questions, the pilot reached over and switched the machine off.
“It's getting late, and I have to shut it down for the night,” the pilot said, ushering Max out of the eagle, watching as Max slowly and deliberately strode through the door to the stairs.
After the door had closed, Max laughed softly to himself.
Well, that was very informative, he thought. Now I have access to transportation. All he needed was a few more pieces of this puzzle, and probably an ally, and then Max would let them all know just what he thought of this all-too-perfect world.
As his head hit the pillow, the question of who would be on his side was answered. Granger's image came fully into view in his mind's eye before Max fell into a deep and proper sleep.
*****
May spent a restless night. She sat in the darkness, gathering her thoughts and trying to sort through all the bits and pieces of information that had flooded her mind this day. Even though she was exhausted and her mind was fogged by facts that she just couldn't seem to link together in a formal pattern, she sat there trying to clear pathways in her mind that would show her a straight line to the truth.
She stared at her two daughters sleeping soundly. She took comfort in their soft and easy breathing as they dreamt the night away.
Children can adapt to anything, May thought. It would be so wonderful to just simply accept things as they were and let someone else do the worrying. But she couldn't do that. Her whole life had been one of trying to hang on long enough until things got better, until, as time had passed, there eventually came that moment of realization that things were as good as they were ever going to be.
Until now, until here, she thought. This world represented everything that May had ever dreamed of and the one thing that she had never expected to find - hope.
It must be a strange new world for both her girls, she thought, Sarah so used to being in charge and Wendy so used to being subject to the emotional turmoil of others. But now Wendy knew why she felt the way she did, and, if the people on this world were right about Wendy, Wendy had found a place where she could grow and blossom into everything she was born to be.
May still didn't understand the how or why of Wendy, or why Sarah didn't seem to share Wendy's ability; they were twins after all, for all intents and purposes identical on the outside. Maybe one is just the flip side of the coin of genetics these two share, May thought.
She felt her eyes closing as she sat in the chair, and knew that the opportunity to actually sleep was now. As she slipped under the sheets on the bed, her mind shut the doors, locking the fog and the roaming thoughts outside her consciousness, and she finally fell asleep.
*****
Granger paced the length of his room, sorting and sifting through the information he had gleaned today. He hadn't allowed himself to acknowledge these thoughts during the day. He knew there were many people on this world that could, in a sense, read minds. Oh, he knew they couldn't pick up his thoughts directly, but he knew some of them had the ability to sense what he was thinking and follow it through to its logical conclusion.
It had certainly been a game of wills when Menlow had grabbed his arm at that meeting. That had been a bit of a surprise to him. He had spotted the other two board members as soon as he had entered that room, and he could feel their presence and their attention on him, but he had assumed that some contact was needed.
Game, set, and match, Menlow, Granger thought. You didn't get what you wanted.
Granger listed in his mind what he felt were the most important facts to take back with him, and he would get back to his world, of that he was sure. They have the ability to travel between worlds, and Granger was positive they also had the ability to travel in space. One of the computer generated-models he had seen in Starr's office was a blueprint of what Granger was sure was the terraforming of Mars. And it hadn't been a projection of what was possible. Before Starr could stop the program, Granger had seen graphics that showed how much of the work had already been done.
They have colonies on other planets. Granger almost said it out loud before he could stop himself. Paranoid, he looked closely at the walls and the ceiling in his room, inspecting them carefully. He couldn't find anything that looked like a camera or a microphone. But then again, he asked himself, would I know it if I saw it?
He settled on his agenda for the next day. He was going to find out exactly where they had transported his lab, and then he was going to go over it with a fine-toothed comb to rig it for his journey back home.
As he lay down on the bed, a state of sleepy dreaming came over him, bringing faint images that faded in and out of his waking mind. For some strange reason Max's face came into Granger's mind, and he could only barely wonder why before he, too, drifted off to sleep.
*****
As promised, the next day Master Menlow offered tours to the visitors, but not everyone was ready to take him up on his offer.
May decided that her girls needed to be around other children and declined the offer, and most of Granger's technicians wanted to head straight back to learning about the complex itself.
“So where to today?” Jessie asked Master Menlow.
“Well, I thought you might like to meet some of our scientists and see the type of work they are doing,” Master Menlow replied.
“I'm game,” Terry said.
Bert, Barb, and Harvey hung back at the edge of the group that had gathered around Master Menlow. They weren't quite sure they would be able to keep up on a scientific expedition.
Master Menlow could feel their hesitation.
“Actually, the complexes are built within some interesting areas that are used for a multitude of purposes. Where we are going,” he indicated to Jessie and Terry, “there is a mountain range that has trails you can explore.”
Bert and Barb were immediately interested. Bert poked Harvey in the ribs, “there won't be any little voices telling you where to go, and there won't be any arrows leading you down the aisle,” Bert teased.
“Okay, okay,” Harvey agreed.
Master Menlow looked at Elsie.
“Oh, go on,” she said. “I've got mountains in my mind to climb, and there are some people that the Doctor told me about yesterday. It seems you do have,” and Elsie was at a loss to find the right words to express what she was looking for, “I guess you would call them spiritual groups, but they seem proper Christian to me.”
“Well, that just leaves you two,” Master Menlow turned to Max and Granger.
“Might as well,” Max said, and Granger put on a show of reluctant agreement.
*****
The group made their way to the roof of the complex and waited for their transportation. Again Jessie was awed at the smooth and silent running of the machine as it settled gently down on the mark.
“This is a little bigger than the eagle,” Master Menlow explained. “It should hold us all comfortably.”
Jessie and Terry were the first up the steps, eager to inspect the inside of this bus. Again, it seemed much larger on the inside than one would have guessed, but it did have the traditional seating arrangement of a small but luxurious bus. There were two rows of seats, two deep with an aisle in between; and, as though they were kids going on a school trip, Jessie and Terry each claimed a window seat.
Granger moved to the back window and sat down next to it. Max took the seat next to him.
The others followed, cautiously choosing seating that reflected their preferences and their fears.
“I've never flown before,” Harvey confessed to Master Menlow.
“Don't worry,” Master Menlow said. “You won't even know you're flying unless you look out the window, and it won't feel any different from any land transportation you've ever used back on your world.” 
He ushered Harvey to one of the aisle seats, and then went and took his place in the co-pilot's chair.
There was a faint whirr as the engine was switched on, a slight pull as the bus lifted into the air, and before the visitors could say anything, blue sky filled the windows and clouds began to race by.
Harvey sat in his chair; eyes closed to avoid the temptation of looking out the windows, clenching the armrest with all the strength he could muster. Jessie and Terry had their eyes glued to the windows, giving a running commentary of what they were seeing.
“From up here, that certainly looks like the outline of North Africa on our world,” Terry said.
Jessie agreed, and Harvey moaned.
“We must be travelling east,” Jessie said. “That looks like the Red Sea and the Middle East.”
“We are actually entering our third quadrant,” Master Menlow said, “and our destination is the mountains in what you know on your world as the country of Afghanistan.”
The bus began its descent, and when Harvey could feel the pull of gravity, his grip on the chair relaxed, but his eyes remained closed.
As the outline of mountain peaks came into focus, Master Menlow slowed the eagle's speed to give the visitors the full view of the majesty of these mountains. It was a scene he had never grown tired of; the deep purple of a distant horizon and clear delineating lines of mountain ridges and peaks giving way to the deep green of ancient forests as they neared their destination. As they closed in on a small landing strip, the trees themselves stood out in all their individuality and the sky disappeared among their branches.
Barb leaned forward in her seat and put her hand gently on Harvey's shoulder.
“We're here, and we're on solid ground again,” she said.
Harvey opened his eyes and forced himself to look outside.
It is beautiful, he thought. The door of the bus opened. He could smell the clean green scent of mountain air as a soft breeze carried the freshness of the forest into the bus. Harvey got to his feet slowly, and walked gingerly down the aisle. He didn't take a full breath of air until he was outside of the bus and could feel the earth beneath his feet.
But it was Granger who was the first to get off the bus. He scanned the area, noting details of the landscape until one sight grabbed his attention completely.
He saw the complex these people had built here, and it looked just like the one they had taken his group to after the trip through the wormhole. But it was what was next to the building that grabbed his attention. There was his lab.
Max was watching Granger carefully. Out of the corner of his eye, he noted what Granger saw and the intense interest on Granger's face.
“Well, everyone, you can see the building we're going to. It's just a short walk up this trail, and if you follow me,” Master Menlow turned to Bert, Harvey, and Barb, “I'll get you some maps and some hiking gear.”
They were part way up the path when the bus lifted off and disappeared above the trees.
“Don't worry,” Master Menlow said, “he will be back fifteen minutes after I call for a pickup. We only allow so many of these vehicles, and they get used to the maximum.”
All the way up to the building, for as long as it was visible, Granger kept his eyes on his lab. He scanned it, looking for obvious signs of damage, and couldn't find any.
Master Menlow ushered them into the complex, and as he led them down the main hall, he turned to Granger and Terry.
“Actually the project manager here is someone you might recognize,” he said, and continued leading them through a lobby and then into an office.
As they crammed into it, Jessie studied the person at the desk. There was a familiarity to the figure sitting at the computer. The tilt of the head, the grey hair, and even the pudge suggested a name to her, a name that seemed to be just slightly out of reach of her memory.
Granger began to get an uneasy feeling in the pit of his ego. He too could feel that strange familiar sense of knowledge just out of reach, teasing in its closeness and taunting from its distance. A name came into focus in his mind, a name he did not want to know or, worse yet, did not want to recognize. He moved to the back of the crowd in the office.
Jessie pushed forward, determined to resolve this nagging search. As she moved around the desk, the figure turned to her. She gasped in amazement. It certainly couldn't be, she thought, but the face she saw was one she knew, not personally, but from pictures in magazines and videos of world conferences on the theories of just about everything.
“I know who you are,” Jessie exclaimed. “So this is where you disappeared to, Dr. Jackson. Do you know that the whole scientific world is still mourning you?”
“You mean the scientific community on your world, don't you?” he asked with a smile.
 When Jessie said the name out loud, even Harvey knew who and what this person was.
“I know who you are,” he said. “I read about you in the paper.”
“Were they being kind to me or were they calling me a goddam militant environmentalist again?” Dr. Jackson asked with a smile.
“Er, well, actually they were saying you were kidnapped by aliens who needed you to help them take over the earth,” Harvey said, blushing as he spoke.
“Well, that's one account I haven't read yet,” Dr. Jackson said. “In a sense, it's true, except I wasn't kidnapped. I came willingly, and, as far as taking over the earth, I suppose the question I would ask of anyone from your world is - whose earth is it anyway?”

Chapter 19

Jessie couldn't believe her eyes. Terry nudged her and whispered, “Is that really who I think it is?” Jessie nodded.
Dr. Jackson rose from his chair. “I think we would all be more comfortable out in the lounge,” he said. As he made his way through the crowd, he spotted Granger.
“Dr. Granger, it's been a long time, hasn't it?” he asked.
Granger dipped his head in a half nod in Jackson's direction.
“I didn't realize you were working on the neutrino problem, too,” he said.
“Oh, I wasn't,” Dr. Jackson replied as the two walked down the hall, leading the rest of group.
“I was given the opportunity to come here and do my research,” he said. “Have you seen some of their facilities?”
“Actually yes, but it's my lab that I'm really interested in. Have you been studying it?” Granger asked.
“Yes, we are still trying to understand why and how your lab came through so cleanly,” Dr. Jackson replied. “We've had other surprise visitors to this world, but most times they never came through intact, either people or things.”
“But you came through all right. And if the media reports are correct, you look a lot better than you should have, considering the car crash that supposedly killed you,” Jessie said.
Granger glared at her like she was an obnoxious intruder into his conversation with Jackson.
Harvey had recognized Dr. Jackson's face as soon as he saw it, though the name meant nothing. As the group wended its way to the lounge, Harvey had moved quickly and quietly until he was walking right behind the doctor, where he listened to every word that was being spoken. He remembered the articles he had read in his newspapers, and Harvey considered his papers real newspapers, not tabloids. Over the years he had taken more than a little ribbing about his penchant for these papers; but, he thought to himself, it seems like there was a kernel of truth in what he had read. He recalled the story vividly.
The first headline had been 'UFO Causes Car Crash - Scientist Dead.' There wasn't much in that story beyond the headline except a biography of Dr. Jackson, and for days Dr. Jackson's face was on every newscast, and magazine cover. The second story was the one that had intrigued Harvey. It claimed that the UFO hadn't caused the crash, but had been spotted moments after the crash, landing close to the site of the wreckage. There were some eyewitnesses that claimed a person was taken aboard the UFO before it lifted off and disappeared into the clouds.
Harvey thought back to when he first saw the eagle on this world, and from a distance it sure looked like a UFO to him.
“It was a set-up, wasn't it?” Harvey's question was less of an accusation and more of a confirmation.
“It was more of a necessity,” Dr. Jackson replied. “I had already been approached by the people of this world. Apparently, they had been keeping tabs on my research into a single unified theory. Actually, I suspect they had been feeding me information for years, nudging me in the direction I needed to go. And I was getting close to my goal.”
“Dangerously close?” Granger asked.
“For some people, yes, but it's not what you are implying,” Dr. Jackson answered. He had never liked Granger, and he knew that Granger felt the same way about him.
“What do you mean?” Granger asked.
“You know exactly what I mean. The people of this world were trying to help me find answers that would help our world. It wasn't until I could predict the logical applications of my research, both good and bad, that made me understand there were just too were many strings attached to the 'generosity',” Dr. Jackson said that word sarcastically, “of those funding this research. I decided I couldn't live with that.”
“What strings?” Granger half asked, half demanded.
“Ownership, greed, and profit,” Dr. Jackson said with a sigh. “My research had spin-offs that would have used the wave particles generated by neutrinos to replace all other forms of energy,” Dr. Jackson stopped and looked directly at Granger.
“And you know, as well as I, that such a form of energy would have put a lot of companies out of business, reduced the pollution on our world, and allowed our world to start looking after itself.” Dr. Jackson sounded almost like a teacher talking to a first year science student.
“There are those on your world Dr. Granger who like things just the way they are,” Dr. Jackson shook his head. “Your world would have had cars powered by hydrogen instead of gas, if it hadn't been in the interest of the few to sell gasoline. You know the history of the combustion engine,” Jackson said, “and you know that it was money, not efficiency that kept the use of clean burning fuels off the market.”
“Always thought you were an idealist, Jackson,” Granger replied, “but in the end somebody has to pay for it all.”
“What's the price you're willing to pay, Dr. Granger?” Dr. Jackson asked.
Under his breath, Dr. Granger replied, “Whatever it takes.”
Harvey could stand the philosophical discussion no longer, and he took advantage of Granger's muted answer. “But what happened?” Harvey asked, as they entered the lounge.
“I had hidden some of my research documents, but apparently there was a spy among my assistants. That Friday before the crash, I caught him going through the papers I kept in my safe. There was an argument; I called security and had him escorted off the premises. Then I cleaned out everything I could carry from the office and was on my way to meet with one of the representatives of this world. They had warned me about that individual, but I didn't believe it until I saw it for myself. That's the beauty and the curse of scientific thought - only take for certain that which you can prove, and prove again.”
Dr. Jackson paused and looked at Dr. Granger.
“I was only a few miles away from the lab when a car pulled up next to me and tried to force me over to the side of the road. I sped up, they matched my speed, and started bumping my car with theirs,” Dr. Jackson said.
Terry was watching him as he told his story. He seems totally disconnected from the reality of someone trying to kill him, she thought.
“Anyway, to make a long story short,” Dr. Jackson continued, “by the time I had made it into the mountains I was trying to reach, one of the eagles showed up. I guess it scared the driver of the other car. I slammed on my brakes, and they went over the cliff.”
“There was nothing we could do for them. So after the eagle landed, we faked my car crash, and I came here.”
“But there was somebody else on the road that day, and they saw the eagle, too, didn't they?” As Harvey asked this, he turned and looked directly at Bert, wanting to make sure that he heard the answer, too.
“Unfortunately, yes,” Dr. Jackson answered, “but we didn't know it until after it appeared in that tabloid.”
“Aha,” Harvey said, looking at Bert, a triumphant smile on his face. “See, I told you, there is a grain of truth in those stories.”
“It's been my experience that there is always a grain of truth to be gleaned from just about anything,” Dr. Jackson added, “whether it is in what is said or done, or what is not said or done.”
The subtleties of what the doctor said were lost on Harvey; he was too busy enjoying the moment. He just kept nodding his head and smiling that type of smile that is just as sure in its smugness as Harvey had been when he had often been forced to defend his newspapers.
“I would suggest that if you want to get in some serious hiking today, we should get you outfitted and on to the trails,” Master Menlow said.
“I would certainly like to take a look at my lab and see what you've found out,” Dr. Granger said to his colleague.
“We still don't know for sure, but we think we're getting close,” Dr. Jackson replied. “We put your lab in a small clearing behind this lab. If you will follow me, maybe you will see something that we've overlooked.”
*****
While Bert, Barb, and Harvey were donning their mountain gear, and getting the maps of the trails, Max, Granger, Jessie, Terry, Dr. Jackson, and Master Menlow headed out to the lab.
“It really is pretty here,” Terry said. Mountain-sized trees lined the path to the lab, creating a peace and solitude along the walkway until it was brought to an abrupt end when they entered the clearing.
Terry gasped. The lab looked ugly; man-made, it intruded on the pastoral scene she had just walked through. It also held some fear for her. The front glass doors were intact, their smoked glass reflected the sunshine from the outside, giving off no image of what was inside the building.
As they pushed open the doors and entered, Terry shivered. The chill was not from the fresh mountain air, but the memories contained in this lab.
Inside, they were met by one of the technicians.
“I think we have found something, doctor,” he said to Jackson. “This building is not square. At first we thought it might have been skewed somehow during transit. Every indication shows that nothing else was disturbed when they came through the wormhole, but the doors in the chamber for the heavy water are not plumb. They are off by at least a degree.”
“We had a rockburst after the building was complete, but before we started our tests,” Jessie said, looking at Granger, wondering if he recalled his response when he had first been told about the doors.
“That had nothing to do with this,” Dr. Granger said. He was clearly irritated that Jessie had brought the subject up at all.
“You knew?” Dr. Jackson asked.
Dr. Granger shot him a look that could only be called a sneer.
“We ran subsequent tests, and everything checked out okay,” Granger said. “Didn't we, Jessie?”
“Not full tests,” Jessie answered. She was enjoying this exchange - it was one of the few times that Granger appeared to be on the defensive.
“Well, I understand the how of what happened to the lab,” Dr. Granger decided to take the conversation in the direction he wanted to go. “What I don't understand is the why.”
“Convergence,” Dr. Jackson answered. “It had to be a convergence of a variety of situations and happenstance, at least that's how it has happened in the past. You see, our worlds are connected. We are constantly shifting particles through the wormholes, back and forth. More from your world to ours, but still there is an exchange. We've actually had people walk through an enlarged wormhole from your world to ours, and the only thing they felt was dizziness and then a temporary loss of consciousness.”
“Something like we felt,” Max said.
“But the majority of traffic from your world usually ends up here in bits and pieces, so you were very lucky,” Dr. Jackson said.
Granger started to protest this, but Jackson cut him off.
“You didn't know what would happen when you switched that lab on,” he said to Granger, “because if you had, the results would have been much different than they were. It was luck and inadvertent help from us, and you know it.”
Granger swallowed his pride. He knew that all he had to do was play along for awhile, get the information he needed, and then he would be back in control.
“You're right, I guess we were fortunate indeed,” Granger's words were anything but smooth and grateful, but Jackson let the moment pass. He assumed that concession from Granger was as much grace as Granger could muster.
They made their way to the control room of the lab. Granger inspected everything as he passed it, and, in fact, the door to Granger's former office stood off its hinges.
“We had to take it off because it kept getting stuck,” one of the technicians explained.
Granger merely nodded and sat down at his desk.
Only Master Menlow, Dr. Jackson, and Max followed Granger into his inner sanctum.
“There is one thing I don't understand,” Granger started. “When we came through the wormhole, we all blacked out. Yet I know that you travel back and forth between worlds, Starr did, so how do you get around that, or are your machines equipped with something this lab doesn't have?”
“Actually, it's not something in the machine. It's something we wear,” Dr. Jackson said, “I had a hand in developing it.”
Before Master Menlow could stop Dr. Jackson, the doctor reached into his pocket and took out what appeared to be an oversized wristwatch.
“This is what allows the traveler to stay conscious,” Dr. Jackson said. “As you are no doubt aware, every particle that makes up this world is in constant motion. On your world, too, we just happen to have a different frequency of spin or motion, or whatever you want to call it. This,” he held up the watch, “gradually changes the spin to suit either our world or yours.”
“Impossible,” Granger said. “Do you think I 'm stupid? Such a thing is not possible. Here, let me see that,” and he grabbed the object in Jackson's hand.
Granger started to examine it like a jeweller looking at a diamond under a magnifying glass. He noted the two sets of external rings that at the moment were aligned to one point on the dial. The face of the watch had no minute or second hands, just what looked like co-ordinates at spaced intervals around the outer edge that could have represented the fifteen-minute segments that constitute an hour.
Master Menlow deftly and quickly snatched the object out of Granger's hands and gave it back to Dr. Jackson, an obvious scowl on his face.
Max watched this exchange and made some mental notes to himself.
*****
“And this is an electronic map. Push this button, and it shows you all the trails. Push this button, and it will show you exactly where you are at the moment. It also shows the location of this complex,” Bert repeated the instructions given to him and demonstrated as he explained to Barb and Harvey what the device was for.
They were standing outside the complex, completely outfitted for a walk in the woods. Barb even had a long carved staff for walking, something she didn't need but accepted as part of the gear given to her. The hiking boots were a trifle large, but the extra sock rolled up in each boot made them wearable.
She hoisted her backpack onto her shoulder. “Let's go.”
They started down a well-worn path, and, as the forest thickened with trees, the path was dappled by sunshine as rays of light seeped through the branches. When a slight breeze disturbed the leaves, these points of light danced on the forest floor almost as though they were part of a classical ballet, their movement choreographed into a dance between light and shadow.
Harvey breathed deeply; inhaling as much of the clean mountain air as his lungs would take.
“Careful, Harv,” Bert said, “leave some for the rest of us okay?”
Bert's voice resonated in the quiet of the forest, and, in that moment, Bert felt very small indeed. His words faded into the woods the way waves radiating from the splash of a pebble thrown into a pond weave outward and then slowly die.
When they came to an obvious crossroad in the path, Barb asked, “Shall we go up or down?”
Harvey looked around. The path down was well worn, as though it were the favourite. He looked up and saw a path, clear at first and then partially covered by ferns. It was obviously the path less taken, and that seemed to suit his mood.
He didn't say anything, just started up, knowing the others would follow.
For over an hour they climbed, through brush, over it and sometimes around it, always keeping the path in sight, and never, ever cutting the underbrush to get a better view.
“I can hear water,” Harvey said. “There must be a stream up ahead.”
Was this what was pushing him onward? Harvey asked himself. He felt the pull of something -or was it a push? He couldn't tell. The only thing that Harvey knew was that he had to keep climbing upward.
“I hear water, too,” Barb said, and the sound intrigued her, almost seemed to call to her.
The thick underbrush stopped suddenly, and the trio stood beneath a tree so tall they couldn't see its top. Before them was a fast running brook that spoke in the language of water, washing over stone and rubbing against the rock-lined basin that it traversed.
Bert leaned over the edge of the rocks, reached into the water, and splashed a handful of water in his face.
“It's cold,” Bert said.
“And look how clear it is,” Barb marvelled.
Harvey just stood there, taking in as much of the scene as he could. The water seemed to come straight out of the rockface about twenty feet upstream. It did run clear and fast, he noted. That's what makes it so cold and pure, he thought.
“I wonder if any human has ever touched this water before,” Harvey mused, mostly to himself.
Bert caught the faraway look in Harvey's eyes.
“I could just sit here and enjoy for awhile,” Bert said. “How 'bout you Harv?”
Harvey just nodded and sat himself down on the edge of the stream, gazing into the water.
“There's fish in there, you know,” he said.
Barb started spreading out the cloth and the supplies she had carried. Figures, she thought, I'm the one they gave the food to carry.
Within minutes, Barb spread out a simple feast. All three sat down on a cushion of pine needles beneath a skyscraper canopy of trees filled with the music of the life in the forest accompanied by the burbling of the brook, and dined at a table only Mother Nature could provide.
As they finished up their meal and were stowing the leftovers, Bert again watched Harvey watching the fish in the stream.
“Too bad we didn't bring any fishing poles,” he said.
“Those fish are too small,” Harvey said. “That's probably why they start their lives way up here, by the time they make it to the bottom of the mountain, that's when they're big enough to make their way in the world. Right now, this is their crib, and I wouldn't catch one even if I could.”
“Okay, Harv,” Bert replied. Something had definitely gotten hold of him, Bert thought, and he did what he always did when trying to carry on a casual conversation with someone so deep in thought that the simplest question demanded answers that only spawned more questions. Bert yawned, and stretched out on the forest floor. He put his hands behind his head to form a pillow and let the soft calls of birds in the trees lull him into a light sleep.
Barb left Bert to his slumber and went and sat beside Harvey, next to the water. He stared into it as though it held the key to all the questions Harvey had ever asked.
“It's almost hypnotic, isn't it?” Barb asked.
“Uhuh, this place just feels like home to me, like I'm supposed to be here,” Harvey said.
“Well, maybe in a previous life you lived here,” Barb suggested, “or at least where here is on our world.”
“No, I've seen pictures of this area on our world, you know, when they had the war in Afghanistan, and it looked pretty bleak. The mountains were the colour of dry beach sand, and you could see the wind pick up dust and scatter it over the soldiers as they hid behind rocks, waiting for their chance to shoot something,” Harvey said, “No, it's here on this world, right here, that feels like home.”
Barb didn't have anything to add to what he said, so they sat there in silent contemplation, a breeze and the sound of flowing water accompanying their thoughts.
The first indication they had that anything was wrong was a long low deep growl that seemed to come from the base of the mountain. As it grew louder and came nearer, the pebbles by the stream started to vibrate, gently at first, and as the force of whatever was happening intensified, the pebbles began to jump, hitting each other, causing a leap-frog chain of events that became an angry river of rocks flowing in, over, and around the stream.
The ground next to the stream started to shake and the trees began to shudder, knocking nests from their perches on high, smashing the eggs within on the ground below. A howling wind blasted through the clearing that had been a peaceful haven only a moment before, and large boulders began to wobble under its force.
“It's an earthquake,” Barb shouted. “Bert, Bert” she screamed.
Bert opened his eyes and scrambled to his feet. He thought he had been dreaming, but the force of the wind and the feel of liquid ground beneath his feet brought him fully awake.
Another deep rumble emanated from the bottom of the mountain, and they could hear a loud whoosh followed by a deadly silence.
“That must have been a landslide further down the mountain,” Bert said. “We're really lucky we chose to come this way instead of going down the mountain.”
Harvey nodded. That sense of needing to be right where he was had gone, disappearing with the wind as it had swept down the mountain.
“I think we should head back,” Barb said. “Let's get that map gismo to lead us back to the complex.”
Bert nodded, checked the map and they started down the mountain, following closely as they could to the trail they had come up. It wasn't an easy task. The path had been obscured by more than just underbrush. This time, large boulders forced them to make detours, but the global positioning unit within that electronic map, not only told them when they were on the right track, it also showed them just how far they were off the path they had initially followed.
On the way down, there were four more smaller episodes of what they could only assume were aftershocks from the initial quake.
“Going down is not as easy as going up was,” Harvey said when they came upon the clearing that contained the two labs.
“I'm just glad the lab is still standing,” Bert said, as he opened the door.
“We were just about to send someone out after you,” Dr. Jackson said as they entered the lounge.
Everyone was assembled in that room. Bert assumed it was the safest in the building.
“That was quite a quake,” he said. “Do they happen often up here?”
“We don't get earthquakes here, and even if we did they would have been predicted a week in advance. None of our equipment saw this coming,” Dr. Jackson said.
“You can predict an earthquake, down to the hour?” Jessie asked, once more amazed at the abilities this world had.
Dr. Jackson nodded.
“Then what was it?” Max asked.
“I have my suspicions, but I need confirmation,” he said, and left the room.
When he returned, he had a file full of papers with him.
“I thought so. This was an echo from your world.” He looked straight at Dr. Granger.
“Are you saying there was an earthquake in Afghanistan on my world?” Granger asked.
“Yes, but we don't get echoes from your world's earthquakes. However, we do get echoes from your world's underground atomic tests, and there were five of them within a radius of 250 miles from the location of this mountain on your world.”
The room went quiet.
Granger broke the silence with “hrmph.”
“That's ridiculous,” Granger started. Everyone new to this world, including Max, was afraid of what would come out of Granger's mouth next, and embarrassed, too.
“If earthquakes don't echo here, then underground tests shouldn't either.” Granger made this pronouncement in his most professional scientific voice.
“There is a big difference between the energy released in an earthquake, and the man-made energy released by an atomic bomb,” Dr. Jackson said quietly, “and I'm surprised that you don't realize that.”
Again the room was silent. Dr. Granger simply put his hands in the air as though this discussion was not worth the effort.
“Oh, but I forgot, you don't totally understand the role neutrinos play in energy reactions, redactions, and reductions, do you?” Dr. Jackson turned his back on Granger to discuss the contents of the file.
After a brief consultation with his assistant, Dr. Jackson turned to Granger once more.
“And there's something else you probably don't know. Ever since your world started testing, whether underground or above it, we have always felt the effects here. Until a few years ago we could predict the exact time that the echo would occur. Then the echo started to occur sooner, and that time frame has been shortening ever since.” He paused. “And we don't know why.”
Again, the silence in the room was telling.
“Right now, we need to clean up all the little bits and things that were broken or thrown on the floor,” Dr. Jackson said.
Jessie, Terry, Bert, Barb, and Harvey stepped forward and volunteered themselves.
 Granger and Max just sat there.

Chapter 20

Echoes, Terry thought, as she started to fill the garbage bag with pieces of china that had fallen during the quake. The echo quake, she reminded herself. Are our worlds that closely linked? She wondered.
Jessie's mind, too, was not on the clean up, but on the information she had just heard. She needed answers, and there was only one person she trusted at this point to give her the straight, honest truth. She looked around the room. Granger and Max had disappeared, but everyone else was busy cleaning up the after-effects. She went over to where Dr. Jackson was working.
“Echoes?” Jessie asked as she worked.
“It all comes down to the smallest particle of them all - the neutrino,” Dr. Jackson said. “It's almost - well - the garbage of the universe. It's what's left over after an energy reaction, and it can pass through matter like a ghost, and yet at the same time, it does have mass. Those were the inconsistencies that Granger was investigating. What we know is that mass has specific properties, adaptive properties. When the neutrino passes through something without changing it, it's travelling through the sub-atomic wormholes that exist in everything. However, when it interacts with specific particles, it creates a stream of energy that can be harnessed to run almost anything - give off heat, cold, or even move mountains.” 
“And it's basically free, isn't it?” Jessie asked.
“That's the beauty of it. Neutrinos are, in a scientific sense, the least of all particles, and they're also the most abundant,” Dr. Jackson replied.
Terry was listening in on the conversation as she filled her bag with the broken brick-a-brac from the quake.
“But how could an underground test on our world cause an earthquake on yours?” Terry asked.
“Our worlds are connected,” Dr. Jackson replied, “and the doorway is the wormholes used by the neutrinos. Our worlds are out of phase. You're familiar with the theory that every particle has a spin, and that individual spin is in tune with every other particle that spins. One of Einstein's theories was that every particle had a twin that spun in the opposite direction creating a balance that holds things together. And these particles are not necessarily physically located next to each other. He theorized that particles millions of miles apart, but within the same physical universe, had synergistic spins. If you changed the spin on a particle on your earth, then that would cause its 'twin particle' somewhere else in the universe to change its spin to balance out the changes in the first particle. Our world and yours are in a delicate balance of spins, which allows both worlds to exist in almost the same space.”
“So it's like a square dance,” Harvey interjected, “Partners swing each other around, and weave in and around other sets of partners, sometimes exchanging partners, but always moving in tune to the music.”
“Very good,” Dr. Jackson said, “and you are?”
“Just Harvey,” he answered.
“And like the partners in those dances, our worlds do react to one another; in fact, this world was created by a supernova. It let out such an enormous stream of neutrinos that your world couldn't handle the excess. Just like what happened in your lab,” he looked at Jessie, “it opened a wormhole and brought tiny particles through that formed themselves based on what those neutrinos passed through or near. Ever since, there have always been echoes, not of natural phenomena though. We noticed it when your first atomic tests were done,” Dr. Jackson said.
“So what's the time frame?” Terry asked. “Does it go boom on our world and then immediately after you feel it?”
“No, for the longest time, after your tests first started, we could time it down to the hour, like we do with our earthquakes, but lately, that time differential is getting shorter.”
Jessie mulled over the implications of this before she gave voice to her concerns.
“Does that mean that the two worlds are coming into sync?” she asked.
“That's what we are afraid of,” Dr. Jackson said.
“Do you remember the rumours surrounding the Philadelphia Experiment on your world?” Dr. Jackson asked.
“Yes, but there's been no proof that time experiment did what some say it did. There's always theories and conjecture about secret experiments.” Jessie sounded a little defensive.
“I read about that,” Harvey said. “They said that the ship disappeared and reappeared two hours later,” he turned to Bert, “just like that town I wanted you to read about.”
Bert rolled his eyes.
“Yeah, go ahead, make a face,” Harvey said to Bert. “But they reported that when that ship returned, people had been fused into the ship's metal structure. They talked about bodies that only had a torso left, and the rest of the body had been welded right into the ship, and, and what about all those animals that disappeared from their cages, cages that had been locked? Hmm?”
“Actually, there were other such experiments that few on your world know about,” Dr. Jackson said, “and,” he turned to Harvey, “there were such incidents where people contained in specially-built compounds were used as subjects, and when they did reappear, well, it wasn't.” Dr. Jackson still couldn't find the right words to explain the horror of what had happened to technicians and soldiers that had been ordered to participate in these experiments.
“You know what they did to soldiers when they wanted to test the atomic bomb aboveground,” Dr. Jackson looked around at the group. “There's photographic and video evidence of soldiers standing and watching as the bomb exploded and the telltale mushroom cloud appeared. They were ordered to stand where they were until they were engulfed in the fallout from the bomb. Well, what happened to the people in these secret experiments was much worse.”
“When I was given the documentation from these time experiments, that was the last straw for me. I made up my mind to destroy my research, and come here.”
“So you ran away,” Jessie said.
“No! I came here to help my, our world,” Dr. Jackson dropped the garbage bag he was filling. The noise of more china breaking resonated in the lounge. “Do you think we are just keeping all of our expertise to ourselves?” He didn't wait for an answer. “Because that's not the way it is. Ever since we developed the technology that allows us to travel between the worlds, we have been doing what we can to guide your world, to keep it on the path that would benefit everyone. But we can't do it openly.”
“If your world knew about ours and could travel here, who do you think would be the ones to do it? Don't bother answering,” he said as he saw Jessie open her mouth to voice an opinion. “You know who. The same people and institutions that have controlled and owned your world almost from it’s beginning: the rich, the powerful, and the greedy. We don't want that here.”
Dr. Granger, Jessie thought to herself.
“But about the time differential, what does it mean that it's getting shorter?” Jessie asked.
“It could very well mean that the photographs of what happened during the experiments on your world would happen, except on a global scale. Two planets cannot occupy the same space. If the connection between us is getting closer, then our worlds will surely collide. Neither world would survive.”
“Oh, my God,” Terry said out loud.
Convergence, Jessie said to herself.
“That's why we're so interested in the lab Granger built and where his research was going,” Dr. Jackson said.
“So this means that our Afghanistan has the bomb,” Jessie said out loud. “I didn't know they were anywhere close to having it, not with the USSR having been dismantled.”
“They don't,” Dr. Jackson replied. “It was a neighbouring country that set off those tests, but the results were transferred to this region of our world, as we suspect they were on yours. A few days after the underground tests on your world, there were earthquakes that rippled through this region on your world.”
Barb deposited another bag full of debris in the middle of the room where the others had been dropped. She, too, was listening to the conversation and the word convergence popped into her mind at the same time that Jessie was thinking it.
Convergence to Barb meant two things - harmonic and technological. She had always thought that the attempts to produce harmonic convergence by having different groups around the globe hum the same notes at the same time was more than a little silly, a simplistic global solution sought by a fringe of people who could have used their time better.
Humph, she thought, if they had just spent that time picking up some garbage, we'd all have been better off. But technological convergence was another thing all together. It was what was on the daily news, technologies like telephone and television becoming one, like the Internet tying the whole world together in a single electronic web.
But this type of convergence was mind boggling to Barb. She was just getting used to the idea that there were two worlds, and, admittedly, she liked this one a whole lot better than the one she had been born into.
“Can you stop it?” she asked.
Dr. Jackson shrugged his shoulders. “We don't know, but we're working on it.”
*****
When the clean up of the complex had begun, Dr. Granger slipped out the back door. He headed straight for his lab, assuming that there would be no one around now.
He opened the front doors slowly, hoping that he wouldn't make any noise that might announce his presence. He hesitated for a few minutes before going in, listening for footsteps. He heard none, so he let the door glide to a soft close behind him and headed straight for his office in his lab.
Max had hung back from the exchange between Jackson and Granger. It was a fight he preferred to watch. It also told him a few things about Granger that Granger probably didn't want anyone to know.
He's planning something, Max thought, and I want to be there when he does whatever he's going to do. Max followed him quietly out to the lab, giving Granger enough time to enter and disappear into his office before Max, too, opened the door carefully.
As he had guessed, Max found Granger sitting at his desk in his office, pouring over computer printouts.
“Figured it out yet?” Max asked. Granger, startled, knocked a sheaf of papers from his desk to the floor.
Granger stared at Max, not saying a word, eyeing him as though he were prey.
“What you see is what you get,” Max said, as he tilted his head and raised one eyebrow.
Granger slumped back in his chair as though he had finally made a difficult decision.
“I think I will take you at your word,” Granger said. “Just how much do you like this world?”
“Not a bit,” Max replied. “So how are we going to get home?”
Granger got up from his desk and walked out into the control room. He stood there for a moment, surveying the contents of the room. Max followed, waiting for the answer to his question.
“Can we just turn this baby back on, and leave a little trail of those neutrinos in our dust, or what?” Max asked.
Granger looked at him as if he were a complete moron.
“I still don't know all the conditions that were in effect when we came through, and even if I did, I might not be able to duplicate them,” Granger said. “And if I get back home, I want to have as much information and proof as I can take.”
“What I need is time, by myself, here in the lab so I can run some tests and collate all the data we collected.”
“I don't think we have that much time,” Max said. “And judging by the way Dr. Jackson spoke to you, I don't think they're going to let you just play around in here by yourself.”
Granger glared at Max, but he knew that it was the truth.
“So what do you suggest? After all you're the brilliant TV reporter. . .” Dr. Granger asked, hoping the question would shut Max up for awhile.
Max took no offence at this sarcastic slight from Granger. Max had a few aces up his sleeve.
“Well,” he said, “there are some things that I know which will be of use in this situation.”
Granger snorted.
“First of all,” Max said, and there was the sound of superiority dripping off every one of his words, “I have a pilot's license.” He let that sink in for a moment.
“And . . .” Granger said impatiently.
“And . . . that eagle is what they use to travel in between the two worlds,” Max continued.
“I've been inside. It doesn't matter where you are; the principles of flight are the same. The energy used in lift-off might be different, but as soon as the engine is turned on, the controls are going to work the same way here as they do on our world.”
Granger turned his full attention to Max.
“I thought you might be interested in that,” Max smiled. “It shouldn't be too hard to get my hands on one of those eagles.”
“I always knew there was something I liked about you,” Granger said.
“We need those oversized wristwatches to keep us from blacking out, too,” Granger added.
Max laughed.
“The eagle comes loaded with everything, including those,” Max said. “When I got a close look the other night, I counted one of those gadgets for every seat on the plane.”
“Do you know how to work them, too?” Granger asked.
“Trial and error has always worked for me,” Max answered.
“Yes, but the cargo I intend to take back home, besides my own precious hide, is much too valuable to take chances with,” Granger said.
Granger took a seat at one of the terminals in the control room, then called up the menu for the database that held all the information they had collected during the tests and the trip.
“Damn, that Starr,” Granger said. “He bled off a lot of valuable data, and there's no way in hell I can get to that.”
“Well, just download what you can get from these terminals. With an eagle in hand when we go back home, we should have more than enough proof and working examples of the technology they've developed here,” Max said.
“Download is a big word for you, isn't it?” Granger asked Max. “It's going to take time, and more space than there is on a single disk.”
“And, besides, where does this 'we' come in,” Granger said.
“Hey, I'm just in this for the money,” Max said, “and there will be money in it.” Charger can take care of him when we get back, Granger thought.
“I need a laptop with a hard drive on it,” Granger said. “There's got to be at least one around here. The technicians that have been assigned to this lab all have them.”
*****
While Granger scrounged around the lab, Max wandered back to the complex, sauntering down the path between the two. When he was halfway down the path between the lab and the complex, he heard the soft whine of an engine and looked up to see one of the eagles landing. It wasn't the bus type that had carried the group here.
He stopped and watched as two people got out carrying caseloads of equipment. After they had disappeared into the front door of the complex, Max slipped in the back way.
When he saw the scene inside, he chuckled to himself. All the debris had been picked up and swept away. Looks pretty clean to me, he thought. They did such a good job getting everything shipshape that he just knew he had been right to leave the clean up to those more suitable to doing such work.
By the time he reached the lounge, everyone was gathered around a table in the middle of the room. They were busy unpacking the crates that had just been delivered.
“What's up,” Max asked Terry.
“They've just brought in extra equipment to check out the damage from the quake,” Terry answered.
Jessie was busy examining a piece of equipment she had just set down on a table.
“We're going to need everyone we can to run this equipment and to collate the results,” Dr. Jackson said to Jessie. “Would you like to volunteer?”
Jessie was thrilled at the chance to participate in a hands-on demonstration of some of the technology.
“We've had a busy day on this planet,” Dr. Jackson said. “There was also an earthquake in the fifth sector, so we can use all the spare hands here today that we can get.”
“Another atomic test on our world?” Terry asked.
“Possibly. The quake happened in the area you know as China, North China to be exact, and it blew a hole here, even though there wasn't an earthquake predicted for this area. It's the time difference that we want to check,” Dr. Jackson said.
He turned to Bert, Barb, and Harvey.
“Do you feel like taking another trek in the woods today?” he asked.
“I don't know about that,” Bert said, chuckling he looked at Harvey and Barb.
“What for?” Harvey asked.
“We need sensors set out in a particular pattern,” Dr. Jackson said. “Don't worry - it won't be where the ground collapsed, just near it, and we can't spare anyone else to go.”
“I'll go, too,” Terry said.
“I'll reset your electronic map, so all you have to do is follow it and set the sensors where it tells you to,” Dr. Jackson said.
“We need it done quickly,” he warned, as Bert and Harvey loaded their backpacks with the sensors and Terry and Barb loaded themselves down with all the hiking equipment they could carry. Terry picked up the electronic map, and Barb hefted a roll of thick rope over her shoulder.
“I'll expect you back in two hours,” Dr. Jackson said as he handed them a device that looked like a cell phone.
“It is a cell phone,” he said when he saw the question in Terry's eyes.
“When you're done, call it in, and we'll start collecting the data,” he said.
After they had left, Max approached Dr. Jackson.
“What kind of data are you collecting?” he asked.
“Ground temperature, moisture content, soil composition, elevation, and a few other things that would take too much time to explain to you,” Dr. Jackson said. He was almost huffy with Max.
“Where's Dr. Granger?” he asked Max.
“Ah . . .. he stepped out a few minutes ago,” Max answered.
As they were talking, Dr. Jackson was unloading one of the crates. Max took a good look at what was in there. This crate contained at least six laptops. It was exactly what Granger needed, so Max offered his help in the unpacking.
“Here, I'll get this box,” Max offered, “where do you want me to put them?”
“Just put them on that table in the corner,” Dr. Jackson answered. “We won't need them until later.”
Max carried the crate over to a table by the door and started to unpack it. He had been wrong in his estimation - there were ten laptops in the crate. When he had unpacked all but one, he lifted the box and started to carry it outside.
“Where are you going with that?” one of the technicians asked.
“I just thought I'd make more room for what you're doing here by taking this crate outside. I just finished unpacking it,” Max said.
“I assume you recycle things like this, don't you?” Max asked.
The technician nodded, “There's a place out back. You don't even have to break it down, just leave it by the bin. When we're done here we'll get someone to atomize it.”
“Okay,” Max said and went merrily on his way.
He did exactly what he had been told to do. He put the crate down next to a bin and then looked around to see if anyone was nearby or watching. He saw no one, so he reached into the crate, removed the laptop and hid it clumsily under his shirt.
He checked again to see if anyone was watching him. When he decided he was alone and unobserved, he quickly traversed the path back to the lab.
He was laughing out loud when he entered the control room, and Granger didn't even look up from his computer.
“This what you need?” Max asked, as he put the laptop on top of the keyboard in front of Granger.
“I won't even ask how,” Granger said. He flipped up the lid and turned on the laptop Max had found.
“Perfect,” Granger said. As he set about downloading from the terminal in front of him, he turned to Max.
“I'll need two hours alone here,” Granger said. “Can you manage to keep everyone out of here?”
“Don't know,” Max said, “but Jackson was asking for you. They're really busy trying to gather the data from the quake.”
“Well, if he's looking for me, I can't stay here and download,” Granger said. “Do you know how to do it?”
Max snorted.
“Just 'cause I look good on TV, doesn't mean I don't have a brain,” Max said.
“Show me the where and how, and then you can go schmooze with Jackson,” he said.
It only took a few moments for Granger to explain. He wrote out a memo that defined which terminals were which, and what the passwords for each were.
Max barely acknowledged Granger's departure with a flimsy wave of his hand.
*****
“There you are,” Dr. Jackson said, as Granger entered the lounge.
The lounge was full of people, machines, and technicians scurrying from one laptop to another, collecting bits of data, and comparing it with others as the printers spun out yards of information.
Only one computer-covered table was silent and still. Granger walked over to it, curious about its inactivity.
“We're just waiting for the sensors to be put in place,” Dr. Jackson explained. “These systems will read that data, then send it to the right data base in one of these over here,” he pointed at the table next to him.
“This system is collecting the data from the second incident,” Dr. Jackson explained.
“Second?” Granger asked. He hadn't felt any tremors when he was in his lab.
“There was another one on our world, roughly corresponding to Northern China on yours,” Dr. Jackson said.
Granger let this pass without comment. He looked around the room and said, “Looks like you've got everything under control here.” 
“We could always use extra help, especially someone with your background,” Dr. Jackson said hopefully.
“If you want to just take a seat here,” he indicated the silent table, “as soon as the sensors come on line, you can send the info to the terminal in my office.”
“That I can do,” Dr. Granger said.
While he was waiting for the computer screens to light up, Granger walked around the room, pausing at terminals and watching data scroll by. Every so often the computer would issue a warning that a file was full, and the technician would press the send button and the data was off to Jackson's office. Granger noticed that as the data inflow grew, the sending times slowed down.
“Don't you save to floppys or CDs when the system slows?” he asked the technician at the desk.
“The memory storage system is different than what you're used to. It's made out of liquid crystals. See those tubes over there?” he pointed to a pile of them next to the laptop on the neighbouring desk. “When ever you need to save beyond the internal hard disk, just stick in a tube. The system does the rest.”
“We're just getting started with the data now,” Dr. Jackson said, “but if you need some crystals, they're in a box on that corner desk over there.”
“Thanks,” Granger said. Now I'm going to take back even more information, he thought.
He grabbed a box of the crystal tubes and took his place at the table that Jackson had designated his, ready to copy everything before he sent anything to Jackson.
*****
Max was busy, too busy to notice the footfalls on the stairs outside the control room. He had been following Granger's instructions precisely, and he only had two terminals left to go.
“What are you doing here?” a voice demanded, and Max jumped in his seat.
“God, you scared me,” Max said, and chuckled at his own embarrassment.
“Never mind that. What are you doing here?” The voice was attached to one of the technicians that had been studying the lab ever since it had been brought here.
“I don't really know what I'm doing. I was just told to come here and do it,” Max said, shrugging his shoulders.
“Well, stop it. You're not allowed in here,” the technician insisted.
Max rose from his chair and took a step towards the man.
“All right, all right, but I'm not going to take the heat when somebody over there,” he indicated the complex, “gets right pissed off when I don't bring them the information they asked for.” He took a few more steps toward the technician.
The man stood his ground, arms crossed, waiting for Max to pass him by on his way out the door.
Max took two more steps and was shoulder to shoulder with the man. As he took a half step towards the open door, Max swung around quickly, viciously, punching the man in his stomach. As the man staggered to maintain his balance, Max kicked the back of his opponent's knee and the man collapsed on the floor, hitting his head against the metal desk as he fell. A trickle of blood oozed from a cut in the man's forehead, and he lay still on the floor.
Max wasted no time. He scrounged around the office for something to tie the man up with. The only things at hand were the cords from the computers, so he pulled one out of the back of a terminal that he had already raided.
When the man was properly trussed, Max dragged him into a closet and shut the door.
He went back to his downloading with a new fervour. The clock was now ticking for both him and Granger.

Chapter 21

“There, that's the last one,” Bert said, as he pushed the sensor as deep into the rocky mountain soil as he could.
“I wish I had a camera right now,” Barb laughed.
Bert was halfway down a section of ground that had slid during the quake from its perch twenty feet above where it currently was, and the small pebbles and stones the slide had dislodged formed a slippery slope that felt liquid under Bert's boots. He was secured around the waist by a rope that was tightly knotted to a tree higher up the mountain. They had chosen that tree because it looked like it had been in the ground for centuries. The group hoped the roots were so deep that the whole mountain would have to be dismantled before that tree would move.
They had all laughed nervously when Bert took his first steps down that slope and the pebbles and the stones began to roll. To them, Bert looked like one of those nimble-footed loggers on top of a water-soaked log floating in a river; rolling it with his feet back and forth until the log started to roll of its own volition, faster and faster in a contest of rhythm and balance between the human, the log, and the water below.
Bert lost, and when he fell flat on his back, and as the pull of gravity swept him down the embankment, Harvey grabbed the rope, pulling it taut to stop Bert's fall.
Bert eventually found purchase on this slippery slope, balanced himself carefully, and in wide, waving motions, passed the electronic map over the area until he located the right spot for the sensor. He dug in his heels as far as he could, and, with Harvey shortening the rope to hold Bert in his place, Bert scooped out a hole and buried the sensor. As he packed in the last handful of gravel, the force of his momentum rebounded on him, and he went sliding down a few feet before Harvey could stop the fall.
Bert lay there, arms and legs splayed out as far as he could to break his fall.
As he lay there, waiting for the ground to settle, he laughed nervously to himself, chuckling at his close call.
After the ground had settled down once again, the others at the top of the slope found the humour in the situation, too.
Bert carefully pulled himself up the slope, going hand over hand on the rope that Harvey held fast. With his feet firmly planted on solid ground once more, Bert said, “I could hug a tree right now. Specifically, that one,” he pointed to the tree girdled by his safety line.
“Hey, I kept that rope taut for you,” Harvey complained.
“Yeah, but the tree is prettier and smells better than you do right now,” Bert quipped.
“You're no mountain rose yourself,” Barb said, wrinkling her nose in Bert's direction.
“Sorry to break up this lovefest,” Terry interjected, “but we're getting close to the two hour limit, so we'd better pack up and ship out. We've got a long trek back.”
*****
Max finished the downloading, snapped the lid on the laptop shut, and disconnected it from the terminal. He checked his guest one more time. As he opened the door to the closet, he heard a low moan.
At least he's alive, Max thought, but I can't have him making any noise.
He checked around the room for something to stuff in the man's mouth and couldn't find anything stronger than a sheet of paper. He went downstairs to the maintenance room and rummaged through some drawers.
“Aha,” he said, as he spotted a roll of duct tape with just enough left on the roll to do the job and hurried back to his reluctant guest in the closet. This time when he opened the door to the closet he heard nothing. Max removed the last bit of tape from the roll and covered the man's mouth.
“That ought to hold you for awhile,” Max said.
Max wasn't quite sure what to do next. He pondered the options.
Wait for Granger to return? He asked himself. He waved to his silent guest as the elevator door closed on him. When he reached the lobby, Max poked his head out of the elevator cautiously. He listened for sounds that would tell him he was not alone. All he heard was his own soft breathing. He went to the front door of the lab. It gave him a clear view of the complex and the eagle sitting on its landing pad. He knew he couldn't take the laptop into the complex, but if he left it in the lab, somebody might find it.
An idea began forming deep in the recesses of Max's brain. Before he could run it past his consciousness, he stepped out into the sunshine and headed straight for the eagle.
As he approached it, the pilot greeted him.
“Can I help you?” the pilot asked.
“I was just told to put this contraption,” he held up the laptop, “on the plane,” Max explained.
“There's a compartment under the seats, just stow it there,” the pilot said.
Max did as he was told, and when he exited the plane, turned to the pilot.
“Did you hear anything, just a little while ago, like when I was coming down the path?” Max asked.
“Nope,” the pilot answered.
“Well, I'm not too familiar with wildlife, but I gotta tell ya, there was rustling in the underbrush, and I swear I heard a growl,” Max said.
“That so? I didn't hear anything,” the man answered.
“Yeah, but you were inside the plane,” Max replied.
“Sure wish I had a gun or a rifle, or something up here,” Max said. “That noise just scared the hell out of me.”
“We don't use guns,” the pilot answered.
“Okay, but what if a bear came charging out of those woods right now, what would you do?” Max asked.
“I'd grab this,” the pilot answered as he reached into the plane and withdrew a gun-like device from the side of the door.
“What is that? Sure looks like a gun.”
“Only shoots electricity,” the pilot said. “Enough to disable whatever you need to disable.”
“Looks like a taser to me,” Max said. “We have those on our world, too.”
He put the weapon back in its holder, and Max noted exactly where it went.
*****
Granger sat at the table for what seemed like an eternity. His mind wandered far beyond the buzz of activity in the room until one of the laptops beeped. The computer screen lit up and the data from the sensors started to flow in. Granger sent it on its way to Jackson's office, but not before he had made a copy. For ten minutes, Granger sat in his chair, rolling it from laptop to laptop, sliding in the memory tubes, and, as soon as they were filled, ejecting them and putting them aside. He didn't even have time to label them - the action was too fast and furious. When the computers settled back into their sleep state, Granger had twenty tubes full of information. He looked around the room to see if anyone was watching, but everyone was too busy monitoring their own data flow.
He shoved the crystal tubes deep into his pocket, opened a new pack, and stacked some by each laptop. Granger wandered around the room, checking the progress of the work, and made his way to Dr. Jackson's office.
“Everything coming in okay?” he asked.
“Yes. It should take a couple of hours to collate. By then we will have a good overview of what's been happening,” Dr. Jackson answered.
As Granger left, Dr. Jackson called out, “Thanks for the help. When we've got it all sorted through, I'd appreciate your input on it.”
Dr. Jackson couldn't see the look on Granger's face. It was anything but civil.
*****
After Max had finished with his conversation with the pilot, he headed straight for the complex.
It's now or never, he thought.
He checked the path to the lab, but there was no one on it, so he headed straight for the lounge to find Granger.
He found Granger as he was leaving Jackson's office.
“We need to talk,” Max said quietly.
They walked down the hall, and settled in a quiet corner of the lounge.
Max brought Granger up to speed on what had happened in the lab, and told Granger what their next move should be.
“But what about the pilot?” Granger whispered.
“Got that covered. All you have to do get his attention, I'll take care of the rest,” Max said.
“Take a box of something with you, and tell him you have to put it aboard,” Max advised.
Granger scanned the room. His eyes settled on the desk he had occupied. On the floor by the desk was another box of crystal memory tubes. If nothing else, Granger thought, if nothing else survives the trip home, at least those tubes should. That technology alone would justify his grant. He walked over to the desk, grabbed one of the boxes, and casually left the lounge, heading for the exit door.
Max hung around the lounge, watching everyone to see if Granger's departure had been noticed. No one seemed to care that Granger had left the room, and Max took his leave of the lounge shortly afterward.
Max waited at the exit doors, watching Granger approach the pilot. As soon as he saw Granger get the pilot's attention, Max slipped open the doors and walked to the side of the eagle.
Granger turned to the pilot.
“I need to get a few more boxes,” Granger said. “I'll let this guy stow this box inside.”
He handed Max the box. The pilot shrugged his shoulders, and leaned against the front of the eagle. Granger started back towards the complex and Max took the box inside the plane.
When he was sure the pilot wasn't looking, he grabbed the taser from its holder by the door and asked the pilot for help.
Granger hadn't known exactly what he was supposed to do, but when he heard Max's request he returned to the eagle.
By the time the pilot put his head through the door to see what kind of help Max needed, Max was ready for him.
He had the taser pointed and armed in his hand, listening for the sound of the pilot's boot on the stairs. As soon as he saw the framed target of the pilot's outline in the door, he shot. The pilot went down without a sound.
Granger didn't hear the shot, but when he rounded the front of the plane he saw the pilot’s lifeless body dangling, half in and half out of the plane.
“My God,” Granger shouted,  “what do we do now?” He was stunned at what Max had done and more than uneasy at the sight of an unconscious human being.  Granger didn't mind violence, just so long as he didn't have to see or do it.
“Just shut up, and help me put him over there, by the complex,” Max said. He had no time for words or explanations. As he pushed the pilot out of the doorway and onto the ground he told Granger, “Move it, do it now!”
Granger grabbed the pilot's feet, and Max took him by the arms. As they dragged him to the front of the plane, Max checked the area between the plane and the complex to see if anyone was around. He gave the all clear signal to Granger and nodded his head in the direction he wanted to go.
Max gave a pull in that direction, but Granger wasn't quite ready. When Max pulled, Granger tripped over the body, falling on top of the unconscious pilot.
“If we weren't in a bit of a hurry, that would be funny,” Max said with a sneer. He gave another tug on the body as Granger rolled off it. “Never mind. I'll do it myself.”
With Granger walking alongside him, Max pulled the body, dragging it the entire distance himself. He pulled and pushed the body, finally sheltering it behind a column near the side of the complex furthest from the door. 
They raced back to the eagle and nearly tripped over each other getting into the plane. Max put the taser back into its holder and sat down in the pilot's seat. Granger was quick to sit down and buckle up.
“Okay, genius,” Granger said. “Get us out of here.”
“First put this on,” Max said, reaching over to where the wristwatches were supposed to be.
“Damn, there's only one,” Max said, hitting the steering column in front of him. “The pilot must be wearing the other one.”
“Well, go get it,” Granger said as he snapped the one device onto his wrist.
“I don't have time, you asshole,” Max screamed at Granger. “Give it to me now...” he glared at Granger, “unless you want to fly this thing.”
Granger just sat there, arms crossed, and one hand firmly on top of the device he had just put on his arm.
Max jumped out of the seat, and was through the door in a single step. He went as fast as he could to where they had dumped the body, and roughly pulled the wristwatch from the pilot.
He was about to race back to the eagle when he heard footsteps. He stepped back into the shadows that the end of the day was bringing and waited, not even daring to look around the edge of the column. When the sounds died out and he could hear nothing but the mountain breeze whistling through the trees, he dashed back to the eagle, closing the door behind him.
“So how do these stabilizer watches work? I don't want to appear in our world exactly where an SST is flying and I'm unconscious,” Max looked at Granger.
“How should I know?” Granger said. “If we're lucky, these things will be tied into whatever navigation system they have on this plane.”
“LUCKY?” Max had just about had enough. He looked out the window of the cockpit. He could see Bert and his buddies in the distance returning from wherever they had been.
“It's now or never,” Max said. He flipped on the engine, called up the map, and chose a destination because at this point being anywhere else but here was where he wanted to be.
The eagle lifted off and soared high above the mountain, disappearing into the great blue beyond the horizon.
*****
Terry trudged along at the rear of her group. Bert and Barb led, and Harvey, well, Harvey just followed them along.
She was almost in a complete state of daydreaming when the whine of engines caught her attention. As she scanned the sky, she saw the eagle lift off, noting again how sleek it was.
“Did they leave without us?” Terry asked.
“No, that was just an eagle, not the bus we came on,” Bert said. “Maybe they're going for more sensors,” he joked.
“Well, they can tell somebody else to take a hike next time,” Harvey said. His shoulder muscles ached from the intensity he had applied to the rope to keep it taut against the pull of Bert's weight. But he would never tell Bert that. Harvey was getting comfortable with the idea of being important and useful.
I like this world, Harvey thought. It would be a nice place to live out the rest of my years. In Harvey's mind he had already built a log cabin in these woods and had settled in for the long night of his retirement. Harvey sighed at the image.
“C'mon, Harv,” Barb said, “we're almost there, just down this path and we can sit and relax for awhile in the complex.”
“What I want is a shower,” Terry said.
“First one to the door gets the shower first,” Bert challenged everyone as he broke into a half-hearted gallop. He too was feeling the effects of this trek, and it wasn't just muscle exertion. He had felt fear when his feet slid from underneath him. He had pictured himself sliding down that slope till it ended on the edge of a steep cliff, knowing that he wouldn't have stopped when the slope did.
Out of breath, the four of them reached the door at almost the same time, but Barb claimed victory and she even had enough energy to do a little dance to celebrate it.
They stood there for a moment, chuckling at their own willingness to behave like ten-year olds, and enjoying it at the same time.
When they caught their breath and settled back into their adult world, they were about to enter the complex, when Harvey told them all to be quiet.
“Shh,” he said, and held up a finger over his mouth. He cocked his head, listening.
They all heard that low moan only Harvey had caught the first time.
They stood in silence, trying to locate the source of the sound.
Harvey took two paces to his right, stopped, and listened. He retraced his steps, took two more to the left of where he had started, and listened again. He walked slowly in that direction, and when he was sure, he signalled the others to follow him.
Harvey approached the column at the end of the complex. There he heard the moan again, and cautiously, he peeked around the edge of the column.
“Holy shit,” Harvey yelled. “I need help here. There's somebody hurt over here.”
He knelt by the body of man, and Harvey knew from the uniform that this man was probably a pilot.
Barb pushed Harvey aside, and started the routine she had been taught as part of her first aid course. She checked the body for vital signs; his pulse was weak and thready.
“He's breathing,” she said. “Get a stretcher or something so we can carry him inside.”
By the time Terry had returned with help, the pilot was beginning to come to. Bert was just helping him to his feet when Dr. Jackson, Terry, and two burly men arrived at the scene.
The pilot brushed aside the offer of the stretcher. The first words out of his mouth were “stupid fools”.
“Who? Who did this?” Dr. Jackson demanded.
Terry could guess.
“My money’s on Max, and maybe Granger, too,” she said.
“I don't know who they were, except they both came with you this morning,” the pilot said, as he rubbed the spot where the taser had hit him.
That was when he noticed his stabilizer was missing. “They're going back,” the pilot warned.
Dr. Jackson followed the group as they helped the pilot into the complex. When he entered the lounge, he looked for Dr. Granger who was most conspicuous by his absence. 
Dr. Jackson asked one of the technicians to check the lab. He thought that's where Granger might be.
When the technician returned, he, too, had a wounded companion, and the visitors gathered around him to hear the latest details.
“I found him in a closet, Dr. Jackson. He's okay, just a little shaken.”
Dr. Jackson turned to his wounded colleague.
“Sam, what happened?” he asked.
“He was downloading something out of the computers, and he had one of these to do it,” Sam said, pointing at the laptops on the table.
“How many people were there in the lab?” Dr. Jackson asked.
“Just one. That was enough. I never expected him to turn on me like that,” Sam answered.
“Was he young and full of himself?” Terry asked.
“You got it,” Sam said.
“Max.” Terry confirmed.
“So what do we have here?” Dr. Jackson asked.
“Max and Granger are probably going to try to go back home,” Jessie replied.
“But they don't know what they're doing, or how to fly that plane,” Dr. Jackson said.
“One of them knew enough to come and get my stabilizer,” the pilot said.
“This changes everything,” Dr. Jackson said. He went to his office and called Dr. Callum. It took only a few minutes to establish the video link with the director.
“Have you got the information about the time differential?” Dr. Callum asked.
“No, but it should be along shortly,” he answered. “We've got another problem.”
As he told her what happened, she leaned out of visual range. When she came back into view, she said,  “All right, we're tracking them now. They haven't left our world yet, and I've sent an intercept.”
“You're not going to shoot them down?” Dr. Jackson exclaimed.
“Don't tell me my job,” Callum answered. “I know we have never had to do this before, but we've never had circumstances like this since the unification wars. I will not put this world in jeopardy!”
Her voice softened.
“There are a lot of other things we can do, other than shoot them down, but if I have to, I will power down the system in that eagle, I don't care where they are. That eagle is staying on this world, either intact or in pieces.”
Dr. Jackson couldn't argue with her. He only wished he had had more time to influence Granger. He was positive that, given enough time, he could have turned Granger's thinking around. The bribery of being able to work free of the need for funding, Dr. Jackson was sure, would have changed Granger's opinions.
“I want all the rest of the visitors back here at Beta Robin. The transport should be there in twenty minutes.” 
The video screen went blank. Dr. Jackson sat there for a few minutes. What have you done, Granger, what have you done, he asked himself.
*****
They were so high up they could see the outline of continents below them. They had risen so quickly that the cabin of the eagle had pressurized only seconds before their lungs would have collapsed.
“Woooo, what a rush,” Max said, as he gasped for the oxygen that began circulating in the plane.
Granger's face was ashen, and he forced himself not to breathe too deeply. As a scientist he recognized the giddy sensation of oxygen deprivation, and he knew it would pass if he kept his breathing steady and even.
Max stared out the window - awed by the machine and the perspective it gave him at this moment.
“It looks pretty, doesn't it?” Max asked, not expecting an answer. He had never before, first hand, seen the global picture. He had seen pictures and videos, but here was the real thing. He looked down at the deep blue of the ocean marbled by the white swirling strands of cloud that lay between him and the world below.
“TV doesn't do it justice,” Max said.
“The picture is pretty, but we have more immediate concerns,” Granger said.
“They'll be coming after us as soon as they find that pilot.”
Max turned his attention to the dials and knobs on the control panel in front of him. There were three sets of controls. The one closest to the pilot's seat contained all the necessary information for a routine flight.
The one next to it had some unfamiliar symbols. He pressed one button, hoping it was a map. His luck held. On the windshield in front of him, he saw that same red planet in space.
That's not the one I want, Max muttered.
The next control set had to be the one. He reached over to it, tentatively, running his fingers once more over the console. He cross-referenced this set to the one he had just passed over, focusing on where the map button had been for that set of controls. In his mind, he transferred the overall pattern from that group to the third group, took a deep breath, and pressed the button he hoped would also contain a map.
“I am lucky today,” Max said as another map appeared on the windshield. This time there were two blue-covered globes with and x marks the spot for his location on this world.
“Uh, Max,” Granger said, “I hope you're ready to do something, because I can see two dark spots on the horizon, and if I'm right they're flying faster than any bird I know.”
Max looked out the window. He couldn't make out any distinct features of the two spots on the horizon, but those two dark specks were moving at the speed of artificial flight.
He turned his attention back to the control panel, searching the symbols for something he could understand. He was about to press one, when a disembodied voice broke his concentration.
“Please chose a destination on Earth One,” it said.
“What?” Max looked around.
“This is the Automated Co-Pilot program you requested when you chose interworld mode,” the voice answered.
“How do I do that?” Max asked.
“Third button on the right, fourth row,” it answered.
Max pushed it as though it were a panic button. A small touch pad appeared and he put his finger on it. A small red x appeared on the second globe. As he moved his fingers around on the pad, the x moved. He turned to Granger.
“Where do you want to go back on our world?” he asked.
The question took Granger by surprise. He hadn't really thought about the specifics. Getting back had been the goal, but now that the opportunity was before him, he hesitated.
“Well,” Max said, as he watched the spots on the horizon begin to take on a familiar, if still indistinct shape.
“You know, they probably have the technology to shut us down right here, right now,” Max said, “and I don't think you would like the landing if they did.”
“Just shut up for a minute,” Granger said. “I want to take this thing,” he tapped the control panel of the eagle, “back intact and to a place on our world where there won't be prying eyes to see us.”
“Where is such a place?” Max asked. “Just tell me and we can get out of here.”
“I don't know,” Granger said. “He doesn't let me in on all his enterprises.”
“Who he?” Max asked.
“Never mind who he is. You'll probably meet him soon enough,” Granger said. He paused and a look of decision came over his face. “We have to go back to Stoneridge first. It's the only way I know to contact him. I have everything I need at my home.”
Max groaned, did he Granger realize what was asking?
Max assumed that the media hadn't finished its reporting on the disappearance of the lab, and if there were any place on his world where the cameras would be up, running, and trained on the sky, it would be there. He glanced out the window. Those spots weren't distant anymore. They were close enough to be easily identified as other planes.
*****
While Max was able to identify those spots as planes, they, too, had honed in on Max's eagle and identified it as the target they were pursuing.
“We have them in visual range, control. Alpha one over,” the pilot informed control.
“What's your distance?” control asked.
“Approximately,” the pilot checked the telemetry readout, “5000 meters.”
“Alpha One and Alpha Two, you have to be within 2000 meters before we can jam their instruments. What's your approximate time to do that? Over.”
“At this rate five minutes. Over.” Alpha One replied.
“Punch it up, cowboy. We don't have time to spare, Over.”
 Alpha One pilot smiled. That's what he had been waiting to hear.
He punched the button, relishing the feeling of acceleration as his eagle shot forward towards its goal.
Just give me two minutes, he thought, and that eagle's mine.
*****
Max moved his fingers to a point he thought was close to Stoneridge. The map enlarged as he put pressure on the touch pad and cities became large blocks on the map, until he identified the major city south of his destination.
“What I'm looking for is Stoneridge, Canada,” he said urgently, almost pleading with whatever authority might listening. He looked out the window and didn't need any instruments to tell him that those planes were much too close.
*****
“Ten seconds to control range,” Alpha One radioed. “Link up sequence begun, open line to target established, control. Over.”
“Do not shut down target. Repeat. Do not shut down target. Link to flight controls. Over.”
“Must be my lucky day. I get to fly two birds at one time. Over.” Alpha One replied.
Alpha One's control panel began to light up as system after system linked up with the system on-board Max's eagle.
“Five seconds to take over,” Alpha One said, as he started the countdown. He hadn't had a mission like this for a long time, and he was thoroughly anticipating the challenge of flying and safely landing two eagles from his cockpit.
*****
Max was sweating profusely. He checked his telemetry and saw that the pursuit eagles were maintaining pace within the 2000 meter range of his eagle, and he didn't like that one bit.
“They're up to something,” he said to Granger, “and I hope it doesn't involve anything that can explode.”
“Co-ordinates set,” the disembodied voice said.
As Max screamed “Yes” and frantically searched for the button that would start the eagle on its way to those co-ordinates, the soft sound of the engine died, the air circulating in the cabin of the plane stilled, and the cabin itself went dark.

Chapter 22

The eagle hung in the sky momentarily as though it were entirely free from the laws of gravity, suspended aloft by an unseen hand. Then it began to drop with a swiftness and speed that only a large metal man-made object can achieve. 
Max felt the freedom achieved during the free fall that zero gravity brings. His body lost its density and, like in a dream, Max was floating somewhere in between where he had been and where he wanted to be.
“Goddammit!” Max screamed as he tried to slam his fist into the control panel of the eagle, “they got us.” In almost an insult to Max's intentions, his fingers fought to carry out his frustration on something physical, and failed as they softly caressed the control panel, tapping it gently, and then gracefully floating away.
Granger gritted his teeth, trying to maintain the iron grip on the armrest of his chair that he hoped would keep his floating body in line with the chair beneath him.
Both expected the worst and knew they could do nothing to stop it.
As the eagle sank downward in its descent, the outline of continents disappeared and the only thing that could be seen for miles was the blue of the ocean.
“At least it will be a softer landing here than if we had mountains underneath us,” Granger said.
“Shut up,” Max said, still frantically looking for the button that would stop this rush to a conclusion, and a landing Max didn't want.
He had almost given up hope of finding that magic knob when the eagle stopped its descent and Max landed back in his seat with a thud. Granger still didn't let go his grip.
“Process initiated, starting phase two.”
A bright blue light appeared in front of the eagle. The engine purred into life, and, with the punch of a kickboxer, the thrust of the motor pushed Max and Granger as deep into their chairs as the fabric would allow.
In a flash they were through the blue light.
*****
“Pursuit terminated,” Alpha One said, as his eagle flew through the very spot from which Max and Granger's plane had disappeared. He had been so close to taking control of that plane. Disappointment showed in his face.
“They're through the blue,” Alpha One said with a sigh, “with a second to spare.” And he grudgingly saluted homage to the ability of whoever was flying that machine.
“Or maybe they're just incredibly lucky,” he said out loud to himself. Control heard this remark.
“More likely our technology kicked in,” control answered. “Return to base.”
*****
Jessie and Terry were sitting in Dr. Jackson's office when the call came through on the video link.
“Granger's finally done it,” Dr. Jackson said. “He could have had everything he needed here to continue his research and a great deal more.” He shook his head.
“You don't have what Granger wants,” Jessie said. She got up from her chair and went over to the window, staring out at the perfect scene outside. “You never did, and this world never could offer him what he thinks is the most important thing of all - money.”
“That's true for Max too,” Terry said, “I say good riddance to both of them.”
“You don't understand,” Dr. Jackson said. “If only one person goes back, especially if that person is, as you say,” he nodded at Jessie, “only interested in one thing, then the threat to this world is much bigger than you can imagine.”
“What do you mean by that?” Terry asked.
“You'll see when they take you back to the Beta Complex. We can't let Granger go back unopposed. If he's the only one with the knowledge, then both worlds will be in jeopardy,” Jackson warned as he gazed out the window.
“If I'm not mistaken, that's your transport now,” Dr. Jackson said with a finality that caused fear in Terry and Jessie.
The trip back to the complex was a silent one. Terry couldn't get Master Menlow to say anything more than pleasantries. She was grateful the trip was a short one.
*****
Dr. Callum sat in the boardroom alone, gathering her thoughts for the meeting that would take place shortly. No matter which way she looked at the situation, turned the facts this way and that, added up the possibilities, it would only lead to one outcome, of that she was sure. And it meant a decision had to be reached; action taken that was against the very founding principles of this world.
“It's not as though it had never happened before,” Callum sighed. There had been occasions when such action had been taken, but they had always involved a single individual, not a group of people. 
And they were nice people, she thought. Callum opened one of the files on the desk in front of her.
“Harvey Butler,” Dr. Callum said out loud. They had collected all the information they could on the visitors, and their ability to collect was immense. The pages in this file contained Harvey's life, whittled down to what the other world considered important enough to keep.  These bits of information were no more than the ancient footprints found by anthropologists embedded in flash-frozen mud that had turned to stone over the years. Those prints proved he was there, but didn't tell when; they proved he had lived and walked here, but didn't tell the why or how. These bits of information, by their very nature, couldn't answer the who and what and why Harvey was, or if his ambitions had far exceeded the place he had been delegated to in his own world
This file told a story of bad luck in employment. Harvey had been hired on at the mines as they began to decline in profitability, and had worked only long enough to use up his early years, leaving him stranded in an ailing economy during the middle years of his life. He was undereducated in a world that only valued a diploma on the wall. It was a world that told him he was too old to learn new tricks, and too young to receive the stipend of social security that assuaged the conscience of the companies who pulled in trillions from the sweat of the brows of all the Harveys of that world.
Dr. Callum sighed, and closed the file. If she opened Bert's or Barb's file, she knew the story would be the same. These people were treated as throwaways on their world, and now they had tasted this one.
Maybe the kindest thing of all is to wipe their memory before we send them back, Dr. Callum thought.
The door to the conference room opened. Members of the council filtered in, filling up the chairs around the table quickly.
And then there are the children, Dr. Callum thought. Those children are special. Their talents here would be put to good use and developed. How can we send them back? 
She looked around the room. Only Starr and Master Menlow were absent. She went to the door and glanced down the hall. The two were having a private conversation and she motioned them to hurry along.
Master Menlow nodded in her direction and she went back into the room.
“They all have to go back and you know it,” Starr whispered. “That's what the council is going to vote to do.”
“I don't have a problem with that,” Master Menlow said, “but we can't wipe their memory.”
“We have to,” Starr said. “If we're successful in shutting Granger down, then we can't risk anyone else wandering around with the knowledge that this world exists.” 
Starr walked away from Master Menlow, cutting off any further discussion. Master Menlow followed him. Once they were both seated, the council began its deliberations in earnest.
*****
“I don't like this,” Terry said to Jessie.
All the visitors were gathered in the lounge next to their quarters, but it was only these two who fully knew what was going on.
Jessie had cornered Master Menlow as soon as they had returned to the complex, and she had made him give up some vital information.
Even Elsie and May picked up on the concern that Terry and Jessie were feeling.
“Young lady, you look like you just swallowed a bug or something else just as distasteful,” Elsie said.
“It's a lot more serious than that,” Terry said, “and I know 'cause I have swallowed bugs before.”
May gulped and her stomach turned. Sarah laughed.
“Was it all green and squishy?” Sarah asked. “Did ya chew?”
“Don't know,” Terry answered with a small smile and a sigh. “It all happened so fast.”
“I think we need to tell everyone what's going on,” Jessie said. “They're making decisions about us right now.” Everyone gathered around Jessie as she told the story of what Granger and Max had done.
“You mean we can go home?” May asked.
“Yes,” Jessie answered.
“Don't want to,” Wendy said quietly, so quietly that only her mother heard her.
“Shh, Wendy,” May said, anxious to hear the rest of what Jessie had to say.
“The bottom line is, they can't have just one or two people going back. It's all or nothing. Now I know they're going after Granger and Max, they have to. They have to keep the knowledge of this world out of the hands of those who run our world,” Jessie said.
“Yea, can you imagine what would happen if the multinational corporations get their hands on neutrino technology? Here energy is free, and if those big companies on our world get a hold of it, it won't be free, if it gets developed at all,” Terry added.
“Yea, but having free energy on this world, or free food or even free medicine here doesn't help anybody on our world if we don't know about it,” Bert said. “It would really help our world to be a better place if we had the technology, too.”
“No one is arguing that, and in fact,” Jessie said, “they have been sharing technology and helping our world for centuries. Unfortunately, every time they have tried to help, the technology or whatever it is they've shared is never used for the average person. It always gets doled out for as much money as can be squeezed from people who need the benefits.”
“You know that's true,” Terry said. She turned to Elsie “This world didn’t even stop to ask if you could afford to have your eyesight fixed, or your diabetes cured, did they?”
Elsie shook her head. She knew that on her world, better eyesight and cures cost more money than she had, and she was lucky to have a medical plan that covered some things. She shuddered at the image that came to her mind. Her church newsletter had documented the conditions in some of the missions in poor countries. Elsie had always been grateful for the medical insurance she did have.
“But there's more to it,” Terry said, “than just that.” She looked at Jessie and made a sweeping motion with her hand. “Tell them. They have a right to know.”
All eyes were turned to Jessie, some with more than a little fear in them.
“Okay,” Jessie took a deep breath. “If they send us back, and I'm pretty sure they will, they have to maintain a solid story about what really happened at the lab,” she gulped. “They will probably wipe our memories.”
There was a collective gasp.
“They couldn't,” Harvey said. “They wouldn't.”  He pushed his way to the front of the group. That log cabin he had started to build in his mind began to crumble and rot. It was an image he pushed away. All his life he had pushed images of his hopes and dreams aside in order to make the trek through each and every humdrum day of his life. Once again he was being told that such an existence was his only option.
“They could, and they would,” Jessie said.
“Well, I won't settle for that,” Harvey said, his face hard set in a visage of determination.
“Hold on, buddy,” Bert put his hand on Harvey's shoulder.
Harvey pulled his shoulder out of reach of Bert's concern, “Don't buddy me. Not here. Not now.”
“Where's this big meeting at?” Harvey demanded of Jessie. “They have no right to do that to me.”
Jessie and Terry looked at each other. Terry tilted her head at Jessie.
“They do have a right to speak for themselves,” she said.
“It's in the board room, and I agree. We should make our own case for not having our memory wiped. And how to deal with Granger.”
Harvey was the first to reach the door of the lounge and the first to be turned back by the half dozen guards he met in the hallway.
*****
“Is it the consensus of this council that the visitors and the lab get sent back?” Dr. Callum wasted no time or pleasantries in getting the meeting underway.
All heads around the table nodded. All but one.
Master Menlow was not going to let the decision be reached without a debate.
“Why do all of them have to go back. Why send any back at all?” He looked around the table, trying to make eye contact with his fellow councillors. His hopes sank as, one by one, every person at that table refused to meet his gaze.
“That's a naive and simple question,” Dr. Callum said.
“Then it shouldn't take long to answer,” Master Menlow responded.
“You know that Granger has what he wants, and you also know that their world, at this point at least, won't be looking for him. As long as we have the lab here, they will be looking for it. Granger will be free to do what he wants over there.”
Master Menlow was about to ask another question when Dr. Callum pre-empted the anticipated question from him.
“If no else goes back, then Granger is still free. If we send everyone back, with the lab but without all the information that lab has collected, then the spotlight remains on Granger,” Dr. Callum said.
“But we are throwing these people back into the cesspool that doesn't want them or care about them. What about Bert, Barb, Harvey? Here they could become whatever they have the capacity to be.” Master Menlow looked around the room to see if his appeal was making a mark on the faces at the table. He sighed. The expressions on the faces didn't change.
“What about Wendy? Surely,” he paused and looked at the faces again, “surely, you know what will probably happen to that child. Her gift will either be abused or she will become the object of scorn over there. How can you sentence her to that?”
“And make no mistake, that gift of hers will be lost to both our worlds if you send them back without the memory of the possibilities this world offers to them.”
He sat back in his chair. The silence in that room spoke volumes.
“It isn't a question of what we want to do,” Dr. Callum said softly. “It's a question of preserving our world. You are blinding yourself to what will happen if they do go back with their memories intact.”
“We would offer them a place here on this world if we could,” Dr. Callum continued, “but Granger has taken that option away from us.”
“And aren't you assuming that they would want to stay here if we gave them that option?” Dr. Callum asked.
“That's circular logic designed to make you feel better about your decision, and you know it.” Master Menlow's words were as harsh as his voice could make them.
Again the silence spoke.
Master Menlow, feeling disgusted and defeated, got up from his chair and left the meeting before the final vote was taken. He knew his arguments had carried little or no weight.
What's the difference between our world and theirs? He wondered to himself. The answer to this quiet question came from deep within him, and a plan began to formulate in his mind.
“That's the difference,” he said out loud, his words bouncing off the walls of the long empty hallway that stretched in front of him, rebounding like echoes of another time and another place.
By the time he had reached the lounge, his plan was set firmly in his mind and he knew just who would help him with it. On the way he had made a little side trip and collected what he needed to implement the plan. He passed the guards outside the door with barely a nod in their direction. Inside, he found Terry and Jessie, and took them aside.
“We have to do something, and do it now,” Master Menlow said. He looked at these two visitors, hoping that he had judged them correctly.
“They are going to send all of you back,” he said.
Terry and Jessie nodded. They had expected this.
“But it's worse than that,” he continued. “They are going to wipe your memory.”
Terry and Jessie gasped.
“But why?” Terry asked.
“I don't have time for a philosophical debate on ethics and morality right now,” Master Menlow said. “I need you to help me stop them.”
Terry thought about the guards outside. She had noted that this time they did carry what looked like weapons.
“How?” she asked.
Master Menlow reached into his pocket.
“These will prevent the memory wipe, but I could only get five of them.” Master Menlow handed each of them one of the oversized wristwatches.
“They are going to take all of you to the lab, and then send the whole thing back through the wormhole,” he explained.
“But what's that going to accomplish?” Jessie asked.
“One of the things you don't know is that they can send things back in time, too,” he said. “Not days or years back, but up to eight hours back, so all of you should be arriving about the same time Granger arrives back there.”
“If not a little earlier,” he added.
“So?” Terry asked.
“They think it will flush Granger out of whatever hole he hopes to hide in,” Master Menlow said, “and it might work too.”
“And if all of you show up with the same story of being knocked out and then trapped for a few days, then the focus will be on where Granger is.”
“Sounds stupid to me,” Terry said.
“Stupid or not, that's what they're going to do,” Master Menlow answered.
As the door to the lounge opened and Dr. Callum, followed by a dozen guards, came into the room, Jessie and Terry hid the gift from Master Menlow.
“I don't know what you've been told, but I can confirm that Max and Dr. Granger have stolen an eagle and pirated it away. We are in the process of searching for it. In the meantime, we will be taking all of our visitors to the lab site.”
“Why?” Harvey asked. “Are we that much of a risk? Do you think we'll do the same thing?”
“It's for security reasons,” Dr. Callum said, and she tried to keep her voice as smooth and calm as she could.
Harvey took two steps toward Dr. Callum.
“You're going to send us back,” Harvey accused her.
“We haven't come to that decision yet,” Dr. Callum answered. “That is still up in the air. I can assure you that this is for security only.” Dr. Callum didn't like lying to these people, but this situation called for calm and order. She shrugged, then sighed. She knew that by tomorrow the only ones who would remember the lie would be the people who, right now, needed the protection the lie offered. 
“Doesn't matter what world you're on, bull crap is bull crap, and governments are still full of it.” Harvey took one more step towards her.
Two guards quickly flanked Harvey before Bert could intervene. They grabbed Harvey by the arms and led him out of the lounge.
“It's going to be all right, if everyone stays calm,” Master Menlow said to the visitors.
Dr. Callum turned to look at him, raising an eyebrow.
Master Menlow shrugged. “I just want to help,” he said.
It was a sombre group, surrounded by men in uniforms and bearing arms, that trooped down the halls and up to the waiting transportation on the roof.
“All the technicians that came with you are already on site,” Dr. Callum said. As Master Menlow boarded the plane, she took him by the arm.
“Where do you think you're going?” she asked.
“Look, there's lots of places to hide out in those mountains up there,” he said. “I thought maybe I should go along with them. Some of them at least trust me, and if a situation occurs, then I will be on site to help calm it down. You know that's one of my abilities.”
Dr. Callum nodded. It made sense to her that someone with that ability might be needed.
The doctor didn't wait for the transport to lift off. As soon as the last guard had gotten on board, she went back to the boardroom.
This time the flight to the mountains didn't bother Harvey at all. He was too angry to notice that the plane had lifted off.
“How are they going to wipe our memory?” Harvey demanded of Master Menlow.
“What kind of problems can it cause?” Barb asked.
“Just wait till we get there, and I'll explain it all to you,” Master Menlow said, though he knew his words meant nothing to these people. He could feel the anger, like a tidal wave, coming off Harvey, and the fear that had always existed in May was magnified threefold into a near hysterical panic. She kept it all within her making her heart beat fast and irregular, the blood pressure rising and falling like a tornado-swept sea, and her mind was so muddled that the only comfort she could find was to hold fast to her two daughters.  Menlow watched May as she looked into Wendy's face. Wendy smiled back at her mother and a calmness that Menlow could feel began to seep from daughter to mother. May's breathing became more rhythmic as Wendy practiced some of the techniques she had learned on this New World.
One down, Master Menlow thought to himself. He turned his attention to dealing with Harvey's anger. Justifiable anger was the hardest to deal with; it involved all the body's automatic systems, those that were designed to assess situations and devise an appropriate response. Flight or fight, those were the subconscious messages flooding Harvey's brain. Master Menlow bent his talents to diverting the message into calmer waters.
Barb could feel the flow of energy between Master Menlow and Harvey. She looked slightly askance at the two. She could almost trace the psychic wave that joined them. She tried to send out a wave of her own, and could feel it taking flight from her body. She directed it at Master Menlow. It spread out slowly and thinly, like a wisp of cigar smoke gradually making its way to its target, and when it did, it hit a brick wall.
Master Menlow turned and looked at her. Barb blushed.
“I knew you had the gift. I just didn't know that you had learned to control it like that.” Master Menlow's words broke into Barb's mind and were spoken nowhere else.
They didn't come into her mind as words, more like pictures, but Barb knew that no one else had heard them.
“It's going to be all right,” Master Menlow said out loud. “Just trust me.”
As darkness began to fill the night sky outside the plane, inside a silence descended with it.
Night had fallen fully by the time the plane landed at the complex. The guards ushered the visitors quickly past the complex beyond it to their lab. Master Menlow led the group inside the lab while the guards took up positions outside.
The control room was already full of the technicians so Master Menlow led his group down to the cafeteria. As soon as he was sure they were alone, Master Menlow gathered everyone into a small huddle.
“I don't have a lot of time to tell you this, so be quiet and listen,” he said.
He pulled out the remaining two wristwatches and put them on the table.
“I don't have enough for everyone but if you stay within a few feet of each other, these should, at least, partially prevent the memory wipe,” he said.
“How are they going to do the wipe?” Bert asked. Harvey was silent and sullen.
“It's not really a memory wipe. That would be too dangerous,” Master Menlow replied. “What they will do is try to rearrange your memories, and confuse them with images they will be implanting.”
“These,” he indicated the watches on the desk, “create a force field for travel through the wormhole, but they will also act as a filter.”
He pushed one of the smaller tables into the corner of the room, and pulled up three chairs around it.
“Bert, Barb, and Harvey, I want you to sit here,” he placed one device in the middle of the table.
“You don't have to do anything when you start to feel faint. Just put your head down on the table,” Master Menlow told them.
He pulled another table into another corner, put the last device in the centre of that table and called Elsie, May, Wendy, and Sarah over to it.
“Same goes for you,” he said to them.
“Jessie, Terry, and I will be in Granger's office. So stay here and stay safe,” Master Menlow said.
“And when you start to feel yourself blackout, think of something you've seen or experienced here, and hold on tight to that image,” Master Menlow said.
“Good luck and stay where you are,” he said as he left the room. “We will be back for you.”
After Master Menlow had closed the door to the cafeteria, he turned to Jessie and Terry. “We have to get up to Granger's office quickly, they may try to pipe in some gas to put us all to sleep.”
They raced up the stairs. As they entered Granger's office a warning bell sounded. The crackle of the lab's internal intercom system made everyone stop what they had been doing, freezing them in place as though they were children playing a game of freeze tag.
“Five minutes to transition,” an electronic voice warned.
Jessie and Terry scrambled for seats, put on their devices, and Master Menlow followed suit. In the silence of that countdown, they sat and waited.
The only indication they had that the countdown was complete was the slight dimming of lights, a small change in the air pressure around them  - and then the light show began.
Blue light streaked in and out from the observation windows overlooking the vat that still contained the heavy water in its cradle. They formed filaments of light that danced around the room and through the walls.
Instead of the rough and howling wind that had accompanied them on their first trip, there was only the mild stirring of air that a gentle summer breeze uses to waft the scent of flowers from a garden into the open windows of the gardener's house.
In the control room, the scene was much different. The technicians had been warned of the dizziness and the blackout to come. They put their heads on their desks waiting like prisoners of war for the moment of judgement from their captors. Some tried to keep their eyes open to witness this final and cruel sentence.
There was no light show in the cafeteria, just a stillness in the air, like the close and claustrophobic feeling in the atmosphere just before a storm hits. Harvey sat there and stared at the device on the table, wondering if it really would work.
And even if it does, he asked himself, do I want to remember this place? What good will that do me?
He remembered the connection he had felt with the mountain just outside the lab, the peace and tranquillity that had drawn him there. It was something he had felt even after the earthquake - the echo, he corrected himself. It was an echo, he thought.
As the mountain gained definition in his mind, and the image echoed with clarity and a resonance within his being, Harvey's eyes became heavy. The last image in his mind before he fell deeply asleep was that of a small log cabin in the woods bordered by a nearby stream that babbled with life. The strong scent of pine filled his brain as surely as if he was standing beneath the canopy of an ancient and untouched forest.

Chapter 23

It was another late night at the office for Dave at the Northern Chronicle. He had finished his editing several hours earlier. One by one, the rest of the staff left for the evening, and the building emptied, leaving him alone with his thoughts. He hadn't passed on to his boss what he knew about Granger or what he had found in Granger's house. Deep inside, Dave knew the story was much more important than the column inches it might temporarily fill in the newspaper.
Just on an off chance, he dialled Terry's number. He had tried it several times today, but all he had gotten was a fast busy, meaning the lines still weren't working. This time the phone rang and rang with no answer not even the impertinent “yea, what do you want” hello that was Terry's trademark greeting, both in person and on the answering machine.
Dave sighed, and hung up the phone.
He shuffled some papers on his desk, and was about to check the developing room to see if the prints were dry when the phone rang.
“City Desk,” he answered.
“Dave, it's Frank. Ya gotta get a photog out here to the lab site. Something's happening and I'm out of film.” Frank almost screamed his words into the phone.
In the background, Dave could hear heavy machinery, and the shouts of sergeants marshalling their troops.
“What the?” Dave asked.
“Something's going on down here. They're pulling the army out, and those guys in the funny uniforms? Well, they're pulling back to the perimeter the army was maintaining, and I don't know why. You gotta get somebody out here, now!”
The line went dead.
Dave didn't even bother saying good-bye. He slammed the phone back into its cradle, then made a dash for the film room. He loaded his camera and put as many rolls of film in his camera bag as it would hold, and was out the door and into his car within minutes of that phone call.
Stoneridge wasn't known for its busy nightlife. Since the mine had closed, Pitwell's Place was a perpetual ghost town. But this evening, while Dave had a clear road going out of town to Pitwell's Place, the incoming traffic seemed to be a never-ending stream of the khaki and brown army vehicles that had only days ago rolled into Pitwell's Place.
The perimeter was still the same distance away from the lab site, but the uniforms enforcing it had changed.
Dave pulled his car over to the side of the road, parked it, and went in search of Frank.
He found him arguing with a tall specimen of humanity in a white overall. Dave chuckled to himself. He watched as Frank made his point with the guard by repeatedly jamming his finger in the very spot on the uniform that held the curious logo that had yet to be explained to Dave.
“You don't have any authority here,” Frank yelled at the guard. “You can't keep me on this side of an arbitrary line you've drawn in the sand.”
“Sir, this is for your own safety. Some of the readings we have been monitoring indicate another rockburst or earthquake is about to happen, and we don't want anyone getting hurt,” the guard said. There was no expression on his face or concern in his voice. It was a factual statement that the guard seemed to think needed no emphasis or further explanation. He turned his back on Frank, and resumed his careful watching of the lab site on the horizon.
“You can't stop me from walking into that site,” Frank said, “unless you have a gun somewhere that you're willing to use.”
“Hold on, Frank.” Dave interrupted Frank as he was about to launch into a righteous explanation of constitutional freedoms as they applied in this situation.
The guard turned his vigilant attention away from the site, and trained it on Dave.
“You can't pass beyond this point,” he said to Dave.
“You're not going to stop me from going over there,” Dave pointed towards the site. “Me and my reporter are going there right now.”
Dave took Frank by the arm, and the two started their measured march towards the place the lab had occupied.
They took a few steps forward down that road, but the confident crunch of their footsteps belied what they were feeling inside. Their muscles tensed with each step they took. They steeled themselves, still moving forward, waiting for the report of a gunshot to ring out at any moment. They never looked back. Both were prepared to run like hell at any sound that resembled a bullet being forcibly expelled from a gun barrel.
Neither spoke until they rounded that first corner in the road, and both breathed a sigh in relief.
“Geeze, Dave, you're actually sweating,” Frank pointed to a bead of sweat running down the side of Dave's face.
Dave stopped, looked Frank up and down, front and back.
“At least I don't have a brown streak on the seat of my pants,” Dave said.
Frank tried to take a look, but his posterior was just out of viewing range.
Dave laughed out loud, and Frank punched Dave in the arm.
“Let's go. We may not have much time,” Dave said.
“Did anybody give any other reason for pulling the army out?” he asked Frank.
“No, and that's the kicker here. If there really were a natural disaster or event on its way, you'd think the army would stick around, at least for the clean up,” Frank said.
“From what I was told, the order was given three hours ago for the army to pack up and go.”
“Did you get anything on the white uniforms at all?” Dave asked Frank as they continued their march down the road.
“That's the really weird part of all this,” Frank answered. “I got one army private to talk to me, off the record of course, because he was fed up with being ordered around by those guys.”
“He told me that as far as he knew, they weren't military, at least not part of any military organization that he knew about, but the regulars still had to kiss butt and say yessir-nosir to them. He said they called themselves the Alpha Squad, and they had security clearances that only the Chief of Staff had. It was resented by the regulars here.”
“Hmm,” Dave said, as they kept walking down the road towards their target.
“How close do you want to get to the site?” Frank asked.
“Have you got your telephoto lens with you?” Dave asked.
“Yup, but it's broken, courtesy of a little disagreement I had with one of the Alpha whatever they are,” he answered.
“Well, we have to get closer than this,” Dave said.
It took them another ten minutes to reach the final bend in the road that led down to the parking lot at the lab site.
As they rounded that bend, they heard the sound of a racing engine in the background, far back down the road they had traveled. Frank grabbed Dave by the arm and hustled him into a ditch beside the road. The engine sound neared, and, as they watched, a white van raced past them and into the parking lot.
It had just extinguished its running lights when the sky was lit by a flash of light and the air got hot and heavy.
“My God,” Dave said. “Your camera loaded?”
Frank nodded. He was already aiming and shooting. Dave grabbed his camera and started taking picture after picture.
The one flash of light became many until the dark sky was no more, replaced by a kaleidoscope of colours creating patterns that were almost recognizable. They swirled above the ground, giving the air the density of a watery whirlpool, creating distorted pictures and shapes that only a junkie on a high would understand.
“Look!” Dave screamed, pointing to the centre of the light show. “Look!”
Frank looked. “There's something dark and solid at the center,” he said, pointing his camera and snapping away.
“It's getting bigger,” Dave yelled. As they watched, the dark mass began to take on form.
The show that had begun as a light high in the sky began to descend to the ground, and as it did, its form became distinct. Without a thud or a thunder, or even a mild disturbance in the air, the lab gently landed, burrowing into the ground, cradling itself with a shudder into the place from which it had disappeared.
“It's back,” Dave yelled. “It's back.”
“Whoa, what's that?” Frank asked, pointing his camera upward to the sky.
A second compact shape came into view, bringing with it its own small light show, except it didn't descend gracefully or land with precision. It hung in the air momentarily, floating and then, in fits and starts, starting to fly like a baby bird taking its first flight, unsure of exactly how to fly but sure in the knowledge that it could fly.
“Frank, get back to your car as fast as you can, and try and follow that thing. If you lose it, then get on the radio scanner and see if there are any UFO reports,” Dave ordered.
Frank didn't even stow his camera back in its protective bag. He ran with all the agility that his long, gangly, and seldom-used legs could muster.
Dave was already off and running. He was going to get as close to that lab as he could before somebody else got there - or before he ran into someone with a gun, he thought to himself.
*****
Jessie and Terry had closed their eyes against the onslaught of light that flooded over and through them. Terry shuddered, wondering what such an event might do to their bodies. Was this radiation, and was it something to fear, she wondered.
Just my luck, Terry thought. I'll have this wonderful story to tell, but with my luck I'll probably come down with a quick and fatal disease because of all of this.
Master Menlow reached over and patted the back of Terry's hand.
“We're almost there, and you don't have to worry about radiation,” he said.
Terry pulled her hand away. She didn't like the idea that somebody out there could get into the privacy of her own thoughts so easily.
“I apologize,” Master Menlow said, “but in situations like this, my training demands the use of my abilities.”
Terry opened her eyes. “It's okay,” she said.
The light show was ebbing to a close, and when Jessie felt the pull of gravity as the lab landed, she, too, opened her eyes.
“Are we there yet?” she asked, and Terry chuckled.
“Yes, Dorothy, we are back in Kansas.”
Master Menlow got up and went and looked out the window.
“Quickly, there will be someone here to 'greet' us,” he said sarcastically. “We have to get out of here before they arrive and everyone here wakes up.”
He started towards the door of Granger's office. “Is there another door we can use besides the front door?” he asked.
“There's a side door just past the cafeteria that leads to an elevator and a door,” Jessie said. “We used to use it to go outside for lunch.”
They quietly walked past the technicians in the control room. Some sat at their desks with their heads gently laid on their crossed arms. Others had fallen asleep suddenly, their struggle to stay awake obvious. They sat in their chairs, heads slumped on their chests or resting on the back of their chairs.
No one was snoring.
Before they left the lab, Jessie, Terry, and Master Menlow checked in on their friends in the cafeteria.
“They were well prepared,” Master Menlow said, as he watched them sleeping peacefully. They had done what he had told them to do, put their heads down on the table, cushioning them with their arms.
Wendy was already stirring when they entered the room.
“Shhh, child, it's time to sleep,” Jessie said softly, stroking Wendy's hair.
Wendy opened up her sleepy eyes, smiled at Jessie, and closed them again, sighing, slipping back into the easy sleep that oftimes only a child can experience.
Master Menlow took the devices from the tables and put them in his pocket.
“If they find these, they'll know what happened,” he said.
As they entered the hallway that led to the outside door, they could hear the faraway yet telltale thud of the front door being opened in a hurry as its metal frame clanged against the cement wall.
“Let's go now! Run!” Master Menlow ordered.
They made it the few feet down the hallway, dashed into the elevator. As the lights for each floor blinked on and off as they passed it, each number counting as a step towards safety. No one breathed easy until they pushed open the side door to freedom.
“So where do we go from here?” Jessie whispered to Master Menlow.
“We find whatever cover we can and find someplace safe to stay,” he said.
“And my first name is Arthur,” Master Menlow said. “I think we can drop the formalities now.”
“Well, if I remember my geography lessons, there should be some small hills to the east of here,” Terry said, pointing in the direction she thought they should go.
“Let's move it, and keep as low to the ground as you can,” Arthur said. Crouching as low as his tall frame would allow, he scurried toward the faint outline of a small hill close to the horizon.
It only took a few minutes to reach their goal. As they hunkered down behind the hilltop, they watched the lab seem to come alive with the sterile glow of artificial light casting beams on the area they had just scrambled past.
*****
The log cabin was almost finished. Harvey climbed down the ladder, took a step back from the wall to survey his work. The roof was almost finished, just a few pieces of edging left to cover up some of the joints, and he could begin work on the inside.
“God, it looks good,” Harvey said, as he pulled his bandanna out of his hip pocket and wiped the sweat from his brow. He looked around to see if Bert and Barb were still watching him, but they were nowhere to be seen. 
Even though the tall trees of the forest shaded him from a bright sun, he could feel the heat building and welcomed the slight breeze as he sat down next to his new home. His eyes felt heavy and his muscles were sore from the exertion of hauling the logs up to the roof. The afternoon was just about perfect for a catnap, he thought, as he drifted in a state of peace, somewhere between the working world and his Eden.
*****
Hospitals are always cold, Elsie muttered to herself as she shifted her head from one side to the other, changing her arm position as she did. She resented being here at all. Why just the other day the doctor gave her a clean bill of health, she remembered he did, so why was she here?
Enough sleeping, she urged herself, get up and do something if you're that uncomfortable.
She opened her eyes. It took a moment for the haze to clear, but when she came fully awake, she realized she was in a cafeteria. Who were these other people at the table with her, she wondered? They all appeared to be asleep too.
She shook her head to clear it and was about to wake the person next to her when the door of the cafeteria opened and men in white jumpsuits entered.
“Just stay calm. We're here to help,” one of them said, as the others at the tables stirred, reaching for consciousness.
Still in a sleepy fog, Bert mumbled, “Where have I heard that before?”
*****
From their vantage point outside the circle of light cast by the lab, Jessie, Terry, and Master Menlow watched until they could see the uniformed guards moving past the windows.
“It's Alpha Squad,” Master Menlow confirmed. “We got out just in time. They'll be there to put the right spin on what happened.”
“Who are they?” Terry asked.
“An elite group that your government created, but my world controls,” he answered.
“Once they find that you two are not among the sleeping in there, they will mount a search,” Master Menlow said. “We have to get out of here. Any suggestions?”
“My place is isolated,” Terry said. “Even though I'm the only one who lives there, there still might be somebody from the paper looking for me. I think I can head off any inquiries, for awhile at least.”
“Oh my God, Mun,” Terry exclaimed.
“Mun?” Jessie asked.
“My cat,” Terry said, “I've been gone for…” and she looked at Master Menlow.
“Five days,” he answered.
Terry felt the guilt descend on her like a wet blanket heavy with water and dripping with cold drops of liquid that felt like knives penetrating her conscience. I'll make it up to you, Mun, she vowed to herself.
“It's going to be a bit of a walk, but if we're lucky we might catch a ride down that road,” she pointed to a long blacktop that snaked its way towards Stoneridge.
They slid down the back of the hill, scrambling ungracefully to the bottom. Jessie tumbled into a patch of scrub brush. It lived up to its name, scraping her elbows painfully, and tearing holes in the knees of her pants. It crackled under her feet as she pushed herself up and stepped onto the solid rock. To these three fugitives, the sound was as loud as a gunshot.
They stood still, waiting for a response to the noise. When they were sure no one had heard, and there was no party on its way to find out what caused the noise, they began their trek reluctantly and silently in the dark.
*****
Dave was peeking over the edge of a hill when he saw the lights come on in the lab. He had taken only a few pictures before he knew that the flash of his camera would give away his position and probably bring the white suits out here looking for him.
Holy shit, he said to himself, the lab is back.
“What the hell is going on here?” he quietly asked himself. He debated whether he should get any closer, weighing the odds of what might happen to him.
“They wouldn't shoot me, would they?” he asked the night air.
No, but they could keep you out of circulation for a long time, he warned himself.
He had just about decided to sit and wait till daybreak when he heard a disturbance a short distance away. At first he thought it was just some loose gravel falling down one of the hills, and then he heard an all-too-human voice saying “ouch”. He ducked down behind the hill as far as he could.
Friend or foe, he had to find out who that was. He began carefully making his way towards where he thought the sound had originated.
By the time he reached his goal, whoever had been there had moved on. He scouted the area heading for town and could just make out three shadowy figures a hundred yards ahead of him. He froze where he was, hoping that none of them would turn around.
When they kept moving forward with no stopping, he, too, moved forward, keeping low to the ground, and trying to follow them while keeping a safe distance. As he gradually decreased the distance between him and them, he could hear them talking softly.
“Are they going to keep those people in isolation or what?” a feminine voice asked.
“I doubt it. Remember the plan is to flush Granger out, and that won't happen as long as no one else knows the lab is back,” a strong masculine voice answered.
“Well, that's going to be my job,” another voice asserted, and there was a familiar ring to that voice.
“Terry,” he said out loud before he could stop himself.
Terry jumped, and all three whirled around, scanning the area for whoever was there.
“Get down,” Master Menlow said, and all three hit the dirt.
Dave called out Terry's name again, but softly this time. He took several steps towards where the voices he had heard should have been.
“Terry,” he whispered, looking around in the dark, checking for a response.
He moved forward again, slowly but silently this time. If it had been Terry, why didn't she answer me, he asked himself. He took two more cautious steps and stopped. He breathed deeply and decided to try one more time.
“Ter…” Dave didn't even get the full name out of his mouth before something grabbed his ankle and hauled him to the ground. Dave went into fighting mode immediately and started whaling away with his arms.
“Stop it,” Master Menlow whispered. “Do you want them to know where we are?” he asked as he pinned Dave to the ground, covering his mouth to stop him from yelling.
“Good grief. It's Dave,” Terry said to Master Menlow. “It's okay. Let him go.”
“Terry?” Dave was incredulous, and then, in the next heartbeat, he was suspicious.
“Where the hell have you been?” Dave demanded as he stood up, brushing the dust off his clothes. “And who the hell is this gorilla?” pointing at Master Menlow.
“Look,” Terry said, “we don't have a lot of time here. We have to get to somewhere safe.”
“Somewhere away from the prying eyes of the guys in white suits,” Jessie added.
“Oh, you know about them, do you?” Dave asked, his reporter mode taking over.
Terry recognized the all-too-familiar transition from simple conversation to a full-blown interview.
“Don't start being a reporter on me right now, Dave,” she warned. “I'll explain everything to you later. Right now we need to move it.”
“I've a car parked three miles down the road here. If we can make it there, then I'll drive you wherever you want to go,” Dave offered.
Terry took him up on his offer, but she knew ultimately there was a string attached to it that she would probably have to cut at some point.
As they were trudging down the side of the road, Terry turned to Dave. “Did you get pictures of that lab?” she asked.
“Only a few. I didn't want to risk any more than that,” Dave said, “but I'm sure I got at least one that shows the lab reappearing.”
Terry nodded her head. One photo is worth a thousand words, she thought.
By the time they reached Dave's car, there were more vehicles but this time they weren't army, they were media.
“Shit,” Dave said, “I've got to get one of my people out here.”
He reached into his car and pulled out his cell phone, picked a number out of his memory, smiling as he did it.
“Joe's not gonna be happy,” Dave said as he let the phone ring. It took seven rings before a sleep-filled voice answered the phone, and there was only a minor protest when Dave ordered Joe out to the site.
“That's what I became an editor for,” Dave said. “I love it when I can do that.” He laughed.
“Don't I know it,” Terry said as she got into the front of the car.

Chapter 24

The eagle hit solid air and gravity with a thud. It wobbled in the air, ungracefully hovering in the night sky several yards from where the lab had abruptly touched down. Max and Granger rattled in their seats. Only the padding in the chairs prevented anything beyond the bruising that Max could already feel forming in his arms and legs.
When the plane had stabilized and Max had stopped rattling from both the flight itself and the fear he felt, he took the controls in hand, gingerly testing the response of the eagle to his commands. Within minutes, he felt he had the situation, and the plane, under control. He took a look out the window, expecting to see two eagles in hot pursuit, but instead saw a dark night sky, a bleak landscape and the outline of the lab below him.
“Shit, we're still on their world,” Max said.
“Not exactly,” Granger said. “Do you see any forest down there? Are we next to a mountain?”
Max took another look. The landscape below was barren, windswept, full of rock, but no mountains.
“Then we're home,” he said. “We're free. We made it.”
“Not quite,” Granger said, as he looked out the window. “The lab's back too.”
“What the hell?” Max exclaimed as he took a closer look at the landscape beneath him.
“You know what that means,” Granger said. “If the lab's here, so are our buddies from the other world. We have to get out of here right now,” Granger ordered.
Max took his hands off the steering column. “Anytime you want to fly this baby, just let me know,” he said sarcastically, giving Granger just a little demonstration of the power Max felt he had over the situation.
“And where do you want to go today?” Max asked Granger.
“I need to get back to my house and pick up some things first,” he answered, “but we can't just park this plane in front of my house like a taxi cab,” Granger said.
He sighed, “I don't know.” He paused and looked at Max. “Any suggestions?”
“Actually,” Max said with all the superiority he could put into his voice, “I do.” He pulled on the wheel and the plane veered sharply to the right, “We should be there within minutes.” Max chuckled, luck was still with him.
“Well,” Granger said like a petulant child, “where are we going?”
“There's an old airstrip five miles to the south of here,” Max answered.
“It was built when they were investigating the area for minerals. They used it to fly in workers in the early days, before there was a Pitwell's Place or a Stoneridge.”
“It wasn't built for anything large and it hasn't been used in years. The mining company maintained it for a long time,” Max said, “because the brass used to like coming into the area without anybody knowing.”
In fact, Max had spent many days at this particular area. His father had managed to break into the lowest level of management for the company that was allowed access and knowledge of the private airstrip. It was where he had learned how to fly, and where he had also learned first hand what it took to play in the big leagues of money and influence. Many times he had sat quietly, listening to the plans management concocted to increase their bottom line and to keep the union at bay.
“Will it still be usable?” Granger asked.
“Actually,” Max said, scanning the control panel in front of him, “if I'm right, and I usually am, then this plane can be put down almost anywhere. All I'll need is a small clear patch and we're in business.”
Max increased the speed, and it took mere minutes to reach their destination. As they viewed it from above, they could see a short paved runway that looked like it had seen better days.
“We'll drop down over by the office there,” Max said, pointing towards what looked like the remnants of a shack that had never seen better days.
Granger braced himself as the plane descended quickly. He grabbed onto the armrests of the chair and believed himself to be as ready for the landing as he had been for the takeoff.
Max's hand raced over the control panel, slowing the plane, guiding it down, hoping for a smooth and silent landing. He checked for the button that would engage the landing gear. He knew there were struts, hydraulic shocks, everything a normal plane would have to cushion the landing, because he had seem them when he first examined the eagle on the roof of the Beta complex.
He pushed the most likely button. An oxygen mask dropped down in front of his face. He pushed another and could hear the faint scrape of metal, and he was sure the landing gear was being moved into position. He gave it a few seconds and with the runway clearly centered in the crosshairs of his map, slowed the plane's speed to almost a stall, feeling the plane drop rapidly. He edged her nose down towards his target, mentally crossed his fingers, and wished himself good luck.
The runway tore towards them. Within seconds it filled the front window of the eagle. A light came on the control panel, flashing some sort of warning that Max just didn't have time for. He blotted out the insistent message, concentrating on the task at hand. At the very last moment before the nose of the plane seemed to almost kiss the runway, he brought up the nose of the plane level with the horizon and cut the engine.
Granger screamed when the eagle went silent.
“Shut up,” Max yelled back at Granger.
The eagle dropped like a stone on the tarmac. Max knew by the bounce that the landing gear hadn't completely engaged.
“Oh my God,” he whispered. “Hang on” he said to Granger.
The eagle careened like a drunken teenager who had just come of age and had tried one round of everything in the first bar he was legally entitled to enter. It dipped and doodled down the runway, threatening to overbalance at any point and collapse on whatever side gravity preferred. Max worked the controls, desperately trying to compensate for the eagle's wayward motion, lifting a wing here, damping the tail there, until finally the eagle settled into a pattern of a slow forward, and somewhat unsteady, momentum.
Gingerly, he applied the brakes, and the eagle slowed to a stop.
“We're down, and down safely,” Max said.
*****
No one stopped or slowed Frank's mad dash to his car. It was one of the trickiest runs he had ever made in his life. Kicking up dust as he raced down the road, he tried to keep his eyes on the object that had appeared above the lab, all the while trying to avoid tripping on the stones or other garbage that the army had left in its wake. Frank was sure he had just set some kind of speed record.
Maybe in the couch potato class, he chided himself.
He only paused long enough to click off a few pictures, knowing full well that they would probably only show a small dot of light in the air. He threw his camera on the front seat beside him, started the engine, and began the chase after the UFO.
It seemed to be indecisive about its direction at firs. That gave Frank just enough time to get his car in motion towards its current location. There was no traffic to stop Frank as he drove down the road towards the lab. No cars passed him, and what was left of the wooden army blockades stood as a silent witness by the roadside to his passage.
He had almost reached the parking lot of the lab when the lights on the UFO went out. They blinked back on with a different pattern, and Frank could see the whole shape shudder momentarily, change direction, and move off.
Strange, he thought. It's not taking off like a speeding bullet. It seems to be just flying along like it was on a sightseeing tour. It disappeared beyond one of the hills at the far side of the lab. Frank cautiously moved his car forward until he found a small road, hardly more than a path that ran around to the rear of the lab. Without hesitation he pointed his car down that road and continued his chase.
The road around the lab was fairly passable, but when it stretched out into the darkness beyond, it became two well-worn ruts in the ground. Frank could feel his car hitting bottom on the ridge in between the ruts.
Frank moaned as the occasional bump became a steady grinding noise of rock and sand against metal, almost a contest of stamina. Frank wondered which element would outlast the other, hoping that the man-made steel that protected the underbelly of his car was strong enough to go whatever distance he needed to go. He added up the potential repair bill in his mind.
“You're gonna pay for this, Dave,” he said out loud.
He crested the hill that had blocked his view of the UFO and thanked his lucky stars because he could still see its lights in the distance. The road seemed to be following the path the UFO took, and Frank settled in for the duration, no matter what the cost.
His car lasted longer than the road did.
Frank had just checked the sky to make sure the UFO was still moving in the same direction he was headed, and when he turned his attention back to the road, he had to slam on his brakes.
He stopped just on the edge of a gaping hole that spanned the width of the road and extended a car length beyond its closest edge. He got out of his car and paced the length of the hole. On the far side, the road continued, but even if he could get around the hole, the road on the other side was even worse than the one he had already traveled. The ruts were still there, but there was scrub brush growing in huge patches. Frank figured that even if he could take the car further, there wouldn't be much left of his muffler, gas line, or brake lines left intact.
“I'd need a Hummer to get through that,” Frank muttered as he loaded himself up with his camera, his cell phone, and a flashlight from the glove compartment.
The good thing is, he said to himself, I can still see that thing in the sky, and it looks like it's coming down. He shifted the weight of his camera bag and started trudging down the road, flashlight illuminating the rut in front of him.
*****
For some reason, Elsie was the least groggy of all the travelers in the cafeteria. Her instincts told her that she should do something, get out of here, but as soon as she translated her intention into motion, one of the guards came to her side.
“Just sit tight for a few minutes,” he said. Elsie noticed a genuine kindness in his voice.
Elsie took a good look at him. The white suit he wore looked more like it belonged on a spaceman. Even his hands were gloved. She tried to peer through the darkened visor that covered his face and could just make out his eyes.
Another guard had a small machine in his hand that he swept through the air in the room, pausing when it beeped or the lights changed. When he had finished with the room itself, he passed the device over each person sitting at the tables.
“All clear,” the guard said. “The residue is minimal.”
Residue? Barb wondered what they meant by that, but something deep inside her warned her not to ask.
Harvey wasn't so intimidated.
“What the hell is that supposed to mean?” he demanded, as he looked around the room at the guards.
“Where the hell am I?” he demanded, and his questions started a babble going among those who felt like they were prisoners.
“Just stay calm,” one guard reassured them. “There was an accident with the lab, which is where you are right now.”
Harvey's mind began to clear as his memory began to return in bits and pieces.
“The light,” he said, nodding his head, “the light when they turned on this thing.”
May was totally confused. She looked around the cafeteria, desperately seeking something that looked or felt familiar to her.
“I've never been here before,” she said softly, more to herself than to anyone else.
Wendy reached for her mother's hand and stroked it gently.
“It was the storm, mom,” she said. “Don't you remember the wind and the light?”
May looked at her daughter. Her brow furrowed as she tried to reach into a memory clogged with fear. The frightening image of the storm came back with such strength that May nearly collapsed on the table.
She grabbed the edge of the table, steadying herself against the onslaught of the memory of the storm, as nightmarish images filled her mind.
“Oh, my God,” she said.
“So where are we?” Sarah asked in that most simple and direct way that only a child could achieve given the circumstances.
“You're in the cafeteria of the neutrino observatory. There was an accident at the lab when they started it up, and it caused extensive damage to Stoneridge,” the guard explained.
“I'm Sergeant Alex Dufferin of Alpha Squad, and we're here to make sure everyone is okay.”
“Okay from what?” Bert asked.
“Well, when they turned this on, the deuterium reacted in an unusual way and released some chemicals. We just want to make sure that there was no damage done to any of you, and we will need to give each of you a thorough medical. There is a van parked outside and each of you will be checked out. Once you have a clean bill of health from the experts, we'll take you home.”
The word home triggered one of May's memories.
“I don't have a home anymore,” she said. “I don't know how I know that, but I know it's true.”
“There was extensive damage to the city. What is your name and address?” the guard asked.
May told him, and, as he checked his list, he shook his head in amazement.
“You must be incredibly lucky. Your home was cut clean in half. It was assumed that the half that is still missing was obliterated and strewn among the rest of the debris the accident caused.”
“They have you listed as missing and possibly dead.”
May gasped at his bluntness.
The guard chuckled, “Don't worry. We'll sort this all out.”
He turned his attention to the entire group. “If anyone would like something to eat or drink, we have supplies here.”
He motioned to the guard at the door. Two more guards entered the room, one pushing a cart filled with as much food as it could hold.
Harvey was the first at the cart. He wasn't particularly hungry, but his thirst was intense. He grabbed a bottle of soda, not even stopping to check if it was what he liked, popped it open, and downed half of it in one gulp.
The satisfied “ah” coming from Harvey as soon as he could draw breath was an invitation that everyone else acted on.
“Do you have any tea?” Elsie asked.
“And coffee. They're both coming,” Sergeant Dufferin smiled. “It should be coming along right now,” he answered, and, as if by magic, another cart was wheeled in with urns that wafted the wake-up aroma of coffee throughout the cafeteria, another invitation that few could resist.
Sarah dug in. While it wasn't burgers and fries, she managed to find some sandwiches that she liked. Those she tasted and didn't like, she magnanimously offered to her sister.
Wendy refused every offer.
“Aren't you hungry or thirsty Wendy?” May asked her. “I don't know how long it's been since we last ate, but it feels like it's been a long time.”
Wendy stared at her mother for a moment. Wendy's eyes held the look of an ancient soul, strong and sad as she searched her mother's face for something she wasn't quite sure of, but knew she needed to find.
“I just want some water,” Wendy said.
“We have some bottled water here,” Sergeant Dufferin said. He went to the cart, chose a bottle, and gave it to Wendy.
“Drink up,” he said cheerfully.
Wendy thanked him, unscrewed the plastic cap and as she put the bottle to her lips, she looked at the Sergeant. He smiled at her, but Wendy could see that his eyes weren't smiling; they were sharp and clear, and determined.
The Sergeant could feel her scrutiny and turned away to talk to his men.
Wendy moved the bottle away from her mouth and looked at it carefully. She spilled a small amount on her jeans and screwed the cap back on.
After a few minutes, Wendy turned to her mother.
“I need to go to the bathroom,” she said, and, as May was about to ask where, Barb said, “I'll take her.”
Dufferin moved from where he was to stand in between them and the door, and Barb reacted strongly.
“We're going to the washroom,” she said, and pushed him gently but firmly aside.
“I'll have one of my men show you where it is,” he said firmly.
“I know where it is,” Barb replied, “unless you're going to tell me that the rooms within the lab have been rearranged somehow?”
Dufferin backed off.
*****
The events in the cafeteria were being played out much the same way upstairs in the control room. The technicians slowly began to roust themselves. Those who hadn't been properly seated when the lab was moved rubbed sore necks and cradled arms that were beginning to sport bruises.
Palo had been one of the first of the technicians to awaken from his sleep, and in those moments between the waking world and the one created in our dreams, he had been unsure at first of which was which.
As his mind cleared, he established and recognized his surroundings. The images from his dream began to seep away.
“I can't let this go,” he mumbled to himself, and rummaged through the drawer in the desk for something to write on and with, or anything he could use to keep a record of his dream. He found a small note pad, grabbed the closest pen, and began feverishly writing down every thing he could remember.
As he scribbled down what he could remember, he thought to himself, this is the stuff of science fiction. Garbage disposals that break things up into their component parts, buildings made of a strong but flexible substance; virtual reality video with a technology far beyond what they knew and had now; but it was the space travel that stood out most vividly among the fading images in his mind.
Could it be possible in my time, he asked himself. He shook his head. The state of things today was incredible compared to even fifty years ago, but the inventory from his dreams was pure science fiction, the stuff that will always come at some future date.
He heard the footsteps coming towards the door of the lab. Before the door was even opened, without any secondary consideration on Palo's part, he shoved the notebook under his belt, pushing it under the waist of his jeans as far as he could. He didn't even wonder why he did this; he just knew he had to.
A tall man in a white suit with a unique emblem entered, and Palo saw the authority with which he surveyed the room.
“Hello, my name is Sergeant Basker and we,” he pointed to the other white suits that entered the room behind him, “are here to help.”
*****
Barb took Wendy by the hand after they had left the cafeteria.
“It's just down this hallway to the right,” Barb said to Wendy.
They walked in silence. Barb wasn't quite sure what to say to Wendy. She didn't even know what to tell herself, but she knew there was something off about, well, just about everything she thought.
None of this felt right to her. These halls looked the same, and as they pushed open the bathroom door, it looked the same inside, too. Barb inspected the room, suspicious of its orderliness. She walked over to one of the stalls and put her hand on the door, pulling it open.
There should be some blood here, at least on the back of the door, she thought, and immediately afterwards questioned why she had thought that.
“I know, there should be some blood there, too,” Wendy said, “but I don't know why.”
Shocked, Barb turned and looked at Wendy, thinking how did she know what I was thinking?
And the answer came clearly into Barb's mind. I don't know.
“Wendy?” Barb said out loud.
“I know,” Wendy's voice echoed in the stillness of the room, “but I don't know too. There's something wrong here.” Wendy paused. She pulled out the bottle of water. “And I'm not going to drink or eat anything they give us, and you shouldn't either.”
Barb felt faint. She leaned against the door of the stall while Wendy matter-of-factly went over to the sink and poured out the water. She refilled the bottle from the half-filled bottled water canister that sat atop the water fountain in the bathroom, and then took a deep swig.
“Ah, that's better,” Wendy said. She turned and looked at Barb.
“When you woke up, did it feel like you had been dreaming?” she asked.
Barb nodded her head, recalling bits and pieces of the Eden she walked through in her dream.
“Was it Eden?” Wendy asked.
“Stop that,” Barb said. “My thoughts are my own, and you shouldn't be listening in.” She paused, “Hell, you shouldn't even be able to.”
“Neither should you, but you can do it too,” Wendy said.
Just then the door burst open. Sarah entered the room with her usual swagger of self-confidence.
“Hey, little sister, they're lookin for you,” she said. “Time to go see the doctor, unless you're too scared.”
May followed on Sarah's heels and tried, as usual, to shield Wendy from Sarah's aggressive self-confidence. Just as she was about to scold Sarah, and to tell her to leave her sister alone, Wendy interrupted her.
“S'okay, Mom,” Wendy said, “I know what Sarah really means when she acts like that.”
With a self-confident smile, Wendy led the group out of the washroom and back to the cafeteria. May had never seen such a look on her daughter's face before, but May didn't have the time or the energy to analyze why it was there now. Sarah, however, did and was. She dawdled along at the back of the group, with a scowl on her face and her arms crossed. She wasn't pleased with this turn of events.
Once they reached the cafeteria, they were all herded into a single line. The procession was headed by Sergeant Dufferin.
“We've already checked out the technicians, and now it's your turn. We'll be taking you to a unit that's been set up outside in the parking lot. Once you've all been checked, we'll arrange transportation to your home.”
He turned to May.
“Actually your husband.... Dan is it...is waiting for you,” he said. “We were able to contact him.”
Bert felt some relief when he saw the front glass doors of the lab. He wanted to bolt and run through and beyond the confinement this complex had become. The guards certainly added to the feeling that he had somehow been kept a prisoner for awhile.
Dufferin stopped them when they reached the doors, checked for the signal from the medics in the van outside, and, as a group, they exited the confines of the lab.
As they walked towards the parking lot, Barb wrinkled her nose and looked at Bert. He nodded his head, wondering what the strange smell was. It was subtle, sickeningly sweet and somewhat stale. The air had a thickness to it that didn't seem quite right. It didn't make sense. The air-conditioned air they had been breathing in the lab seemed to Bert to have felt somehow cleaner than this.
By this time, everyone in the group had noticed that smell and the feel of the night air.
“What's that smell?” Harvey asked out loud as he took deep breaths, trying to locate the source of the odor.
“Home,” Wendy said.

Chapter 25

Dave drove down the long, almost rural street, right past Terry's house. This street was on the edge of town, in an area that had never been developed in the usual way a growing town would. There were no houses crammed together every seventy feet with neat little fences that delineated the small, but private, backyard, with trees in each front yard that would eventually form a canopy over the street, increasing its shade and its value. Not here. The houses were few and far between, the driveways weren't paved, the telephone polls leaned with age, and the hydro lines sagged in disrepair.
That's probably what saved this area from major destruction, Dave thought. When you can sway with the wind, bend against a storm, and if you can lose a tile or two from your roof and it doesn't break your neighbour’s window, you've got a much better chance of surviving intact.
Dave sighed.
Terry reached over from the passenger side of the front seat and poked him.
“Why aren't we going in?” she asked.
“Because everywhere I've been lately, I've seen shadows. I want to make sure there's no one waiting to surprise us when we open your door.”
“But look, the back porch light is on,” Terry pointed to it. “The only shadow there is what's created by the lightbulb. C'mon, I have to see Mun.”
Dave looked at her.
“Mun, my cat.”
“Oh, you mean the little monster that can fill a litter box with the most obnoxious stuff my nose has ever encountered,” Dave said with a smile, adding, “and he can do it in record time, too.”
“I see you two have met?” Terry looked at Dave.
“Okay, okay,” Dave was somewhat apologetic. “I searched your house after you disappeared.” When Terry started to object, he said, “Because I was worried about you,” Dave glared at Terry.
“When I found out you had a cat, I stopped by twice a day while you were missing to feed him and give him some water.”
“Oh,” Terry said quietly.
Terry was silent while Dave made another pass of her house. On the next drive by, he turned into her driveway.
“Can I take the car all the way 'round to the back?” he looked at Terry, “I don't want it to be seen from the road.”
“Yea,” she said. “Actually there's a shack way in the back. Let me out here and I'll open the door for you.”
The small shack was actually the remnants of a barn that had stood so long abandoned that the trees had grown unchecked around its perimeter, blocking most of it from view. For as long as Terry could remember, the barn had been in a continual state of decline. With no sheep or cows allowed within the city limits, its usefulness was limited. Over the years it had been ransacked and pillaged as old barn wood faded in and out of home redecorating trends. Terry remembered how her mom and dad had laughed at the “city folks” who had laid down real dollars for pieces of something that was not standing the test of time. Now there was only a small section in the back of the barn, but it had a pull-down door, and it was big enough to snugly hold a mid-sized car.
After Dave had carefully steered it into its hiding place there was barely enough room for the passengers to get out of the car. In fact, he had to back out and let Master Menlow out before he reparked it.
“They make 'em big where you come from,” Dave said, looking Menlow up and down, as they entered the back porch.
“No, just good genes,” Master Menlow answered.
*****
Mun was asleep when he heard the car pull into the driveway. He wasn't concerned; there had been more than a few such false alarms over the past five days. Those big ugly things that usually brought people stayed for a short time and then left. He was waiting for the sound that he knew - Terry's car. He lifted one ear, cocked it in the direction of the driveway and listened. Nope, not it. His ear sank back into a half-ready position and he started to go back to chasing that mouse in the barn. His whiskers twittered as he took up the chase again. His tail slashed the air, faster and faster, as he closed in and was about to pounce on his prey. He was mid-air in his mind when a voice broke through his private dream and he came instantly awake.
Food-giver was the first thing that came to Mun's mind as he padded over to the back door and plunked himself down where he was sure to be found. He watched as the doorknob turned, listened as it was unlatched from its catch, and waited as patiently as only a cat can, for the door to open.
When it did, and when Terry entered, he sat in place and allowed her to come to him. She was squawking away, but Mun could tell from the tone that she was sufficiently glad to see him, and suitably apologetic for her absence. Once the petting was done, he got up, arched his back and rubbed himself against her legs until she went to the counter and filled up his dish. While he settled into this extra meal that he had received out of sheer guilt, savouring every bite, Terry, Jessie, and Master Menlow told their story to Dave.
*****
Max and Granger sat there in the eerily silent aftermath of their landing, breathing in a controlled rhythm, calming their nerves. Neither moved nor spoke for what seemed like an eternity.
Max looked out the window, scanning for two things. He spotted what remained of a small hanger. The oval-paneled ceiling of the hanger was pockmarked by the holes in its glass panels. The door stood wide open. He looked around for the control tower, or at least what had passed as a control tower and private drinking retreat at this airstrip.
The old wooden clapboard office at the side of the runway was still there, but it too, had obviously seen better days.
“There,” he pointed to the hangar. “We want to park this thing in there.”
“And how are we going to do that?” Granger asked. “Push it over there?”
Max started the engine of the eagle and carefully started the plane rolling. He made as wide and gentle a turn as he could on a tarmac pitted with holes and littered with tall weeds. The eagle rolled unevenly across the surface - all of its technology could not smooth out the uneven edges of the ground it traversed. But it went the distance, and Max parked it as expertly as he could, as far back in the hanger as was possible.
When Granger finally touched his feet down on the cement floor of the hanger, he almost collapsed with relief. Even though his legs felt as though he had just stepped ashore from a long ocean voyage, Granger's mind was on business. With speed and precision, he grabbed the laptop from the other world that Max had stowed away in the eagle, and, without a word to Max, headed for the shack that Max had called an office.
He couldn't see well in the darkness. There were no runway lights, and the office was dark, barely an outline in Granger's sight. He stopped midway, searching for the one thing he hoped to find - the long unbroken silhouettes of hydro and telephone lines. He couldn't find any.
“Whoa, partner,” Max called after him, running to catch up to Granger.
Granger stopped and waited impatiently. He had things to do and people to see, he thought to himself.
“You won't do yourself any good if you walk in there, trip over something, and break your leg,” Max said to Granger.
Granger made no comment.
Max pushed on the door of the office. Any lock that had once been there was gone completely, leaving an ugly rust stain in its stead. The door opened slightly, creaking at each angle change between it and the doorjamb, disturbing the quiet of the night like a tortuous scream.
Impatient, Granger gave it one forceful shove. With a whiny creaking, what was left of the hinges gave way and the door fell to the floor with a dull thud.
“That's one way to do it,” Max said sarcastically.
He cautiously stepped into the office, avoiding the door on the floor. Granger started to follow him immediately, but Max warned him off.
“Stay there,” he said. “I can remember the layout of this place, and I think I know where to find us some light, if we're lucky.”
It was almost pitch black inside. He ran his hand along the wall to his right, found the light switch, flicked it, and got nothing for his effort.
I didn't think there would be any power here, he thought.
He looked towards the right where he knew the traffic controllers’ desk should be. In the trickle of light coming from the window over that desk, he could make out its outline.
He walked slowly to the desk, sliding his feet along the floor, keeping his hands in front of him, checking for obstacles. When he reached the desk, he looked out the window. The blinds had been permanently rolled up and the glass pane from the window was broken. The only glass remaining were large shards that clung to the frame itself, layers of old paint holding them in place.
He moved around the corner of the desk to get into the drawers, hoping that some of the remnants of the cigar smoking parties they used to have here still remained.
He pulled the top drawer out completely, setting it down in the middle of the thin light that barely illuminated the desktop. Max rummaged through it and found the matches he was looking for.
Now, all I need is for them to work, Max thought. He put them down on the desk and bent down so he could see them. He opened the box, found a few matches inside. His fingers settled on one and pulled it out, carefully pushing the box closed. Max crossed his fingers, hoping that it would light. 
He pressed the match down against the gritty strip on the side of the box, scraping it along, hoping it would light before all the chemicals were stripped clear of the match head. Just before he reached the end of that strip, the match sputtered and flared into life, the flame leaping up in vivid contrast to the darkness of the room. The glare caught Max by surprise and he almost snuffed out the light accidentally.
It didn't cast much light, but it was never meant to. Now that Max had something to help guide him, he went directly to the file cabinet on the inner wall and the match lasted long enough for him to get there.
He waved the match out and put the still smoking stub on the top of the metal cabinet.
“Let's see,” he said. “If I'm right, there should be an oil lamp up here.” He searched the top of the cabinet with his hands and found nothing but dust.
“Damn,” he said.
Not wanting to waste any more matches, he searched each of the drawers of that cabinet in the dark, then moved on to the smaller one next to it. The top drawer contained nothing but what Max assumed was an old file folder, but as he ran his fingers along the inside of the middle drawer, he found two long round objects that rattled just out of reach of his hand. He shoved his arm in deeper and grabbed them.
“Got candles,” he said to Granger as he lit them and put them down in the large ashtray that still graced the desktop by the window.
It took a few minutes for the glow of the candle to light the room, but when it did, Granger saw what he was looking for. He bravely stepped into the room and went straight to the old black phone box that was hanging on the wall.
Max laughed, “That hasn't worked in years.”
“What you want, and hope will work, is right over there,” he pointed to the wall next to the desk.
Granger walked over to it, giving it a thorough inspection. To him, that metal cabinet attached to the wall was merely a maze of wires, dials, and knobs, but there was a handset that looked like it functioned like a phone, set into a recess in the middle of the panel.
“Radio phone?” he asked Max.
“Yup, but it probably doesn't work either,” Max said. “There's no electricity here, and if that battery,” he pointed to the one on the floor, “still works, I'm buying stock in that company.”
Max wasn't sure how to work it, but he pulled a few knobs, pushed a few, and flicked a few switches. The only acknowledgement he got for his effort was the noise the metal switches made and a grunt from Granger.
“Looks like we're walking,” Max said. “Might as well get a little rest and then we can head off at first light.” He settled into the captain's chair at the desk, put his feet up, and closed his eyes.
Granger looked around the room for something that was at least just as comfortable, but all he could come up with were two deck chairs, and for the next few hours he tossed and turned and scrunched himself into a semblance of being at rest.
*****
Frank didn't even notice the gradual transition from the dead of night to the grey of early morning. He just kept walking, following the ruts in the road, one step after another.
Okay, he said to himself, at the top of this next hill, I'm stopping. That's far enough. It's stupid to try and chase this thing on foot.
He doggedly forced himself up to the top of the hill and plunked himself down. He took out the soggy tissue that he had been using along the way to keep the sweat out of his eyes and wiped his forehead one more time.
As he looked towards the horizon, all he saw before him was the remains of the road he had followed, a shallow valley ringed by more hills that stretched beyond his ability to see. In the dark greyness that comes just before dawn, these hills were all the same dead brown-black colour that characterized the remnants of industry in this area. As he sat there and watched the sun rise in all its colour and majesty, bursting above the horizon with energy and life to spare, its glow and glory did little more than emphasize the stark bleakness of these hills and the tiredness he felt in every muscle in his body.
It's useless, he thought. Might as well backtrack and see if I can pick up on any UFO reports.
As he slowly and reluctantly got to his feet, the sun's rays swept over the valley and a glint caught Frank's eye.
How did I miss that? Frank asked himself. He could plainly see, now that the sun had fully risen, there in the valley, out in plain view, was a landing strip, a decrepit hangar and what looked like a small office.
It must be down there somewhere, Frank thought, and sized up the road ahead. The side of this hill that he had climbed had been gentle compared to the side leading to the airstrip, although when Frank had climbed it he probably wouldn't have agreed.
He started down the steep side, clutching his camera in one hand, and with the other hand grasping anything that either grew, or was firmly imbedded, in the side of the road to keep him from getting to the bottom of this slope on his bottom.
*****
As soon as Max felt the sun's rays beaming through the window, he opened his eyes. He hadn't truly slept, his mind was too busy for that, but he had rested. He got up and looked out the window, checking for any sign of movement. The valley looked as deserted in the bright sunshine as it had in the dark, and just as barren.
“Sun's coming up. Wake up. Let's move it.” Max shook Granger.
Granger nearly fell out of his chairs. “I didn't even know I was asleep,” he replied.
He rubbed his back. It ached just about everywhere the wood slats of the deck chair had supported his weight.
“Well, you snored once or twice,” Max said.
Granger ignored the comment, walked over to the door and looked out, surveying his options.
“So do we head up that old road back there?” he asked Max, pointing at the very road Frank was beginning to descend.
“No way. That one will lead us back to the lab site, and that place is going to be crawling with people we don't want to talk to,” Max said.
“There's another road that meets up with the highway into town. We can probably catch a ride there with somebody who won't ask too many questions,” Max said.
Granger grabbed the laptop as though it was made of pure gold, and Max checked the office for anything they could take with them that might prove useful.
The matches he put in his pocket. He was about to follow Granger out the door when he saw something that came right out of his childhood. Hanging on a hook on the back wall was an old hat, the kind they wore in the 30s. He delicately picked it up by the crease in the front, and ran his fingers along its brim. He remembered this hat and who had worn it. In a painful flash of humiliation, he was a child of ten once again, hearing the sarcastic words that passed as humour coming out of the boss's mouth, cutting his father down to the size of a pea. He couldn't remember the specific insult because they occurred more often than the sun rose, but he did remember his father laughing uproariously at the boss' joke. Max remembered looking at his father keenly, hearing his laughter but seeing no mirth in his father's eyes, just a hard-set glint. Max came to know that look well. It was his father's “you do what you have to, son” look. Whenever his father was a little too loose from the booze, which was often, he always made sure that Max understood that maxim.
His fingers ran across the pin that was set in the hat, a peregrine in flight, pure silver. As the frustration of a ten-year-old boy built to a rage, Max crushed the hat in his hand and started a long dramatic sweep of his arm to throw the hat back into the dust of his memories. At the apex of that gesture, just before his hand let go of the hat, he clenched his fist shut over it, feeling the felt crumple under the pressure his fist applied.
Max smiled, straightened out the crushed brim, set the hat firmly on his head, and softly said to the ghosts in this room, “you do what you have to, dad.”
With a sense of justice, of things having come full circle, Max joined Granger outside the office, and they set off towards the highway.
*****
“This is all bullshit,” Dave said. He had sat quietly for several hours at Terry's kitchen table, drinking one coffee after another, listening to their wonderful fairy tale story of this perfect world that existed at the other end of the neutrino rainbow.
“Do I look like Auntie Em?” he asked, “and is Mun Toto?”
“Which one of you is Dorothy?” he asked Terry and Jessie. “And I guess, Arthur, that makes you the Wizard,” he said to Master Menlow.
“But I'm telling you what I saw with my own eyes,” Terry protested, as she slumped back in her chair. She looked at Arthur, shook her head, and let her arms drop down on the armrests, hands dangling over the edge.
“You will at least acknowledge that the neutrino lab here disappeared for a period of time?” Jessie asked Dave.
“That's a fact,” Dave replied, and as Jessie was about to continue, he put his hand up in the air, stopping her before she could get another word out.
“I know what you're going to say, but the disappearance is not proof that you went where you think you did.”
“How do you explain it?” Arthur asked.
“I can't,” Dave said, “not at the moment.”
“Then why couldn't the lab have gone where we say it went?” Terry asked.
“First of all, it violates all the laws of physics as we know them,” and again he stopped Jessie before she could a word out of her mouth, “and these laws or rules that govern our physical world work have been proven time and time again. Scientists have been able to demonstrate that they are sound principles.” Dave stopped for a second. “We wouldn't have the technology we have now if they didn't, like electricity, computers, television, or atomic energy.”
“You're right, Dave. The rules of physics are sound, to a point,” Arthur said, and this time he stopped Dave from getting a word in, “but it's like everything else - there are boundaries to rules that are governed by something beyond what we can see, touch, or feel. Newtonian physics and thinking, which is what your technology is based on, is linear and it is limited.”
“But it works,” Dave said.
“To a point, and if that were all there was to the universe, then that's all you would need to know. Think of it this way. There are different ranges to voices, you know, bass, tenor, alto, and soprano. If you separate them and treat each of them as a world unto itself, well you can see that a tenor, no matter how rich or perfect a voice, would never be able to hit the notes that a soprano could.”
“Not without an operation he couldn't,” Dave chuckled at the image. “I get your point, but even if I am one of those linear Newtonian types, I still need proof.” He paused for a moment and looked at Terry. “And I'm surprised you didn't get any. Where's the reporter in you?”
Before Terry could answer, Dave said, “This is all beside the point anyway,” as he waved his hand in the air as though anything that could be said already had been. “It's much more likely that this so-called memory wipe that they did on the others was what was actually done to you.” He held up his hands in the air as though he were a school crossing-guard regulating traffic. “Not a wipe but an implant. I know there are more than a few government agencies that have experimented with all kinds of drugs over the years to control people's thoughts and actions.”
“What about their fixing Elsie's eyes or her diabetes? There has to be medical proof there,” Terry said defensively.
“Miracles, unexplained remissions, etc., etc., etc.,” Dave said. He downed the last drop of coffee in his cup, held it up, and, with a sheepish smile on his face, asked, “any more?”
Dejectedly Terry went and rinsed out the coffeepot, made a fresh batch, and fed Mun. She wasn't about to let Dave leave this house without at least opening up his mind to the possibility of another world.
*****
“You are not putting that there.”
Bert was adamant. He stood in the examining room, covered only in the briefest stretches of material they called a dressing gown, one arm held out in front of him keeping the nurse at bay, the other arm bent behind his back, clutching the open edges of the robe together. Ready at a moment's notice to protect what he felt was one of the most private parts of his anatomy.
He thought she was a nurse. She had on a white uniform, a stethoscope hanging around her neck, and large wristwatch. He had even asked her name, but all he got out of her was a stingy smile.
Up to this point, the medical exam Bert was undergoing had started out with all the usual equipment. They took his blood pressure, his pulse, listened to his heart and lungs, tested his reflexes, and, when she said they needed to take his temperature Bert had opened his mouth.
“No, we need more of an internal temp,” she explained as she invited him to get up off the examining table, go to the end of it, and bend over.
He got up off the table in a hurry, but wouldn't turn his back on her.
“No,” he said, and, this time, feeling confident, he crossed his arms on his chest, and sat back down on the table.
Perhaps it was the look in his eyes, or the solid way his 240-pound frame made an impression on the padding on the examination table, but the nurse didn't argue. She put the thermometer she had in her hands on the counter, and took a fresh one out of a glass jar on the counter. She stuck it in his mouth and duly recorded the reading she took.
“I guess that does it,” Bert said, rising from the table and reaching for his clothes on the chair beside it.
“Just a few more tests,” the nurse said. “We need to get some blood samples.”
God, I think I know how lab rats must feel, Bert thought.
Bert sat back down. The nurse took the sample, and then left the room.
When she came back, she carried with her what looked like a football helmet, except the opening for the face was filled in with thick collared plastic.
 “What the hell is that?” he asked.
“You've heard of CAT scans, you know those big machines that scan the body at hospitals?” the nursed asked. Bert nodded.
“Well, this works just like that, except it's smaller,” she explained. “We just want to make sure you have no hairline fractures or anything like that.” This time she smiled and tried to make it as warm as she could. Bert noticed the effort.
She put it on him, plugged it in, and Bert fell into a deep sleep.
*****
Frank was too busy trying to negotiate the road down to the valley to notice Max and Granger's exit from it. By the time Frank had reached the valley floor, the only thing he felt was gratitude. He sat down and rested for a few minutes before beginning the trek to the landing strip. He figured it would only take him an hour at the most, even though he knew as the sun rose the temperatures would climb and there was no shade along the way.
“No place to hide either,” Frank said to himself as he watched the area. He hadn't seen any sign of movement, not even an old crow circling high overhead. He plodded along the remnants of the road, dead tired, thirsty, and getting hotter by the minute. Halfway there he removed his jacket and rolled up his sleeves. It helped somewhat, but the sun beat down almost relentlessly and in Frank's mind it became a contest to see if he could go the distance.
With more than a little satisfaction, Frank made it to the office at the landing strip. Frank walked around the building quietly, listening for sound or movement. When he finished his inspection, he stepped into the cool shade inside and headed straight for the closest chair. With a long drawn out “aaaah” he put his feet up on the desk, and for a few moments allowed himself some rest and relaxation before he thoroughly checked out the office. The only thing of note was a faint smell of sulphur. His nose led him to the burnt out match on top of the filing cabinet.
Somebody's been here recently, he thought to himself. He looked out the door at the hangar on the other side of the strip, and tried to plot a subtle way of getting there. It's door gaped wide open giving anyone, if there was anyone there, a full view of the office.
Frank stood there for several minutes, watching from the cover the office afforded him, but he could see no movement, nor could he hear any sounds coming from the hangar. He decided the best thing to do was an all-out running assault on that thing. Frank took a deep breath and ran across the tarmac, heading not for the invitation of the open bays for planes, but aimed himself for the rusty-collared side door towards the back of the hangar.
While Frank's mad dash lasted only seconds, to him it felt like a marathon. When he reached his goal, he stopped, gasping for breath, and once more listened. He pulled the door open slowly, trying to calm the creaks it was making, but kept pulling on it until there was a space large enough for him to slip through.
From the light spilling in through the bay doors, Frank could see the hangar was in much the same condition as the office - dusty and strewn with debris. Some of the windows along the side were still complete, but most were broken and the wind had carried in dirt, sand, and spores that had sponsored a sparse colony of weeds growing on the hangar floor.
The smell of oil was stained into the very walls, giving the air inside a stale and heavy taste to it.
The only thing in that hangar with any substance to it was under a tarp against the back wall. Frank walked over to it, caution gone and curiosity in control. He ducked under the tarp, and when he saw the eagle it was protecting all he could do was say “holy shit!” He reached for his cell phone.
*****
When he came to, Bert didn't know what had happened. As soon as that helmet was removed, he tried to stand up, but his legs wouldn't co-operate, and the room wouldn't stand still. He put his hand down on the table to steady himself, and after a few minutes, the room slowed to a standstill and the circulation returned to his legs. He got dressed as quickly as he could, and was escorted out of the medivac van he had been in.
As he exited the van, there was a group cheer for him. He had been the last of the civilians to undergo the tests, and everyone had stayed, waiting for him to finish.
“Finally,” Harvey said. “We thought you were going back for seconds,” he teased, as he put his arm around Bert's shoulders and almost, but not quite, gave him a hug.
In the morning light, Bert gave the group a look-see, just to make sure that everyone was there. He casually counted heads, but the number he arrived at didn't add up.
“We seem to have added a member, I think,” he said to Barb, pointing to the tall man talking to May. Both of May's daughters clung to him, and Bert assumed he was their dad.
“That's May's husband, Dan,” Barb explained. “He just about went nuts when they brought him here. He thought she and the girls were dead.”
“Where's the big honcho?” Bert asked. “I thought he'd be here for sure, ordering everyone around.”
“You mean Granger?” Barb asked, Bert nodded.
“Haven't seen him or any of the technicians,” she said. “I think they went first.”
“Figures,” Bert said. “How do we get out of here? I could use a good meal and a real sleep.”
“They've got a bus coming, and they're going to take us all into town,” Harvey said.
“Have we all got homes to go to?” Barb asked, “I heard them talking about May's house and how it was obliterated in the same storm, or whatever, that we got caught in.”
“There's one person we can ask,” Harvey said, and he walked over to where Dan and May were talking quietly, the rest of the group following in his wake.
“What condition is the city in?” Harvey asked Dan.
“Pretty bad. But not all of the city was equally damaged. The East Side caught the worst of it,” Dan answered.
“So where do we go?” May asked Dan.
“Dora told me before I left that we're welcome to stay at her house, and they've already started to rebuild ours,” he explained.
“What have they said about what happened here?” Bert's question was blunt.
“I really couldn't say,” Dan said. “The news has been sketchy to say the least.” He paused, and added, “I don't think they really know what happened. Do you?”
An eagle flying high over a pristine mountain top flashed through Bert's memory briefly and then was gone, leaving only the merest of trails in his consciousness, like a clear, plastic thread that holds fabric in place without being seen, masked by the colour of the overall tapestry.
They turned almost as one when the bus pulled into the parking lot.
*****
Terry was almost out of coffee and still there didn't seem to be any progress in convincing Dave their story was true. The silences between question and answer were getting long as sunshine began to light up her kitchen.
Arthur broke the silence.
“Are you familiar with the theory and the tenets of Anarchy?” he asked Dave.
“You mean, that ultimately, if there is no overriding authority or institutions that mankind will eventually cooperate with each other because it is in each individual's best interests to do so?” Dave answered.
“Precisely,” Arthur replied.
“Well, I'm going to give you a reason to at least give us some slack on this. I explained how my world is out of phase with yours,” Dave nodded, Arthur continued. “And I explained about the echoes from your world and how they affect ours.”
Arthur stopped as Dave seemed to be mulling this over.
“Sure,” Dave said, making a circular motion with his index finger.
“Well, there has always been a specific time difference between the events here, and the echo there,” Arthur said. “It was so predictable that we could time the echo event down to minutes.”
He paused. Dave seemed to follow him so far.
“Not anymore,” Arthur said. “Ever since your world started nuclear testing, that time difference is shrinking. After the accident with the lab, it took a big jump. Do you have any idea what will happen if that time differential ever makes it to zero?”
“Boom?” Dave asked.
“Big boom,” Arthur replied. “Probably on the same scale that started this whole universe in the first place.”
Dave said nothing. He just sat there and thought about it. He didn't have the scientific background to argue with these people. He couldn't even say for sure that such a thing was impossible. He went over what they had said in his mind, turning the points every which way, but it always came back to the same thing.
He agreed. He was a Newtonian, an undereducated one maybe, but the reporter in him still needed proof.
“It's okay, even if you don't believe us now. But if we could show you some hardware that doesn't come from this world, would that change your mind?” Terry asked, feeling confident that the eagle would change his mind.
“It would help,” Dave agreed, “but I would still want to talk to these other people that you say were there with you.”
“That can be arranged,” Terry said, “but we have to give them a little bit of time before we approach them. In the meantime, anyone ready for breakfast?”
Just then Dave's cell phone rang. He reached into his pocket, took it out, flipped it open, and put it to his ear.
“Dave here,” he said.
“It's Frank, and I got me a UFO!” Frank voice was so loud the rest of the people sitting around the table could hear him.
“He's found the eagle,” Jessie said.
Arthur breathed a sigh of relief and started to laugh.
Dave shushed them, pushed his chair back from the table, and put his hand over his ear. He listened quietly, and then told Frank exactly what he wanted him to do.
“We'll grab something to eat on the way. I'm sure Frank would want us to bring him something, too,” Dave said.
“Everybody got hiking gear?” he asked.

Chapter 26

Granger didn't fare well on the hike to the highway. By the time he and Max had made it there, every ounce of Max's patience had been wrung from him, like laundry that had been hand-pushed through an old-fashioned ringer washer after the rinse cycle. Max scrambled up the side of the ditch and was standing by the side of the road, thumb out, waiting to hitch a ride, and decidedly not looking back to see if his partner was close by or needed any help.
Granger, red-faced from the exertion of the walk, out of breath, and out of energy, stopped on the bush side of the ditch, sizing it up as though his analytical mind and scientific knowledge could make the crossing easier for a body that was painfully letting him know just how unused to physical exertion it was. The heavy, barely muffled sound of an engine hard at work pulling a load along the highway interrupted his analysis and Granger, on all fours, crawled, pulled, and pushed himself up the side of the ditch next to where Max was standing, his breathing coming out as grunts and groans.
Max chuckled. The mighty Granger, he thought to himself - if only I had a camera.
Granger caught the look. While he didn't have the energy or time to respond verbally, it was a moment that went directly into his memory. He stood up, brushing the gravel and sand from his pants and his arms, trying to salvage what he could of his dignity, knowing full well there wasn't much left.
For now, Granger said to himself, just for now. He was acutely aware of what he looked like at the moment. His pants and his shirt were torn, and there were mud stains on his clothes from his dance with the ditch. But the worst indignity he had endured so far was just beginning to make its presence felt. Welts were growing on the exposed part of his arm and the back of his hand where mosquitoes had dined freely, and they were starting to itch. He scratched one of the bites until it bled, but the itching continued.
An old truck rounded the bend in the road, and Max was ready with his thumb. He waved it in the air like a soldier with a white flag surrendering to an enemy that could provide better food than his own army could. The truck slowed, and Granger could see the driver giving them a good look-see.
Whether it was Max's thumb in the air or the desperate look on Granger's face, the truck slowed to what seemed to be a choking stall, and the driver drove the truck onto the gravel shoulder.
He leaned over to the passenger side of the truck, rolled down the window, and a wrinkled face framed by white hair asked “going' to town?”
“Sure am. Got room for us?” Max asked.
“Hop in to Ol'  Nelly here,” the old gent said patting the seat with his hand, “though I can't guarantee we'll make it all the way.” He laughed, patted the steering wheel and said “good girl.”
Granger scrambled into the cab of the truck, and Max followed. The quarters were close and when the driver suggested they roll up the window, Max declined. The gas and oil smell that “Ol' Nelly” was belching outside was preferable to the scent permeating the cabin of the truck.
“Usually, I have Shep with me,” the old man said. “That's my dog, but since he got sick on the last road trip, I didn't bring him this time.”
Granger nodded politely, not for conversation's sake, but in confirmation of what his nose had been telling him. Dog hair and dog barf did leave a lasting impression on Granger’s nasal passages.
“By the way,” the driver said, “my name's Jim and,” he tapped the small, grime-covered no smoking sign on the dashboard, “no lightin' up in my truck, no sir.”
The two hours it took them to reach Stoneridge were long and hard. Nelly's shocks were original to her manufacture, and even if Jim wanted to, he couldn't replace them now anyway. What he couldn't provide in comfort for his passengers, he made up for in running commentary. He knew every bend in the road starting from when it was an old logging road and the surrounding hills had been buried in old growth trees until the competing interests of mining and logging cleared the area of any, and all, green.
“I just hung on to my farm by the skin of my teeth,” Jim said. “The smoke would billow out of those mills and carried nearly a hundred miles down this road. Stank like nothin' I ever smelled before. Sulphur. You'd a thought the devil hisself was takin' a holiday round about here.”
As they neared the town, they could see the tall Superstack the mining company had been forced to build to reduce local emissions from their smelting operations. In peak times it had spewed out large thick plumes of multicoloured smoke that trailed away into the atmosphere, tapering to a thinness invisible to sight, but detectable by smell and taste. Now it stood, its black top cutting a sharp angle against the blue of the sky, with no crown of vapour to soften its edges, jutting straight into the sky like a giant finger giving an obscene gesture to the world.
“You know,” Jim said, “they figured if they built it tall enough the winds up there would keep the damn stuff from falling to the ground.”
He wheezed out a laugh, and possibly something fluid as well - Granger instinctively shifted his weight towards Max. “But all they did was make those big city southern folk pissed off at the north when they got a whiff of that chemmy cocktail coming down on them. Forced them to close up shop, they did.”
By the time they reached the outskirts of town, both Max and Granger had had more than enough of Jim and Nelly. They declined his offer of a ride right to Granger's door. It wasn't until Nelly was out of sight, and out of range of their olfactory senses, that both took in a huge breath of air.
“Whew,” Max said, watching as Jim and his contraption rolled down the road. He turned to Granger. “I'll bet everybody gives him plenty of room on the road. Where to now?”
“My place,” Granger said, reaching into his pockets for some change, only to realize that his pockets were empty.
Max pulled out his wallet, searched for a minute, and held up a card. “Don't have a phone card?”
He walked over to the payphone outside the garage where Jim had stopped to fill up, and called a taxi.
The taxi, when it came, was significantly cleaner than Nelly, but the pine tree air freshener that hung from the mirror barely masked the accumulated body odor of the cab, its driver and its previous passengers.
The taxi let them out at the end of the street where Granger lived.
As soon as it moved off, Granger headed for the back lane that ran parallel to his house.
“Always thought these lanes were useless little things until now,” Granger said as they drew abreast of the six-foot cedar fence that delineated Granger's backyard, enforcing his privacy. It was a privacy that Granger had never cared for before; he had never used the large lawn, or sat under the shade of the poplar tree that graced his backyard, nor had he ever char-broiled a steak on the built-in barbecue by the patio. Things like these escaped Granger's attention and his interest.
He peeked through the slats, checking for any sign of unwelcome intrusion to his private world.
Granger picked up a fallen twig, pinched it through the slats in the gate, unlocking it from the outside. He pushed it open, scanned the area, pulled Max through quickly, then shut and re-locked the gate.
The irony of having a lock on the gate was lost on Granger, and Max thought the precaution of re-latching the thing totally redundant.
They scurried inside the house, Granger locking the door behind him. He didn't notice the window that was slightly open, but Max noticed the small stream of air puffing at the curtains.
“Okay,” Granger said, putting the laptop on the table, “I have calls to make.” His tone implied he wanted privacy.
Max wasn't about to go anywhere until he knew who Granger was calling, and what the plans were.
“I can wait,” he said.
Granger didn't use any names but his own during his conversation, but Max could hear the reaction from whomever Granger was talking to.
“I don't know exactly where we put it down, but it's thoroughly hidden,” Granger said. He stopped talking as though he were obeying an order, looked at Max, and handed him the phone.
“Charger wants to talk to you,” he said.
Max started sifting through his memory to attach a face, a dollar amount, and a company to that name.
“Don't bother telling me who you are, I already know,” the gruff voice grated in Max's ear. “Just listen up. I'm going to have a team meet you out on Highway 44, that's the one you came into town on?”
Max answered yes.
“I can get my team there in four hours, so it should be dusk by the time you hook up with them.” The voice paused, “And if you play this straight with me, there's more money in this than you could ever have hoped for.”
The receiver went dead. Charger hadn't asked for agreement, just assumed that he would get it, and he wasn't wrong. Max's internal cash register was already ringing up the purchase.
Max hung up the phone and took charge of Granger.
“I'll be back in two hours,” he said. “I assume you'll want to pack a few things, and I need to get a car. Mine's still at the lab.”
Granger nodded. He went over to the table, sat down, and flipped open the laptop. He didn't even look up when Max shut the door behind him on his way out.
*****
By the time Elsie had gotten onto the bus, it was light outside, but the blackened windows of the bus blocked out the light and the prying eyes of the press. The drive to the highway was almost like running a gauntlet for the driver. Just beyond the entrance to the parking lot at the lab, the press had set up camp, complete with cameras and vans with satellite dishes. Photographers ran right onto the road, snapping pictures, forcing the bus to straddle the dividing line of the road rather than keep to one side of it.
The bus slowly made its way through this mass of media, and only picked up speed when the press gave up the chase.
There wasn't a lot of talk on that short bus ride home. Each of the passengers had images and feelings they only wanted to deal with in private. Except for Sarah. She was bored, and didn't mind letting everyone in on her feelings.
She walked up and down the aisle, ignoring the requests to sit and giving the driver a 'make me' look when he ordered her to take a seat.
Elsie called her over to the empty seat beside her.
“Anxious to get home?” Elsie asked.
“Yeah, I guess,” Sarah answered, twiddling her fingers through the air, making patterns only she could see.
“What are you drawing?” Elsie asked.
“Huh?”
“It looks like you're trying to draw something in the air,” Elsie explained. “I was trying to figure out what it was.” She paused and looked at a wide-eyed Sarah. “Want to try it again and see if I can guess right?”
Sarah set to work. Her fingers danced and twirled in the air, and Elsie followed the movement as best as she could, but the motions were fast, almost frenetic, weaving invisible threads in such intricate lines that Elsie could only follow the major movements to get an impression. When Sarah had finished, she turned and looked Elsie right in the eye. “Well?” she asked.
“Well,” Elsie responded, “the impression I got was something eye-shaped, but the rest was too quick for me to follow.”
Sarah crossed her arms on her chest, and a smug look settled on her face.
“You're just too fast for me,” Elsie said, invoking her age as an excuse.
Sarah impolitely agreed.
“Look at that. We're coming into the city,” Elsie said, pointing at the old houses along the side of the road.
May's home was the first destination. As they all waved good-bye to Sarah and May, there was a little relief in the good byes.
Elsie was next on the list. When the bus pulled into the circular driveway of the co-op, all of Elsie's neighbours were there lining the road.
“We thought you were gone from us.” Mrs. Perkins grabbed Elsie almost before she had stepped off the bus. “We didn't know what had happened to you until early this morning.”
Elsie was almost mobbed by people wishing her well, and asking questions to which she had virtually little or no answer. As Elsie was talking to her neighbour, the crowd began to reluctantly part in a hush as Pastor Chesholm pushed his way through.
“Elsie, God brought you through the storm,” he exclaimed in his best Sunday sermon voice. He put his arm around Elsie's shoulders, and turned her to face the crowd.
“Let this be a lesson to all of you.” He began to launch into a preaching session, but as his words rolled out like a stentor with an inexhaustible supply of air, she pulled his arm off her shoulder instinctively and barely suppressed a shudder.
She didn't know why she did that. After all, she had depended on this man for spiritual guidance for most of her life, but at the moment he seemed ... Elsie searched for a word to define the effect he had on her, he seemed ... Elsie was shocked at the word that came into her mind.
False.
Elsie felt a chill sweep over her, and this time she did shudder. She pushed her way through the crowd, Chesholm following behind her, continuing his sermon, which, once launched into the air like an intercontinental missile, could not be recalled. He upped the volume as Elsie disappeared into the sea of neighbours that closed in behind her, escorting her to her front door.
*****
His stomach sloshing from an all-night coffee drinking session, Dave was relieved to pull into the local burger barn for breakfast. He hustled Arthur, Jessie, and Terry through the line-up, and gave them barely enough time to clean their plates of food.
“Time's awasting,” Dave said, as he sat there watching Terry take the last sip of her juice.
Once the table was cleared of everything but cups, Dave spread a map out on the table. Frank had told him how he had gotten to the abandoned airstrip, but Dave wasn't particularly anxious to take his car up the same road. He was also pretty sure that the road out to the lab would be littered with reporters, and he didn't want to have to answer any questions.
He traced Frank's route on the map with his finger, calculating an approximate distance.
“You know, there are a lot of old logging roads off Highway 44,” Terry said, pointing at the red line on the map. “We could probably get there,” she pointed at the suspected site of the old airstrip, “from somewhere along here.” She traced a section of the highway with her other hand. “And these old logging roads were usable at least ten years ago.”
“How do you know?” Dave asked.
“I had a dune buggy when I was a teenager, and that was the only place we could let her rip,” Terry said.
Dave got up from the table and intercepted the deliveryman as he was piling copies of that morning's edition of The Northern Chronicle on the counter. He wanted to see if Joe had made deadline.
He pushed the map aside and opened up the paper. The headlines at the top of page one screamed out what he already knew to be true.
He scanned through Joe's article quickly, nodded to himself and said “figures.”
“What?” Arthur asked.
“They've already got the spin doctors at work. The official story is “we don't know but we're looking into it.” Dave read the quote out loud.
“What else could they say?” Terry asked, “Joe get any interesting tidbits?”
“No, but at least they printed a photo that shows the lab settling back into the hole it came from, so there's no denying that it moved.”
“Are we ready yet?” he asked.
“In a minute,” Terry said, as she picked up the paper and started to read the entire article.
Dave excused himself from the table, muttered something about a man and a horse, and headed off to the washroom.
He checked the room to make sure he was alone, and entered one of the stalls. He took out his cell phone and called Joe.
“Yea, I know they want me at the office, but I'm taking the day off. Don't tell anyone you heard from me, but I want you to stake out Granger's house. My bet is that he's either there now, or will be shortly - and he probably won't be there for long,” Dave said.
Joe had just started to gripe about being up all night already, when Dave heard the bathroom door open.
“Gotta go,” he whispered into the phone and flipped it closed.
He flushed the toilet and opened the stall door.
“Oh, good,” he said when he saw Arthur. “You all set?”
*****
Dan sat in Dora's kitchen, hugging his two girls, listening to Sarah's babbling about being cooped up, stroking their hair softly, thinking that less than twenty-four hours ago he believed his entire family had been wiped out, and now, he couldn't quite believe his good fortune.
“Daaddy,” Sarah said poking him in the arm, “can I go outside now?”
Reluctantly, Dan let go of the girls and walked them to the back door.
“Don't go into our yard. They're rebuilding, and there's lots of nails and other stuff you could hurt yourself with,” he warned. Dan stayed at the door watching, not to make sure his instructions were followed, but because he didn't want to let them out of his sight.
The builders had been making good progress on rebuilding the back half of his home, but the site was littered with construction leftovers.
“Let them be,” Dora said. “You'll only scare them if you get over-protective now.”
She turned to May. “You know, I was talking to one of the carpenters yesterday, and they said it should be finished in the next day or so.”
Dora thought this news would cheer May up somewhat, but May just sat at the kitchen table, staring out the window and saying very little. Dora was more concerned about her than she was about the children.
“Do you remember anything?” Dora asked.
May shook her head. “I remember the storm, but after that everything is almost like a dream, with good bits and bad,” May turned to look at Dan. “You know the kind you usually get when you're really worried about something but you're not sure what. That was the bad part. The good part - well it was nice in a way - it felt like we were locked in this grand house.” She turned to Dora,” It really was beautiful, peaceful and clean,” May sighed. “But it wasn't home, and I felt like I walked all through that house trying to find the door that would take us home.”
Dan nodded politely, more to encourage May to keep talking.
“At least,” May continued, “it was a really nice place, with everything you could ever want.”
“Sounds like what I do every Saturday when I play the lottery,” Dora chuckled.
“For two dollars, I get a ticket, and a hope in hell for a few hours at least, and I can just imagine what kind of house I could buy and what I would do with all that money.”
“Ah, but in this house there was no money,” May said. “Strange how that could be; everything you wanted but without anybody asking for money.”
“Sounds like utopia to me,” Dan said.
“But it felt so real.” May sighed, “It wasn't like nobody worked, it was just that everybody had what they needed.” She paused, “And there was something about Wendy.” Her voice trailed off to a whisper.
“Well, you're home,” Dan said, “at least you're next to home, and maybe in two days we'll be able to move back in.” He still couldn't take his eyes off his daughters, sitting on the grass in the back yard, their backs towards him. He worried about what had happened to them, and what would happen in the future. Dan couldn't tell what was going through their minds as they sat like two normal youngsters with little to do and nothing more on their minds than riding their bikes and hating school. He tried to read their body language, but there was nothing there to see.
“Is he still watching?” Sarah asked, as she pulled up a tuft of grass, broke off the tips of the grass, and let the pieces of green fall through her fingers.
Wendy didn't even turn around. “Yea, Dad's still watching,” she said quietly.
“How do you do that?” Sarah asked, turning around to check and see if she was right.
“Don't know,” Wendy answered. “Just do, I guess. Do you remember what happened?”
“Not really,” Sarah said, “just some stuff about a mountain.” Sarah didn't tell Wendy about this odd feeling she had deep inside her. If Sarah had been older, she might have been able to call that feeling by its name - jealousy. For Sarah, the feeling was just an uncomfortable wedge that butted into the way she had always viewed the world and her exalted position in it.
*****
It didn't take Max long to shower and shave. This time he didn't even bother with the mousse, the styling brush, or the hair blower. He just ran his fingers through his wet hair. He packed a small suitcase and was out of his apartment in under an hour, record time for someone who had always needed more time than he usually had to prepare himself for public view.
He made two calls before he closed and locked the door of his apartment behind him.
The second call had been for the taxi that took him to the car rental agency, and once there he picked the most nondescript car he could find.
His next stop was within two blocks of Granger's house, the rich section of the city where doctors, lawyers, and politicians hid themselves behind tall trees, manicured lawns, and massive stone facades that framed their picture-window views to exclude the rest of the city.
Max pulled into the circular driveway, parked his car at the rear of the house and slipped in the back door.
“Hey, doc,” he said to the man seated at the desk by the window. “I'm back and I feel fine.”
“Max!” Dr. Pankow said. “Take a seat. I'll get everything ready. Have you been taking your medication?”
“Couldn't, doc, lost it somewhere in transit,” he shrugged.
“Transit?” the doctor, asked as he prepared a tray of needles to draw blood.
“You been reading about the neutrino lab?” Max asked.
Dr. Pankow looked up from the tray, nearly dropping a syringe.
“What happened?” he asked.
“Classified,” Max said. “Can't talk about it.” He rolled up his sleeve, and made a fist with his hand. Max knew the routine all too well.
“So how many days of meds have you lost?”
“I guess around five,” Max answered. “But the strange thing is, I feel fine. In fact, I feel better than I've felt in a long time.”
“Okay,” Dr. Pankow said as he removed the rubber tubing from Max's arm. “But I want you to start taking them again right away.”
He went to the cabinet on the wall, took out three bottles of pills and handed them to Max.
“Start right now. I'll get you some water,” he ordered.
Max quickly downed the required dosage.
“I'll have these tests back in two days, and we should be able to assess the damage then,” Dr. Pankow said. “I want to give you a quick physical.”
Max took off his shirt and lay down on the examining table.
“Hmm, those lesions are gone,” the doctor said as he pressed down on Max's chest, “and there isn't any scar tissue where they were. Interesting.”
He took Max's blood pressure, temperature, and listened to his heart and lungs, duly noting these measurements on the patient's chart.
“Doesn't look like you're any worse for wear,” Dr. Pankow said.
“I'm telling you, I feel really good, really energetic,” Max insisted.
“Yes, well, the blood tests will tell us for sure,” the doctor warned. He made notes on his chart as Max got dressed and mulled over the apparent progress Max had made.
Maybe it was that new drug cocktail he had prescribed, the doctor thought.
“Now Max, don't let these pills out of your sight, and take them as you're supposed to. I don't need to remind you that if I get caught giving you these, my license to practice medicine is gone.”
Max nodded. He knew the score. For the past four years he had been chasing every rumour of every elusive magic bullet or new drug that could stay, if not prevent, the ultimate conclusion of his condition.

Chapter 27

It was early afternoon by the time Max returned to Granger's house. He parked his car at the end of the block and slipped into the house the same way he and Granger had used earlier, smiling as he unlatched the back gate. He didn't bother to lock it from the inside.
Granger was in almost the same position Max had left him in, sitting at the kitchen table, only this time there were two laptops on the table connected by a cable.
“Didn't you even change your clothes?” Max asked.
“No time,” Granger replied. “I'm almost done here.”
Max saw two stacks of floppies on the table. It was clear what Granger was doing.
“Hedging your bets?” Max asked.
“Never hurts to have something for yourself, “ Granger chuckled.
“By the way, there's been a change in plans,” Granger said as Max was about to go into the living room. Max turned around, every nerve ending in his body on guard against the double-crossing end run tactics he had been expecting from Granger. He stared at Granger, eyes narrowed to slits, ready to react if necessary.
“It's nothing serious.” Granger waved his hand in the air. “Charger's decided he wants to be here when we inspect the eagle, so he won't be up here until around midnight.”
Max's body relaxed, returning to as close a state of ease as was possible in these circumstances.
“Got anything to eat here?” he asked.
Granger grunted a no. “This place is an address, not a home.”
“Coffee? Coffee pot?” Max asked.
Granger waved his hand in the general direction of the cupboards over the sink. “There should be some over there.”
Max found something in a coffee can, sniffed it, and caught the faintest of aromas from the contents of the can. He rinsed out the pot and put some on to brew, but even wet, the coffee had little colour or odor. He pulled open the fridge door not sure of what he would find, or what colour or smell the contents would add to the staleness in this room. There wasn't much inside, and what was there Max wouldn't have touched even if he had been wearing surgical gloves.
Most of the shelves were bare, but there was a saran wrapped package of something on the middle shelf.
God, what's that, Max wondered, noting the interesting colours that seemed to emanate from beneath the plastic sheen of the wrap. His first instinct was to wash his hands after he closed the refrigerator door.
“Since we have time, I'm going to go get some food,” Max said. “Want anything?”
“Sure,” Granger said.
Before Max left he went into the living room to check the street outside for traffic. It was quiet, no kids playing street hockey, and only a few cars passing through.
He left the house the same way he came, and it took him barely a half an hour to pick up what he needed. This time, though, he did a circuit of the block before parking his car. As he drove slowly down the tree-lined street, he spotted someone he recognized but didn't know.
Parked across and a little way down the road, Max recognized Joe's face before Joe could see Max.
Max leaned his arm against the rim of the door panel and held his hand up to the left side of his face, concealing himself in as casual a manner as possible. He parked at the opposite end of the street and dashed down the lane.
“We got trouble,” Max said, as he rushed through the kitchen to the living room. Granger followed him.
Max took up a position to the side of the living room window and pulled back the curtain just enough for them to get a good look at Joe.
“See that,” Max asked, pointing at the car parked across the street. “He works for The Northern Chronicle.”
“So what,” Granger said. “Let him sit there. He probably doesn't even know if there's anybody here. Nobody knocked on my door or rang my doorbell, and I would have heard somebody walking around the house checking it out.”
Granger shrugged, and went back to his work in the kitchen.
“There, last one,” he said, as he pulled out the last floppy.
“See these things here?”  He pointed to the pile of what looked to Max like coloured tubes. Max reached out to pick one up, but Granger slapped his hand out of their reach.
 “These are our floppies,” Granger pointed to a pile next to the laptop. “These,” he picked up one of the tubes he had stolen from the other world, “are based on liquid crystal technology. From what I learned over there, these crystal tubes will never lose the information stored on them and never decay. At least not within one lifetime they won't. These can withstand extreme temperatures and probably a small bomb blast.”
“More little toys for Charger, I guess,” Max said.
“Charger's not getting this,” Granger said, tapping the stolen laptop gently, “or those.” 
Max shook his head. This really is a den of thieves, he thought, and the only honour to be gained in this entire situation was to come out of it intact, and with as much money as he could.
In for a penny, in for a pound, Max thought.
“Picked up the paper,” he said to Granger. “There's a story about the return of the lab.”
“What?” Granger asked.
“Well you knew it was back. We saw it,” Max said.
Granger didn't ask for the paper, he grabbed it out of Max's hand, ripping the corner. He scanned through the article quickly, muttering comments to himself as he read.
“Standard line,” he said once he had finished.
“Yea, but they said that everybody was back and all right, but they didn't mention you or me,” Max said.
“First of all, you shouldn't have been there anyway so nobody knows you were there, and they didn't mention my name because they wanted to sic the press on me. Any local reporter worth his salt is going to want to know what I have to say about all this. That's what that guy is doing out there right now.”
“No,” Max said, “there's got to be more to it than that. That reporter out there isn't first string with the Chronicle, he's a bit player.”
Max took another peek out the window.
“The question is, where are the big guns from the paper, and why isn't Terry quoted in that article?”
“Details, details,” Granger shrugged off Max's concern.
“Still and all,” Max said, “I wish I knew where Frank Carlotti was. He always gets the big stories at that paper.”
*****
They had taken enough time dawdling over their brunch and poring over the map that by the time they left the restaurant, Dave was more than a little impatient and the sun was directly overhead, beating down to heat up the day.
He calculated that by the time they got to this airstrip and back, the midnight deadline for this story would be looming. Dave already had headlines for the story in mind. He actually had a variety of them, depending on which way the proof went.
He beeped his horn at the car in front of him, “Drive lady. Move it”.
“I guess rush hour traffic just brings out the best in you,” Terry teased him.
“Hey,” he said to her, “anytime you want to drive, let me know and I'll slow down. You can jump out and get your own wheels.”
“Ooh, testy,” Terry said.
A silence descended on everybody in the car except Dave, who kept up a singular and personal stream of comments and gestures to those other drivers on the road he considered inadequate and in his way. It wasn't until they exited the city and were coming up on the turn-off to Pitwell's Place that anyone else spoke.
“Geeze, look at the blitz there,” Terry said. “All the big networks are out on this one.”
The side of the highway was lined with enough trucks, vans, and cars to pack a football stadium. The only space between them all was the road leading to the abandoned mine. But this was blocked off with barricades, and the white suits were watching over it.
Arthur slumped down in his seat, and Jessie and Terry made efforts to hide themselves. They stayed like that until they were well past the turn-off and Dave gave them the all clear. He pulled over on the gravel shoulder of the road.
“Let's take a look at that map,” he said. “We need to take a best chance guess on which road we're going to try first.”
*****
Frank had managed to stay awake for the morning. His inspection of the UFO kept the adrenaline high enough to keep him from crashing. But as the sun rose higher, and the heat began to build, his thirst drove him back to the office.
He headed straight for the bathroom, hoping that the water supply was still hooked up. The rust stains in the basin told him that water had been sitting there for a long time.
He turned the cold water tap. It creaked and cranked as it moved, and Frank's thirst grew.
The faucet burped loudly. The fixtures almost jumped out of their joints with the pressure that sputtered out some stale air, and spat out a barely moist rust-coloured something out of its nozzle. Frank stepped back from the sink, letting it continue its verbal protest in the hope that the well to which it was attached was low, not empty. The whole sink began to shudder, and Frank took another step back. Another lump of something shot out of the nozzle landing in the sink with a splat.
Sounded moist to me, Frank thought, as he took a step towards the sink to see what had been ejected. It was wet, but it had the consistency of muddy clay, and Frank watched as it dribbled lazily towards the drain.
He was just about to turn off the tap when he heard a liquid sound bubbling up from somewhere inside the fixtures. He heard the sound of water being pushed through a pipe, slurping upwards towards the nozzle. He saw a drop of water forming on the lip of the nozzle, and leaned down towards it, anxious that the quantity of drops might be limited.
The drop grew bigger and bigger, and Frank could see that it was relatively clear as it finally dropped into the stained basin, disappearing down the drain. Another began to form, faster than the first, and Frank leaned closer. As this next drop hit the apex of its physics, just before it was too big for gravity, Frank leaned right down into the basin to catch it with his mouth, anticipating the relief it would bring. The drop fell into his mouth, and it was the biggest tease Frank had ever experienced in his life, but it had tasted good and clear.
Frank waited for the next one to form. Impatient, he gave the tap another turn and the drop began to grow. He leaned down into the sink for the next one, and, when it fell, it did little to slake his thirst.
One drop at a time, Frank thought. Isn't that a soap opera on TV? He giggled childishly. The exhaustion, the heat and his thirst were playing games with his mind.
He leaned back down into the sink when he saw the next drop forming, wondering just how many times he would have to do this to get enough of that precious life-preserving liquid.
The drop hung there, growing bigger as Frank waited. Seconds seemed to pass like minutes. Once more, he turned the tap as far as it rusty metal parts would let him. The drop stayed where it was.
I can wait longer than you can, Frank thought, because sooner or later you will fall and I will get more water. He leaned his weight against the sink, trying to conserve the last of his energy. His mind started to wander to a far away place where there were showers, clean clothes, food, and a soft bed, and the drop of water grew.
Frank's eyes began to close against his will to stay awake, giving in to his body's urgent appeal to go to sleep, and he murmured “one more drop” as a light sleep won out over his best intentions.
The drop fell gently on his cheek but didn't disturb his slumber, and another began to form. Several drops fell, cooling his face, before running quickly down the drain as Frank slumbered on. The drops began forming faster until there was almost a stream of them, but still Frank slept on. He never heard the soft roaring of a flow of pressure-pushed water welling up from somewhere underground as it coursed up the pipes to the taps.
In a final burst of pressure, the drops became a full-blown blast of fresh cold water that shook Frank awake with a start. He banged his head against the tap as he tried to avoid the water rushing up his nose. He breathed in a noseful of water, snorting for air as he backed away from the sink.
The water streamed out of the tap, and he quickly looked around the room for something to catch it in. He decided against the old coffee mug. There was just too much of something glued to the inside bottom, and he didn't like the colour of it. He pushed aside a pile of boxes and heard one of them clunk. He pulled it into the middle of the room and was glad to find it full of bottles, liquor bottles. Most were empties, but there was one half full. Frank read the label. Good stuff, he thought, took one of the empties and rinsed it out before filling it full of water.
When he had drunk his fill, Frank took some lens cleaning paper from his camera bag, wetted it, and wiped down his face and his neck. He automatically went to turn off the tap, but stopped himself before he did. He didn't want to waste any water, but he sure didn't want to have to go through that same routine to get more if he needed it.
Dave should be here in the next few hours, he thought, and I have a 26 ounce bottle full of water, plus I topped off the half-filled forty-ouncer of rye with water, too. He turned off the tap, went back to the hangar and found a scrap of tarp that wasn't too oil-stained, lay down on it, rolled the remnants over his body, and tucked his bottles of liquid beside him. Frank barely had time to release a sigh of satisfaction before he fell asleep.
*****
The further down the highway they drove, the more the landscape changed. Highway 44 might just as well have been a yardstick of time and greed. From the city limits to a ways beyond the turn-off to Pitwell's Place, the side of the road was defined by black rock and dust swirls. The passing scenery turned green from the long grass until eventually, after a couple of hours of continuous driving away from the town, the highway became framed by scraggly evergreens reaching tentatively into the sky in jagged and lonely peaks. It was the kind of image made famous by a group of painters who dedicated their lives to finding and painting the beauty of sparse northern landscapes.
“Pull over for a minute,” Terry said to Dave.
She opened up her map, and then folded it so that it would sit on the dashboard highlighting the few square miles that she was interested in. She located where they currently were on the map and started to trace a route from her memory.
“I think there should be three different turn offs just down the road a bit here.” She looked up from the map, “And if memory serves, the best one should be the third road to the right.”
Dave drove the car down the road slowly, and as they rounded the next bend, he stopped. There was evidence of an old road off to the right, but the ditch had taken away any access to it from the highway.
Dave got out of the car and walked down to the edge of the ditch, then knelt down for a closer look. He saw gouges in the bank. It was obvious something had dislodged some of the dirt from the side of the ditch.
Something's been dragged across this recently, he thought, as he got back into the car. 
Another fifteen minutes down the road, and they spotted a short sweep of gravel spanning the roadside ditch. This time there was a narrow opening onto it from the highway, but the road disappeared into thick underbrush.
“That's too thick to try and drive through. Let's check the third one,” Dave said.
A few minutes down the highway, they spotted another opening in the bush and another small gravel entrance.
 Dave gingerly turned his car onto that small patch leading off the road, putting on the brakes as soon as he was sure he was on solid ground. He looked ahead of him and got a clear view of an almost overgrown narrow track running into the bush.
“This is it,” Terry said.
“Yea, but are we walking or riding?” Jessie asked.
At first Dave didn't answer. He just stared at the road ahead.
“What the hell. I was thinking of trading this old car in anyway,” he said as he put it in gear and slowly gave it enough gas to start the car rolling forward.
“Roll up the windows,” he said as branches started slapping against the car and getting caught inside the open windows.
“As long as I can see five feet in front of me, and the road stays relatively level, we'll keep going,” Dave said. “But after that, we're walking,” he warned.
*****
No one had greeted Harvey when he stepped off that bus, and there was no one waiting to give him a hug, a meow, or a sloppy canine kiss to welcome him back. In his solitude he had curled up on his sofa, turned the TV on, and fell asleep for most of the day. As the late afternoon sun spilled through his window, warming the room, Harvey's dreams were interrupted by someone at his door. He grabbed the old plaid robe hanging on the bathroom door and answered the bell.
“Didn't think you'd want to be alone all day,” Bert said, as he and Barb walked into the living room. Their arms were laden with heavy grocery bags and Bert had a case of beer under one arm.
“Yea, we got steaks, beer, pretzels and chips,” Barb said. “We're gonna feast tonight.” She walked into the kitchen and put her purchases down on the counter. “And I'm cooking,” she warned Harvey.
“Better you than me,” he said, as he went to put on some clothes.
Bert started to pile the refrigerator with the beer, stashing three in the freezer.
“I don't think he's doing too well,” Barb said quietly to Bert.
“Who is?” Bert said. “Like, none of us know what happened, and we were there.” He shook his head. “There's something missing. I know it, I can feel it, but I just can't put my finger on it.”
“The only time things make sense is when I dream about them,” Harvey said as he walked into the kitchen.
While Barb was busy readying the steaks for cooking and rattling about to find the right pan, Harvey sat down at the kitchen table. “We went somewhere for five days,” he said. “I know we did, and I'm pretty sure those guys from Alpha Squad know where.”
Barb nodded. She, too, had the sense of having experienced something. She put the frying pan on the burner, lightly sprayed it with oil, and turned the element on.
“You know, whenever I try to think about it, it's like I'm looking through a window that is distorted, you know, like those mirrors at the carnival?”
“Yup,” Bert said.
“For me, anytime I think about it, or try, I keep seeing a log cabin and a mountain,” Harvey said.
“Yeah, but you've been dreaming about a log cabin for a long time,” Bert said. “As long as I've known you, that's been your retirement dream.”
“True,” Harvey said, “but this is more real than a dream.”
As the steaks started to sizzle in the pan, Barb handed Bert three potatoes. “Wash 'em, poke 'em with a fork several times and stick them in the microwave,” she ordered.
“Hey, I know how to handle myself in a kitchen,” he chided her.
“For me, I just get a sense of things being right, peaceful and … clean,” Barb said. Like I'd been in some kind of nirvana.”
“Yeah,” Bert said, “clean. That's the way it feels to me too.”
“There's something else though. You know that little girl Wendy?”
Bert and Harvey nodded.
“Well, she told me not to drink or eat anything they offered us at the lab, and it was like she could read my mind or something. It's like we had a direct psychic line to each other.” Barb shrugged her shoulders. “I know things like that can happen, at least I believe they do, but it's never happened to me that clearly before. Usually, I just get strong hunches, and they're often right on the money.”
“So why haven't you picked the winning lottery numbers?” Bert teased.
“It doesn't work like that. At least, it didn't until all this happened to us,” Barb said.
“But you know, when you mention those girls,” Bert said, “I get a knot in my stomach, like they're in trouble or something and we're supposed to help them.”
Harvey nodded. He had that same sense of having to protect those girls.
“I have the feeling that we did help them,” he said, “but I don't know how or when.”
“And I don't know if you two ever knew this, but I'm scared to death of flying, but I also have this feeling that I did fly.”
“Maybe through the air when the lab nearly exploded,” Bert laughed.
“No, really,” Harvey said.
“Maybe we were picked up by a UFO and the aliens wined and dined us,” Barb chuckled.
Harvey looked at her sharply and was about to say something when the microwave pinged.
Barb opened its door and a wave of moist air spewed into the kitchen. She speared the potatoes to check if they were done, and the fork gently pierced them. “They're ready,” she said.
Harvey barely noticed the plate of steak and potatoes that Barb put in front of him.
“Eat,” she said.
He picked up his knife and fork, his hunger taking priority, and tucked into his dinner.
“You know,” he said between forkfuls of food, “we have to get together and talk to them.”
“Them?” Bert asked.
“Yea, Elsie, May, Sarah, and Wendy,” Harvey said. “And what was that reporter's name?”
All three drew a blank on that one. They finished their meal, and once the guys had finished the dishes, they sat down to catch a ball game on TV, occasionally speculating on what the name was.
Finally Barb ended the search. “Wendy will know,” she said. “And you're right Harv. We do have to talk to the others. I've been sitting here watching TV, and it seems so one dimensional to me. I've got this image in my mind of watching something, but being able to experience it, like I wasn't watching, but was right there doing whatever was on TV.”
“Like virtual reality?” Bert asked.
“Ooh, since when did you become a techie,” Barb shot back.
Harvey nodded. He shared their sense of dissatisfaction with something as simple as watching a ball game on TV. He always enjoyed it in the past, but now it seemed static to him. He sighed. Maybe he just couldn't get into the game tonight. After all, it was the seventh inning and his team was losing.
*****
Sunset deepened the dark shadows cast by the few tall trees that lined the crumbling back road. Dave kept the car moving forward as best he could. He didn't want to think about the scratches that he knew he was sure to find along the sides of the car. While he didn't know what the thunk was he'd heard from the front grill a mile or two back, he was relatively sure that he would find out soon enough. He could feel the grade of the road getting rougher. The slope began a slow incline, so he slowed the car until it was inching along.
“I could push a wheelchair faster than we're going,” Terry said sarcastically.
“And if I don't go slow, then you just might end up demonstrating that skill using my car,” Dave quipped.
The headlights from the car bounced off something shiny glimmering through the leaves on the tree branches that hung low over the road. Dave hit the brakes and put the car in park. They sat and waited a few minutes, listening for a growl, the rustle of paws or hooves or claws against the ground, and watched for a disturbance in the leaves.
Dave was the first out of the car. When he walked back to the car, Jessie, Terry and Arthur were standing by the open doors.
“There's a chain link across the road,” Dave said. “Looks like we're walking.”
They locked the car and started the hike, keeping to the very center of the road that quickly diminished into a path. By the time sunset was complete, they reached a small hilltop, and stretched out beyond that was a dark, barren valley whose contours were broken only by the outline of two buildings.
“This is it,” Terry yelled, scurrying down the side of the hill, kicking pebbles out from under her, half-sliding and half-gliding to the bottom.
*****
Frank was too far away and too deep asleep to hear the yell or notice the echo of the pebbles as they hit the valley floor. He dreamed peacefully and comfortably while his friends trekked across the valley in the early evening light, making their way to the abandoned airstrip. As they drew abreast of the open hangar door, they softened their voices to a whisper and dampened their footfalls until they were almost creeping along like thieves in the night.
Arthur was the first to go into the hangar, and he immediately spotted the tarp-covered eagle.
“It's here,” he said quietly, motioning the others to follow.
Dave stepped into the hangar, and whispered, “Frank?”
There was no answer, and the group cautiously made their way to the eagle.
Dave ducked his head under the tarp, and let out a low whistle when he saw it.
“It's impressive,” he whispered, “but where's Frank?”
Terry turned on her flashlight, scanning the room with the narrow beam. She passed over the tarp covering Frank's form altogether, thinking it was just another piece of long forgotten flotsam left to rot.
As the beam of light splashed on the wall behind Frank, he came fully awake. He kept his eyes closed, hoping that the tarp covered enough of him to maintain his hiding place. As soon as it reflected off the wall a few feet away from him, he rolled back towards the wall as quietly as he could, heading towards a box he had seen.
Terry heard the rustle of the tarp and directed the light at the spot that had generated the sound. She saw nothing and continued her search again.
“Don't see Frank anywhere, Dave,” Terry said out loud when she had completed the circuit of the building.
“Dave?” Frank responded. “Dave, that you?”
“Where the hell are you?” Dave demanded.
Frank stood up and walked towards the source of the light. “Got any food?” he asked. Dave handed him the bag of goodies he had brought, and in between gulps of cold burgers and fries, Frank told them what he had done and what he had seen.
“All I know is that, “ Frank pointed at the tarp-covered Eagle, “was here when I got here,” Frank said. “Didn't see anybody around, and nobody's been nosing around either.”
“How long have you been asleep?” Dave asked.
“Couple of hours,” Frank answered, “but I would have heard something.”
“Sure is a beauty, isn't it?” Frank asked, jerking his thumb in the direction of the eagle. “I don't know anything about airplanes, but that doesn't look kosher to me.”
Arthur walked over to the eagle, flipped open the door, and invited Dave in for a closer inspection.
Dave entered cautiously, eyeing the interior as though it were suspect of something, hemmed and hawed as he paced the inside of the eagle, and peered at the instrument panel with as keen an eye as his experience with planes would allow.
“Interesting,” he said. “It does look a little different, especially in the outside construction and design. But how do I know this isn't some type of experimental aircraft that the government is keeping secret? They did it with the stealth bomber. A lot of UFO reports can be attributed directly to the first test flights.”
“What do you want, a ride to the moon?” Terry asked.
“Sure, if you're really sure it can go there,” Dave answered.
Menlow said nothing. He sat down in the pilot's seat, and invited Dave to take the one next to him.
“Buckle up,” Arthur said to the rest of the group as they scrambled for seats and strapped themselves in.

Chapter 28

Max awoke with a start. Whether it was a snore that caught in his throat or the sound of footfalls just outside the front door he wasn't sure, but something had brought him to consciousness. He kept his head low as he got up from the couch, peeking out the window to see what was going on. Joe's car was still parked across the street, but in the pale light of the street lamps, Max couldn't be sure there was anyone inside it. As the echo of someone's boots pounding against pavement faded, Max breathed a sigh of relief.
The house was quiet, and the fear that he had been left behind set in.
God damn him, Max thought. If Granger's taken off, I'll kill him.
He sat in the darkened living room, and listened for sounds that Granger was still in the house. He heard a door creak upstairs and went to investigate. At the top of the stairs one of the doors stood slightly open and Max could hear someone moving about inside. He pushed the door open just enough for him to see into the gloom and was relieved to see Granger pulling on his pants.
“Do you mind?” Granger said indignantly, as he zipped up.
“It was so quiet, I thought maybe you had already left,” Max said, the accusation clear in his voice.
“Do you still have the car keys?” Granger asked, raising one eyebrow as though he were talking to a slow child.
Max tapped his pants pockets, feeling the bulge of the keys within.
“Okay, okay,” Max said sheepishly, “but we've got to get going. We only have two hours to get to where Charger is expecting us.”
“Hey, I'm ready,” Granger said, snapping closed the laptop on the bed. He picked it up, and pointed at the suitcase by the door.
“You carry that,” he said.
Max didn't argue. When they reached the kitchen, Granger put his laptop on the counter. Max looked for the second computer. It wasn't there.
“Which one is this?” Max asked pointing at the laptop.
“Mine,” Granger replied. “I've got all the conventional floppies loaded with the data, and that's what Charger gets.”
“Where's the other one?” Max asked.
“In a safe place,” Granger answered tersely. Max filed away that little tidbit of information.
Granger strode out the back door, laptop in hand, leaving Max the suitcase to carry.
They made it down the back lane to the car without anyone noticing, and made one stop for food before they headed out to the highway.
For the next hour there was no conversation. Max drove as quickly as he could without attracting attention and Granger was busy formulating his plans. They were both so preoccupied with their thoughts they overshot the place where they had crawled across a ditch to get a ride home.
Max pulled off on the shoulder of the road, then backed the car up.
Granger rolled down his window, shone the flashlight into the brush. “Yep, that's it,” he said, “but how the hell we're going to get across that, in this, is the big question.”
Max let the car idle for a few minutes before putting it in gear. He drove along the highway slowly, the car half on the pavement and half on the shoulder.
“What are you doing?” Granger demanded to know.
“There may be another road down the highway a bit,” Max said. “There used to be several. When I was a kid, I used to drive my dune buggy down here.”
Max put on the brakes. “See?” he said, pointing to a narrow ledge of gravel that spanned a shallow ditch visible in the sweep of the car's headlights.
“We can cross here,” he said, backing the car up to make the sharp turn.
The car slid a little as the front wheels hit the gravel, and there was very little room for error. Max guided the car expertly across the small patch and parked it, half hidden by the underbrush.
“They won't see us from the road,” Granger complained.
“Neither will anyone else driving down this road,” Max replied sarcastically.
“Oh,” Granger replied, paused, and said, “good thinking.”
“I'm so glad you approve,” Max answered.
They sat on the trunk of the car, in silence watching for the telltale glow of headlights. Traffic at this hour was virtually non-existent and the two had very little in common to talk about to while away the time.
In a growing fit of impatience, Max jumped off the car.
“I'm going to take a walk down this road, just to see how far we can get in the car,” Max said as he disappeared down the side road.
He stayed in the middle as he walked, checking for paths that led off to other areas, listening for deliberate rustles of branches, and began to whistle softly to himself as the solitude of the night and the trees bore down on him.
A twig cracked in the underbrush. Max froze where he was. He cocked an ear towards the spot he thought the sound had come from, and held his breath, waiting for a wild animal to rush out from the brush. He waited for as long as he could hold his breath and then some. When he finally did gulp in a lung-full, relief swept over him and he felt a little foolish.
Nope, no rustle there, no bear behind that tree, he said to himself, chuckling at his own creeping paranoia.
He continued his walk down the road. The further he went, the closer the trees and the scrub bushes grew to the edge of the road, gradually blurring any distinction between this man-made path and the scrub from which it had been cut. Eventually waist-high errant branches from the tall trees growing along its side obscured the road. The smooth, sandy roadbed became punctured by smaller trees trying to find a purchase spot from which to grow.
“Well, I can't get the car all the way down this road,” Max said, “but a jeep or hummer could.”
Max thought he might enjoy the experience of driving one of those machines, “just like in a jungle,” he thought, except this jungle didn't have soft broad leaves, but spiny, spindly branches full of sharp pine needles.
*****
Granger didn't feel comfortable here; after all, his world was best described as Spartan, artificial, and controlled. After Max had disappeared down the road, the wind picked up, whistling through the trees and rattling the underbrush in ways that made Granger think about the security the inside of the car offered with doors locked and windows rolled up. He had tried that, but when he missed the first vehicle that went by on the highway, he decided that the safety of the car was an immediate luxury he couldn't afford.
Granger reluctantly stayed by the side of the road, ready to dash back to hiding if necessary. He paced back and forth along the gravel entrance, the crunch of his boots against the stones loud in the quiet of the night.
If I were a smoker, Granger thought, I'd probably have polished off a whole pack by now. Where are they?
The next question bothered Granger even more.
“Where is Max?” Granger said out loud, calling Max's name out into the dark forest. There was no reply, but as the sound was absorbed into the blackness of the night, the night itself was rendered in two as headlights from an approaching vehicle cut into the darkness.
Granger stood his ground. When he saw two vehicles in a row, he was sure Charger had arrived. He walked to the edge of the shoulder of the highway and waved like a ninny, his arms circling in wide arcs.
The vehicles slowed down and pulled onto the shoulder of the road, inches away from Granger's feet.
As Charger stepped out of the jeep, he stubbed out the remnants of one of the many cigars he had smoked on his trip up north. He ground it under his heel, almost without thinking about it.
“You look like you're dressed for a guerrilla war,” Granger said.
“I like to be prepared,” Charger replied. “This the road out to the airstrip?” he asked pointing down the partially hidden road.
“Yes, it'll take us there,” Granger replied. “Max went ahead to see what the road is like.”
“Hm,” Charger said.
“Well, let's get going, we'll pick him up on the way,” Charger said. “Where's your car?”
“We pulled it off to the side,” Granger answered, and when Charger looked at Granger sharply, he said, “it was Max's idea.”
“Get in the back of the jeep,” Charger ordered. “I have to tell my guys in the hummer where we're going.”
Granger gratefully squeezed himself into the small space behind the front seats, settling himself uncomfortably on a pile of bags that were stuffed with something hard and unforgiving.
Granger tried to keep his eye on what Charger was doing, but it was dark and the metal bars that supported the soft-top of the jeep got in his way. All he could hear was a “yessir.”
In a few moments, Charger returned and plopped himself down on the passenger seat.
“Let's move out,” he said to the driver as he struck a match and lit another cigar.
The two vehicles lumbered down the road and quickly disappeared into the darkness.
*****
“Well,” Terry said impatiently from the darkness of the rear seat of the eagle, “What are you waiting for?”
Arthur turned his head, looked at Dave sitting beside him, and took his hands off the steering column.
“If I start this thing up,” Arthur said, “they'll home in on us within a couple of hours.”
“Who's they?” Dave asked.
“My people, the people you still don't believe in,” Arthur answered.
“Aha, I figured you'd back down,” Dave said. “This other world is just a cover story. For what?” he demanded.
Arthur sighed. These people don't know the truth when they hear it, he thought as he turned the eagle on.
The lights in the cabin and on the instrument panel in front of Arthur sputtered on and off, until the lights settled into an eerie iridescent glow that barely illuminated the interior of the plane. One of the panels in front of him settled into a red-orange pulse.
“See that?” he pointed to the flashing light. “That's the internal diagnostics, and whoever flew this last didn't know how to bring it through the blue properly.”
“This plane isn't going anywhere,” Arthur said, as he was about to shut the eagle down completely.
“What's this?” Dave asked as he pointed to a screen that showed a map of the stars.
“What do you think it is?” Arthur asked, and everyone crowded around the two seats in the cockpit.
Dave pushed a button beneath the screen and it began to scroll. He rolled the button with his thumb and the angle of the map changed. He punched another button and a full view of a red planet appeared, filling the screen.
“Is that Mars?” he asked, his voice quavering.
“Yup,” Arthur answered.
Dave fiddled with the scroll button and the image enlarged beyond the point where the edge of the planet could be seen in its entirety. The image became riddled with dark and light spots just like a relief map of a section of the earth, until craters became almost dry river beds bordered by rock cliffs, dotted with structures recognizable anywhere as man-made.
“Space travel?” Dave asked Arthur.
“Some,” Arthur acknowledged. 
“In this?” Dave patted the instrument panel in front of him.
“Sometimes,” Arthur answered.
Terry listened to this exchange, and she started to smile. She was sure she heard the creak of a door opening in Dave's mind.
“What else can you show me, without going for a ride?” Dave asked.
Arthur sat there for a minute, thinking about where he could begin and what portion of technology being used in this plane would ultimately convince Dave that this eagle was really from another world. He started with an explanation of the liquid crystal lighting system that carried light and energy on the same tight beam powered by the abundant neutrinos that could be found everywhere in the universe.
*****
Max heard the vehicles long before he saw the headlights breaking through the branches that hung low over the road. He scrambled to find a spot where he would be visible to them, without becoming an accidental target in the dark.
Charger spotted him first and told his driver to stop.
“Max, I assume?” Charger asked. He didn't wait for a response. Charger was accustomed to being right.
“Get in beside Granger,” he said.
Once Max was settled and the jeep was moving again, Charger wanted to know how much further.
“I'd say, probably a football field, no more than that,” Max answered. “We should be coming up on a gradual rise. The valley is ringed with these small hills, but once we get past the rise it should be fairly easy going to the landing strip.”
Max's predictions were right on the mark. When the jeep tilted sharply at the top of the last hill they had to cross, Granger nearly lost the contents of his stomach. 
The front wheels of the jeep hit open air, and the back wheels gripped the sand forcing the jeep forward until there was nothing underneath the wheels of the jeep except cool night air.
It landed on the downside of the hill with a thud, but it landed upright and the driver kept it on course as it slid down to the valley floor, skidding on gravel and digging in when the wheels found patches of sand. Granger and Max were tossed about like loose marbles in a child's backpack, and Max knew exactly where the bruises would begin to show in a few hours.
The hummer was only slightly more graceful in its negotiation of the hillside, but from where the two vehicles had stopped on the valley floor, the occupants could see the outlines of the hangar and the office.
Charger got out of the jeep and went back to the hummer. He talked with the driver for a few minutes, but neither Granger nor Max could hear what they were discussing. After a few minutes Charger returned, and the hummer pulled ahead of the jeep.
The low beam from the headlights of the lead vehicle split the night and the darkness in the valley with a razor-straight and steady edge as they raced towards the hangar. With military precision, the vehicles stopped just short of the tarmac that led to the hangar.
Four men in combat uniforms whipped out of the hummer almost before it had come to a complete stop. They unslung assault rifles from their shoulders, and Max could hear the slap of their hands on metal as they steadied the weapons, ready to shoot if necessary.
Max began to sweat. Assault rifles? He asked himself. Who are these people?
Charger got out of the jeep, ordered his driver to do a recon, and like a general inspecting his troops, eyed the men up and down, then took up a position behind his armed wall.
Max was afraid to get out of the jeep, but Granger's only exit was past him and so Max had little choice in the matter. When he got outside, he stayed close to the jeep; the rifles were too big and too real for him.
“No activity outside, sir, but I heard some voices inside, not what they were saying, sir.” the driver gave his report.
“How many?” Charger asked.
“Don't know, sir,” was the response. “There's the front door for the planes and one side door, sir.”
“Okay, we take it,” Charger ordered. “Carefully. Move out.”
Granger followed behind Charger and his men at a distance. Max didn't move at all.
“You will be careful,” Granger said. “We pushed the eagle into the back right corner and covered it with a tarp.”
Charger stopped and looked at him.
“I do know what I'm doing. You just be there to confirm what we find.” Charger noticed Max leaning up against the jeep.
“Move it, mister,” he ordered him. “You're playing in the majors now and I own the team, and I run the show.”
Max sighed. In for a penny, he thought, and hurried to catch up with the rest of the assault troop.
They advanced on the hanger, the four men in front splitting in two groups. Two took positions at the either side of the hangar door, the other two raced silently in the darkness to the side door.
A low whistle was the signal that everyone was in position and the assault began, in darkness and in silence.
They crept into the hangar like snakes oozing into their cave, snuggling up against a shape in the shadows for protection, and then slithering sideways and forward towards the low buzz of voices that echoed in the almost empty hangar.
“They're in the eagle,” Granger whispered, pointing Charger's men towards the bulky shape of the eagle.
“Who?” Charger demanded.
“Whoever got here first,” Max answered sarcastically.
Charger whipped his fist out at Max, hitting him squarely in the temple. Max staggered under the impact. The taste of blood welled up in Max's mouth and he fought the sickening dizziness trying to take hold, and lost. He crumpled to the ground in a rag doll heap. The last thing he heard before he lost consciousness was Charger's voice.
“You've just been traded, my boy. It's back to the minors for you.”
“Take this garbage outside,” Charger ordered. One of the uniforms grabbed Max by the shoulders and pulled him the short distance to the hangar door, dragged the body outside, and pushed it up against a sidewall.
Charger's team reassembled, then quickly advanced the length of the hangar until they reached the tarp-covered eagle. Like an honour guard at a cadet's wedding, they stood in formation surrounding the door to the eagle and waited.
Charger listened carefully, mentally counting how many different voices he heard. He checked to see if Granger recognized them.
Granger shook his head.
Charger gave the order to ready their weapons once more, then turned on his flashlight, shining it directly on the eagle, and grabbed the edge of the tarp, pulling it to the ground, exposing the plane to full view from the outside.
“Everybody out of the plane now,” he yelled.
Pandemonium hit inside the eagle. Jessie was leaning on Dave's shoulder, looking at the console when Charger screamed his order. He tried to stand up and knocked her to the ground while Terry scrambled for a view out the side window. Frank ducked down behind one of the back seats, and tried to peek out the window next to him. All he saw was a narrow flashlight beam aimed at the only exit from the eagle.
“Get us out of here, Arthur,” Dave said.
Arthur stared out the window, ignoring the plea from Dave. He turned on the eagle's external lights, and its sensors. They made a sweep of the hangar.
“There's six of them outside,” Arthur read the information on the screen out loud. “Four of them are armed.”
“We need to leave now,” Dave warned.
“Can't,” Arthur said. “This plane is not going to fly us anywhere.”
Charger yelled his order again. “We are armed and will come in shooting if necessary.”
“Who is it?” Terry whispered to Arthur.
“If I'm not mistaken, that's Granger trying to stay in the shadows over there.” He pointed to a spot some distance behind Charger.
Arthur saw Charger nod at one of his men by the door and a shot rang out.
“One warning is all you get from me,” Charger shouted.
Arthur looked around the cabin. “Where's Frank?” he whispered to Dave.
“I'm here in the back,” Frank answered keeping his voice low. “I don't think they saw me.”
“Stay put,” Arthur whispered back. “All right, we're coming out now,” he said loudly as he got up from his chair, went to the door, and reached into the side panel for the taser that was stored there. He felt the bulk of it in his hand and he took it and slid the taser along the aisle floor to where Terry was maintaining her position at a side window. He nodded at her and gestured for her to skip it along the floor to where Frank could reach it.
“There's something coming your way, Frank,” she whispered as she used her foot to move it down to Frank's outstretched hand.
Arthur stepped into the opening of the plane's door and slowly put his foot on the first rung of the ladder to the ground. As he descended he put his hands in the air, in that all-important life-saving gesture of surrender. Jessie, Terry, and Dave followed his lead.
Frank was too scared to move. He knew it was only a matter of minutes before the armed guards outside moved in and combed the plane. There was nowhere for him to go or hide. He looked at the weapon in his hand. It had the solid feel of a handgun but no barrel. He found a switch in the handle, and immediately saw the arc of sparks across the flat head of the thing.
“It's a taser,” he said softly, comforting himself with the knowledge that he was at least armed with something. He crouched down low and waited.
“Menlow!” Granger said as he recognized the first figure coming out of the eagle, “I should have known you'd be here.”
Now that the guns were levelled at someone in particular, Granger's courage returned, and he almost shoved Charger aside to take centre stage.
“You're in my world, and now you're playing by my rules,” Granger said triumphantly. The words coming out of his throat sounded like the bleats from a cheap tinhorn played by an amateur.
“Whose rules are we playing by?” Arthur asked as he looked straight at Charger.
Charger smiled, nodded at Arthur like one general acknowledging another.
Granger poked his head through the doorway of the eagle. “Yep, this is it,” he yelled back to Charger.
As the guards herded Arthur and his friends to the middle of the hangar, Arthur turned to Charger. “It won't fly you know. Whoever brought it here damaged it.”
“Doesn't matter,” Charger said, as he placed a call on his cell phone and walked away from the group while he made his call.
He came back seconds later, ordered his men to secure the hostages in the office across the tarmac, and went to do his own inspection of the eagle.
“So this is what my money has bought me,” he said as he entered the plane. He looked around the cabin, comparing what was there to what he had expected to be there.
“Looks like an ordinary plane with an advanced exterior design,” Charger said.
“It's much more than that,” Granger sounded defensive. “It's what powers this plane and where it can go that makes it different.”
“Hm,” Charger said. He sat down in the pilot's chair and ran his fingers across the instrument panel in front of him.
The silence in the plane was killing Frank. He didn't dare move an inch or breathe deeply. He silently cursed himself for not having zapped Granger before Charger came onboard, and now the rest of his group was being marched to the office, handcuffed to each other. A bead of sweat formed on his brow.
“Don't touch anything,” Charger warned Granger. “My guys will be down here in a few hours with a truck. We're going to pack this in it and take it to the lab at Trout Bay.”
“We can take it apart screw by screw. We'll learn all of the little secrets this plane holds.”
“What do you know about Menlow?” Charger asked.
*****
The console in front of him beeped intermittently, a soft consecutive beep, timed to the burst of lights on the display screen as the monitoring system checked off the search pattern over and over again. 
“They have to be somewhere,” Starr muttered to himself, “and I'm going to be down on them like a hawk on prey as soon as I find them.”
He took a sip of his coffee, got up, and stretched his legs. He had been sitting in this eagle for hours, waiting for the telltale blip that would start him on his pursuit. His troops stood ready outside the eagle, and he was getting restless for the chase to begin.
They had nearly had them here. Starr cursed his bad luck and their good fortune. The only clue they had was the second set of lights in the sky that Alpha Squad had reported when the lab returned to the world from which it had come.
He was about to step out of the eagle when the alarm pinged.
“We got them,” Starr yelled to the squad waiting outside. “Let's go!”
*****
Frank peeked through the crack between the chairs but he couldn't get a good view of the two people sitting in the cockpit. He reached around the bottom of the seat, running his hand along the bottom cushion looking for the release button so that he could push the back of the chair forward.
His fingers found something metallic and pushable and as he put pressure on that spot he leaned against the back of the chair, pushing it slightly with his head. He heard a quiet click and the backrest on the chair tilted forward at an angle.
“What was that?” Charger asked, as he turned his head around as far as it would go.
“What?” Granger was too involved with the instrument panel to pay much attention to errant sounds or Charger's questions.
Charger got up from his chair and stood, peering into the cabin of the plane. From where he stood at the front of the plane, Charger could only stare into the semidarkness of the cabin, watching for any sign of movement, listening for any small noise.
Frank had a clear view of Charger. As soon as the man had stood up, Frank froze in place and panic set in. One question kept running through his mind - does he see me?
Charger stood still for a moment. Then started to walk down the aisle between the seats. When he got to the first row, he cautiously poked his head around the edge of the seat, checking for anything that might be hidden there. When he bent down to look under the chair his jacket fell open, and Frank could see the holstered gun Charger was carrying.
Oh my God, Frank prayed silently, oh my god, and when Charger came abreast of the second set of seats, Frank's panic set in, threatening him with the adrenaline desire to run so strong that it nearly overcame the simple logic that there was no place to run.
Frank grasped the taser a little tighter and made sure his thumb was on the switch. Against the urgings of his primitive biological nature he waited, not sure of how close he needed to be in order for the taser to hit his target.
Charger stood up from his inspection of the row of seats in front of Frank, and as he did so, he turned to take a look at Granger.
Frank struck like a diamond-back rattler from its lair under the rocks. The crackle of the charge splitting the hairs on the back of Frank's hand and an arc spun out from the darkness hitting Charger in his side, knocking him to the ground. He rolled once on the floor with his head pointing directly at Frank, and, as his eyes closed, Frank could see the shock and surprise briefly run through Charger's consciousness before it shut down.
Frank ripped the gun out of Charger's holster, jumped over the body, and was at Granger's back with the gun and the taser pointed at his head before Granger could take the whole thing in.
“Stand up,” Frank ordered, and as Granger stood, “and put your hands up in the air, too.”
Granger complied, and the two of them awkwardly made their way down the steps of the eagle onto the floor of the hangar.
Frank didn't know what to do now, and he stood there for a few minutes trying to understand what he had just done and what he should do next. He considered whacking Granger on the back of the head to put him out of commission, but Frank was a thinker, not a fighter. He looked around for something to tie him up with, an old piece of rope or something. The floors of the hanger, littered with pieces of metal and other debris, held nothing that could be used as a rope. He marched Granger over to a shelf built into the sidewall of the hanger.
In the dim light shed by the eagle, the shelf looked bare except for a few rusted bolts and screws embedded in the inch or two layer of dust that coated everything in the hangar that couldn't move. He saw a pile of rags further down the shelf close to the door opening.
He shoved Granger up against a post ordering, “Don't move.”  He kept one hand on Granger, shoved the taser into his belt, and with his freed hand grabbed the pile of rags.
If nothing else, Frank thought, I could shove these in his mouth so he doesn't scream. His hand hit something under the rag that was smooth and round.
“You're a lucky man, Granger. I just found duct tape,” he said.
Frank was tempted to whistle while he worked but he resisted. He walked Granger back to the eagle, bound him into one of the passenger seats with his hands tied behind his back and his mouth taped up. He did the same for Charger, although it did take more energy to prop the bulk of Charger's body up in the seat.
“Now for the rest of them,” Frank said, and if the truth were known, he was beginning to feel like the movie hero that saves the day in the last reel.
He went to the door of the hangar and peeked out. The jeep and the hummer were sitting next to the tarmac a ways down the runway, and from what Frank could see they were empty.
A soft light emanated from inside the broken windows of the office, but there was no one guarding the outside. He could see shadows moving inside the office, and worked up the nerve to make a dash across the tarmac. He took a deep breath, and as he started his quick dash across the open space, he heard something fall to the ground.
Damn, Frank swore under his breath as he reached for the spot where the taser had been. It was gone, and he didn't have the time or the light to go searching for it.
He patted the gun in his hand. This is all I'll need, he thought, and continued to make the crossover to the office.

Chapter 29

Max opened his eyes slowly. The throbbing pain in his temple had finally brought him back to the land of the conscious. He put his hand up to his temple, fingers gently probing for the source of the pain. He felt the indent where Charger had hit him, and his fingers came across something wet and sticky. Max didn't need to even try to look at his hand in the darkness - he knew the slippery, slick substance on his fingers was his own blood.
At least I know where I am, Max thought. He looked around in the darkness and saw the halo of light cast by the open hangar door and the light flickering from the office across the way. The cold steel frame of the hangar pinched into his back, and Max wondered just how long he had been left in such an uncomfortable position.
He got to his feet, slowly pushing himself up on his knees. The aches and pains of his recent trips, as well as the lack of sleep, showed themselves in the stiffness of his muscles and their unwillingness to respond as ordered. He was halfway to standing up when he saw Frank's shadow pressed against one wall of the office, and he knelt back down so quickly that a groan escaped his lips before he could suppress it. He crouched behind an old rusted barrel, watching and wondering, doing exactly, he presumed, what the other outsider was doing by the office.
Friend or foe? Max asked himself, and do I dare to try and find out? He chanced a few steps towards the edge of the front of the hangar, still staying in the shadow, but the view of the office and its suspicious shadow wasn't any clearer. The only detail Max could glean was that the occasional glint coming from the hand of that shadow was probably a gun.
Max's eyes were becoming used to the dark. He braved one more step forward to see clearly into the hangar. As he put his foot down, it landed on something irregular, and Max fell to the ground, his ankle twisting at a painful angle.
“Shit,” he said softly. He sat there, the pain in his ankle throbbing, it seemed, in unison with the one in his temple. He put his hand down on the pavement to help push himself up again to see if he could walk, and his hand hit the object that had made him fall.
He picked it up, and as he sat there in the darkness, he felt the outline of something he knew would be valuable.
Max chuckled. “It's the taser,” he said to himself as he tucked it into his coat pocket and half-walked, half-crawled back to his hiding place behind the barrel.
*****
If Frank hadn't been so intent on listening and peering into the office, he might have heard Max's fall, but, as it was, he didn't, and neither did anyone inside the office. The only voice Frank clearly recognized was Dave's, and he could see through the window that Dave, Jessie, Terry, and Arthur were sitting, handcuffed, on the floor in the middle of the room. He counted one guard by the door, and one sitting at the desk in front of the window with his back turned to the outside world.
Frank stood outside and waited, listening for anything that would give him enough information to make a decision and act.
Inside the office Dave leaned towards Arthur. “Who is Charger?” he asked quietly.
“Ever heard of Braxter Corp?” Arthur asked.
Dave's eyes widened in surprise. “Sure, everybody hears about them, but nobody knows anything about them. They are as big as a corporation can get, and they've got their fingers in just about everything going.”
“I know,” Arthur said. “We had some trouble tracking the various companies back to Charger, but if ever there was a single governing body on this world, Braxter Corp is it. They own governments, and the governments they don't own, they either get rid of or intimidate them into silence and co-operation.”
“That company has a long and bloody history, and the current driving force behind it is Charger.”
Dave was silent. From the few moments he had been able to see Charger clearly, the man had not distinguished himself in any way, other than the fact that he was in charge. He looked like a well dressed, middle-aged man that time had not been kind to. He was short and wide, and when he walked his boots hit the ground with little or no grace or rhythm. Even though the clothes he wore screamed money, and Charger was well armed, it amazed Dave that such an ordinary looking man wielded such power.
“He doesn't look like he's that important,” Dave said. “You know, no matter how well you dress a donkey, it's still a donkey, in nice clothes mind you,” he chuckled, “and there isn't an image maker alive that could make Charger look like he fits those expensive clothes he's wearing.”
“Don't be fooled,” Arthur said. “That donkey has a vicious streak and,” Arthur smiled, “he kicks ass like no mule you've ever come across.”
“So are we dead meat?” Terry asked.
“If we're not useful to him, I would think we are,” Arthur answered calmly.
“So when's the cavalry coming?” Jessie asked. “There is a cavalry coming for us, isn't there?” She looked at Arthur hopefully.
Arthur raised one eyebrow, but said nothing. For the past few minutes he had been using the one power that couldn't be bound by chains - his mind, and his ability to tap into the extra senses that weren't used or appreciated on this world. He had been searching the area with his ESP, much like a lighthouse sweeps the bay it watches, illuminating the rocks and shoals as a warning to pilots and navigators.
He knew Frank was just outside. He also knew that Frank's capacity for violence was predicated on an immediate and personal threat. Frank was not a violent man.
Out loud Arthur said, “So it takes four armed guards with, I assume, military training to guard four unarmed civilians, two of whom are women, all of which are in handcuffs.” He looked at the guard at the door.
Terry visibly bristled at this comment, but before she could say anything, the guard from the back of the office took two steps towards Arthur, raising his rifle to his shoulder as he moved.
“If you weren't Charger's property, I'd kill you myself, right here, right now,” the guard said. The tone in his voice was even and cold, devoid of anger or fear.
Frank got the message.
Four? Four with rifles? Frank teetered on the edge of panic. All the alternatives and possibilities swamped his mind at once, immobilizing him. He tried to formulate a plan of action but all the potential options he could come up with ended with the fact that he was outgunned and outmanned. He was checkmated by his ability to reason.
Frank sat down on the ground outside the window, trying to think his way out of his fear and save his friends, but the confusion remained. As he sat there, two words burned into his brain, sweeping into it like a television signal loud and clear.
“Cell phone”
“Of course,” Frank whispered, thinking isn't technology wonderful and silently vowing that if he got out of this one intact, this would make one hell of an ad. He reached into his coat pocket for the phone, but it wasn't there.
Damn, he thought, it has to be around somewhere. He looked across the tarmac to the hangar, calculating the distance, dreading a trip back across the way.
While he was waiting, debating the best course, Max was watching from his hiding place behind the barrel. Just as Frank took a step towards the hangar, a clap of thunder rang out and a stream of light arced across the sky over the valley. Frank froze where he was, and Max hunkered down in his hiding place.
Inside the office, Arthur glanced at his wristwatch and saw the glow emanating from the dial. He leaned over to his fellow hostages and whispered, “Stay close to me, as close as you can.” 
Dave and Jessie obeyed without question, but Terry looked at Arthur, raising an eyebrow and mouthed the word “why?”
“The cavalry is coming,” he answered, pointing at the glowing device on his wrist.
Outside, the light lingered in a trail in the night sky, illuminating a path across the valley floor for a few moments. As it faded into darkness, a tunnel appeared at the end of that light, opening a hole in the sky. A dark and silent flying machine silhouetted against the blue of the tunnel raced to its mouth and into the night sky above the valley.
Frank and Max were astounded. All they could do was watch silently from their hiding places.
Inside the office, the guards sprung into action. The one by the door went outside and ducked back in as soon as he saw the odd-shaped plane that was descending on the valley.
“We're under attack, douse the lights,” he ordered, as he raced back outside, settling himself into a defensive mode. One guard followed his lead, while one stood ready over the prisoners. The guard by the window leaped over the desk and through the open space, scraping his uniform on the shards of glass left in the pane, knocking Frank to the ground. He recovered his balance first and slammed his rifle butt into the back of Frank's head, knocking him unconscious. He settled into a position at the side of the office facing the approaching enemy.
Max took all of this in and made a critical decision. It was time for him to leave. He patted the taser in his possession and made his way to the back of the hangar, away from the action that was about to unfold.
*****
“It's an abandoned airstrip sir,” the pilot said to Starr, “There are two vehicles by the tarmac.”
“Shut those vehicles down,” Starr ordered.
An invisible sweep of energy cascaded over Charger's transports and their lights dimmed and died.
Another invisible sweep was done on the valley, this time to count heads.
“I count two people in the hangar, five in the office, three outside the office and one unconscious body outside the office as well, sir,” the pilot told Starr.
“How many armed?” he asked.
“Five, including the body.”
“Set us down, and send the signal to Menlow,” Starr ordered.
As the plane gently landed, the device on Arthur's arm stopped glowing. Only he could hear the gentle hum that began.
Terry felt a chill throughout her body and rubbed the goosebumps that appeared on her arms.
Dave felt the hairs that were left on his balding head prickle with electricity, although he identified it as fear.
Arthur looked at the guard.
This guard was clearly torn between what was happening outside and doing what he had been ordered to do. He took one step toward the door and then stepped back to his position. He began to pace the length between the door and the prisoners. Arthur watched and waited.
As the guard made his turn towards the door, Arthur saw his chance. He grasped the raised ring around the face of the dial of his device, twisted it a quarter turn. A short, sharp burst of light arced out and hit the guard's rifle, travelling the length of it, turning it red as it bathed the gun in light. The guard dropped the gun like it was a log on fire and launched himself at Menlow. In mid air he struck an unseen barrier, and collapsed on the ground a few feet away from the prisoners.
The guards outside watched as the plane landed softly and without noise of any kind. They held their ground, weapons pointed.
Starr could see them through the window of the eagle, and, in a small way, felt sorry for them. The glint of the steel barrels of their rifles was small and unimportant in the darkness of the night, and the power they believed they held mattered not at all. He ordered his men outside. “Disarm but don't kill,” he said.
They disembarked from the eagle with grace and confidence, each sending out an arc to the point of origin of the bullets that bounced off their invisible force field shields as Charger's guards fired freely. To give Charger's men their due, they didn't run, but stood there bravely, overwhelmed by the superior ability of the strangers from the sky.
It was over almost before it had begun, and as Starr was freeing Menlow and his friends, others revived Frank and took charge of the two prisoners in the hangar.
*****
From the rear corner of the hangar, Max watched as the drama on the tarmac was unfolding. He even predicted the winner. But as the men swarmed out of the eagle, he knew it was time for him to go.
Dammit, he swore to himself, I've gone through all this and what do I have to show for it.
“Nothing,” was his bitter response.
*****
After the shooting had stopped, Starr ordered his men to round up the shooters, and then made his way to the office. As he strode into it, Arthur smiled and said, “What took you so long?”
Starr snorted a chuckle.
“We wanted to make sure that all the players were in one spot,” he answered. “Kind of a lazy man's way of cleaning up a situation.”
As Starr was unlocking the handcuffs, one of his men dragged Frank's semiconscious body into the office. “Who's this?” he asked.
“A friend,” Arthur answered. “And I'd be willing to bet that if Frank is here, then Charger and Granger are tied up in the hangar somewhere.”
Frank muttered softly, “In the plane.”
Starr nodded to his man at the door.
Minutes later, a dopey, haggard-looking Charger and a disgruntled Granger were marched into the office.
“Good to see you again, Doctor,” Starr said, emphasizing the title. Granger could only glare back at Starr.
*****
Max lingered long enough to watch as Granger was escorted to the waiting transport. To Max, Granger looked like a pathetic figure as he was marched along to the eagle, with his head bowed and hands empty.
Big man, Max thought. Now you've got nothing, too. It was just then that Max's instinct for the odd angle in any event that might benefit him took over. He remembered the laptop and the information stored on the liquid crystal units he was sure Granger had hidden somewhere in his house.
That's my bargaining chip now, Max thought. He looked at the expanse of valley between the hangar and the hills, calculated his odds of crossing that distance undetected to the road that had brought him here. He decided it was this chance or none, and sped as fast as he could towards the scrub brushes that grew at the base of the hills that defined this valley.
*****
As they left the office, Terry heard Starr say, “There have been some developments while you were gone.” She followed them to the door. When they rounded the corner of the building, she stepped outside and tiptoed along the wall to the corner.
“They're all going to be treated. A full memory wipe, and the Chairman has said that if you don't co-operate, that will be your fate too,” Terry heard Starr say to Arthur.
“But you can't do that,” she cried out as she rounded the corner.
“We can and will do what we have to,” Starr said. “Hasn't this little experience with Charger taught you anything?”
“But we're not all Chargers,” Terry's anger was beginning to show. To have seen and learned so much in the past few days, and then to be exiled back into ignorance was something she would not acquiesce to.
Starr shrugged his shoulders.
“Well, you put on a pretty good show of decency and kindness towards this world, but when it comes right down to it, you're no better than Charger. You just paint a prettier picture. Does it ease your conscience being able to justify turning your back on us by hiding behind the ogres of our world?”
Terry shook her head. As she looked at Arthur, the brow on her forehead knitted into the question why.
Arthur had no answer at the moment. He just put his arm around Terry's shoulders and squeezed her gently in a comforting hug.
Terry shook him off.
Dave stepped around the corner of the building. “In a way,” he said to Terry, “you know, he's right.”
He turned to Arthur and Starr. “Not that I believe that there even is another world and that you're from it. I still think this is a government conspiracy to withhold technology from ordinary folks like me.”
“But,” Dave continued, “if what you say is true, the only way to fix this world is not to take it over, but to change things over a period of time.”
“A long period of time,” Dave followed the trail of his logic to its conclusion out loud, his voice painfully wistful.
Another clap of thunder broke across the sky, and another arc of light swept the valley. Out of the tunnel overhead another transport glided to a silent stop beside the landing strip.
Dave whistled, “I have to admit, the show you guys put on is impressive.”
Starr looked at Dave.
“Which would you prefer, to know for sure and then be made to forget? Or to ever speculate on what might have been?”
Dave wasn't big on philosophy. Such arguments carried little weight in the editorial room of The Northern Chronicle, but he did believe in the power of the individual to swim through the maze of memory, check out the facts and establish a truth, temporary as that might be. It was what he did for a living.
“No contest.” Dave answered. “To know.”
“Will you be missed if you disappear for two days?” Starr asked, casually.
“Nope, this is the weekend, and I have enough seniority, so does Frank. We don't work weekends,” Dave answered.
“All right, you get your shot at the truth,” Starr answered. “As soon as we get our 'special' guests loaded on the transport, then we, and your friends, will go back on the eagle.”
They went back into the office to wait for their final departure.
“We've got a problem,” one of Starr's men informed him. “There's one person missing from the list you gave us - Max Porter?”
Starr sighed. If there was one individual he had been looking forward to seeing undergo the realignment caused by a memory wipe, it was Max. Starr smiled. Max could be the poster child endorsement for this procedure. He looked at Arthur.
“He was here, but Charger knocked him out and had his men drop him somewhere outside,” Arthur said, “and I haven't seen or heard from him since.”
“He probably found the rock he was born under,” Terry said.
Starr ignored the comment. He and Arthur walked over to the eagle, got aboard, and Starr had the machine do a scan of the area. One of the video screens lit up with a greenish glow. A relief map of the valley, the hills, and the highway skirting the area appeared on the screen.
“Got him,” Arthur said. “He's halfway down this logging road to the highway.”
“Let him be,” Starr said. “We have another operative in the area who will pick him up. Besides, I'm pretty sure he knows where the laptop and the crystals are that Granger stole from our world. He should lead us right to them.”
As they watched the transport open up the wormhole and leave, Starr and Granger gave final instructions to the pilot who would fly the stolen eagle.
“Don't take any chances. Set the controls for the TSM centre,” Starr said, and the pilot aye-ayed his agreement.
They gathered up every bit of evidence they could find that said anyone had been in this valley recently. Dave and Frank were wide-eyed as they boarded the eagle. Jessie and Terry simply hopped aboard and sat down.
*****
Once again, Max found himself by the side of the highway, exhausted from his trek, in pain from his wounds, and determined to not only survive but win at this game of survival. He sighed with relief when he reached the rental car he had parked in the brush. He even had the keys in his hand, and the safety of the vehicle beckoned him. He unlocked the car door, sat himself down and relaxed for a moment before putting the key in the ignition. He turned the key. There was no sound of an engine protesting against gravity, no roar of a rev that said the motor was responding, just a faint click. He tried it again, unwilling to accept anything less than a purring engine ready to go. This time the click was even fainter.
“No, No, NO!” Max screamed. He beat his head against the steering wheel in time to his protests.
He leaned his head back against the headrest on the car seat, thinking, calming himself. He checked the gas gauge and knew the problem wasn't there. He popped the hood of the car from the console, got out, and went to inspect the recalcitrant engine.
As soon as he looked into the semidarkness of the front engine, he could see the problem. The distributor cap was gone, and it wasn't just missing. Bare wires snaked upward at uneven angles, declaring in their disarray that the removal of the cap was deliberate and violent.
Max sighed, slammed the hood down, and walked the short distance to the highway. In the early morning light, he crossed the road, stood on the gravel shoulder, stuck his thumb out, and waited.
Over the next half-hour, two cars, one van, and one transport truck whizzed past him. Their only effect on Max was the breeze that ruffled his clothes as they sped on by.
Max started walking toward the city. He didn't even turn around when he heard the sound of an old engine chugging down the highway. He stuck out his thumb, his back to the oncoming driver, and kept walking.
An old truck pulled off the road several yards ahead of Max. With relief Max bounded down the shoulder to whatever comfort this old heap would offer.
He opened the passenger door. “Hop on in, going to town?” the driver said, and by the time Max had reached the side step of the door he laughed, and so did the driver.
“Well, it's you agin,” Jim said. “Is this some kind of new sport? And where's your grumpy old friend?”
Max sat down in the front seat of Old Nelly and was grateful for every bump the truck took, every odor she belched, and every inch she moved down the highway.

Chapter 30

This time, Max didn't protest when Jim offered to drive him all the way into town. He even gave Jim directions to the end of the block where Granger lived.
“Take care, young fella,” Jim said, as he waved goodbye to Max.
Max barely acknowledged Jim's good wishes. His back was already turned to Old Nelly and its driver by the time Jim said goodbye. Max waved the back of his hand in the general direction of his benefactor, and started down the back lane once more.
The back door was locked and the porch window was bolted securely. Max wrapped his jacket around his fist, smashed the windowpane, and opened the window wide enough for him to enter.
The first thing he did after he entered Granger's house was to check the front window.
“Just as I thought,” Max said softly. That lowly reporter assigned to sitting outside in his car was there no more.
I guess his shift was over for the weekend, Max reasoned. Good, it gives me time to do what I have to do.
He put on a pot of coffee and went to the washroom to clean up his cuts and bruises. Dried blood landed in the white sink, slowly dissolving in the stream of water coming out of the taps. Max looked in the mirror and saw the bruise next to the cut on his temple. He checked the medicine cabinet for something to dull the throbbing in his head.
After he had cleaned and bandaged his wounds, he went back to the kitchen where the aroma of freshly brewed coffee wafted through the air. He poured himself a cup and turned on the television on top of the fridge.
It dawned on Max that he wasn't even sure what day it was, or exactly how long this game he was currently playing had gone on. The TV blared into life, and the brassy music of Saturday morning cartoons gave him his answer.
He switched the TV to a news channel, hoping to get any information about what this world thought had happened at the lab.
Max was about to try another channel when he saw the name Stoneridge appear in the coloured bar at the bottom of the screen.
“And today,” the announcer said, “there were more reports of strange lights in the sky accompanied by thunderclaps even though no clouds were seen in the sky just east of Stoneridge, Ontario. These sightings follow closely on the heels of the strange incident and storm that five days ago swept through this area, apparently causing the temporary disappearance of the Stoneridge Neutrino Observatory, and hundreds of thousands of dollars of damage to the city.”
“They don't know anything,” Max said out loud. It occurred to him that even though the area still swarmed with media representatives, none of them had gotten the real story. They had all stayed behind the barricades put up at Pitwell’s Place to keep them out, and had contented themselves with the rumours bandied about by the locals and the drips and drabs fed to them by the PR people for the lab.
“So, I have a little time,” Max mused. His experiences from the last two days caught up with him in one flash throughout his body. Fatigue overruled his desire to search the place for the laptop he was sure Granger had hidden somewhere in this house.
He lay down on the couch in the living room, his head cushioned by the soft comfort of an expensive piece of furniture that looked as though it had just been delivered from the factory.
At least Granger didn't cheap out on this, Max thought as he drifted off.
*****
Harvey hadn't slept much that Friday night even though the dinner he had shared with Barb and Bert had filled his belly to the point of making him sleepy. The beer should have topped off his fatigue and he should have gotten a solid eight hours of sack time, but every time Harvey's eyes had closed, and his consciousness started to shut down, his semiconscious mind went to work.
“Log cabins, mountains, eagles.” Harvey asked himself, “Where are these images coming from.”
He could almost taste the purity in the air and smell that forest. That was the pleasant part of the dream, and every time he had settled himself into enjoying it, other images intruded, darker and, and what? He wondered. Every time he reached out with his mind to sort through the images that had fleetingly passed through his dreams, one picture teased him with its image. It was the image of this world in its entirety that haunted his memories, a deep blue globe hanging in the darkness of space. Tied to this image was the sensation of being strapped into a chair and flying. Harvey shuddered at these thoughts. “No one's ever going to get me in a plane,” he vowed.
He lathered his face for shaving and looked at himself in the mirror. His face stared back at him. There were odd moments when Harvey was sure he wasn't alone in that mirror.
When he had finished scraping the hair from his face and neck, Harvey set himself a mission. He pulled out all the back issues of the newsletters he had received from the UFO network. He checked the table of contents of each one, and only those that contained stories of alien abduction went into the pile on the coffee table. The rest were carefully re-filed in the cardboard box Harvey used for storage of his important papers.
*****
Barb and Bert had fared better that Friday evening than Harvey. After they had finished the dishes, and finished watching the game, they left Harvey's and ended up at Barb's place. It was Barb who asked Bert to stay, and it was an invitation Bert had politely waited for all evening. It wasn't an invitation for sex. They had already explored that part of their relationship, but it was something much more, a togetherness born out of a need to hold each other and keep each other close. Both dreamed of a pristine world that was just slightly out of reach - the Eden of their dreams.
They lolled around Saturday morning, drinking coffee, reading the newspaper, avoiding the subject of what had happened to them until finally Barb brought it up. They were sitting at the kitchen table, papers strewn about, and as Barb put on the third pot of coffee she finally said quietly, “We need to know.”
Bert nodded. “But how do we find out what happened? I mean, what really happened.”
Now that the subject was out in the open, a torrent of thoughts spilled out of Bert's mouth.
“I don't think it was anything bad,” he said. “At least that's not what it feels like inside. I don't feel scared, just…” he paused, looking for the right words.
“Like you've had a vision of something perfect, or something that could be perfect?” Barb asked, “and it's always two steps away from you?”
He nodded, and something occurred to him.
“Do you think we died, just for a minute or two, and we saw heaven?” Bert asked.
“But whose heaven was it?” Barb asked. “Who decides what heaven is, or looks like and don't forget the flip side of heaven - hell.”
“A lot of people would say this world is hell,” Bert answered.
“We need to get together with Elsie, May, and her girls, especially Wendy. That child is very special, and I think she knows what happened,” Barb said.
“Well, I have Dan's phone number,” Bert said. “Why don't we give him a call and get together with them? I don't know where Elsie lives.”
“Let's invite them over for dinner tomorrow,” Barb suggested. “You call and I'll start cleaning up. We can shop this afternoon.”
*****
It was late afternoon when Max woke up. He sat up on the couch, stretched, and reached for the half-full cup of coffee on the table. He took a sip, but it was cold and he went in search of a fresh cup. He made himself a meagre meal from the remnants of the food he had brought in yesterday. It was barely enough to keep his stomach from complaining, but more coffee filled the gaps in his appetite.
He drew up a search plan in his mind, and it started with Granger's computer in the den.
When he entered the darkness of the den, he could see the green-glow of the monitor, and the keyboard, but the screen was dark. He jiggled the mouse and the screen lit up. While the computer was whirring into action, he turned on the lamp beside the computer, and started ransacking the drawers in the desk.
Nothing, nothing, nothing, bills, Max thought as he pushed paper around, read bits and pieces of scientific documents that meant nothing to him.
The computer beeped and said, “You have four new messages.”
Max clicked okay and scanned the minutiae of Granger's e-mail. There was nothing significant there. They were all dated one week previous and ranged from an invitation to lecture at the local university, to an offer of a new credit card.
While he sat there and thought, the computer beeped again, and in an all-too-friendly voice said, “You have mail!” 
Max clicked on the icon to retrieve it.
“Bingo!” Max said as he read it, “you are one lucky son-of-a-bitch.” It was from Charger's second-in-command at Braxter Corp, wondering where the hell Charger was.
Max sent back, “He's with me. Been a delay but will be sending Max Porter to you with a package. Should be there in two or three days,” leaving Granger's signature file attached to the message.
He decided to focus his attention on searching the rest of the house, reasoning that Granger wouldn't have stored it in an obvious place like his den.
He started upstairs. Of the three bedrooms, only one had any furniture in it, the rest were bare and the closets were easy to search and eliminate as hiding places. Even Granger's bedroom was spartan. The small closet there didn't come anywhere close to being stuffed with clothes, and the dresser and the bed were easily eliminated as hiding places. The bathroom was a good size, but there were few, if any places to hide the laptop.
As he was walking down the upstairs hall, he looked up and saw the entrance to the attic. It had a pull-down ladder, and Max gingerly pulled the string. The ladder groaned and lowered itself slowly, dust clouds billowing from the opening above.
Shit, Max thought, brushing the dust from his clothes and stifling a sneeze.
He climbed the ladder and poked his head through the opening. Small remnants of spider webs clung to his hair, and in the darkness these feathery weights molded themselves to the source of the intrusion into their space.
Max couldn't see much. The small window in the far corner allowed in just enough light for him to see a bare bulb hanging from the rafters. But he couldn't feel any switch on the wall that would have turned that on before he had to cross the floor of the attic. Max decided to chance an inspection of the attic, and hauled himself up from the ladder until he was sitting on the edge of the opening, legs dangling through it. He pushed hard on the floor, testing it to see if it would hold his weight, and realized that the only true test was a full one.
He swung his legs up and around and stood up. The floor was cushy, giving under his weight and he stepped lightly and carefully across it to where the light hung. He raised his arms to the bulb, checking to see if all it needed was a partial turn in its socket to give light, but it was in there solid. He waved his hands around the sides of the bulb until he felt the solid hit of a metal chain.
“Aha,” he said as he pulled it and light beamed down on him.
He looked around the attic in anticipation, only to find bare walls, and floors clear of anything except dust.
“No boxes, nothing,” Max said. “I got dirty for nothing.” He didn't bother turning out the light before he descended the rickety stairs to the hallway, nor did he push the ladder back up before he resumed his search.
The only other place he hadn't searched in the house was the basement, and Max stomped down both sets of stairs.
“At least this is cleaner,” Max said, as he checked around. He opened the dryer door, and lifted the washing machine lid, finding nothing. He passed by the freezer and went to the other side of the basement. There were two boxes on the floor. Max figured he just might have it paydirt.
Max ripped off the flaps on the first box, and dug through it. All he found for his efforts here were framed diplomas, a couple of yearbooks and old magazines.
“Well, well, well,” Max said, “I didn't know you even cared about the female form,” Max chuckled as he pawed through the old issues of a magazine for men. Such a find made Granger a little more human to Max, but only a little. When he was done, he pushed that box aside and ripped open the next one. It was full of little plastic peanuts, “packing foam,” Max thought, digging faster through it, sure that the laptop was in here.
His hands scraped the bottom of the box and plastic flew out of the top. Frustrated Max tipped the box over, and the only thing that fell out was more of the pink and blue peanuts.
“He meant to use this for the laptop,” Max said, more sure than ever that it had to be in this house.
Energized by the surety of his logic, Max went back upstairs to the kitchen. His exercise had given him an appetite, but there was nothing left in the house to eat. He decided a run to the corner store was necessary. He still had time to go through this house again and again until he found what he was looking for.
All the way to the store Max went over his search in his mind, trying to second-guess himself and Granger. He was so preoccupied that when he pushed open the door of the store he nearly knocked another customer to the ground. He didn't pause to help her up, to ask if she was okay, or even to say he was sorry. Almost in a fog, he went up and down the aisles, picking up items he thought he might need and was in the checkout line before he remembered the milk. The counter beside him was partially cleared of the groceries of the customer ahead of him, so he dumped his foodstuffs on the end of the counter, and with a half-smile said to the cashier, “I forgot the milk, I'll be right back.”
There was a groan from the customer behind Max in the line-up, but he didn't notice. He walked to the back of the store where the freezer was, opened the door, and grabbed a bag of milk.
Dammit, he thought as he squeezed the bag in his arms, this milk is partially frozen, I can feel the crystals through the plastic bag. He was about to put it back when a series of chains and coincidences knit together his thoughts in a blindingly truthful way.
“The freezer,” he almost yelled, and a few of the customers in his vicinity looked at him oddly. A small child laughed out loud.
“The freezer,” he muttered again, softly. Granger said you could freeze those crystal floppies and they wouldn't be damaged. He rushed back to the checkout, not caring about the state of the milk he was buying. He put it on the counter with everything else, but the customer ahead of him was still holding up the line.
“Put your card in the other way and try again,” the cashier patiently explained to the elderly woman who was struggling with the debit card.
She did, and this time the transaction went through. Max watched as the bag boy finished bagging her purchases.
“Oh, I forgot,” the old woman said sweetly, “I wanted to buy some lottery tickets. Is it too late for me to do that?”
The cashier looked at Max. He didn't bother to mask his impatience - he threw his arms in the air.
“Of course you can,” the cashier matched the old lady's sweetness of voice and added a few sticky calories to the tone of her words, smiling in Max's direction.
“Lotteries,” he snorted. “Don't you know you'll never win at that game? It's for suckers only.”
The old woman looked like she had just been slapped, but she recovered quickly in the way only those with manners and intelligence can.
“Oh, I don't expect to win, young man,” she said politely. “I know enough about mathematics to realize that the odds are astronomically against me. It's the dreaming that's fun. If by some chance I should win, then there are so many people who have helped me throughout my life, that I would be able to repay each and every kindness that has come my way.”
The cashier beamed at the lady as she handed her the tickets, and the old woman waved good-bye as she left the store.
Max's goods were hurriedly and harshly run across the scanner and jammed into bags. He was out of the store before he could even consider what the old woman said, even if he had wanted to.
Max didn't even have enough sensitivity to be embarrassed by his ignorance. All the way home his mind was focused on the laptop. He put the groceries down on the table and forced himself to unpack and stow them before he went downstairs to the freezer.
As he carefully lifted the lid, a cold watery blast of air escaped. Max cleared the air with his hand, waving away the fog.
He looked into the freezer and groaned. All he could see were frozen packages; some wrapped in brown paper with labels attached. Others, like vegetables, had pictures of the contents on the front.
“It has to be here,” he said to himself. “It just has to be.”
He took each package out, one by one, inspecting it, feeling it until he reached the bottom. When he grabbed the second to last brown package, he knew from the feel of it that he had found what he was looking for. Carefully he pulled it out of the freezer, pulling at the corners of the package to unwrap it.
Inside were the floppies, and these he placed on top of the dryer. He went back to work, checking all the other brown packages, until he found the laptop.
If Max could have given himself a pat on the back, he would have. Instead, he cooked himself a meal and sat down to make plans. He spread his prize out on the table, along with the taser and the wristwatch that he had stolen from the other world.
If this technology isn't enough to buy me into big money, nothing is, Max thought.
*****
Dave, Jessie, Terry, and Frank were standing on an observation deck overlooking the ocean shore, a cool breeze ruffling their hair and rustling their clothes.
“Is it enough to convince you?” Terry asked. “You've been here for one whole day. You've seen this world from above, and on the ground, you've seen their technology. Is it enough?”
Arthur was just stepping through the door to the deck when he heard Terry's question, and was curious about what Dave would say.
Dave didn't answer right away. The day had brought him some startling revelations, and there was a grumbling growing in the very essence of his being, challenging his definitions of what could be, and changing the way he defined himself.
“The only question I have is why?” Dave said.
“Neutrinos,” Jessie answered.
“No, not how, but why. If what we are seeing is true, and I believe it is, why have they denied our world for so long? Why haven't they simply sent a fleet of those eagles loaded with expertise and medicine to our world?”
“How could they do that?” Terry asked. “They'd either be shot down by some country or other because they were violating somebody's national air space, or they would be commandeered by government interests. You know that's true.”
“But with this technology, they could overcome anything our world could use to keep them from helping ordinary people,” Dave answered.
“And what would that make us?” Arthur asked. “And what would that make you.”
“The conqueror and the conquered,” Dave said sadly. “But in this case it would be for the greater good.”
“It can't happen that way and you know it,” Arthur said. “We learned from the unification war just how dirty and temporary the use of force is, and how it begets itself once begun.”
“So why did you only have one war?” Dave asked.
“Because after the war, we saw the need to meet people's needs, not just a few but everyone's. Over a period of time, our whole world became one big village, one people who spoke with one voice, and one world to be shared by everyone. No money interfered with self-worth, no wealth to mark the differences between regions, and no region was allowed to withhold what it produced for a higher price. It took a long time, but in the end, without religions, nationalism, or money to divide people, there was no reason not to think of this world as one, and for everyone in this world to see themselves as individual parts of a whole.”
“Aye, there's the rub,” Dave said, quoting from an almost forgotten play he studied in high school. “It's how we define ourselves from within and without.”
“That's part of it,” Arthur said sadly. “For centuries your world has operated on profit and greed and things have always gone to whoever was the strongest. Whoever could muster the bigger army, whoever could build the best weapons, and whoever could enforce their claim to ownership, ruled. In the beginning we thought we could simply change things on your world, the way we did here.” Arthur shook his head at the memories these words evoked.
“All we ended up doing was giving technology to those people who used it against the people on your world. Just being able to sail the seven seas, something we thought would knit your world together, ended up being the way one brother could enslave his other brother and sell him for cheap labour a whole continent away. We learned, early on in your history, that it would take time, a great deal of time, before ordinary people could be knitted together to form a force that the wheelers and dealers on your world couldn't control.”
“Tomorrow, I'm going to show you why it is so dangerous for the people who run your world to know about this one,” Arthur said as he turned his back to his fellow travelers and looked out over the ocean, a tear forming in his eye.
*****
Elsie had a decision to make this Saturday night. As usual, she had washed and curled her hair, ironed the clothes she thought she would wear to church tomorrow, and counted out her money, taking a percentage of it and stuffing it into the brown envelope for Sunday's collection plate. But with each action, a sense of dread came over her.
She chided herself for being so silly. Hadn't she survived what they were now calling the freak storm of the century? Hadn't God brought her through the dark storm, and healed her to boot? She didn't need her glasses, and the tests she had done on her blood sugar were more normal than a woman half her age. She didn't understand the uneasiness she felt in her bones.
She didn't answer the phone, even though someone had called every ten minutes over the space of an hour. She had just known it was Pastor Chesholm. The thought of talking to him upset her greatly.
“I don't understand,” she said out loud, tears filling the corner of her eyes. “I don't understand.”
She spent a restless night. The next morning, she put her church clothes back in the closet, and went for a walk. She walked down the block, not seeing the houses she passed, and barely smiling at those who passed by her. She reached the entrance to the ballpark and walked around the wooden barricades that formed the sides of the rink, past the clubhouse, and onto a small trail through the bush in the back.
She had been down here before, but today, the trail looked different. She absentmindedly pulled a few raspberries off the bushes that lined the path, filling her left hand full and eating them as she walked. She came to the bridge across the spring-swollen creek and paused, looking over the edge of the bridge at the water rushing past it below. The water was rust coloured, even though the current was swift. The rusted cans and car parts that littered the bottom of the creek coloured it so that no amount of fresh water, added to by rain or melting snow, could clear the creek of its polluted stain. This is man's handiwork, she thought.
Out loud Elsie said, “That's what's wrong with this world,” and before she could take another breath, a torrential backlash of memory stormed through her mind of a world that was pristine, beautiful, and bountiful, guided by the hand of man.
“Not like the mean hand on this world,” she said, as a complete memory of just where she had been flooded through her consciousness.
“Oh … my...God,” Elsie yelled, and then immediately wanted to take those words back. She didn't want to know what she now knew because with that knowledge came a responsibility she didn't want. All of her life she had been able to say with confidence that God would take care of things, and if things weren't perfect, or even satisfactory, it was all part of God's plan.
She hurried back down the path, unsure of what she would do, who she could talk to, unsure of anything except the need to do something. She crossed the ball field in record time. Her mind was working overtime at what she now knew was the truth, trying to decide who to tell it to, and the first person that came to mind was Dora.
She didn't check the street when she came up to the crosswalk at the far end of her block, even though she had always been careful about crossing the four-lane main street that separated her co-op from the street where Dora lived. She had always been conscious of her own fragility, but this time she didn't stop to check the traffic light. Elsie was on a mission.
She was halfway across the third lane when the car struck her square on. Elsie floated over the hood of it in an almost graceful dance that ended when she hit the ground and died. She didn't hear the squealing tires as the driver had hit his brakes, she didn't hear the words of the stranger that asked her if she was all right, and she didn't hear the siren that came and took her body to the morgue. The essence of Elsie was someplace else by that time.

Chapter 31

Harvey spent his Saturday and Sunday pouring over old magazine accounts of alien abductions. He read and reread the stories people recounted. Some were terrified by their experience, while others were awed by it. Harvey was in-between, every time he tried to think about his missing time he felt two things - peace and, close on its heels, a sense of loss, and he didn't know why. But one thing he was now sure of - he had been abducted by aliens.
That sense of terror when he was flying was something that had ingrained itself in his memory at a primitive level, and Harvey knew that he would never have flown willingly. Now all he had to do was figure out what they had done to him.
As he showered to get ready for the dinner Barb was putting on, he checked his body carefully. He took the shaving mirror from the bathroom sink into the shower with him and did a thorough inspection. He didn't find any marks, even though he probed and pushed down on his skin on those areas of his body where they might have implanted something. All he found was a few bruises beginning to show and the same old bumps, lumps, and indents that had come from a lifetime of working at manual labour, and the occasional boisterous night out on the town.
He arrived early at Bert's place, well before the other guests, and he was armed with what he thought were the strongest and truest selection of stories to bolster his case with his friends.
“Harvey,” Bert said impatiently, “you know you can't trust those magazines.”
Harvey sighed, “Well, what did happen then?”
“I don't know,” Bert said, catching the warning look Barb was giving him.
“As far as the flying goes,” Barb said, “we must have experienced something like flying when that accident happened. The whole lab did disappear. It had to have gone somewhere.”
When the doorbell rang, Bert gratefully answered it, showing Dan, May and their daughters into his home. They all greeted each other awkwardly, but politely, and it was Harvey who broached the subject first.
“So, what do you remember?” he asked May.
Barb intervened. “Actually, I could use some help in the kitchen, Sarah? Wendy? How 'bout giving me a hand?”
Wendy got up off the couch, but Sarah stayed where she was. It was her firm conviction that grown-up talk was better than setting the table for dinner.
Barb and Wendy went to the kitchen, and as soon as they got there, Wendy began exercising the new muscle that she had discovered.
“Harvey's real upset,” she didn't speak, but sent these words to Barb.
“Have you been mucking around in other people's minds again?” Barb sent back.
Wendy sighed, smiled, and said out loud, “Just a little.”
“Harvey needs to calm down,” Barb sent back. “If he remembers where we went, then maybe he will feel better.”
“I can help with that,” Wendy said.
“Other people's minds are not a playground for you,” Barb warned. The memory of just how Wendy had calmed Elsie bobbed to the surface of Barb's mind.
“Just like Elsie,” Wendy nodded.
Barb dropped the ladle on the stove as more memories rolled like waves, flooding through her mind. She tried to isolate the moving pictures, put them in neat little consequential rows, but like waves, they came and went at their own bidding.
“Oh my God,” she said as dizziness swept over her. “I know I need to know what's there,” she pointed to her head, “but it's just out of reach. I'm sure we went somewhere, and that somewhere was a better, cleaner, peaceful place.” She paused, “I get the feeling that this place is real, that it's only a step away, but I don't know in which direction.” The sadness in her voice reflected the grey dull reality of the world she lived in.
Wendy went over to where Barb was standing by the stove and put her arms around Barb's waist.
“It's okay,” she said. “It's okay, because people like you and me are going to make this world a better place.”
Barb looked down at Wendy, wondering where in the world such a small child would get such grandiose ideas. As she looked into Wendy's eyes, she saw the hopes and dreams of a child who has yet to learn just how big and dirty this world had become.
Barb shook her head.
“I'm not just a little kid,” Wendy sent back, and her thoughts were tempered with a touch of anger.
“You're not the only one I can read,” Wendy smiled as she sent this to Barb. “I've been busy, and I just know that things are going to be different soon.”
Barb was about to ask Wendy what she meant by that when they were noisily interrupted.
“So, can I help too?” Sarah asked as she bounced into the room. She got bored quickly when no one paid her the attention she figured she was due, the kitchen was the only other refuge in this house where she knew there was one person she could make pay attention to her. She pushed Wendy out of the way, and inspected the plates already set out for dinner.
“Dinner's ready,” Barb called out to her guests, and for a little while there was the simple enjoyment of food well cooked and plentiful.
After dinner, talk returned to the one subject troubling everyone's mind, except Wendy.
“Do you remember a log cabin?” Harvey asked bluntly.
“No,” May answered, “but I do remember a mountain, and feeling scared.”
“The mountain,” Harvey said, nodding his head sagely. “I remember that.”
“Me, too,” Sarah said. “And I know Wendy was scared and crying, but that's nothing new.”
“What about a desert?” Barb asked, but everyone shook their heads no.
Silence followed, long enough to be noticed, and then Harvey asked the question he had been dying to ask all night long.
“What about flying?” he looked around the room, trying to read their faces.
“Sorry,” May shook her head.
“Landslide,” Bert said, loudly. A memory of clinging to a rope halfway down a mountain not only filled his mind, but he recalled looking up at the cliff above him, terror filling him.
“Now where did that come from?” he shuddered, “God, that certainly felt real, but I know I've never done any mountain climbing.”
Harvey nodded. Now he was certain his theory was more than just an idea.
“Implanted memories,” he said. “They implanted memories in us to make sure we don't remember what really happened.”
Everyone in the room stared at Harvey.
He reached for the plastic bag full of magazines he had brought with him. “These stories tell it all, how they wipe your memory of what happened, and implant these other memories.”
He emptied the magazines onto the coffee table. “It's all there. It's all been done before, but now we know what the truth is.” He sat back on the couch, crossed his arms across his slightly puffed out chest, and waited for reaction from his fellow abductees.
“It's just a question of recovering the memories,” he said.
Another silence followed. As May got up from the loveseat and started stacking the coffee cups to take them in to the kitchen, she said quietly, “I'm not sure I want to know.”
Softly, Harvey muttered to himself, “Well, I do and I will.”
When Harvey got home that evening, he sat down and started writing everything that he thought he remembered and everything that he thought had happened. He folded his five-day memoir carefully, stuffed it into the envelope, addressed it properly, and made an evening trek to the mailbox on the corner of his block.

*****
Max sat at the table for a long time, watching as the laptop and its odd-shaped crystal tubes warmed up to room temperature. He was itching to turn the machine on and go poking through whatever was stored in the computer, but he was a careful enough thief to know that damaged goods brought less money. While he waited, he considered how he was going to get this to the people who would reward his effort.
As darkness fell, he realized that the easiest thing was to have them come and pick him up, hopefully in the style to which Max anticipated he would soon become accustomed. He went upstairs and drafted an e-mail to the person who had last e-mailed Granger from Braxter Corp.
“Have the goods. Send company jet to Stoneridge airport. Please confirm time.” He clicked the send button and waited. Even though it was a Sunday evening, and most folks were home relaxing after a roast beef dinner, he had seen enough of Charger to know that the head office lights would still be on, and somebody was sweating out the wait there.
It only took fifteen minutes before the response came.
“Yes,” Max said, and sent back the confirmation that he would be at the airport on Monday at 2 PM sharp. “The private wing of the airport, no less,” Max crowed.
He went back downstairs and turned on the laptop. For the next two hours, he poked through piles of files that made little sense to him, but only increased the dollar signs in his mind.
*****
“The good news is the time differential has been stabilized,” Starr said to Arthur. “It's even gotten a little wider. The nuclear tests in China are proving that.”
“Why?” Arthur asked, as he shifted his weight in the chair opposite the desk Starr was using.
“Well, there's something you don't know,” Starr said. He got up from the chair and walked over to the window that overlooked the room below. “We kept it under wraps until we could explore it and see what was there. When the lab came through the wormhole, it didn't come to our world. It created a brand new third world.”
Arthur was stunned.
“That accident was on the same scale that created our world, except this time there was some control to it.”
“It's beautiful, pristine, verdant, and lush,” Starr said pausing for a second to emphasize what he was about to say. “And there isn't a soul living on it.” 
“No one? No one at all? What about wildlife?”
“It's got everything but people,” Starr answered, as he watched the preparations in the room below, “and it's stable. We think the pull between the three worlds may just save us all from colliding with each other.”
Arthur got up and walked over to the window, though he didn't want to watch what was unfolding in that room.
“Isn't there anything I can do or say that would change your mind?” he asked Starr.
The office door opened and the chairman of the World Council walked in.
“Dr. Callum,” Arthur said. “Come to make sure there are no mistakes this time?”
“Yes and no,” was her cryptic reply. She walked over to the desk and sat in the chair Starr had been using.
Arthur turned and looked directly at Callum.
“Do you really think it's necessary to wipe their memories. Couldn't we use some allies on their world?”
“Charger and Granger will never be anyone's ally except money, unless they go through the treatment,” she said. “You know that. You know we have given Granger ample opportunity to see the consequences of his attitude, but he doesn't care. He is too much old world.”
“But what about Jessie? She has a brilliant mind. We could use her help, and I'm sure she would be willing. What about Terry? Hasn't she shown that she understands the delicate balance between the worlds? She could be an ally. Dave and Frank, they may be Old World, too, but I think they see the benefits of what we can do and are doing.”
Dr. Callum sat quietly, looking at Arthur.
“I think you need a change of assignments, Arthur,” she said. “Why don't you just enjoy your last day with your first world friends? We'll talk more later.” 
The phone on the desk buzzed. Starr answered it.
“Good, pick him up. That's the last piece of the puzzle.”
After he hung up the phone, he said, “We found Max, and we found the laptop he stole.”
“All the pieces are falling into place,” Callum said.
Arthur left the office, his footsteps heavy and sad as he went in search of his friends. He invited them for one last flight over his planet and one last picnic on the shore.
“They haven't changed their minds, have they?” Terry asked, as they watched the ocean roar in and out of the cove.
“No,” Arthur said, “and I don't think they will.”
As the sun began to set in the late afternoon, they packed up the remnants of this holiday and headed back to the complex for the final stages of this journey.
“I'll meet you in the lounge,” Arthur said
*****
Charger and Granger had been confined to their rooms for the weekend, and for all the luxuries of the accommodation and the pleasantries provided by their watchers, it was still a jail and neither saw it any differently.
Charger paced the length of his room, assessing the situation. He knew the guards weren't armed, at least not with anything he could see, and he knew they weren't muscle boys. They had been too civil with him for that. Charger had always prided himself on his ability to judge character and personality simply by looking at someone. These guards were underlings, that was a given, but he didn't know just how prepared for violence they were.
He walked over to his window, testing it again for the hundredth time, pushing, pulling, and hitting. There was no give to the glass pane, and the window wouldn't move up, down or sideways.
Meanwhile, Granger quickly gave up testing the physical limits of his cell. He took a scientific approach to his confinement and focused his mental agility on the memory wipe. 
They must use chemicals, he thought. That has to be part of the process. But how will they administer it - needle? Add it to the food? Or is it something we will inhale?
He couldn't stop them from giving him an injection, he knew that, but had he been prepping himself for the procedure simply by eating? If so, then it's too late, he mused.
Granger lost himself in his scientific analysis of the coming procedure.
In the early afternoon, the guards opened the prisoner's civilized but controlled doors to their rooms, and escorted them to the medical wing of the complex.
As they were walking down the hall, Charger rammed the guard on his left, crushing him against the wall. As the guard went down, another guard from behind twisted the dial on his wrist device, aimed it at Charger, and as the glow from the device washed over him, Charger slumped to the ground next to the guard.
“I just thought I'd try,” Charger said weakly as two more guards picked him up and half-carried, half-dragged him into the procedure room.
Granger walked into that room under his own power, scanning it, assessing it for clues to what this procedure would include. There were two examining beds extending out of a machine that looked similar to the CAT scans they had just installed in the local hospital back home. The beds were on runners, so they could be rolled into the belly of the machine, and Granger made a check of the room to see if there were any medical trays laden with bottles of liquid and needles. He didn't see any in the room.
“You know this isn't necessary,” Granger said. “You know such procedures could damage my brain beyond redemption. I might come out of this and be a babbling idiot that can't even tie my own shoelaces. How am I going to survive that?” 
Arthur had entered the room behind Granger, and chuckled when he heard this.
“Well,” he said as he walked over to the bed Granger had been strapped into, “if that should happen, and I assure you it won't, but if it should, then you will be blissfully ignorant of what you once were, so it wouldn't matter anyway.”
“People do learn to be content with their limitations, especially those people you generally look down on from the ivory tower you've built for yourself. I think you call them average people.”
“But I can be of use to you,” Granger was almost whining now. “Please, please don't do this to me.”
“Shut up, Granger,” Charger ordered from the bed next to him. “You're not that rare of a commodity that I won't be able to find somebody else to fill your shoes.”
“Only if you still want to, Mr. Charger, after the procedure is done,” Arthur said.
“You can take my memories away from me, but you can't take the me out of me,” Charger said defiantly.
“Well, if that were true, I guess the best thing to do would be take you out back and shoot you. Would that be your preference?” Arthur didn't wait for a response.
“That may be how you would handle this situation, but it's not our way,” Arthur said, nodding at the technicians to start the process.
The beds started to roll into the tunnel of the machine and the lights in the room dimmed.
Granger started to sob. Charger flexed his arm muscles and pulled as hard as he could against the leather straps that held him in place. He didn't start to feel fear until he heard the door he had passed through click shut. He could hear a pump whirr into life and, as the panic gripped him, he started to pant and gasp for air. The air became thicker, sweeter, and the scent of roses registered in his brain.
Charger willed himself to resist whatever was coming. The smell of roses raced through his olfactory senses, setting off a series of chemical reactions that traveled directly to his brain, where the battle to reclaim his humanity was waged.
He held fast to his image of himself. The successes of his life as he measured them, paraded through his mind. The chemicals of the memory wipe process followed this parade of memories like an armoured guard, destroying old ingrained pathways of thinking, opening the way for new trains of thought and behaviour.
In the other bed, girdled by the other machine, when Granger smelled the roses, he thought, the process is chemical. He congratulated himself for his foresight. And directly on the heels of this, Granger's last conscious old-world thought was, this has got to be worth money.
Once the chemicals had done their work, the next phase of the procedure took over. A whole set of ideas, attitudes, and behaviour filled the chemically-wiped blankness of Granger's and Charger's minds, and by the time they were lifted off the beds, their eyes were clear, and they offered no resistance whatsoever.
*****
As soon as the response he had been waiting for crossed his computer screen, Marlson packed up his laptop, and set out to pick up Max. He had always known where Max had disappeared to, but not where the machine was.
Considerate of him to turn it on and leave it on long enough for us to track him, he thought. He jumped into the waiting vehicle, turned the ignition key, and started down the block towards Granger's house. He pulled into the driveway, turned off the engine, and went around to the back door. He entered the porch, and looked in the window to see if Max was in the kitchen. Max was still sitting hunched over the kitchen table, staring at information scrolling by on the laptop.
Marlson quietly opened the door, and stepped into the room before Max noticed.
“Max,” he said, “so glad I got the right house.”
Max fell off his chair, grabbing the taser before he knew who the intruder was.
Marlson switched on the light, and Max breathed a sigh of relief.
“Jim,” he said. “What are you doing here?”
“Yeah, I thought you might have heard Ol' Nelly wheezin' up the drive,” Marlson said, “but you were kinda busy with that gadget thing there.”
With his free hand Max closed the laptop, shutting it down.
“What are you doing here?” Max's voice held an edge to it. His hand flexed on the taser.
Jim dropped his down-home accent, straightened his shoulders, and took off the silly straw hat he had been forced to wear for the past few days.
“The game is over,” Jim said, “and you lose. Now hand over the taser.”
Max raised his arm, pointing the taser directly at Jim's chest.
“Who are you?” Max demanded.
“You know who I am, or at least where I'm from, Max,” Jim said.
Max shook his head, “So did they give you acting lessons, or is it your natural talent to be a country hick?”
“It doesn't take a master to fool people like you, Max. All you see is the surface of things. You take comfort in superficial stereotypes, even when they are not believable, except to people like you who don't want to have to think about what's under a straw hat, or what kind of person drives a truck like Ol' Nelly.” Jim shook his head.
“You buy into an image conjured by artists and the media who need to paint pictures in such broad strokes that the story appeals to the widest possible audience. The specifics aren't for you. They're too messy and take too much time. You were easy to fool, Max, because you wanted to be fooled. What you needed and wanted was a ride from somebody who wouldn't ask the right questions, and that's what we gave you. Along with enough rope to bring Charger to us.”
“Give me the taser, Max,” Jim said.
Max pressed the button, and an arc of light swept out from his hand towards Jim.
The light from the taser discharged itself in a spider web formation in front of Jim's body, arcing around him until the light glimmered and died. A second later, the force field set up by the device on Jim's wrist faded away.
“You can't hurt me with that,” Jim said, as he walked over to Max and twisted the taser out of Max's hand. Max slumped down in the chair.
“Now do I have your full attention?” Jim asked.
Max nodded. His eyes were dull and bleary as he fought off tears of frustration.
“So close,” Max whispered, “so close.”
“No, Max,” Jim said. “You were never close to what you think you wanted.”
“You don't know that,” Max said, his voice was weak and weary.
“Yes, I do.” Jim walked over to the table, and pulled up a chair next to where Max was sitting.
“How do you feel, physically?” Jim asked.
“As fit as anybody,” Max replied defensively.
“Should you?”
Max looked down at the table. No one knows, he thought. They can't know.
“Let me tell you a little story,” Jim said, waving away the protest from Max.
“It seems there was this young man in his final year of high school. He had a bright future ahead of him, his marks put him at the top of the class, and it was the last day before graduation, and the young lady he had asked to the dance had said yes. This young man had won a scholarship to university, and he was ready to go out and make his mark on the world, his way, not the way he had seen his father do it, but his way.”
“It was a bright spring morning, and he was running a little late that day. He had to get to school on time because he was the one helping to set up the gym for the ceremonies. He begged his Dad for the car to get him there on time, and for once his Dad relented and gave him the keys.”
“You know,” Jim said, “maybe he was just in too much of a hurry, or maybe it was the pressure and the anticipation of giving the valedictorian address. As he drove down the country road towards the school, he took his eyes off the road for just a second. Maybe the other driver just wasn't being careful. After all, he was on his way to work and he, too, was late.”
Max remembered the day vividly. It was a day he relived over and over in his dreams.
“As the young man rounded that corner, his side of the road was taken by the other driver and the two cars had nowhere to go except directly into each other.”
Jim paused, watching the effect his words were having on Max.
“The broken bones healed, the bruises went away, and the young man even made it to university that fall. It was eight months after the accident when he found out the full scope of his injuries. It started with a cold that wouldn't go away, and when he went to the doctor, the doctor ran all sorts of blood tests,” Jim said.
“And the young man couldn't believe when the test for AIDS came back positive,” Max's voice was hollow and haunting.
“I can only imagine how angry you must have been when you found out that you got this from the blood transfusion you needed to help save your life after that accident,” Jim said, putting his arm around Max's shoulder.
“So what has this got to do with anything,” Max asked bitterly, pushing Jim's arm away, “and how do you know all this anyway?”
“You told us, Max. When the lab first came through to our world, and you were barely conscious, when we tried to treat you, you screamed at us not to touch you, and you told us why. To me, and to the nurses and doctors who bandaged your wounds, you showed a conscience.” 
The words cut through Max's carefully constructed image of himself, slicing deep into his soul. He started to cry, tears welling in his eyes and running down his cheek.
“Don't worry,” Jim said softly. “You've been cured.” He waited for these words to sink in. “We did it.”
“There is no cure,” Max said bitterly. “The only thing I can hope for is to have enough money to buy me some time.”
“Not true,” Jim said. “Why don't you call your doctor and see if he has the results from the tests he took two days ago,” Jim suggested. He looked at the clock on the kitchen wall and saw that it was early Monday morning, “Er, three days ago.”
“But you know,” Jim said. “You know you're cured. You can feel it, but call him anyway.”
Max nodded. The boiling, festering resentment against a system that had callously erased the young man with a bright future and replaced him with a man preoccupied with the hope that money was the only answer to his needs, bubbled up to the surface. Max could not contain the bitterness and the anger that had long dominated his soul.
“Why?” Max screamed. “Why?” He got up from his chair, walked over to the kitchen door, and started punching holes in it. When the anger started to subside, he kicked it once or twice.
“Whoa,” Jim said. “Whoa.” He gently took Max by the shoulders and led him back to the kitchen table. He forced him to sit down.
“That's what your world is like,” Jim said. “It's run by the few for the benefit of the few. You're like that innocent average passenger, standing on the deck of a ship going down. There aren't enough lifeboats and somebody grabs you and throws you overboard, knowing that you can't swim, and keeping the life preserver for themselves. The vast majority of people on your world are innocent bystanders, they live their lives, try to eke out a living and survive. They're in the water waiting for rescue, without the tools necessary to keep them afloat for very long.”
“So why don't you give them the tools?” Max demanded.
“Is that the voice of a conscience I'm hearing?” Jim asked with a smile.
He waved away Max's response.
“We are,” Jim answered. “But we have to do it our way. Look at what you would have done with our technology had you done what you intended to do? You bought into the system that nearly killed you, and most people do. Before we can share our technology with your world, the people themselves have to decide not to go along with the agenda of the powerful and the wealthy. It's that simple, and it's that complicated at the same time.”
“Sounds like an excuse to me,” Max said.
“It's not,” Jim answered. “It's just going to take time, and time is where you could help.”
“Me?” Max asked.
“You.”
“We have a great deal to discuss before you catch that flight tomorrow, and you won't be going alone,” Jim said.
*****
Callum led Jessie, Terry, Dave, and Frank into her office. Arthur and Starr followed. They were all silent, awed and frightened by what they had seen happen to Granger and Charger.
“So you've had a chance to talk to Granger and Charger,” Callum looked at Dave to confirm this. He nodded, “What do you think?”
“I think it's the scariest thing I've ever seen in my life,” Dave said. “They're totally changed. They don't remember what they did yesterday.” He paused. “What about all the scientific training that Granger's had? Is that gone too?”
“Some of it yes,” Callum answered, “but the capacity of his mind is still there. He still has an exceptional mind. It's just focused differently now.”
She paused and looked around the room at the faces of each of the first worlders. She could read their fear.
“Would you rather we put them in jail, or worse yet executed them to put an end to their greed, to stop them from turning our world into yours?” she asked.
She turned and looked at Dave.
“Do think your world is ready for technology that can take a mind and bend it to the will of whoever has their finger on the button of that machine?” 
“No,” Dave said, shaking his head, “definitely no.”
“I thought you would see it that way,” Dr. Callum said.
“But before you put me through that machine, I want to know how long it's going to take before our world can become like yours. Will it happen in my lifetime?” Dave asked.
“We're not sure, but things are beginning to change more rapidly than we had anticipated,” Callum said.
“Your world is entering the information age, and like every other age, those who have the money, and control the resources, are trying to manage this emergence to their benefit. But in this age, the coin of knowledge and creativity will not be so easily managed, not when information can be sent around the world in bits and bytes. No one is going to be able to control the flow of data and the free exchange of ideas. Your world now has the opportunity for people to speak directly to other people, unfettered by distance or censured by those who control the airwaves or the printing presses. It's already started. I'm sure you can see the effect that your Internet is having on all the old structures of society and the way they ordered your world to their benefit.”
Dave nodded.
“But there's danger there, too,” Dave said. “Access is limited to those with money to buy it and the equipment needed to use it.”
“We're working on that,” Callum smiled. “Actually, Charger is going to help us, although he won't know it.”
“All right,” Dave said. He looked at Frank, who nodded back at him.
“We're ready, but I do believe that even though you can take away my memories, you've sowed the seeds of discontent within me. I'm not sure that can be erased.”
“You may be right,” Callum said, as she led them to the procedure room.
When she came back, Jessie and Terry were ready for their turn. Without saying a word they got up from their chairs and started towards the door.
“No, stay for a minute,” Callum said. “There's more I need to tell you.”
“As I told Arthur earlier, when that lab came through the wormhole, it created a third world.” Jessie gasped at this revelation but before she could start the barrage of questions that sprung into her mind, Callum put up her hand.
“No, there are no people there, but everything else is. That world is ready for humans. Everything humans need is there.”
“This third world presents us with a unique opportunity. We have been trying to move people and technology into your world in such a way that they can change it, but it's a long and slow process. What we have decided to do, is populate this new world with a mixture of people from our world and yours, and see what kind of a world they can make together. Granger and Charger are going to be sent there.”
“But that's not fair,” Terry said. “They get to start with a clean slate on a brand new world without the baggage they happily carried and created on ours.”
“No, but it will be justice. This world will be one of their own making, and with people from our world to watch over it, they just might have enough time left in their lifetimes to redeem themselves for the damage they have inflicted on your world,” Dr. Callum said.
She chuckled, “I promise to send you pictures of them with calluses on their fingers and dirt on their faces. That's the beauty here. Granger won't get his ivory tower, and Charger won't be able to buy it. This world will be shaped from the bottom up, and everyone will do what is required - starting with the manual labour that's needed to get things started. Oh, they'll have technology to help, but, to plant a seed, and cultivate the plant that grows, requires work.”
Jessie had sat silent throughout the conversation.
“But what about us?” she asked quietly. “What are your plans for us.”
“Simply put, we want you to help us,” Callum said. “We need people like you to work with us on your world.”
“Are you saying you trust us?” Terry asked.
“You won't be going back alone,” Callum said. “We will be in constant touch with you. We'll even let you come back and visit from time to time, as well as visit this brave new world we're creating together.”
Terry and Jessie nodded. That choice had been made by each of them long before it was ever offered by Callum.
“It's time, people,” Starr announced. “We all have to go back.” He handed Arthur a folder full of documents. “This is your new assignment.”
Arthur opened it and scanned the papers inside. He closed the folder and looked at Jessie and Terry.
“Looks like I'm your new boss,” he said.

Chapter 32

After Harvey mailed off his package, he went to bed and slept like a baby. When Monday morning arrived, he woke, refreshed from his dreams, and ready to face the onerous task he had for that day.
“It's the unemployment line again,” Harvey said as he shaved.
He was almost ready when he heard the sound of Bert beeping his horn outside. As Harvey closed and locked his front door, Bert beeped again.
“C'mon, move it,” Bert yelled from his car. “I don't want to stand in line all day.”
Harvey jumped into the back seat, said good morning to Barb, and then, “Well, what are you waiting for?” as he slapped Bert on the back of his head.
Bert was tempted to hit the brakes hard, but he was halfway out of Harvey's driveway, and it was his own car he was driving.
As they started down the road, Harvey hummed a tune that had been travelling through his mind and his dreams.
Bert reached over to the radio in the car. “Let's get some real music,” he said as he turned on the radio.
The music blared for a second, then ended in a soulful trail, and the announcer came on with the news. He ran through the national and international news quickly. Bert, Barb, and Harvey half-listened to the usual garbage that passed for information, waiting for the local content. There was very little about the lab and what had happened.
Bert was about to change stations when he heard the announcer say, “And yesterday in the city another drunk driver claimed yet another innocent life.”
Bert upped the volume on the radio.
“Elsie Carter, an eighty-year old lifetime resident of the city, was run down and killed by a driver who's blood alcohol was double the legal limit allowed. She was a member of the Christian World Church on Elm Street, and . . .”
Tears filled Barb's eyes. She looked over at Bert and saw his eyes were tearing up too.
“What?” Harvey said from the back seat. “Turn it up.”
By then, Elsie's obituary was over, and the announcer had moved on to the sports news. Bert pulled the car over to the side of the road.
“That's our Elsie, isn't it?” Bert asked Barb. She nodded, shocked by the news, stunned into silence. As they sat there, the shock and the tears gave way to anger.
“Why?” Barb asked. “It was a Sunday for Chrissake. Everything's closed down tight. Couldn't that jerk just have stayed home and got drunk?”
“It's the way this world is,” Harvey said glumly from the backseat.
No one said another word all the way to the unemployment office. By the time they reached the office, the parking lot was full and Bert pulled his car into a space at the very far end of the lot. They walked like wooden soldiers through the lot to the back doors. The fresh spring air and the bright sunshine seemed out of place to them.
They weren't the first ones there. The line had already swollen, and they knew it was going to take at least an hour to sign up for benefits. While they were patiently waiting in line, Bert looked at the people around him, all waiting for their turn to apply.
“Have you noticed that most of the people here have a little touch of grey in their hair and a few wrinkles on their face?” Bert asked Barb quietly.
She looked up and down the lines, scanning faces, taking a mental count.
“You're right,” she said, “I'd say at least three-quarters of the people in line for benefits are middle-aged.”
“Now take a look at the people who are on the other side of the counter. 
They're mostly young, don't you think?”
In all the times that Harvey had applied for unemployment, and that number was considerable, he had never noticed the age differences between those asking for benefits and those who processed their requests.
“But what does it mean?” Harvey asked.
Before Bert could answer, he saw someone he knew enter the office.
“Dan,” he called out. “Over here.”
“Did you hear about Elsie?” he asked. They nodded.
“May's really upset,” Dan said. “She didn't know her well, but Elsie sure made an impression on May, and on my girls, too. It's so sad,” he said.
“When's the funeral?” Barb asked.
“Thursday,” Dan said.
*****
It was mid-morning before the rising sun's rays filtered through the trees and bushes that covered the car. Dave sighed as the light warmed him and tried to turn over. When he bumped up against the steering wheel, he jolted himself fully awake. He opened his eyes, massaging them with his fingers to wipe away the bleariness, and when the shock of where he actually was hit him, the pleasant dreams he had enjoyed during his sleep drained away, leaving only a sense of themselves behind in his mind.
“What the hell?” Dave said. “Where the hell am I?”
He looked around, trying to get his bearings, trying to understand why he was in the middle of the bush. He checked his watch, punching the button that called up the date.
“Christ, it's Monday,” he said, and began checking for the beer bottles he assumed must be either littering the ground outside the car, or on the floor of the car.
“But I don't feel hungover,” Dave muttered, as he got out of the car and stretched fully. “A little stiff, but no hangover. I couldn't have gone on another jag. It's been three years. I just couldn't have,” he mumbled to himself.
The air outside was crisp and green. As Dave stood there thinking about where he was and how he had gotten there, no solutions or answers even haunted his conscious mind. He got back in the car and headed for work.
*****
Frank woke up stiff and sore, and more than a little ticked off. In the seconds before he came awake completely, he heard himself muttering, “UFOs, goddamit, there's no such thing, and Dave's gonna pay for this.”
He shook his head to clear it, as his eyes focused on where he was. To Frank, the scene outside might just as well have been an alien landscape. He got out of the car and walked around it, inspecting the brush, the ruts in the road, and his car for dents and scratches. There were a few dings on it, he was sure wasn't there before, and began adding up his bill for his boss.
There wasn't anywhere to turn around. Frank got in the car, turned the key and was grateful that the car started. He put it in reverse, and began backing down the road. It was a slow and tortuous process. The bottom of the car scraped the hump in between the ruts, and Frank winced every time it did, but he finally found a wide spot on the road, turned the car around, and the going got easier.
By noon, he had made it to the back of the lab, and his memory of his last assignment built up an anger inside. He reached for his cell phone, called work, and demanded to speak to Dave. Dave wasn't in yet either, so Frank decided that today was a good day to call in sick. For some reason Frank couldn't name or trace, he wanted to be with his family today. He checked his watch.
“If I move it, I can get home before the kids leave for school. We can all take a holiday today,” he said, as he put the car in gear and headed home. He battled his way through the media crowded around the highway turn off to Pitwell's Place, running this gauntlet without comment, and went home to hug his wife and children.

*****
Max hung up the phone, sat back down at Granger's kitchen table. He took a long sip of coffee.
“You're right. The good doctor says that my blood sample came out completely clean, and he wants me back for more tests,” Max told Jim.
“He's thrilled that the new medicine he's been giving me is working so well,” Max said wryly, “and he wants to document everything.”
Jim laughed. “I'm sure he does.”
“Max, I'm curious,” Jim asked. “Now that you know you're cured and who did it, does it change anything for you?”
Max didn't respond.
“What if you had known before you stole the eagle, before you and Granger tried to cut deals here with technology from our world, would it have made a difference?” Jim looked at Max, but Max couldn't meet his gaze.
“I was only playing by the rules I was given,” Max said defensively. “You gotta play the cards you're dealt in life.”
“Are you sure about that?” Jim asked. “And just who gets to make the rules and who gets to deal that deck? Doesn't the deck belong to everybody?”
Max sighed. “It's real easy for you isn't it? You've never had to live in this world. You've never had to deal with trying to make a living, trying to earn enough money so that you can eat, and live, and have a decent life. I was only playing the game the way it was taught to me.”
“There's the rub,” Jim said, and Max was surprised by Jim's reference to an old Shakespearean play.
“I know where that expression is from,” Jim said. “But in any case, you probably were taught that's the way to play the game. You start as a child, watching your father make 'sacrifices' so that his children can have a 'better' life, but by the time the child gets to be the adult, your life becomes another sacrifice for another potential future. It is a myth as old as this world.”
Jim's words hit Max's inner core so directly and truthfully that Max shuddered at the memories they evoked.
“Myth or not, it's the way the world is,” Max said.
“Maybe the way it is now, but not the way it has to stay,” Jim said.
“Be honest with yourself, Max.” Jim continued, “You bought into the rules of the game. You allowed yourself to believe that somebody else always gets to make the rules so that your only hope is to play the game better than the one's that are currently at the top.”
“How do you figure that?” Max's anger began to show itself.
“You stole the eagle. You helped Granger because there was money in it for you. Even when you knew that Granger and Charger had already been taken, you still tried to angle yourself into their shoes with technology that you knew would be used by others like them to keep you, and others like you, under their thumb.”
Max thought about this. There were circles within circles of action and consequence in Jim's words that Max didn't want to deal with. He threw his arms up in the air.
“So what's going to happen to me now? Am I going back to your world, too? Will you take my memories from me, too?” Max didn't expect an answer. “And if you can do that, why not just bring your fleet into our world and take it over? Wouldn't that be better for everyone?”
Jim laughed.
“That would make us conquerors and you the conquered. We don't work that way.”
“So?” Max asked.
“What will happen all depends on you, Max,” Jim said, “and what you want to see happen. How important is money to you?”
“Depends on which world I'm on,” Max answered flippantly.
“Which world would you rather be on?” Jim asked.
Max was about to answer “this one: when his tongue got tied up and silenced by his thought processes. For once, Max had to stop and think. The conflicting emotions and ideas played themselves out on Max's face as he stared into the dregs of his coffee.
“Is there room for me on either world?” Max asked, and then answered part of the question.
“I don't see myself on your world. I don't see myself fitting in anywhere,” Max answered. “I have ambitions. I want to be somebody.”
“Do you really want to be somebody? Or do you just want to make your life count for something?” Jim asked quietly.
Max didn't answer.
“On your world, there's a saying that whoever ends up with the most toys at the end of his life wins. Another myth, Max,” Jim said, “because it's the people who make the toys that win that game.”
“Your whole world is predicated and defined by things. Things you can afford and things you can't afford, and the difference is supposed to be your personal measure of self-worth. Max. You didn't always believe that,” Jim said gently, “did you?”
Max shook his head. Those first few months of university, before he had learned he had AIDS, had been among the happiest in his life. His philosophy courses, taken only as a fill-in for credits, had bombarded him with the words and thoughts of long-dead philosophers reaching across the centuries from their graves, speaking about the human triumphs and tragedies that bonded man to himself in the imperfections of everything that is human.
“Everything that is human,” Max muttered, and he could recall the keen-eyed look the professor had given the class when he pronounced these words at the end of a lecture.
“You're talking about perfection, and when it comes to humans, there's no such thing,” Max said.
“No, we're talking about choices. Human choices that my ancestors made thousands of years ago on my world. Choices which are just now being presented to your world,” Jim said.
“Choices that can be made by individuals, or countries, or worlds,” Jim continued. “Choices which are being offered to you right now.”
“If I choose this world, do I have to walk around in sack cloth and ashes for the rest of my life?” Max asked.
“Only if you want to.” Jim chuckled at that image. “I don't always ride around in Ol' Nelly and wear this straw hat.” He plunked the hat down on the table.
“You know,” Jim said, “part of being human, and you are you know, is the need to prove oneself by rising to the challenges that life presents. The problem on this world is that most of the efforts of people rising to meet life's challenges have been parcelled into little lots, sold to the highest bidders, and the results of that effort repackaged to the very people who met the challenges in the first place. We have a challenge for you - to help fix this world for everyone, help create a world that is better for everyone.”
“How?” Max asked.
“It's the information age, Max, and that's where the battle is forming. This world has got to look at itself the way it really is, warts and all. Usually, it’s the big wigs who get their faces on TV, telling everybody what good things they do. You don’t often hear about a community that pulls together and cleans up that section of a creek that runs through their neighbourhood. Or the people who help out at the food bank, or the scientist who won’t go along with creating another pill just for profit, or the government employee who won’t rubber stamp the cover up of an industrial spill. You never hear about the things that people do to make their corner of this earth a little better. They are never talked about, or held up as the heroes they are.”
“Don’t you see, Max?” Jim asked. “It’s how and where the camera has been pointed that tells the story. But now, in this time, these stories can be told at a global level, face to face, person to person, over the Internet, and no one will be able to stop it.”
Jim paused, waiting for some kind of reaction from Max. Max just sat there head hung low, eyes avoiding Jim.
“Your world and the vast majority of people in it are hungry for change. It doesn't matter where you live. People are beginning to want things like a cleaner world, better education, better health care, and a life that contains dignity and purpose.” Jim paused to take a breath.
“That's where you come in. Do you want to make a difference or do you want to get your pieces of gold from those who buy and sell countries and continents, and who think of you as small change?”
Max was silent for a few minutes. Questions raced through his mind, angles and profits and measurements of success whirred around in his brain, but everything came back to one bottom line - what do I want? Max asked himself. Only two days ago that answer would have been quick and simple - he wanted a cure. Now, Max wondered, now what do I want?
Max was so deep in thought that he didn't hear the car pull into Granger's driveway and park beside Ol' Nelly. He didn't hear the footsteps on the back porch or the creak of the door. His mind was busy and far away.
“Max,” Jim said, “it's time to go to the airport. Our transportation just arrived.” Jim turned and said hello to Arthur, Jessie, and Terry as they walked into the kitchen.
“Max,” Terry said, disgust in her voice. “What's he doing here?”
“He's either catching a plane with us, or he's catching an eagle back to my world,” Jim said, as he looked at Max.
Max lifted his head and looked straight at Terry. His gaze was long and steady.
“You know,” he said to her, ignoring everyone else in the room, “you haven't changed since high school. You look the same now as you did then.”
Jessie and Arthur looked at each other, shrugging their shoulders.
“Well, you sure changed, Max,” Terry said, anger and bitterness in her voice. “What was it - going to university? Were all your high school buddies, the people you grew up with, the people you had fun with, not good enough for your new circle of very important people? Was I just good enough to go out riding dune buggies? What was it, Max? Was it us, or was it you?”
Whether it was a little mental prompting from Jim, or just that singular moment of truth that rarely occurs to the self-absorbed, Max could see himself through Terry's eyes, in blinding colour and stark reality. Max didn't like what he saw. He opened his mouth as if he were about to speak, but Terry wasn't ready for his answer just yet. The emotions that had been simmering and festering inside her for ten years spilled their bile in the only weapon she had - words.
“The hours I spent at that hospital, waiting for word, any word, but your dad wouldn't let me see you, the doctor wouldn't talk to me. I waited, and I cried, and I worried, but you were totally insulated in the perfect little world your dad's position could buy.”
Tears formed in Max's eyes. He got up from the table, walked over to Terry, and put his arms around her. She struggled, but he wouldn't let go.
“I'm sorry,” he whispered, “I'm sorry,” he said as he stroked her hair.
Terry tried harder to push him away, but Max wasn't about to let go. He finally knew what he wanted, and he knew what he was going to have to do in order to get it. He forced Terry to sit in the chair next to him. He drew his chair up almost touching hers, took her hands in his, and started to explain himself.
“I was lied to,” Max started. “When I was lying in that hospital with a broken leg, a broken arm, and a concussion, I was so doped up I didn't know what was going on, and by the time I was on the mend, I called you, and you wouldn't even talk to me.”
“So I got on with things, went to university. I thought we would connect later on, but something happened to me,” Max said, stroking Terry's hand gently.
Terry didn't even want to look at Max. She kept her eyes on the floor.
Max took one hand, softly placed it under her chin, and lifted her face until their eyes met.
“I got AIDS from the blood transfusions they gave me,” he said simply and quietly.
Terry gasped - the angry edges of her face began to soften with compassion.
“Oh, Max,” she said. “I'm so sorry.”
“Don't be,” Max said. “They” he pointed at Jim and Arthur, “cured me.”
Terry's mouth fell open. For once, she didn't have any words at her disposal.
Max slammed a fist on the table. “I've spent ten years trying to deal with this in the only way I knew how to deal with it.”
“It's been ten long years of isolation, fear, and faint hopes of cures,” Max said.
“That's typical of your world,” Arthur said. “Not just people who have aids or other modern diseases. Your world keeps people apart, divided between those who have resources and recourse, from those who do not. That's what we want to change, Max.”
“So is it going to be a jet or an eagle?” Jim asked Max.
Max looked at Terry, and this time Terry looked back. She smiled, and put her hand on top of Max's.
“It's going to be the jet,” he said to Jim. And then to Terry, “You still owe me one date to the prom.”
Terry laughed, reached out her arms for Max, and it was more than a few minutes before they could pry the two apart and head off to the airport.
*****
For all its brightness and glorious sunshine, Thursday was a cool spring day. It carried the promise of warmth to come, but never quite delivered on that promise, making the earth in the cemetery where Elsie was going to be buried, wet from a thaw not yet complete. In the early afternoon, Bert, Barb, Harvey, and Dan and his family, gathered around the hole in the ground that would be Elsie's final resting-place on this earth. They stood as a group, separate and distinct from Pastor Chesholm and his followers, mourning the loss of Elsie in their own way, far from the centre of the religious storm the Pastor was trying to create over Elsie's death.
As the casket was lowered into the ground, Chesholm beat his breath into a fiery crescendo of condemnation. Barb backed away from the mourners around the coffin. The rest of her friends followed until the sermon was faint enough and far enough away not to intrude on their grief.
“She was a wonderful person,” Dora said between tears. “I am really going to miss her.”
May had held back the emotions for as long as she could, but the tears started running down her cheek. She reached into the pocket of her jacket, looking for a tissue to stem the flow and as her fingers poked through the recesses, she found something she had forgotten all about. She pulled out the baggies that contained the seeds Elsie had given her. To May, it felt like this gift had come from another lifetime.
She pulled them out, read over the labels that Elsie had carefully applied to each bag, reading the directions for planting and maintaining the future flowers that each bag contained.
May couldn't hold back any more tears. They flowed in streams that couldn't be dammed.
Wendy reached for one of the bags May held, looked at it, and smiled.
“We're going to have a garden this year,” she said.
Through her tears, May smiled sadly and softly. She knelt down and hugged Wendy tightly. “I think we will, and we will always remember Elsie whenever we look at the flowers.”
Harvey felt the awkwardness of the moment, and had to look away. He turned and watched as the group around the burial site began to disperse. The pastor had either finished his sermon or run out of air, because those mourners began to wander down the paths in between the rows of markers, heading for the parking lot.
It's over, he thought. They put the body in the ground, and that's it. He looked at the fresh mound of earth covering the casket and the body of someone he had known, and even though this was not the first funeral he had attended, it was one that seemed to have a poignancy to it that it shouldn't have.
“She was eighty,” Harvey muttered to himself. “She lived a good, long life. And if she truly believed in her God, then she's gone to a better place.”
None of this logic made Harvey feel any better about anything. He looked around the cemetery. It was empty of everyone but him and his friends, and the two young men who had finished covering up the coffin. They stood leaning on their shovels, waiting for the delivery of the pieces of sod that would cover that mound of earth.
Harvey noticed a shiny black car pull up to the entrance of the path that led to Elsie's grave and watched as three people got out.
“Harvey,” Bert said, “we're all going over to Dora's place. She's setting out a lunch for everyone.”
“Sure,” Harvey said absentmindedly. His sight stayed fixed on the three people walking up the path. He noted that one of them was carrying an armful of flowers.
They kept on the path that Harvey and his friends were standing on, and as they neared where Harvey was, he could see the faces of these visitors.
“I know you,” Harvey said out loud, catching Bert and Barb's attention. They turned and looked at the three people coming up the path.
“You worked at the observatory, didn't you?” Harvey's question was more of a demand than a request.
“Jessie, so good to see you,” Barb said, stepping in front of Harvey. “Are you here for Elsie's funeral?”
Jessie nodded. “I'm sorry I didn't make it on time. She was such a lovely lady,” she said, holding out the flowers.
“It's right over here,” Barb said, leading Jessie to the gravesite.
Wendy scrambled out from under the hug her mother was giving her, and walked over to where Arthur Menlow stood.
“Hello,” she said.
Arthur kneeled down on one knee next to her. “And how are you today?”
“Fine,” Wendy answered, “and you?” 
May didn't understand this exchange at all. Just the fact that Wendy had gone to speak to a stranger was something new and a little frightening.
“Wendy,” she said, the warning clear in her voice.
Arthur stood up and, with hand extended walked over to May, “You must be mom,” he said.
“I'm Arthur Menlow, with Braxter Corp?”
The name meant nothing to May, Dan, Bert, or Harvey.
“I'm with the company that is studying what happened at the lab,” he said. “This is Terry Jones, she's manager of our public information department.”
“You were a reporter with the Chronicle weren't you?” May asked.
“Until this week, yes,” Terry answered, “and Jessie Berber over there,” she pointed at Elsie's grave, “was one of the scientists working on the lab.”
Harvey stared at Arthur, thinking “I know him, I've talked to him, but where?”
Arthur was aware of Harvey's intent interest in him, but it was Dan he turned to.
“Actually, we are setting up a division of Braxter Corp here in Stoneridge, and we're accepting applications from people,” he said.
“I don't know what your company does, but I'd be willing to bet that your employees need to have at least a high school diploma to even apply. I'm from the drop-out school myself,” Dan said.
“You might be surprised at what we're looking for,” Arthur said as he reached into his pocket and pulled out a business card.
“Braxter Corp is going in a whole new direction,” he said. “Our new CEO Mark Starr has decided to invest in people, and that means testing people to find their strengths. With a combination of formal education and in-house training, we're looking to provide opportunities for people who are willing to challenge themselves.”
Dan's hands shook as he took the card. All he could do was nod his head and mumble a heartfelt thank you.
He will call; Wendy flashed the thought to Menlow who winked back at Wendy.
“Well,” Dora said, “we have to get back to my house. People will be coming over,” she turned to Menlow, “you're welcome to come if you want.”
“I would be pleased to come,” he answered, “but I need to talk to Bert, Harvey, and Barb for a few minutes.”
Arthur waited until Dora, and Dan and his family were well out of earshot before he led Bert, Barb, and Harvey to a bench at the end of the row.
Before he could say anything, Barb said simply, “I need to know, and I know you can tell me.”
Arthur wasn't surprised by Barb's demand. He had expected that of all those besides Wendy, Barb would retain the most of her memory. Both Bert and Harvey turned and stared at Barb.
“We all need to know,” Harvey demanded as he got up from the bench and started to pace back and forth in front of it.
“I agree with Barb. You can help us. You have to help us,” Harvey said. He took a step towards Arthur, one hand raised as though he wanted to strike out.
Arthur held up his hands in a plea and nodded his head, “Yes, I'll help you.” He walked over to Harvey and looked him straight in the eye. He grabbed Harvey by both arms and concentrated. As Arthur reached into Harvey's mind, for a split second the world stood still for Harvey. Arthur reached past Harvey's consciousness, deep into the recesses of Harvey's memories. The world Harvey could see through his open eyes blurred and then vanished, and from the fog that followed came visions of a world so clean and fresh that Harvey could almost smell the difference between the world he had visited and the one he was in.
“Log cabin, log cabin,” Harvey yelled as Arthur pulled the repressed memories from the tomb the memory wipe had exiled them to. As Arthur's mind let go of Harvey's, Harvey staggered and fell on the soft grass growing over one of the gravesites.
When Arthur turned to Bert, Bert put up his hand to stop him.
“It won't hurt. It just takes you by surprise,” Arthur said.
“It's all right,” Barb said. “Just relax.”
Bert slumped back on the bench and Arthur retrieved his memories of the second world.
“Why?” Harvey asked weakly. “Why did you just bring us back here, and why make us remember now?”
“Choices had to be made when Granger stole the eagle,” Arthur said matter-of-factly. “Choices I didn't agree with, but had no control over.”
“But why torture us now with these memories of something we can't have?” Bert asked.
“Because there are more choices to be made,” Arthur said.
“The accident at your lab actually created a third world that is perfect, but without people,” Arthur said.
“That should keep it perfect,” Harvey said bitterly.
“No,” Arthur said. “Every world needs people, and this world needs people like you.”
Harvey was confused.
“Do you want your log cabin in a pristine mountain setting?” Arthur asked.
This was a no-brainer for Harvey. “Of course.”
“Then that's what I am offering the three of you.” Arthur smiled as he said this. “We are going to populate that world with a combination of people from your world and ours.”
“So who decides who gets the keys,” Bert asked. “You. Your people?”
“To a degree, yes. But I suspect with the new direction Braxter Corp is taking now that we own it, there may be more than a few others from your world that will either be offered a choice to help build this third world or will be sentenced to it after a memory wipe.”
“That's where Granger and Charger are now,” Terry explained, “and they seem to be taking to their new positions quite well.”
She chuckled. “Who knew Granger could be so enthusiastic about farming?”
“That world will need people who aren't afraid of a little hard work. It won't be pioneer days all over again. There will be technology there,” Arthur said. “Do you think you're up to it?”
Harvey didn't think. He just nodded, then looked at Bert and Barb.
“There's nothing for us here,” she said. “No jobs, no hope of jobs, nothing.”
Bert nodded his okay.
“You will have two days to get everything settled you want to get settled. Then we'll pick you up and take you to your new home.”
In his mind, Harvey was already hewing the trees to make his new home. “Timber,” he muttered to himself.
*****
For the next two weeks, Dave sifted through every article he could find that had been written about the storm and the accident at the neutrino observatory. The articles became fewer and far between as the media stars packed up their bags and cameras and went back to their head offices. There wasn't even enough of a skeleton crew left at the highway turnoff to Pitwell's Place to stretch across half a lane of a narrow two lane country road.
He closed the file in disgust and filed it in the bottom drawer of his desk.
Life goes on, he thought to himself, and so does my job.
He picked up the latest press releases and started going through them, assigning them to reporters for follow-ups. He was halfway through the pile and was about to toss one of the releases out when a picture caught his eye.
“I know that person,” he said out loud, and started reading the press release in earnest.
“Braxter Corp today announced that a new division of its company is going to be set up in Stoneridge. This division will be responsible for the study of the neutrino observatory and the accident that occurred there. It will also be responsible for a long term environmental study into the practice of mining, that will include land reclamation and new experimental farming methods.” Dave read the caption under the photo.
Division president Arthur Menlow and Science Research Officer Jessie Berber.
He looked at the picture long and hard. Menlow, I know that name and I know that face. Dave reached far back into his memory and came up with nothing more than a gut feeling that he knew more than he thought he did, and Dave generally trusted his gut feelings.
He read the rest of the press release, looking for the contact name and number that always accompanied a press release, and when he saw it, he laughed.
“You're lucky, Dave,” he said as he picked up the phone and dialled Terry's new work number.
When Frank heard Dave laugh, he looked up from his desk.
I'm glad somebody's having a good day, Frank thought. He looked at the huge pile of news clips on his desk, groaning at the sheer weight of having had to read every little report of anything resembling a UFO sighting within a hundred miles of Stoneridge. Frank sighed, leaned back in his chair, and closed his eyes for a few minutes.
He was just about to doze off when somebody plunked something down on his desk.
“Thought you might like to read this,” the delivery boy said.
Frank looked at the copy of the World Wide Watcher the boy had dropped on his desk.
“I don't read that garbage,” Frank said as he picked it up and started to throw it in the garbage.
“Hang on. You told me you wanted every reference to UFOs. Well, there's one in there, and it refers to not just Stoneridge, but somebody who's supposed to live here.”
Frank straightened himself up in his chair, picked up the paper, and turned to the page the boy indicated and read the editor's note that preceded the article.
“The following is what really happened at a neutrino observatory in Stoneridge, Canada. The author, Harvey Butler, is one of the people who were abducted by aliens and experimented on. He documented his experiences, and claims that there were others who underwent abduction at the same time he did. When the editors tried to contact Mr. Butler, they found no trace of him. His apartment was empty, his phone was disconnected, and his neighbours hadn't seen him for a full week.”
Every word of Harvey's five-page memoir of what he thought had happened was reproduced and repackaged in the way only a tabloid newspaper could and would. Frank knew the name. Butler was a janitor at the observatory, and Frank had interviewed him briefly by telephone the day after the lab had returned. He got out his address book, found Harvey's phone number, and dialled it. The electronic operator informed him that the number was no longer in service.
“Look at this,” Frank said as he slapped the copy of the Watcher down on Dave's desk.
Dave's hands twitched as he read it.
“What do you think?” Frank asked.
“I think we need to find Mr. Butler,” Dave said. “I have a gut feeling that Mr. Butler may be the key to the truth about what happened at the observatory.”
“And it's a story that needs to be told,” Dave said.
