The Venetou

A Story by
Philip R Benge

Smashwords Edition

***************

Published by
Philip R Benge on Smashwords

The Venetou
Copyright Philip R Benge 2014
Cover Art Copyright Philip R Benge 2014

Thank you for downloading this eBook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form, with the exception of quotes used in reviews.

Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.


The Venetou
Contents
Prologue
Chapter One: The Vampires of Retem
Chapter Two: The Survey Ship from Earth
Chapter Three: New Caledonia
Chapter Four: Professor Collinson Arrives
Chapter Five: The Hunt is On
Chapter Six: The Morang Corporation
More Books by the Author


Prologue

The Venetou were a strong vicious carnivorous race, one who looked very similar to the human beings of Earth. The Venetou though, had evolved to supplement their normal diet by also living off the life-force of other creatures, even though the native wildlife only possessed it in meagre amounts. There was also another difference, for their two canine teeth resembled those of Count Dracula, only they used theirs much as a viper does, to inject a venom into their prey. This toxin paralysed all bodily movements including that of the larynx, this is so their prey could not scream out an alarm. To add to all their other advantages there was only a slender chance of their prey seeing them, for the Venetou could blend into the background, for it used hypnotism to prevent their prey from seeing them. They were only fully visible to their prey when they were feeding upon it, then they returned to their normal colour. When engaged on a hunt they spoke to one another telepathically, which helped them in their search for their prey and kept the noise of their approach to a minimum. To combat these obvious advantages possessed by the Venetou, the many senses possessed by their prey evolved too, and so the Venetou still had to work hard to find a meal. The Venetou were now an intelligent being that had taken the next step up in their evolutionary chain, they were now a fully sentient creature, and as with Man, one that was at the very top of the food chain.

**********

Chapter One

The Vampires of Retem

Five large war canoes were blown towards a large island continent, arriving finally just off shore one of its long sandy beaches. The war canoes were sturdy vessels and had been built to go to sea, they were seventy feet long, six feet wide at the middle and narrowing at either end. The paddlers sat on thwarts, twenty men on each side, paddling with long paddles, some five feet long, to the rhythm of the drummer who stood in the centre of the canoe. The steersman sitting in the stern had a paddle nine feet long, and he was in command of the canoe. They carried their food and weapons by their feet, and if necessary, they slept where they paddled, although they rarely stayed out at sea during the night. Each canoe also sported a large sail, used when the wind was right, not too weak, not to stormy. Aboard the canoes in total, there were one hundred warriors, they had been returning from a battle against an enemy that lived on a large island one day`s sail away from their own land. Caught by a powerful storm they had been driven southwards, and when they all feared death was near at hand, they had sighted land. The war chief, Cherian, was aboard the lead canoe and he found to his delight that they had come across an enormous new world, one which he decided to name Saviour, as it had saved his life and those of his warriors.
For the small group of Venetou that lived near to this beach the natural order changed dramatically, although they did not know it yet, they did smile though when this large new animal arrived. The warriors were about the same size and build as the Venetou, slightly under five feet tall, muscular and obviously intelligent, however, the Venetou did not notice this last attribute, they only saw the men as a welcome addition to their diet.
The newly arrived survivors of the storm immediately took to this beautiful land, they split in to two groups. One group went out to hunt with their bows, and they were very successful, for the native animals had never seen a man before. The second group began to fashion rough shelters, so as to keep out the weather that had brought them here. The shelters were built in a half circle, as was the custom of their tribe, and were meant as a temporary shelter only. When the first group returned, the warriors cooked the meat that the hunters had brought back, ate their meals and spoke about the many animals upon this land, they considered it a paradise. As the night was almost upon them by the time their shelters were ready, the warriors prepared a line of fires which they set along the middle of the line that ran from either end of the shelters, and this was to ward off any local carnivorous beasts who might want to attack them. The next item on their agenda was to prepare for their much-needed sleep, for they were exhausted by their terrible ordeal, so they cut some of the tall grass that grew nearby and they used it for their beds. Finally, the warriors lit their fires and went to their hard beds seeking escape from the exhaustion of the last few days.
The nine Venetou made up an extended family, six adults and three children, and as the warriors tried to get some sleep, the Venetou lay hidden amongst the undergrowth, and just outside the ring of light thrown out by the fires. Safely hidden here they watched their unsuspecting prey, the Bora, as the Venetou called their new prey, the large ones, waiting for them to go to sleep so that they might move in and feed upon them. Finally, the warriors fell asleep, however, it was a sleep that was tormented by nightmares, did their subconscious minds somehow know that evil lay nearby.
The alpha male of this small group of Venetou quietly sniffed the air blowing towards him on the light cool breeze, it brought the scent of the Bora to him, one that comprised mostly of stale sweat, then he caught the scent of something far more interesting. It was one other lesser almost indistinct smell, it told him of the large amount of the life-force possessed by each of the Bora, his pulse quickened, for if his senses were correct, then one such Bora would provide enough food for a Venetou to last him for one whole day. He looked to his older son, the second of the three adult males, and saw that he too had breathed in the delicious scent, he saw the excitement in his sons’ eyes as he too saw how their lives might be about to change for the better.
It was only because of the lifetime of experience possessed by the alpha male that he was able to hold himself in check, but he had to threaten his small tribe to stop them for moving in too soon, for they had also caught the divine scent. It was just an hour after midnight, although they knew nothing of such things as hours, the moon was slowly climbing in the dark sky, lighting their way towards their unsuspecting victims, the alpha male looked up at the moon and silently thanked her for her help, their god was always there when they needed her.
He took in another deep breath and savoured it, initially he had been a little fearful of this new large animal, especially when he saw that it used fire as a tool, for fire was the ultimate destroyer. However, the prospect of devouring so much of the life-force that each of these strange creatures possessed in abundance now drove him forward, and he was closely followed by the other members of his family. Their breathing had almost stopped as they carefully stepped around the fires and moved towards the sleeping warriors, afraid in case their soft breath might awaken the strange new animals. For with so many large Bora within the half circle of rough shelters, even they, the chosen ones, would be forced to retreat if their prey became aware of their presence.
The three adult males each chose a victim from underneath a separate shelter, so as to not get in one another’s way. Their females took their children with them and each female chose three more of the Bora, which were under the shelters that were near to where their mates were heading, she would share the Bora she had chosen with her child.
The alpha male knelt near to his chosen man, his eyes gleamed brightly as he drove his two fangs into the exposed soft neck, and then he sent his powerful venom streaming into the veins of his prey. He had covered the man`s mouth with one hand, so as to prevent him giving the alarm, and holding his prey firmly down with the other hand.
The Venetou sought only to immobilise their prey with the venom, not to kill it, for the Venetou needed their prey to be alive if they were to feed upon the energy known by the Venetou as its life-force.
The warrior woke up when he felt the sharp fangs enter his neck, fear filling his mind and body. He attempted to struggle, to strike out at his attacker, however on opening his eyes he saw that his attacker was invisible, it was a demon feeding upon him, he thought. Shock caused him to stop struggling for just a moment, and in that time the venom of the Venetou took effect. When the brain of the warrior began to work again, he found to his astonishment that he was unable to move, he could still see though, and feel. He watched in terror as the body of a strange man slowly shimmered into view, until he could see him in all his terrible glory. Two bright blue eyes shone brightly upon the man as fear raced through his brain, and when he took in the evil grin of the stranger attacking him, he almost fainted from the fear. He watched in terror as the stranger opened his mouth and pushed out a long-pointed tongue towards his head. The warrior wanted to strike out, defend himself, but all he could do was watch as the demon’s long tongue approached his eye, he could not even shrink back in fear. Then, silently, his mind screamed in agony as this hard tongue burrowed through to the lower part of his eye. An evil grin lit up the face of the Venetou as he thought of the strange creature’s energy that would soon be coursing through his own body, his level of excitement was blowing his mind, for never before had he ever fed upon such a large quantity of the life-force as this. The warrior for his part knew that the terrible demon was about to kill him, but he was powerless to prevent it, all he could do was to scream, unfortunately no one could hear his silent screams.
Once behind the eye of the warrior the hard tongue forced its way through a small hole in the skull, the Foramen Ovale, and now the tongue was touching the warrior`s brain. It was at this point that the feeder opened up and ten very fine needles were sent into the brain to feed upon the screaming warrior. It was upon the life-force of its unfortunate prey that the Venetou fed, while the warrior screamed, silently, in the most terrible agony that he could ever imagine. Thankfully the pain only lasted for a very short time, but for the warrior it seemed to last forever, as he felt his very essence being ripped out from his brain. He tried to resist it, to fight for his very existence, but it was useless, and as the pain reached a new high point he died.
The nine Venetou were soon all sated, having found to their delight that this new prey was so rich in the life-giving energy, and then they silently withdrew and returned through the darkness of the night to the safety of their den, a large cave set beneath a nearby ridge. The alpha male though did not enter the cave immediately, he stood just outside of the cave and here he howled into the night sky, it was his way of thanking their god for not only sending such a prey to them, but for also joining them on the hunt. Then he yawned, and turning, he entered the cave to join his family, who he could hear talking about this wondrous new prey and how they were now so full of its wondrous energy.
When the warriors awoke to a new day they found their dead friends’ bodies, they looked with horror at the holes drilled through their eyes, saw the pain plainly written upon their faces, and they screamed in terror. The sound carried on the light morning breeze to the cave of the Venetou who knew what the sound meant, for they had heard similar sounds from one of their normal prey, a small ape-like creature that lived in the trees all around their territory.
The warriors were panicking, all of them were pleading with their war chief, Cherian, to allow them to leave this terrible place, however, the huge waves still crashed ashore and so prevented any such attempt to escape from happening. Therefore, with fear ever present they fed and rested as best they could, and then they prayed to their gods for calmer weather. That night, when the men turned in for their sleep at the end of this new day, they did so fearfully, for what if the demons of this land came by again to feed upon them. It was decided that ten of their men would stand watch to guard the rest, however, none of the guards ever saw another day, for the Venetou fed on them, happy to have the men set away from the main group of the Bora. Within days, and to the trepidation of the surviving warriors, the Venetou had killed forty of the men, but finally the storm moved away and the sea was calm.
Terrified, as they were by the terrible deaths of their comrades, and apparently killed by some local demon, the remaining warriors made ready to flee this terrible land, they filled the canoes with supplies of food and water, enough to last them until they reached home.
The Alpha male of the Venetou instinctively knew that their prey was making ready to flee, and after bullying and threatening the other Venetou that made up his small tribe, they agreed to follow him aboard the canoes.
“We will need our clothing, for there will be no shelter for us from our enemy, the sun.” The alpha male advised his small tribe, and so after collecting everything that they needed, the alpha male led them onto the far end of the three remaining war canoes that the warriors were capable of manning. The Venetou settled down to await whatever events the water god would inflict upon them.
With everything ready for their journey, the warriors boarded their canoes and fled this terrible land of demons, and headed for home at the best possible speed that their war canoes could achieve. They did not realise that they carried back to their far away homes the nine Venetou, at least not at first. It was as the morning sun came up the next day that they saw that six of their comrades were missing, two from each boat. The Venetou had slid the empty carcases over the side of the canoes to hide their deed from their prey, in case it spooked them.
When the second morning came, the warriors were indeed spooked when they saw that six more warriors were missing, and as before it was those at the front of the large war canoes. On the third night they had three of their warriors stay awake to watch over the others, and they had positioned them at the front of the war canoe to see just what had occurred during the previous nights. These three warriors were shaking with fear, but with a short stabbing spear held firmly in their hands, they settled down and waited. They fervently hoped that it was not the demons, and as the moon rose and lit up the canoes their courage left them, for what could they do against powerful demons, they were ready to die, to join their ancestors in the dreamland.
On the following morning the watchers had disappeared as too had three more warriors, and so the next night the warriors were now too afraid to sleep, with fear-filled eyes they watched in terror as for the first time they saw the Venetou shimmer into view. The alpha male let loose a terrible roar that filled the dark night and paralysed the warriors with fear, then the warriors watched as the demons attacked and then fed upon the men nearest to them. Not one of the warriors dared to intervene, lest the demon grow angry and attack even more of them, finally the demons were sated and the alpha male howled once more into the night sky. After thanking their god, the Venetou now disappeared from view, and after a very long night finally the sun rose to declare the arrival of a new day. One of the Venetou always stayed awake during the long daylight hours, so as to keep the hypnotic trance that the warriors were under, in operation. It was because of this that the warriors never once made an attempt to attack them, for they did not realise that the Venetou were still aboard their boats during the day. When the night finally arrived, the watchers amongst the Venetou were truly exhausted, the amount of energy needed to keep their families hidden had almost been too much, even for them.
During the following day the strongest of the warriors tied up six of the weakest of their number, and that evening they gave them up to the Venetou, so desperate was they to save their own lives. This sacrifice of their weakest men was to continue during the rest of the horrific voyage, a seven-day trip back to the long thin peninsular of land that was home to the warriors. A peninsular that stretched out from the southern edge of a large continental land mass that straddled the equator of the planet but also stretched high up into the northern ocean.
During the final days of the voyage the Venetou treated their prey with utter contempt, for even the small monkey-like creatures attempted to fight back, but the warriors just sat there rigid with fear. The only thing that the Venetou were initially afraid of was the large expanse of water on which they sailed, though even this fear grew less as the voyage continued on, day after day. However, when the sun had slipped beneath the distant horizon, hunger helped them to forget their fear of so much water. They were becoming rather exhausted though, having to use their powers to stay hidden for so long, and a new thing accompanied them on this voyage, fear. Fear that their powers would fail them due to this exhaustion, and that when their prey saw them sitting at the front of the canoes, they would finally be able to overcome their own fear and attacked them with their weapons. Then their small number would die beneath an avalanche of the arrows and spears of the Bora, for they were still outnumbered.
The remaining nights saw the warriors too afraid to sleep, on the fifth night when the Venetou fed, some of the warriors, those nearest to the Venetou, even jumped overboard in their haste to flee the demons.
After a horrific voyage, in which only a third of the men lived to see their homes, and with one of their war canoes abandoned for lack of oarsmen, the surviving warriors finally arrived back at their village. Those that did survive the voyage were half-mad with fear of the terrible demons that had fed off them during their voyage, that and by what they had been forced to do to ensure their survival. Screaming in abject terror they struggled ashore, just as the sun was setting, and never once thinking about what they were bringing home to their families, or of the terrible ordeal that lay ahead for all of them. Their families fearful of them when they saw the half mad state in which they had returned in, and even more when they heard their terrible tale, locked them away for Maliki, the local shaman, to inspect and they hoped, cleanse them of whatever madness had overcome them all.
The Venetou`s life now changed dramatically for the better, and it started on this very first night that they had returned to dry land. On this first night the Venetou went on an orgy of killings, feeding as never before, this time their victims were amongst the villagers who had not been on the ill-fated voyage. Sated, and after such a long exhausting trip, they went in search of a dry den to rest up in, and away from the heat of the sun when it rose again. They soon found their new den, a large dry cave overlooking the sea, it was a mile away from the village and along a narrow track that would prevent a surprise attack. Now there was no need to use their powers, for now they could eat well each night and sleep away the daylight hours without the constant fear of an attack, should their powers fail them due to exhaustion.
When the morning sun arose to awaken the villagers, they were greeted with the sight of eighteen of their neighbours lying dead upon the ground, their eyes staring soullessly up at them, and each with a hole drilled in one of their eyes. Panic immediately took a hold of the villagers and they went to their shaman once again to ask what they should do.
“Do not worry for I will consult with our ancestors; they will know what we should do to drive these demons away from our land.”
This was his firm reply and he walked over to the village spirit hut to speak with their ancestors, and for the next six hours the villagers waited anxiously outside to hear his answer. It was at an hour after midday that he reappeared to tell everyone what the ancestors had advised him as what they should do to drive the demons away. He looked very pale and not a little tired, his voice when he spoke was not his normal one, it was deeper, more assertive.
“It is good to be back amongst the living, even at such a time and for so short a period.” The strange voice boomed out across the village and making the panicking villagers even more fearful for their future.
“When, I was the shaman of the village, demons never dared to attack us, for we ensured that the shrine of the ancestors was well tended, and so the spirits of the ancestors fought such creatures in the spirit world and kept them at bay. Now the shrine is overgrown and we, your ancestors are weak, for no food is left at our shrine.” The deep voice boomed out angrily now, and the shaman turned to look at each of the people assembled there, his look filled with the contempt that he felt for those who had succeeded his generation.
“However, I will tell you what you must do to defeat these terrible creatures. First, the maidens of the village must tend to our shrine and leave food for us so that we might feed again. Your next act is to take the fight to the demons, and in doing so end their terrible reign of terror, and to this end I have formulated a plan of attack. The men of the village must drive six stakes into the ground, the site for the stakes is to be the square of the ancestors in the middle of our village. You must tie six of the warriors who brought this plague upon our land to the stakes, and then you must wait hidden within the nearest huts until the Demons come to feed upon them. The cowards who brought this evil upon you, they have said that only at that time will the demons become visible. It is at this point that you must then fall upon them and kill them, ensuring that none escape your vengeance.”
With these words the shaman sank to the ground visibly exhausted by his ordeal. He was carried to his hut by four of the warriors and laid out on his bed, moments later he was asleep.
When six warriors had been chosen from those who had survived the journey, their wives burst into tears, however not one of the warriors complained, for they knew that it had to be done in order to save the village.
Paragos, the headman of the village hung his head in shame as he looked across at the shrine of the ancestors, for as the village had learnt new modern ways to live, so the shrine had become less important to the people of the village. He looked across at his daughter Maribel, who was standing by the door of his house, she too looked guilty, for it was her duty as daughter of the headman, to attend to the shrine, picking some of her friends to assist her.
“Maribel, collect six of you friends and tend to the shrine of the ancestors, clean it until it is spotless, lay flowers around it and burn incense to drive away any unfriendly spirits, your mother will supply you with the food when you are done.” Paragos ordered angrily and then he turned to his woman. “Lanyon, you must prepare a good supply of the food that the ancestors enjoy eating, have our neighbours help you in this task.” Paragos then turned to the young warriors standing close by him. “You men, you must see to the setting up of the stakes within the square of the ancestors, be sure to make the stakes strong, we will only get one chance at this, for the demons are not weak of mind, that affliction falls upon us.” Paragos whispered these last five words.
The sun hung on the far hills as the six chosen warriors were led out on to the square of the ancestors. One of them, Cherian, was the oldest son of Paragos, the headman, and he ensured that his face was set rigid as he watched as his son was tied to one of the stakes, no one could see the terrible pain afflicting his heart. His woman though was screaming, as were many other women as they saw their men led to the stakes and tied securely to them. They, the chosen ones, bore up well under this terrible ordeal, a single tear here, another there, they hoped that they would live to see the sun rise once again, but they knew that they would more than likely be amongst the ancestors, come the morning. Not one of them knew just what the demons fed upon, or they would never have gone willingly to the stake.

**********

The Venetou had been sleeping in their cave overlooking the sea, now they awoke, hungry and eager to feed, although it would be another hour before the sun finally set. After washing at a nearby stream they headed for the village, frequently stopping to listen out for signs of any Bora that might be about. They arrived at the first of the huts without encountering any of the Bora, and just as the sun rested upon the distant horizon. From the centre of the village they could hear the wailing of the women, and so they carefully made their way there. Once there they smiled, for what they saw before them were offerings, ones that must be meant for them, similar to the ones the warriors had made to them during the latter days of the long voyage to this new land. However, they had arrived a little earlier than expected and they saw the warriors who were standing within the huts that bordered the square on three sides, the last side being left open so as to allow easy access for the ancestors. All these warriors were checking their weapons over to ensure that they were ready for the coming massacre of the demons. The alpha male had seen few weapons, except for their own stone knives, but he had seen the warriors use their bows against the wildlife living within their former homeland, and with great success. He stopped his small tribe and signalled that they should move back to the outer ring of huts of the village. He suspected that the chosen ones were there to act as decoys and not as food, that when he and his small family shimmered into view and began to feed upon the offerings, the Bora would attack his family and, in all likelihood, kill them. The alpha male decided to punish the villagers for their act of defiance, and in a way that they would not forget, and so he decided to look for prey away from the warriors of the village. He had had learnt something that night, that these Bora were not as the other prey, these Bora were intelligent.

**********

After a long anxious night of waiting, Paragos watched as the sun reappeared in the eastern sky, the people of the village, the Trinovantes, tired and exhausted after a long and stress filled night, returned to their own huts. It was now that they found the eleven bodies, word about the massacre soon got around the village, and screams filled the air when the families found their loved ones sprawled out upon the dirt floor. Today should have been filled with celebrations, and instead it was filled with the screams of those in mourning.
Paragos had screamed in anger, when he had first seen his dead villagers, and he swore vengeance, instead of resting up after their wasted night, he arranged his warriors in three groups of thirty warriors and he then told them what they must do.
“Scour the countryside my brave warriors and find where these demons are resting during the day, when they are found send two of your fleetest of foot to find the other two groups. When all of our warriors are assembled near to their camp we will attack and kill each of them.” Paragos declared boldly.
“How can we find these demons, Paragos, as soon as the sun rises, they return to the spirit land to sleep, never once did our warriors see them on the long voyage home except at night.” Maliki said fearfully. His words struck a chord with his people who nodded their agreement.
“We should leave our land and journey inland to the centre of this vast world, and far away from these terrible demons, let them feast upon another tribe, I have spoken as I think, and what others of our people think.” Hyman, said. He was one of the elders and trusted by the villagers who at once took up his call to flee.
“No, my people, these demons do not live in the spirit world, they live here now, brought to our land by my son, we will go out and kill them, this land has been good to us, it is worth fighting for.” Paragos declared forcefully.
The villagers thought over his words and finally agreed with him. Three groups of warriors went out and searched for the Venetou, but the sound of their searching alerted the Venetou, so that even when one group of warriors found their cave they were not seen. They had used their hypnotic powers and merged into the rocks at the rear of the cave. The frightened warriors led by Cherian did not dare to enter the darker part of the cave, instead they threw a lit torch to the darkest part, and the flickering flames just served to hide the Venetou all the more.
That night, the Venetou found the village guarded, but they still fed, now it was upon the guards who watched, for the Venetou knew how to hunt by stealth, they had been doing this very thing for millennia, the young did it as soon as they were old enough to walk.
The morning sun brought with it the screams of the villagers when they found their dead people. It was because of this terrible punishment by the demons, retribution against their attempt to end the demons` reign of terror, and the people demanded that they leave their ancient land. Paragos and the elders of the village took heed of the cries of their people and decided not to follow the advice of their ancestors. This advice was to fight the demons, instead they decided to take up the suggestion made by Hyman, and flee from their village, so great now was their fear of the Venetou.
It was a little after midday when Paragos, the headman of the Trinovantes, led his people away from their homes but in doing so they entered the land of their neighbours, the Carvetii. Their relationship with the Carvetii had never been good, and so arriving before the small walled city of the Carvetii in the early morning of the next day, the Trinovantes were feeling rather anxious. Paragos stood looking up at the walls that encircled the city, He too was apprehensive as to the kind of reception his people would get. He could only hope that today the people of the Carvetii would be in a charitable mood.
Sleepy looking guards looked down upon him as he called out a greeting to the citizens of the city, asking for the leaders of the walled city. When they were advised of the coming of the Trinovantes, they feared that an attack was imminent, and so they ran to the walls of their small city. When they arrived, they climbed the stairs up to the walkway that ran around the walls. From this position they looked down upon the Trinovantes defiantly, protected as they were behind the strong mud brick walls of their city, and each of them holding their weapons in their hands.
“Carvetii, I beg of you to help us, our land is full of demons that enter our village each night and feed upon us, please take us in, give us protection and shelter.” Paragos dropped down upon his knees after he said these words, hoping in this way to make the Carvetii feel pity for his people.
Rhaider, headman of the Carvetii, was standing above the gateway that governed the entrance into his city, but he was out of sight of the Trinovantes. He was speaking with some of the elders of the tribe, there to give him their advice. “Do not let them in or their demons will be angry with us, and then they will enter our city and feed upon us every night. The bent old figure of Stagias advised fearfully.
“How do we know that there are any demons, it might be a just a ploy to get within our strong walls, tonight they will fall upon us and murder us while we sleep.” Rhipp the small, advised equally fearfully.
Rhaider not only listened to the elders of the city, but also to other citizens who had also been awakened by the commotion outside of their walls. They were standing below at the foot of the walls and they voiced similar fears, he thought about all that they had said and finally came to a decision, He then moved into view and looked upon the Trinovantes, and in a loud voice he called down to them.
“Be gone Trinovantes, and take your demons with you.” He scoffed. “If you choose to stay in our land, we will kill you, be warned, you do not fool us with your stories.” Rhaider said to the terrified people sheltering beneath the brick walls.
However, the Trinovantes did not leave the perceived safety beneath the city walls, instead they began to hunt the local animals and collect the local fruit and vegetables. They knew that the Carvetii would be angered by their actions, but what else was there to do, return to their huts and be feasted upon by the demons?
Within the walled city, Rhaider and the elders decided that they would have to use force to rid themselves of their unwanted guests. They waited until the Trinovantes sat down to their evening meal, then the warriors of the Carvetii silently made their way out of the rear gateway of the city and quietly crept up on the unsuspecting Trinovantes, they then launched a murderous attack upon them.
The sounds of battle from the Trinovantes encampment made even the Carvetii women and children hide in terror. Then the screams from the women and children of the Trinovantes erupted across the encampment, such was this noise that the Carvetii women fell to their knees and prayed to their god, pleading that he save them from a similar fate.
The stone axes of the warriors sliced through the hide shields and struck bone, spears with sharp obsidian heads pushed into soft flesh. Soon the Trinovantes encampment was full of injured warriors, blood spurting from an injury, or with their skull caved in by an axe blow. Cries for help now vied with the screams of the women and children, but no one came to see to the injured, the warriors were too filled with the madness of battle to tend to the weak or wounded amongst them. Stone axes may be primitive but they make a terrific weapon, especially when driven against the head of an enemy, and it was a favourite weapon of Rhaider, an extremely powerfully built warrior chief. He strode though the Trinovantes swinging left and right, sometimes breaking a head open, other times breaking a rib or two, he was after Paragos. The two men had long been enemies ever since Paragos had stolen the sister of Rhaider as his bride, and now consumed by a terrible blood lust Rhaider decided to use the opportunity to kill the headman of the Trinovantes.
The madness had come over Paragos as well, it was when he saw his people being slaughtered before his eyes, the Carvetii should have made them welcome, up to a point, as their god had long ago commanded. Paragos had just despatched a Carvetii warrior with a thrust of his spear, his victim falling at his feet and begging for mercy, Paragos laughed as he cut the warrior`s throat with his sharp knife, and then he looked for another victim. He saw Rhaider striding through the flames of the Trinovantes encampment, Paragos did not stop for a moment to consider the brute strength of his opponent, instead he called to him.
“Rhaider, your sister sends her apologies, but she prefers the company of men to that of weaklings, come here and I will do you the favour of despatching you quickly.”
Rhaider roared his anger at hearing his enemy make fun of him, and he strode past two pair of battling enemies, knocking all four men flying in his haste to meet with Paragos and commence battle, short though it would be he thought and laughed out loud. Rhaider was armed with a heavy stone axe mounted upon a strong wooden handle. Paragos was of a lighter and slimmer build, he preferred to use the bow when fighting from a distance, however, for close combat fighting he used a stabbing spear which would give him an advantage, if he could keep out of the reach of Rhaider`s strong swinging arm.
Paragos jabbed his spear towards his enemy, who immediately jumped backwards out of reach while swinging his heavy axe at the shaft of the light spear in the hope of breaking it in two. Paragos though anticipated this move and he whipped his spear quickly away as the axe of Rhaider skimmed across the wooden shaft, the power behind the swing together with his anger temporarily unbalancing Rhaider, this grave error gave Paragos the opportunity of a lifetime. He jabbed his spear forward again and this time caught Rhaider in his stomach, the sharp obsidian spear head cutting easily through the light clothes of Rhaider and into the soft flesh of his enemy, he now twisted the blade to inflict as much damage as was possible.
Rhaider almost dropped his heavy axe as the pain from his injury flashed through his body making him cry out, but the pain was not enough to dull his mind, and he swore to avenge this cruel wound.
“I will skin you alive for that Paragos, you will be begging me to kill you before I am through with you.” Rhaider could feel his blood oozing out from the wound and he knew that he either had to finish this quickly, or retreat just as quickly. However, retreat was not a concept that he was familiar with, so he chose to attack and win through, and before his strength ebbed away through his terrible wound.
Paragos merely smiled and feinted another jab, Rhaider pretended to retreat in fear, and for a moment Paragos was fooled. Rhaider brought his axe around, the sharp edge cutting through the air towards Paragos, he only just saw the axe coming towards him in time and stepped back, but not before the sharp edge of the axe sliced through his cheek. Blood seeped out from the wound and ran down his cheek, but he did not feel any pain, only rage at this monster battling to kill him.
The main battle around the two men was quickly coming to a finish, the Carvetii had won, the Trinovantes having lost so many of their warriors to the Venetou were quickly defeated. Their warriors now lay at the feet of the victorious Carvetii, their bodies covered in blood, while their women and the children would soon be enslaved, and so the Trinovantes tribe would now cease to exist.
Though concentrating almost totally on his private battle, a part of Paragos could hear around him the screams of the woman and children as they were rounded up, he knew that the Trinovantes had been defeated by their cowardly enemy. This knowledge made his anger grow to even greater heights, and his determination to kill his opponent grew alongside his anger. He knew that the Carvetii warriors would not enter into his fight with Rhaider, for it was one between two headmen, to assist Rhaider would be an offence against every code of honour.
“How can a coward such as you Rhaider, bear to mix with the warriors of the Carvetii? Ah, but of course, there are not any honourable men amongst your people, for otherwise they would not have permitted your people to act against the commandments of your god.” Paragos taunted him as they slowly circled one another.
Rhaider screamed in rage and moved towards Paragos, his axe raised high, as it fell Paragos dove to one side and quickly regained his feet, the axe swinging heavily through the spot that he had occupied a moment ago. Rhaider moved angrily towards him while raising his sharp axe again for another attempt on the life of his enemy, if it fell Paragos knew he would die, he had to act quickly. He lunged forward, the sharp point of the spear easily pushed into the rapidly moving body, the sharp obsidian blade cutting its way easily through to the heart of Rhaider, killing the headman of the Carvetii instantly. As his lifeless body slumped to the floor, one of the Carvetii warriors, furious too at the insults heaped upon his people by Paragos, let fly his arrow, it flew through air with the softest of swishes and buried itself into the chest of Paragos. Paragos felt it enter his body, although he felt no pain, he turned towards his attacker and looked upon him with contempt.
“As I said to the dead scum at my feet, none amongst the Carvetii knows anything about honour, the land of the ancestors will receive none of you.” Paragos fell to the ground, moments later, a dozen arrows were piercing his body, he died a proud man, one who knew he would be joining his ancestors.

**********

It had not taken long for the Venetou to find where their prey had gone, and following the scent of the Trinovantes they too came to the walled city of the Carvetii. However, long before they reached it, they heard the sounds of battle, heard the screams of the dying, the wounded, of the woman and children screaming in terror. They had never encountered war before, when the Venetou had a disagreement with another group, there was a large amount of shouting together with an awful amount of bluff, finally one tribe would cede victory to the other tribe and leave the scene of battle to the victor.
What they saw happening in front of the walls of the city was the warriors of the Carvetii murdering their neighbours, it appalled the Venetou who now looked upon the Carvetii as the lowest of all animals, lower even than the cowards who had come to their land.
Finally, the killing stopped, and when morning came the Venetou watched the Carvetii burning the bodies of their fallen neighbours, piled high upon a huge funeral fire set in the middle of the large meadow before the walls of the city. The Venetou were too scared of fire to ever contemplate making it, even so as the heat of the flames reached them, they were drawn towards the edge of the meadow, towards the heat of the fire. It was only the fact that the hypnotic powers of nine Venetou allowed them to blend into the trees behind them that prevented their enemy from seeing and attacking them. The fire burnt long into the afternoon, the smell of the burning bodies reminding the Carvetii of the crime that they had committed, and one against the commandments of their own god. Thankfully, the fire began to die down, all the bodies had been cremated now, as for the Venetou, they were hiding amongst the trees of the nearby forest and awaiting the night so that they might feed.
The Carvetii now began to walk towards their city gate, however, there were some amongst them who lagged behind as they looked at the beauty of the night sky, it was upon six of these that the Venetou fed. The males each had a victim to themselves, dragging their prey into the trees to feed upon them. The women and their children shared the other three victims, and they also dragged their prey within the darkness of the trees and away from any Carvetii who might look their way. The Venetou hid amongst the trees and undergrowth for some time, looking at the strange caves that their prey lived in, here they waited to see how things would pan out.
The six men were soon missed by their families, however, remembering the tales brought to them by the Trinovantes, no warrior now dared to venture forth in search of the missing men, not during the night, fearing that the Venetou were behind the men’s disappearance. As for the families of the missing men, they too decided to wait until morning to search out their missing men. The next morning their bodies were found amongst the trees that grew around the grassy meadow before the entrance to the walled city, and those who saw them cried out in fear, for they had been murdered, and each of them had a hole through their eyes. This was just as the women of the Trinovantes had said happened to their people. While they worked for their new masters, they smiled now through their pain, for they saw their masters cringe in fear.
“We are suffering punishment from the demons for killing the Trinovantes, we are marked with their blood and now we shall become the chosen prey, this is what your advice has done for us.” Rhyad, the son of Rhaider screamed at the elders, forgetting that his father had been in complete agreement with this advice.
That night saw six warriors patrolling the walls of the city of Carvetii, six warriors who were found dead upon the walls when the early morning watch came to relieve them. The next night saw twenty-four warriors patrolling the walls, and the early morning watch were relieved when they found them still alive the next morning, as were the citizens of the city when they awoke from a sleep troubled by nightmares.
The Venetou had settled for eating one of the domesticated animals of the Carvetii that night, however, during the day the citizens felt safe and left the safety of the walled city, here they found their slaughtered cows. Now the citizens of the city thought that if the demons had eaten their cows, then it was a tribute worth paying. The people thought that they were now safe, and so the women went about their normal work. Some of them picked herbs from their small gardens, others harvested the fruit and vegetables that they cultivated, or tended to the fields of wheat that were almost ready to be harvested. The warriors went out to hunt for game, for they all felt safe to go abroad during the hours of daylight, had not the Trinovantes women, who were now their slaves, told that the demons were of the night. It was now, while the sun was at its highest point, that the Venetou fell upon six of the citizens of the Carvetii and fed, happy to find that these people tasted as good as their former prey had done. The meat of the cow had satisfied their immediate hunger, however, nothing could replace the feeling they got when they fed upon the people`s life-force, for the Venetou were hooked upon it, much as a junky is on drugs.
Fearful of this new demon, the Carvetii posted twenty-four guards each night and only allowed people to wander abroad during the day if escorted by a score of warriors. However, the attacks continued as the unwary were first picked off, and then the warriors were taken as they stood watching the women tend to their tasks, instead of looking out for the demons.
The Venetou preferred to hunt by night, as during the day it took far more mental energy to hide away from their prey, their heads began to ache if the hunt took too long. There might even be times when their energy levels were so low that their prey might actually see them. During the night though, with the all-enveloping cloak of darkness about them, they only had to use their hypnotic powers during the final act of stalking their prey.
With these safeguards seen as not working, the Carvetii finally decided to desert their city and they moved en-masse further inland, and into the land of the Catuvellauni. Once there, they warned the people of this land about the demons, begged to be allowed to join them and together fight this new great evil, however their overtures only saw history repeat itself.
Over the next century more Venetou came to this new land, brought over by voyages of discovery made from towns on the other side of the continent. They had found the southern continent of the Venetou and astounded by what it contained, had brought back to their own lands the plants and animals which were meant to enrich their own lands, however, within these ships were many hitchhikers. In this way the numbers of the Venetou rocketed as they pursued and fed upon the Bora across the planet, laughter disappeared wherever the Venetou went, fear replaced it. Finally, a darkness descended upon the planet, one that would never lift.

**********

With so many of the Bora, the Venetou could not see the need to exercise restraint, and the Venetou had gone on an orgy of killing. The once thriving Neolithic civilisation of the Bora slowly disintegrated back into a Palaeolithic one, and then into one of a few individuals cowering away in caves, living in fear of the dreadful demon. The last of the Bora fought valiantly, but finally they were all hunted into extinction by the vast numbers of the Venetou, who were also desperate to survive. Now with their main source of the energy giving life-force gone, the Venetou could only survive on the life-force of the lesser creatures of this world if they supplemented their diet by also eating these creatures. However, they needed to eat so many of them to equal the richness of the life-force found within the Bora, and so they now decimated the numbers of even these creatures. The strength of the Venetou ebbed away as fast as their numbers, now there were only a few of them left alive.
The large lake, set amid a grassy meadow was home to two of the remaining Venetou. One male and one female, they could remember the stories told by their elders, of how vast numbers of Bora had once thrived upon this world, thrived that is before they came and fed upon them. However, they could not remember how their life-force tasted, how it made them feel so alive, for they had never fed on the Bora, they had long disappeared from Retem. Retem was the name that the people of Earth would bestow on this planet, when they finally made it out this far in to deep space.

Chapter Two

The Survey Ship from Earth

The year is 2246 and a small spacecraft, the Galileo, was flying in over the landscape of the planet, later to be named by the crew of this craft, Retem. The craft hovered high in the clear blue sky above a flat grass filled meadow, a few small animals fled for their burrows as the space craft prepared to land beside the large lake set to one side of the grassy meadow. The crew aboard the survey craft was made up of two teams. In the first team were eight scientists, there to begin the survey of the planet for the Morang Corporation, an almost living entity whose voracious appetite lay claim to anything and everything that it could lay its greedy hands on. The second team aboard the ship were the six people who crewed the spacecraft, but who were also there to ensure that the scientists did not come to any harm. The scientific team was made up of a medical doctor, two geologists, two botanists, two biologists and one archaeologist. They were here to assess the value of the planet and ascertain whether it would be safe to send a small colony here, or whether it would be necessary to cleanse the native wildlife and start again. There was nothing the Morang Corporation would not do to turn a buck, and killing every living thing on the planet was always an option.
Captain Christian Kramer, a fifty-year-old veteran of space travel, was going through the final preparations before taking the starship down. He looked across at his much younger first mate and smiled. “Well, Joe, what do your instruments tell you about this beautiful planet, is it safe to land?”
First Mate Joseph Carter looked up and returned his captain`s smile. “They confirm what the probe told us Captain, that this planet has an abundance of the smaller kinds of wildlife, rabbits, squirrels, rats etc. Fortunately for us there are no signs of whoever built the deserted city on the opposite shore of the lake. They must have moved away, and whatever the reason for their departure, they will not get in the way of our preliminary survey of the planet.”
Just then John Palin walked on to the bridge, he was the senior biologist and was head of the scientific team. He was tall and wiry, he had a thin pointed nose, a pasty complexion, a problem that many space travellers had to endure, and a lack of manners.
“Captain, have you decided if this Garden of Eden is safe yet, if so, are you going to land this tub and let us get down to what the Morang Corporation are paying us to do for them?”
Kramer smiled at Palin, and bit back the sharp retort that sprang into his mind, instead he dismissed the scientist`s rude manner that had been with him from the moment that he had first boarded the space craft.
“I have just finished asking Mr Carter whether it is safe to land down there Professor.” Kramer replied pleasantly. “Mr Carter, please repeat your report to Professor Palin, tell him whether it is heaven, or hell down there?” Palin turned to the first mate who as usual smiled back amiably.
“Hopefully, Captain, neither, as both places are inhabited by the dead.” Carter replied with a quiet laugh. “However as far as our instruments can tell, it appears to be safe, of course we can only be sure after we have landed and checked the place out.” Carter looked at Palin and smiled while he awaited the scientist`s angry complaint to his carefully chosen words, which was not long in coming.
“My god, all you people are interested in is red tape, you are nothing more than space bureaucrats. Look, Captain, we cannot wait for you to tell us the obvious, that this planet is safe, and in any case my scientific team is more able to supply the answer to that question, than your crew, they would not know a poisonous spider from a rose tree.” Palin complained and moved within inches of Kramer`s face to try to bully the captain into agreeing with him.
“As long as we do not eat the food of the planet, or drink the water before we have tested both for toxins etcetera, we will be safe. The probe they sent earlier tested the air for germs and viruses, and it only found the normal variety, nothing that is of any danger to twenty third century human beings.”
Kramer sighed and looking across at Carter, giving him a look that showed his mild disapproval at his words and of his obvious mischievous side. However, seeing some smidgen of sense in the scientist`s words he decided to agree with Palin, he and Carter could do a quick search of the nearby area while the scientists did their preliminary work. With a plan of action ready for any unforeseen dangers awaiting the scientific team, he took the starship down, they landed some three hundred feet away from the large lake, his team were soon making ready to take their first steps on to the planet. Kramer and Carter took the two vehicles that were part of the surveying equipment, they did a cursory search of the surrounding area, and found nothing to worry them, so the scientists were now free to roam the planet as they saw fit. However, Kramer did appoint a member of the crew to each of the survey parties to act as their security guard.

**********

A single male Venetou together with his mate were terrified when they saw the survey ship landing noisily beside the lake, they saw it as a gigantic bird, one who could easily replace themselves as the creature who was top of their food chain. This fear quickly disappeared as they continued to watch from the safety of a small group of trees that grew near to the landing site. An opening appeared in the side of the strange beast and then three of the crew of the Galileo walked down a set of steps. The male Venetou looked to his female quizzically at the sight of the large prey.
“Talia.” The male called across to his mate. “The three creatures, they are the Bora, I recognise them from my grandfather’s tales about them. So, the large beast, it is nothing but a mysteriously large flying den of the Bora, frightening as it is, it has brought us a supply of food. We should thank Selene our goddess for sending such bounty to feed her followers.”
“Good, for I hunger to try the rich food of the Bora, Sarai, they say it is like nothing else in the world.” Talia replied, for their last meal of the burrowing rodents had been very unsatisfying.
They did not realise that their life was about to radically change, they only thought that the good times had returned to their world. Sarai and Talia were taller than the Venetou of the southern continent, it was because the preceding generations had long been living upon the richer life-force of the Bora, rather than the meagre amounts provided by the small animals of the southern continent. The average male was now six feet in height with his mate slightly shorter.

**********

The two biologists walked across to the lake with one of the crew, Chief Engineer Mayers, who was there to ensure their safety, he was armed with an energy weapon to protect them should anything carnivorous head their way. The biologists immediately began to gather samples of the animal life they found in the cold but crystal-clear waters of the lake. With them was Doctor Garner who took a large sample of the water, he then returned to the Galileo to see if it was safe to drink.
The two botanists were the next to leave the safety of the Galileo, also with a member of the crew in tow, this time it was Second Class Engineer Milano to act as their security guard. They moved across to the beginning of the woodland, some four hundred metres away, and began to collect samples taken from the trees and plants growing there.
The two geologists wanted to take the small hovercraft, one of the two vehicles that were carried aboard the Galileo, for a short trip to a ravine some two kilometres away. Before they had landed Carter had made some sensor scans in this area, they had indicated some interesting minerals might be hidden along its length. Kramer agreed to their request, although he did have crewman Jubal accompany them on the trip.
The last member of the scientific team, archaeologist Mary Taylor, a young woman from Australia, wanted to look round the buildings of the small walled city built on the other side of the lake, Kramer had his first mate and Aaila Madani, the only woman member of his crew, take her there in the slightly larger tracked vehicle. The city was but one of the many such deserted walled towns found by the drone, it had been sent to the planet in advance of the survey vessel to ensure that no obvious dangers awaited the survey vessel. The scientists knew from these deserted cities that some dramatic event had happened on this beautiful planet, and part of their mission was to find out just what that dramatic event was, and if there was still a danger lurking on the planet. Only when the planet was deemed safe would the miners and colonists be allowed to settle here.

**********

It was on this very first trip that Mary Taylor found her first painting, one painted by a native of this world before the artist and her people disappeared so mysteriously. It was of a large ferocious looking figure standing in an otherwise empty landscape, it was painted upon the wall of a large building. The figure was of a large semi-humanoid creature, pale grey in colour and looking to be quite ferocious. Painted beneath the figure she saw what she thought was a word, from amongst the strange letters she saw five letters that were similar to the letters of the Latin alphabet, and they spelt out the word RETEM.
There were two pieces of wood, which she was positive were chair legs and another which she thought to be part of a table. Broken pottery littered he floor, also what she assumed was a religious artifact, a goddess made of clay. She also found what could have been a stone altar, and because of this she decided that the building was used as a temple. Mary Taylor took a photograph of everything within the room, and when darkness threatened to fall, she returned to talk over her find with the other members of the scientific team. Mary Taylor could not keep the excitement from out of her voice as she spoke to the others of her first finds within the small walled city, the remnants of furniture, the picture and the writing. She was also positive that the buildings had been built for humanoids to use, ones of the same shape as themselves, although probably a little shorter.
“The remains of their furniture and the artefacts have survived the fall of the builder`s civilisation, it must mean that we will come across the builders somewhere upon this planet, and probably not too far away.” She declared excitedly; her voice full of the animation that was simply bursting out of her. She could not wait to explore the rest of the walled town, and with luck, find her first intelligent alien being.
“You may well be correct Mary, which means that we cannot afford to take any chances, for who knows how they will react if they see us making ourselves at home in their former lands.” Kramer declared.
“Here it comes, you want us to wait while you and your crew members go out and play.” Palin groaned.
“Not at all Professor, I merely want everyone to be aware of the dangers posed by a first contact meeting with a potentially barbaric people.” Kramer replied in response to Palin`s complaint.
Palin must have agreed with this as he nodded acceptance of Kramer`s remark, and with a peace treaty signed aboard the Galileo, the scientists talked more about the abandoned city After much discussion it was unanimously decided to name the planet Retem, which unknown to them was the local word for demon.
For the remainder of the evening and into the early morning they spoke about their finds, and which of them they hoped would be of use to the Morang Corporation, and which might be of use to any colonists who might come to this veritable Garden of Eden. It was early in the morning, 2am, before they all turned in for the night.
The last to retire to his bed was Kramer, on the way to his cabin he noticed that both the inner and the outer doors to the airlock had been left open, frowning he shut them. However, he did not bother to lock them, yes, they could be opened if one knew how to, but then there was no intelligent living being anywhere near the ship, if indeed on the entire planet, Carter had scanned the area and found a singular lack of the builders of the small deserted town.

**********

The quiet of the early morning was shattered by blood curdling screams that brought the men and women of the Galileo running from their cabins. They found Mary Taylor standing over the body of Geraldo Gonzales, the senior botanist, who lay there dead upon the floor in the mess room, the cause of death was seemingly obvious. It was the first thing that they all noticed, his eyes, for they were staring up from the floor at them, telling of the terrible way that he had died, and each of his eyes had a dark hole in them.
Captain Kramer had been amongst the first of them to arrive, and on seeing the mutilation to the botanist`s eyes he hurriedly covered them with a napkin that someone had left laying on a nearby mess table. When electrician first class Aaila Madani arrived, he had her take the trembling archaeologist back to her cabin to look after her.
Kramer was fully engrossed in a search of the mess room for any sign that would tell him what had happened on board his ship when Doctor Mason Garner arrived, it always took an earthquake at least to awaken him. Kramer had asked Carter to waken him, and cannot on seeing the doctor, Kramer nodded grimly and moved back across the small mess room to the body. Once here, he moved the napkin just sufficiently to allow Garner to see the two wounds, and then he put it back in place. He certainly did not want his crew, or the scientists, to freak out at the constant sight of those pain filled and very mutilated eyes, it had taken all of his self-control to keep calm when he had seen them. A ridiculous thought ran through his head, had someone extracted the man`s soul, through those two holes, but no, this was just the work of a very sick mind.
“We need to know the exact cause of death, Mason, and as soon as you can.” Kramer requested of the medic. Whether finding out the exact cause of death would help him find the murderer Kramer did not know, but it was the normal start to any normal investigation and he desperately wanted normality to reign once again.
“My god Chris, who on earth amongst us could have done this, and why?” Doctor Garner asked in disgust as he turned to look at the people clustered around him.
For the first time in quite a while he felt the first signs of fear grip his stomach as he wondered which one of these very normal looking people had done this terrible deed, and why for God`s sake, Gonzales was a nice guy who got along with everyone? Now, John Palin, he could understand someone killing him, he was a rude arrogant individual who got along with no one, here or anywhere else.
“Jubal, please collect a trolley from the medical centre and bring it back here, also bring a sheet to cover Geraldo`s body.” Kramer said quietly.
Jubal nodded and quickly walked along to the small medical centre and collected the trolley and the bed sheet. After the body of the dead botanist had been lifted on to the trolley, Garner pushed the trolley down to the medical centre, following behind him was John Palin. It was not until they arrived at the medical centre that Doctor Garner noticed Palin, and on seeing him he smiled enquiringly at the biologist.
“I thought that you might need some help with your gruesome job.” Palin said by way of explanation.
“Yes, thank you, I could do with a hand John.” Garner replied surprised by the biologist`s action, for he was the last person he would have thought would have bothered offering to help at such a time as this.
Five minutes later and they had started on the autopsy of someone who, although they had only known for a short time, Doctor Garner had liked, and Professor Palin had tolerated a little more than the others.
On the bridge of the Galileo, Carter approached Captain Kramer and voiced a thought that had entered his mind on first seeing the dead body of their friend.
“Captain, could someone from outside the ship have done this, maybe one of the builders of that dead city.” Kramer`s head snapped round to look at his first mate.
“Have the ship searched Joe, one armed crewman plus one of the scientists in each team, get them started immediately, if it was a stranger then we need to know, and as soon as is possible.” Kramer ordered.
Carter returned to the mess room where a grim bunch of men and women were still talking about the gruesome murder of their friend. On told of the search, they all cheered up, for if Carter`s idea was correct, then it meant that one of them had not committed such a terrible crime, a possibility that made some of them sick to the stomach to even contemplate.
Kramer sat at the computer on the bridge and turned on the security program, with it up and running he immediately locked all of the exits from the ship, whoever the murderer was, he or she was not leaving the ship, assuming that the murderer was still aboard. He then got up and walked to the large cargo ramp to look for any signs of entry by someone other than one of them. However, if someone had used this way to enter and exit the ship, Kramer could see no signs on the cargo ramp, or the gangway leading away from it, to indicate that there had been an intruder aboard the starship. In any case the noise of the cargo ramp opening and closing would have awakened everyone aboard the Galileo. He then walked to the main airlock for pedestrian traffic, and here he did find something which was a definite sign of entry and it was just inside the airlock, however, there was nothing sufficiently alien to prove his first mate`s theory of an external murderer. What he had found was just one partial print, but enough to give the impression that it had been made by someone with a large foot, and that they were walking barefooted. Kramer surreptitiously checked all of the crew`s feet but with no luck, the only person it might have been made by was Gonzales, and he was the victim. In any case, the opening and closing of the airlock would have made sufficient noise to have awakened someone, but then maybe it did, maybe it had awakened Geraldo, whose cabin was nearest to the airlock.
The starship was only small, so the search initiated by Kramer did not take all that long, especially as there were five search parties, unfortunately, no trace of an alien was found. This partially dampened the spirits of everyone, but as Carter said, at least we now know that we are safe, our murderer has left the ship and all we need do is to keep all the entry points locked when not in use. He did not add, if indeed our murder did come from outside, although more than one person did pause to consider this terrible possibility, for it was the most logical answer.

**********

Kramer was just finishing his breakfast, and at a time much earlier than he normally enjoyed it, but then murders are apt to change things. At the moment he was thinking about the grim task he would have to perform when they returned to their home base, New Caledonia. He would have to visit the Gonzales family to speak to them about poor Geraldo, and about the way that he had died. Thankfully, he would not have to break the news of his death to them, he would report back to the Morang Corporation later today and they would have someone do it, even so, it was a task that he was not looking forward to performing. His thoughts were brought to a halt when Doctor Garner and John Palin entered the now very clean smelling mess room. The room having been scrubbed with disinfectant to take away any smell that would remind them of the death of one of their friends. Unfortunately, the very smell of the disinfectant only served to remind them all the more.
“Well, Mason, Professor Palin, what have you got to tell me?” Kramer asked as he looked at the two tired men who had just slumped down on to two of the empty chairs at his table.
Doctor Garner spoke softly as he told Kramer of their findings, not so as to stop anyone else from hearing him, as the mess room was empty at this early hour, it was more out of respect for their dead friend, one who had died in this very room.
“We first checked both of Gonzales` eyes and found that the two holes went straight through each of his eyes and then through his Foramen Ovale to stop at his brain, however, these holes are not the cause of death. We then noticed that there are some fine spots on the brain and they are directly behind each Foramen Ovale, and on closer inspection we found that they were in fact twenty-minute holes, and that the holes entered the brain behind each hole in the eye, that is ten behind each eye.” Garner said and stopped here for the moment to collect his thoughts.
“Mason, what is the Foramen Ovale?” Kramer asked. For he was not up on all the minor parts of the body.
“They are two of the holes in the skull through which some of the nerves travel through to the brain, there is one behind each eye.” Doctor Garner replied thoughtfully. He had decided to pause here so as to allow Palin to add anything he thought relevant to the report.
Palin now took this opportunity to add something. “The holes were not caused by a micro laser, for there is no sign of burning as you would expect to find if that was the case, no they were caused by a very fine instrument, mind you I have no idea what the instrument might be. The distances between the holes were identical, the precision needed to accomplish this could only have been done using a technologically advanced tool.” He stopped here to rack his brain again as to what instrument could have been used to commit this terrible act.
Doctor Garner now continued on with the report. “However, we both feel that this was not the cause of Gonzales death, although we cannot be sure of even that. However, when we checked his blood, we found an unknown toxin. When we took some of the toxin and injected it into a mouse, it fell down and did not even twitch, it died seconds after. We believe that the toxin acts on the muscles of the body, including those of his heart and lungs, and shuts them down, he would have died shortly after he received the toxin. Of course, we had already seen the two marks at the front of his neck, they were probably caused by a sharp triangular shaped object of some kind, but they could have been made by two fangs of a large animal. If it was not for the holes in the eyes and the minute holes in the brain, I would say that our killer was a large snake.” Garner said and having finished his report looked across at Palin who nodded in agreement.
“Yes, I saw those marks Mason, I immediately thought of the old horror stories, about vampires and the like.” Kramer replied. “However, these other minute holes means that we have a murderer with time on his hands to dress his deed up as a macabre fantasy, do you agree Mason?” Kramer asked.
“Yes, Chris, you are correct, we do have a murderer amongst us, and one who is psychotic. Chris, he will strike again.” Doctor Garner had dismissed the theory of an alien attack moments after hearing it. He now wished that it had been an alien, the truth he thought, was much more terrifying.
“Who is likely to be in possession of such a toxin, a biologist, Ricardo Anceris, or you Professor Palin?” Kramer asked. “Or would a botanist also know about them?
Palin looked fit to burst, for Kramer had included him in his preliminary list of suspects, but somehow, he kept control of his exhausted mind. “You will also need to add some sort of motive before you can accuse anyone, and anyway Mary Taylor, an Archaeologist might have come across some ancient toxin while digging into the murky past of the human race, or even our good doctor.” Palin said smiling at Garner and feeling some of the stress leave his body after such a god-awful morning.
“Chris, you can also add anyone on the ship who can surf the internet, someone with murder on their mind would also have the time to find whatever they had a mind to find.” Doctor Garner said grimly.
The matter was left there, but Kramer did activate all of the CCTV cameras which were normally turned off, a concession to personal privacy that had now become the norm on Earth. Should the murderer strike again, he or she would be caught on film and to hell with personal privacy.
He spoke to everyone individually as they came down to breakfast that morning, but no one could tell him anything, they had all been asleep until Mary Taylor`s screams had awakened them. That day saw changes to the security, both aboard the Galileo and also amongst the survey teams when they were away from the safety of the ship. During the day Carter was to be in charge of security on board the Galileo, he was to be based on the bridge and was to ensure that no strangers entered the starship, if indeed a stranger had been their nocturnal murderer. The four survey teams were always to travel in groups of three people, and all of them were to be armed with energy weapons, however, he ensured that they were set on their lowest setting. Kramer did not want one of the team to be killed by a friend freaking out.

**********

Carter said goodbye to all four teams as they left the Galileo by one of the two exits and prepared for an ultra-quiet day. The others though, would be very busy, and those going furthest were given the use of one of the two vehicles. The biologists were once again visiting the lake and so they walked the short distance, their equipment had been taken to today`s research site by the hovercraft before it returned for the geological team. The archaeologist, Mary Taylor, was dropped off at the ruins of the ancient city by the tracked vehicle along with electrician first class Aaila Madani and Captain Kramer, before it carried on with the sole remaining botanist and her two security guards. Kristiana Georgiou wanted to check out the plants a short distance from the ruined city to see if they might have been part of a cultivated area, a farm perhaps, laid down by the builders of the city.
The two Venetou had still been aboard the Galileo when the crew had left it to resume their survey of the planet. They were still a little afraid of this strange den of their prey, the flashing lights and of the vehicles that took the crew away, even so they had dined well the previous night on the life-force of the Bora, and hoped to do so again. Never before had they felt so alive, so full of energy.
Carter watched the two vehicles as they disappeared from view, the biologists took longer to disappear, but as the morning progressed, their task moved them further away from the Galileo until he could only just make out their figures on the horizon. With the ship locked up tight he took a moment to think about his wife and their young son. It should be morning on New Caledonia, they should have got out of bed by now and be thinking about breakfast, and Rachel would be making up a fresh pot of coffee. With this thought he decided that he too needed a coffee, and so he walked down to the mess room and the ever-ready hot pot of coffee.
The first thing that he did was to wash up a cup, for no one had bothered to do the washing up that morning, their minds were upon other things. Behind Carter, Sarai saw the water gushing from the tap and immediately realised just how thirsty he was, for neither of them had had a drink since coming aboard the Galileo. Carter was just pouring himself a cup when he felt someone grab him from behind, he turned his head, but for some reason he could not see anyone there, his attacker was either invisible or a ghost! One thing that he did know, that it must be their murderer, for he knew that everyone else had left the ship, and anyway they could not turn invisible. For a just a moment he managed to struggle in an attempt to break free from the strong grip of Sarai, but he was unable to in so time short a time that the Venetou allowed him. A moment later, during the single beat of his heart, Talia moved towards him and grabbing him from the front she drove her fangs into his soft exposed neck. Carter felt the fangs of the creature as they entered his neck and cried out, but a few moments later he was falling forwards on to the floor, unable to move an arm to safe himself. The glass coffee pot crashed close to him smashing into small pieces and splashing him with hot coffee, he could feel it burn him but could do nothing to alleviate the pain.
He had groaned again in pain as the floor now hit him, and he wondered why he could not hear his groan of pain, although he did hear the solid thump when he hit the deck of the starship. He just lay there on his front wondering what was happening to him, was he dying, was this how it felt. He then felt his body being turned over by invisible hands, and it was only moments later that he saw them, shimmering into view before him, two of the most beautiful creatures that he had ever seen, and they were now kneeling over him. He watched immobile as they leant further over him and opened their mouths, fear bit into his insides when he saw the large fangs coming nearer to his face. Then the creatures stuck out their long thin strange looking tongues, he finally understood what had made the holes in Gonzales` eyes, what had made the very small holes in the brain of Gonzales, now he screamed out in fear, a scream that no one heard, not even the Venetou. The beauty that he had seen only moments ago disappeared, now he saw only pure evil. He tried to close his eyes to stop the tongues from touching them, but even this was impossible, but then the two tongues were boring into his eyes and finally the ten ultra-thin needles were entering into his brain. He could hear his screams as they reverberated within his mind, but no one else could for his larynx, as with his other muscular functions, was completely paralysed, only his nerves were still working, still sending the pain impulses to his brain. He knew he was dying for his muscles that made breathing possible could no longer move, then before he was ready for it, everything went black and he was dead, for his life force had been sucked out of him by the two Venetou.
Sarai then looked at the tap on the kitchen sink, it took him only a moment to make it work, then he and Talia quenched their thirst. Sarai wondered at the marvels of this strange den before he and Talia returned to the ship`s hold.

**********

The four survey teams had quite a successful day, unfortunately when the first three teams returned to the Galileo, they found that they were unable to attract the attention of Carter to let them re-board the starship. Luckily for everyone, when Kramer arrived back at the ship from the deserted walled city, they were able to use the small computer aboard the tracked vehicle to connect up with the central computer of the Galileo and gain access into the security program. The two doors opened allowing the two vehicles to drive up the cargo ramp while those on foot entered via the main airlock, their energy weapons at the ready.
It was Kramer who found the body, but he already knew that Carter would be dead, why else had he not answered the calls of the survey teams. Once again Kramer locked the ship up tight, once again the ship was searched, but without finding an intruder, the same signs were found, but at the cargo ramp this time. Once more Garner and Palin performed an autopsy which gave the same method of murder. One thing was clear, the murderer must have been an intruder who had somehow gained entry to the starship and eluded their searches, either that or one of the three-person survey teams were in it together, and that was absurd.
While the autopsy was performed in the small medical centre, Kramer sat on the bridge of the ship, and together with the others, who were either sitting or standing, now went through the CCTV recordings, something they could not do after the first murder. This did not take long as the cameras only activated when they recorded movement. The bridge camera was almost constantly on and they fast forwarded this section, however, the only other camera to activate was the one in the mess room. It showed Carter walking over to the coffee pot, and then the picture went fuzzy and then stopped.
“What the hell! Aaila, what is wrong with your equipment? Electrician first class Aaila Madani, was originally from Turkey and now of deep space, and thankfully, she thought, far from her family. She was in charge of everything electrical on the starship including the computers.
“I am sorry Captain,” Aaila said moving over to the central computer. “But do not worry sir, I will fix the problem, whatever part of our archaic equipment it is.” Aaila said the last part under her breath. She had always thought that the equipment on the survey vessels was out of date, and in need of urgent replacement. She was forced to keep the electrics on this space tub working with well chewed sticks of chewing gum and miles of insulating tape. These feelings she kept very much to herself, for she knew that the company liked its employees to be team players, any dissenters were soon fired.
No matter what she did she could not find any sign of the CCTV recording within the computer, so she checked the computer log and found a series of reports regarding localised minor power failures, and one occurred two hours after the survey teams had left the ship. Aaila now asked the computer for a print out of the computer log dating from the time that the ship landed on Retem, and when she had that she had the computer do a full system check. Next, she checked the CCTV camera itself, and she found that the electrics had shorted out, although why Aaila did not know.
Aaila now looked at the print out of the computer log, and what it showed was very strange, a series of localised events all to do with the electrical system, and something else that she immediately took to Kramer.
“Captain, I have managed to find out why the CCTV recording stopped, the camera has mysteriously shorted out, it is useless now, everything electrical within it is burnt out. Do you want me to move one of the other cameras into the mess hall?” Aaila asked.
“Yes, Aaila, take one out of the hold, there is really no point in having one in there.” Kramer replied quietly. He was feeling very down; what chance was there in finding out just what was murdering his crew when he had such rubbish equipment at his disposal.
“Captain, I did find something that might interest you.” Aaila said smiling at Kramer, he looked up at her, hope appearing in his eyes, maybe their luck had changed.
“I printed out a record of the computer log from the time that we landed on this god-awful planet, and it has come up with some interesting data.” Aaila said quietly so that only Kramer could hear her report. “The ship has had a series of localised minor electrical failures that started on the very first day that we landed, commencing about an hour before we closed up the ship for the night, and they have continued on and off ever since then. We have also had two relatively large electrical failures, one occurred at about the time Gonzales died and the second one occurred at exactly the time of Joe`s death.” Aaila stopped here to allow Kramer to butt in but he just nodded for her to continue on with her report.
“Sir, they cannot be coincidences, and as Joe died when not one of the crew or the scientists were aboard the ship, it must mean that we have a stowaway aboard, one who is somehow eluding us.” Aaila said and looked at Kramer as if expecting a brilliant answer to the puzzle that she had presented him with, instead he rebuked her.
“Aaila, why was I not told about the power failures before now?” Kramer complained loudly.
“Because, Captain, I have been too busy either searching the ship for an intruder or escorting Professor Taylor to the ruined city, as you must know, anything rather than doing my normal job. Our engineering department is having exactly the same problem, the chief cannot find the time to run a system check on our engines. I personally did not have the time to check the computer alerts until ten minutes ago, when you asked me to actually do the task that I signed on to do.” Aaila replied angrily.
“Why didn`t the computer send out an audible alarm then?” Kramer now asked equally angrily.
“For the same reason some of the other parts of the ship do not work, the system is falling apart, you should be grateful that anything works, and that I brought enough chewing gum aboard the ship to stick the parts of the electrical system together that do work.” Aaila protested.
It was now that Garner and Palin walked in to give Kramer their autopsy report, but apart from the grizzly details it was essentially the same as the report on Gonzales death. Kramer had calmed down, accepting the reasons that Aaila had given, so he asked her to tell the two men of her findings.
After she had finished, Kramer spoke to them. “I wonder if our uninvited guest could be using some sort of a jamming device that is affecting our systems.” Kramer said to those around him. “Aaila, do we still have a localised power failure anywhere on the ship?” Kramer asked her.
Excitement flashed on to Aaila`s face and she quickly turned to the computer, but the excitement soon vanished. “No, Captain.” Aaila said in deflated voice. “The last power failure was at the cargo ramp, it ended twenty seconds after we last came aboard the Galileo.” Silence filled the mess room for thirty seconds, then Kramer broke it.
“Aaila, can you have the computer alert us should another power failure occur, whoever or whatever is murdering our people is almost certainly behind the power failures, the next time our murderer returns we will be ready for them.”
“Of course, Captain, although it will take me some time, I will have to take our interstellar communications array off line so that it can send us a message on our localised communications system.” Aaila replied.
“Do it, we need to know what is happening on this planet, not elsewhere in the galaxy, you can reconnect it when we have this problem licked.” Kramer ordered. With their communications system down, it meant that he would have to be the one who broke the news to Rachel Carter about her husband’s death, but he would rather do that than have any other deaths on his hands.

**********

The Venetou were an intelligent creature, they were on a par with the Palaeolithic hunter gatherers of Earth, although they had long ago mastered speech and they had a fairly extensive vocabulary. They had watched with interest as the Bora had searched for them after the first death aboard the survey vessel, being forced to hide in plain sight within the small hold of the starship, using their hypnotic powers they easily blended into its grey walls. It was not fear that had made them hide, they just did not want to kill the Bora when they had no need to feed upon them. This time they decided not to stick around for the second search, for they now realised that this tribe of Bora was more intelligent than they had anticipated. Sarai had decided to take his mate to the deserted city, he was sure that they would be able to make a new secure den there, hidden amongst the strange dwellings of their former prey. From here they would be able to track their new prey, and feed upon them when hungry. When he reached the city, he thanked Selene his goddess for their last meal, he opened his mouth and howled into the darkening sky, his female joining him in their thanks to their god, Selene. They then donned two uniforms, ones that they had stolen from the Galileo.
“They itch Sarai, why must we wear them?” Talia asked grumpily.
“They will help us to become invisible Talia, my brain hurts when we use our powers on the Bora for long periods of time, these clothes will help us to blend in, you will see that I am right. It will make our life a lot simpler.” Sarai explained and Talia smiled across at her mate. “If our power wains for a moment they will only see our uniform, they will not notice who is inside of it.” Sarai said patiently.
“If you say so Sarai.”

**********

The next day, no one was left aboard the starship, everyone was with one of the surveying parties. They were out upon the planet searching for signs of useful minerals, or the flora and fauna, anything that could be used in the medical and weapons divisions of the Morang Corporation. Items that the Corporation desired so desperately to use or sell, and in doing so increase their already full coffers. The crew were all blinded to the simple but unescapable fact, which was that this world held a dangerous predator, one that would pose a mega danger to any miners or colonists that came to this planet looking for its wealth. However, they did keep an eye out for any signs of the builders of the deserted city.
Mary Taylor had Aaila Madani and David Jubal along with her on this trip to the ruined city. Kramer had decided to accompany the geologists Maria Alejandra and Haru Sato, who on their last trip had found a new mineral half way along the nearby ravine, it could turn out to be very important as it gave off an enormous amount of energy whenever the Geiger counter was brought anywhere near to it. Today he hoped to find enough of the mineral to warrant the outlay required to bring miners to Retem.

**********

David Jubal, Mary Taylor and Aaila Madani left the small hovercraft parked outside of the walled city and walked through the partly opened gates in to the city. They now entered into the gloom of its rough roads, a gloom that matched their own thoughts following yet another death by some sick caveman. Once inside, Jubal took a moment to look up at the overcast sky and he scowled, for the cloud cover made the city seem all the more forbidding, especially after the two murders aboard the survey vessel. In response to his feeling of dread, Jubal walked back to the two heavy wooden doors and pushed them wide open, and then he wedged them to stop them from closing over, he preferred a wide-open exit, should it become necessary to leave the city in a hurry.
For some reason Mary Taylor shunned the wide avenue that would lead them to the building that she had called a church, instead she chose a different direction, she chose to investigate the narrow streets, however, these were gloomier and filled with early morning shadows that added to Jubal`s sense of disquiet about today`s venture. The dark rooms glared out through the open windows of the buildings, almost threateningly, as they walked by them, the doors of these buildings, although mostly open, did not invite entry, they seemed to Jubal to be an obvious trap waiting there for the unwary.
The three searchers were led along through the twists and turns of the city, sometimes finding they had entered a dead end and at other times they led back to a street they had already walked along, it seemed to Aaila that they were partaking in an enormous game of snakes and ladders. She was bringing up the rear and she felt very exposed there, constantly glancing nervously back at the empty houses, half expecting someone to burst out and attack her. From behind her a door slammed and she spun around, her energy weapon already in her hand, her finger pressing on the trigger. A bolt of energy whistled through the air to explode against the door and throwing it off its hinges. She stood there breathing hard as she realised what she had done, the other two had spun around when they heard her energy bolt whistle through the air to explode against the solid wooden door.
Jubal laughed when he realised that it had been a mistake. “Well, Aaila, that is one dead door, are you going to stuff it and mount it on one of your walls back home?” He asked.
Aaila smiled ruefully. “Sorry about that David, Mary, but this place seems to be getting to me.” Aaila silently swore to herself that she would keep a tighter hold on her nerves.
“It`s no problem Aaila, I would much rather you killed a few doors rather than have one of the cavemen of this planet kill you.” He said smiling and Mary Taylor nodded her agreement to his words.
They moved further into the small walled city and Aaila found herself flinching whenever the wind caught hold of a door and slammed it shut. However, she managed to control her nerves, although she had almost fired her weapon twice more during the investigation of the lanes of the city, and the stress building up inside of her had now given her a headache.
All three had their energy weapon grasped firmly in their hand now, and with every sound, however faint, their fear grew stronger. However, Mary Taylor was not going to allow her fears to stop her from investigating the most important find of her career, although even she now questioned the wisdom of walking along these dark narrow lanes with a murderer on the loose.
Jubal alone put on a brave front; however, he was also feeling the stress caused by exploring such a place when two of their party had already been killed by some psychotic cave man.
At last, they found their way back to a section of the city that was not filled with shadows, their winding journey had brought them back to the wide avenue, and just before it entered a large square which in itself was another dead end. They all breathed a sigh of relief as they too entered the square, for the light, such as it was, streamed in from above. They immediately saw that the square was filled with statues of people, people who resembled the people of Earth, and not the picture that Mary had found on her first day within the city. They stood upon marble plinths and the figures were all portrayed in, according to Mary, Roman togas.
“So now we know just where the lost legion ended up.” Jubal said with a grin coming to his and Aaila’s faces. With a little more light within the square he felt better and he scolded himself for being so scared back there.
“David, Aaila, keep a watch out while I photograph these statues, they are simply fantastic.” Mary said in her serious mode, but she could not stop a smile coming to her face as she saw the faces of her friends. After the deaths they all needed a little light relief, wherever they could find it.
They both nodded and took up positions on either side of the square, Jubal watched the street that entered into the square, while nervously keeping an eye upon the empty doorways, and windows of the mud brick buildings around them.
“You both know that there can only be one name for this square.” Mary announced to her two protectors. “The square of the statues.” Jubal could think of another name for it, the perfect place to trap your victims. His gaze was moving from window to window in search of an archer or a spearman, thankfully the windows were all empty of such warriors, although he did get the impression that someone was watching them.
Aaila too felt it, along with her mounting fear, for she was a technician by trade not a soldier, she had only got into this for the money. Right this minute she would happily settle for a job, any job that would allow her to stay on one of the populated and very safe planets that Earth had come across during its voyages of discovery and subsequent colonisation. Aaila too watched the doors and windows, constantly turning to look at those hidden behind her. She turned again, this time to look at the buildings behind Jubal, and this time, from the corner of her eye she saw something move, it was behind one of the windows of a rather imposing looking building. She stared hard at the window looking for whatever had caught her eye, but no, it was empty, a mistake she told herself, just the wind blowing some remnant left behind by the builders, that or her nerves inventing problems.
Mary spent the next thirty minutes photographing the ten stone statues from every possible angle, she never noticed how the sky above the square darkened as a thunderstorm moved quickly across the western horizon. Not until it exploded above the outskirts of the city did she realise just how dark it had become and how foul the approaching storm was. Then the hailstones began to fall from the sky, and they were the size of golf balls. Aaila rushed for shelter within the nearest doorway, only to find that it had no roof as a large hailstone sped by her face. She hurried next door to find shelter within a small dark room, unfortunately she found that it only had one very small window set high up within the rear wall, and so it permitted very little light to enter this way. The narrow doorway through which she had run was the only other way for light to penetrate inside of the badly lit room, and it was getting darker inside as the storm now increased in intensity.
On the other side of the square Jubal took shelter within the doorway of a large imposing building, and once out of the storm he looked for the other two. He saw Mary Taylor dash inside of a small building which had retained part of its roof and so it sheltered her from the storm, but he could not see Aaila hidden within the darkened building that she had chosen, for the doorway was hidden by two of the huge statues. He made to move out of the doorway in an attempt to catch a sight of her when a hand covered his mouth, and then a second hand gripped him around the waist pulling him back inside of the building. Jubal fought to free himself from his unknown assailant’s grip but almost immediately he felt two sharp fangs enter his neck.

**********

“Well, where are they Captain, they have not answered any of their calls and it is getting dark now, we should go out after them, something may have happened to them.” Maria Alejandra declared.
“Normally, I would agree with you Maria, but two of our team have been murdered so far, and now three more of the team are missing, to go out when it is getting dark would be admirable, however it would also be very foolish. No, Maria, we will go out to the city first thing in the morning.”
Kramer felt ashamed to have said such a thing, but he knew that he was right. The others, apart from Maria that is, all looked to be very relieved at his decision, for they too did not fancy a trip out to the city, not when darkness was settling over its deserted buildings. This was especially so while the storm was still raging, making them even more uneasy than they already were, following the two deaths aboard the survey vessel. The storm interrupted Kramer`s guilty thoughts as it exploded in a series of loud crashes of thunder and blazing streaks of lightning. Maria though did not agree with Kramer, she saw it as a cowardly decision, and she stormed out of the room throwing dark looks at each of them that told them of her utter contempt for them at their treatment of their comrades, comrades who could be in the gravest danger.
At the sound of a door slamming behind Maria, Kramer turned to Palin in an attempt to take their minds off the accusations of cowardice that seemed to linger in the air.
“Professor Palin, you`re better with the computer than I am, will you check the ship for any of those localised power failures that Aaila discovered, I really would like to know that we are safe tonight, and that there are no uninvited guests hanging around.” Kramer asked.
“Yes, Captain, I too would prefer a quiet night in.” Palin replied in jest as he sought to lighten the mood, he turned and walked along to the bridge. “At least we now know that the murders were not committed by any of us, as each of us was always accompanied by two other people.”
“And Professor, no other team was near enough to the deserted city for anyone to slip away unnoticed, that is if we do find that Mary Taylor and her two escorts have also been attacked. We will then know for certain that it was by the inhabitants of this planet and not by anyone here.” Kramer said as he followed after the scientist. He knew that this knowledge would hardly signify a victory, for it would mean that more of their team would be dead, something that seemed all too likely now.

**********

The sun was just rising above the lake as those aboard the Galileo were readying themselves for the trip to the deserted city, no one spoke, and all of them were praying that they would find their three missing comrades safe and sound. There was also a growing desire amongst some of the team to then depart this hell hole of a planet and to never return to it.
“Professor Palin, you realise that the chances of finding any of the three alive are pretty slim?” Kramer said grimly as they left the survey ship and got into the large tracked vehicle parked outside.
“Yes, Captain, I have also come to that conclusion, as I think have the rest of our team.”
When Kramer looked about them, he saw the grim expressions upon all of the faces of his team, yes, they too knew the truth. The journey to the deserted city was very quiet with no one even attempting to start up a conversation. Fortunately, they made good time and soon arrived at its entrance, the first thing that they saw was the empty hovercraft, and Kramer brought their vehicle up alongside it.
“Well, Captain, we now know that our missing people are still somewhere inside the walls of this city.” Palin said. However, seeing the vehicle reinforced his thoughts, that their people were dead, for otherwise they would have been driving the hovercraft back to the survey vessel.
“How do you plan to conduct the search Captain?” Palin asked, a question the others wondered about, for they now knew it could be a dangerous task unless properly organised.
“We will stay together initially, take a brisk walk through the streets calling out to them, if we do not find them then we will have to consider our options.” Kramer replied grimly.
“Options, Captain?” Maria Alejandra enquired quietly.
Kramer looked across at her before replying, but from the fear on her face he saw that she too was afraid to split up into smaller groups, seeing as how a group of three people, all armed with energy weapons, had disappeared.
“I am not sure Maria, one option would be that we just stay together while we slowly and methodically search the city, but let`s just leave it there for now, see what our initial search turns up.”
Kramer did not want to offer any other options just yet, as earlier, when he had thought about this very subject, he had thought that they all seemed to be rather dangerous. The others did not press him, for they were afraid lest they pushed him into an option that none of them wanted to consider, not right then, maybe never.
Kramer led the way through the open gates of the city just as the sun lit up the main street, to nine very worried, maybe even scared people, it seemed a good omen, and one they desperately needed to raise their battered hopes and steady their jangling nerves. Kramer decided to follow the wide sun lit street, rather than lose himself amongst the narrow side streets. They called out the names of their missing friends as they walked down the quiet sunlit streets, it seemed a peaceful morning stroll, they soon came to the church and later, beyond the church, to the square of the statues, it was now that the atmosphere changed.
Scattered around the square they found the equipment of their missing team, strewn around by whoever had attacked them, for the missing people would never have treated their equipment in such a way.
“Chief Engineer Mayers and Engineer Milano will you stand guard before this building, as the most expensive of the equipment is outside of it. Professor Taylor would only have left it laying on the ground if she were in great danger, anyway it seems to be a good place as any to start our search.” In fact, the Venetou had left it there, after inspecting it to see just what it was.
“Doctor Garner and Professor Alejandra, will you stand guard at the entrance to the square. The rest of us will search the building for any sign of our missing people, keep alert, we cannot afford to lose anyone else.” Kramer announced grimly. With that he walked towards the building before him that had only a narrow doorway and a very small window set high up in the rear wall.
Kramer entered first, the powerful flashlight that he carried in his hand lighting up the room, John Palin followed him and then Kristiana Georgiou, Ricardo Anceris and finally an apprehensive Haru Sato. As the beam of the flashlight moved around the dark and dusty room it found the body of Aaila. Kristiana screamed as the flashlight picked out the mutilated right eye of Aaila. Ricardo turned around and was sick in the corner of the room which in turn made Sato bring up his breakfast. Whether it was the terrible sight of the mutilated eye, or just plain fear that had caused their two friends to throw up, the others did not know, however, they too felt very queasy.
The others standing outside of the building felt a sense of dread as they waited to hear something from the searchers, but Kristiana`s scream had already pre-warned them as to what they would be told. Fifteen minutes later and they had discovered all three of their team, all of them killed in exactly the same way. The bodies were returned to the Galileo for an autopsy, but no one doubted what it would find. Three people armed with energy weapons had died without seeming to have even fired a shot.

**********

Mary Taylor though had fired a shot, it had been ten minutes after the storm had driven them all in search of shelter, and she had heard nothing from her two friends since then. She was crouched against the rear wall of the building in which she hid, she called out to Aaila and Jubal, her voice not much more than a whisper as fear bit deep inside her, but neither of them answered her timid calls. She called again, her voice now even less than a whisper as fear engulfed her, she now pulled out her energy weapon and standing up she walked slowly towards the empty doorway, the energy weapon shaking in her hand. A flash of lightning lit up the square, it also lit up the two Venetou for a moment, for one moment Mary thought that Aaila and David Jubal were walking towards her. Then a larger bolt of lightning lit up their faces and Mary screamed on seeing the evil grins of the two Venetou who were now relishing this final meal of the day. Mary fired her weapon, the bolt of energy whistling between the two Venetou to blast against one of the statues within the square. Then the two Venetou disappeared from her sight as darkness returned to the square, she stood there petrified, unable to run, unable to fire her weapon again. It was only a matter of seconds later when she felt two hands grab hold of her and she was pulled forward into an embrace with the larger of the two Venetou, her weapon pointing uselessly towards the dark sky. The Venetou looked into her eyes as he opened his mouth, Mary thought for a moment that the creature was going to kiss her neck, but then she felt the fangs enter her neck and she stood rigid for just a moment. She knew she was about to die, but then all she could do was to fall forward to crash down upon the wet ground of the square. The two Venetou quickly dragged her body within the building and once there they proceeded to feed upon Mary Taylor, a woman who only yesterday had been so excited at seeing the deserted city.

*********

Safely back inside the Galileo, nine people were discussing their options, should they stay and attempt to complete the survey of the planet, or should they flee.
“Professor Palin, as I see it, we do not have sufficient crew to search for our attackers, and only by staying close together can we stop our enemy from killing any more of us. It will mean our making just a preliminary survey, but I think that for us, it will be the only way to survey this particular planet. A better armed party can return at a later date to do a full survey, that and exterminate who ever are killing our crew.” Kramer said looking at Palin.
It was up to Palin to decide as he was the senior scientist, the others of his team were gathered around them to discuss the matter in the small mess room, one which now seemed so much larger. However, it was Professor Alejandra who voiced her opinion first.
“Are you insane Captain? My god we should leave here now, before it is too late.” Maria Alejandra pleaded. “Please Captain, before any more of us are murdered. My god I jump at every sound, even the breeze is enough to scare me, please Captain, will you take us away from this planet, now, please.” Maria begged desperately.
“No, Maria, I believe that the captain is correct, a preliminary survey is well within our capabilities, anyway, to be run off this planet by an aboriginal tribesman is ludicrous.” Palin argued, for he was in favour of staying to complete their task and would see any other option as a disgrace.
“Who is to say it is one of the builders, Mary did not get the chance to look into the reason behind their disappearance, maybe the reason is still out there, waiting to kill even more of us, no, I am in agreement with Maria, let’s get off this planet.” Haru Sato said. Fear filled his voice and caused him to spill his coffee, it splattered down onto his shoes. He did not notice though, for his attention was fixed on Kramer. “And in any case, how could an aboriginal tribesman be capable of doing such things to our people, it is ludicrous to even suggest such a thing? The technology behind the weapon that made the ten-minute holes behind the eyes tells us that, it is beyond any civilisation that is not at least on a par with our own.” Sato declared angrily.
“No, Haru, Maria, first we will at least attempt to complete a part survey of this corner of the planet.” Kramer replied and immediately winced when Maria Alejandra, closely followed by Kristiana Georgiou, ran angrily from the mess to her cabin in tears, Kristiana slamming the door of Maria`s cabin behind her as she attempted to console her friend.
The official discussion was brought to end when Kramer walked up to the bridge to bring the ship`s log up to date, but the unofficial discussion continued into the small hours of the morning.

**********

The next day saw the three remaining survey teams leave the Galileo together, they would make their survey as a single body, even Palin accepted that they could survey the planet in no other way unless they found and destroyed their mysterious attacker. It saw them working along one of the streams that fed the lake, in this way the three teams could work together.
John Palin and Ricardo Anceris were working close to the stream looking for new specimens to catch. Kristiana Georgiou was working alongside them as she studied the aquatic plant life. Maria Alejandra was wading behind them as she looked for anything of geological interest, she was in fact bored to tears, if they must stay on this terrible planet then she wanted to return to her ravine and search once again for more of that interesting crystal that she found on her first trip there. Palin had promised that tomorrow they would all visit the ravine where she could continue her search for the crystal that promised so much potential. Her fear of yesterday had dissipated, a little anyway, working as a large group made her feel safe, now all she wanted was to look for interesting geological items.
Haru Satu was also bored, he had decided to stare at a large rock that he thought may be proof that this planet had at one time at least gone through an ice age. For the rock should not be sitting there, it seemed most likely that it had been moved by a glacier as it retreated back to the north pole of this planet.
Charles Milano and Chief engineer Karl Mayers were both on the opposite bank of the small stream ensuring that nothing came at them from that direction, happy to be enjoying a moment of peace and tranquillity. Doctor Garner was not feeling tranquil, he was with the scientists and studying a bush, it was some thirty feet ahead of them and it was swaying quite violently, however, there was not even a trace of a breeze. Captain Kramer also noticed it now, and he moved past Doctor Garner who then followed him, but to one side so that he could see the bush and the surrounding area. He thought he saw a ‘shimmering’ of the green vegetation moving away from the bush, then bushes near the ‘shimmering’ of colour swayed and then one swayed that was even further away.
Kramer reached the first bush that had caught their eye and here he found a footprint in the soft earth around the bush, it was made by a bare foot. He smiled, a lead at last he thought to himself, and then proceeded cautiously on towards the next bush that had swayed, with Doctor Garner following closely behind him. However, no one could ascertain just why, as there was no sign of any creature near to the bushes, just the one foot print. The scientists’ en-masse, Captain Kramer and Doctor Garner, plus the two engineers who were following on the other bank of the stream, were drawn towards the bushes as one, all eager to investigate the cause of this mysterious movement.
They never saw the attack on Haru Satu, he was grabbed from behind, a hand covering his mouth to stop him from crying out, and a strong hand on his shoulder and turning him neck towards the male Venetou. With the soft neck of Satu now in the correct position, Sarai now drove his two fangs deep into it, Satu stiffened at the pain as the powerful toxin spread through his body. Satu was pulled quietly down amongst the green vegetation of the forest floor where moments later his precious life-force was torn from him.
It was only a little later, after they had all returned to the place they had left before they had been decoyed away, that Kristiana Georgiou looked about for him. “Where is Haru, he is not with us?” She asked so quietly, as if scared that someone might hear her question and tell her what she was now fearing to even think about.
Everyone looked up from their work along the river bank and stared at her, fear coming quickly to their faces when Haru did not answer their calls to him.
“He was working behind me Captain by that large rock.” Palin announced fearfully. He only had to take a few steps, once by the rock he saw the body of their comrade laying on his back on the damp ground, and he had been killed in exactly the same way as the others had been.
“Everyone back to the Galileo now, I am sorry Maria, you and Haru were right, we should have left this planet when we could. Quickly now team, before any more of us are killed, we will have to leave Haru here, I am sure that he will understand.” Kramer ordered and not one of his team argued his decision to leave their friend upon the ground of this unfriendly planet.
As they hurried back alongside the small river, and then through the woodland that would lead them to the lake, they were too busy looking after themselves to see Ricardo Anceris fall to the ground, he had been tripped by the Talia, the female Venetou, winded he had not been able to cry out in alarm. Had they turned they would have seen Talia appear as she bit him with her two deadly fangs, moments later and she was crouched over the still form of Anceris, and it was now that she began to feed upon him. The others arrived back at the Galileo before he was found to be missing, and now panic took hold of nearly everyone, Kramer led the way back aboard the survey ship, the ones at the rear pushing the ones in front as panic finally took over their minds.

**********

The Venetou sensed that their prey, their food, was about to run away from their land around the large lake, and without a moment`s thought they followed the terrified people back aboard the Galileo. They were not going back to a subsistence level of living, not when they had once again tasted the high life, as they saw it. They felt a thrill at the thought of the strange den taking them to another part of their world, with Sarai following the leader of the Bora to the small bridge of the Galileo.
Talia though was more interested in finding a place that would be suitable for their new den, she made immediately for the hold of the starship, here it was dark, and it was in here that they had hidden away before. They did not need to use their powers too much here to stay hidden from view, for she always felt so tired after a long hunt, when they were forced to use their powers for too long a time. That of course was before she had fed upon the life-force of her prey. It was also nice and dry within this den of the Bora, and not too cold, although a little uncomfortable, however, it would do for a short period of time.

**********

“Chief, we are leaving immediately, please start the engines in preparation for lift off.” Kramer ordered Chief Engineer Mayer, who acknowledged his order with a nod and hurriedly left the small bridge of the Galileo with his assistant Charles Milano closely following behind.
On the bridge Palin was haranguing Kramer for not leaving the planet earlier, forgetting that he had been in agreement with Kramer`s decision to stay. As he screamed his abuse at the captain, he saw a ghostly figure moving behind Kramer. Sarai had made what could be a fatal mistake by coming up onto the bridge, even he found it difficult to concentrate on using his hypnotic powers, it was because of all of the bridge equipment with its many different coloured lights, its many different monitors each showing something different but vital to the safe operation of the ship. Palin pulled out his energy weapon and fired, the bolt of energy whistled though the air but missed Sarai, who he had only seen as a ghost moving towards him, rippling as Sarai attempted to clear his mind and concentrate on making himself appear invisible to anyone near to him. However, the bolt of energy had to go somewhere and it exploded against the ship`s bank of computers sending a shower of sparks and starting a fire. Just one second later and Sarai grabbed a hold of Palin and bit deeply into his soft neck to prevent him from firing again, and all the while Kramer`s attention was on the explosion behind him. Palin cried out in pain. Turning, Kramer saw a shimmer of movement behind the falling body of John Palin, but no actual shape, and then he watched as Palin`s slack body hit the floor of the starship with a loud thump. For a moment Kramer was stunned, should he looked for the creature, that had now disappeared, if that shimmer of movement had indeed been the creature, or go to the assistance of Palin. Kramer could now see the bite marks made by the creature so he knew that John Palin would die before help would come in the shape of Doctor Garner. The noise of the fires that were burning away behind him now called for his urgent attention, he turned and saw that the fires were quickly consuming his computers and they were beginning to get out of control, he needed to extinguish them, and before they spread and caused even more damage.
Sarai had disappeared into the gangway just as the rest of the crew arrived to see just what was happening. What they saw was Palin, just lying there and looking very much as if he was dead, this and the destruction he had unwittingly caused, they now felt the cold hand of fear grab a hold of their heart and squeeze so very hard.
“What the hell happened Chris?” Garner asked as soon as he arrived on to the bridge. He hurried across to the Palin and attempted to resuscitate him, but it was no good, the toxin from the Venetou was too strong.
“Professor Palin must have somehow seen the creature over my shoulder, he pulled out his energy weapon and fired at it, unfortunately all he took out was our bank of computers, then he just collapsed upon the floor, it was only then that I saw the bite marks of the creature.” Kramer explained to those crowding around him. “I think that I too saw a blur of movement, but then it was gone.” Kramer said looking around the bridge for signs of the creature.
“Well, Chris, these are the same puncture marks that we found on the other victims.” Garner said grimly.
“In that case it must mean that those creatures are all but invisible, for as I said, all that I saw was a blur of movement, and then only for an instant, and then it was gone.” Kramer groaned fearfully.
“My god Captain, if there is one of those creatures aboard the ship then you must do something, you told us that you now have a way of finding it, what are you waiting for, find it so that we can kill it before it kills the rest of us.” Professor Kristiana Georgiou demanded.
“Unfortunately, that option is not open to us now Kristiana, Professor Palin destroyed all of our computers when he shot at the creature, and with it our only chance of finding the creature. I am afraid that even getting back to New Caledonia will take all of my knowledge together with a batch of good luck, and luck is something we seem to be rather short on.” Kramer replied despondently.
Just then Chief Mayers called the bridge on the intercom. “We are ready down here, Captain, just say the word.
Kramer looked at those standing around him. “Take a seat everyone, I will need you to protect me so that I can get us home safely.” Kramer then spoke to his engineer. “We are lifting off now Chief, be warned, we have at least one of those creatures aboard the ship, and it may well be invisible.”
The chief engineer looked across at his assistant and swallowed loudly. “Charlie, lock all the entry points into engineering, I just wish that we had one of those the infrared detectors that are sitting safe and snug in the hold. Maybe with one of those operating we would be able to see if there is one of the creatures in here with us, for then I could blast it to kingdom come.” He said angrily before contacting the bridge and telling them of his idea of using infrared detectors to locate their terrible enemy, unfortunately those on the bridge were too afraid to risk a trip along to the ship`s hold.
The survivors aboard the Galileo were lucky that the survey vessel had been able take off after the destruction of so much vital technology up on the bridge, but soon they were on their way back to the planet of New Caledonia, and they hoped safety. For here on board the Galileo their terrible enemy stalked them through the passageways of their starship.
For two days the Venetou were forced to eat some of the food that they found stored away in the ship`s hold, fortunately for them the life-force that they had fed on before the ship left Retem kept them strong. However, they were now hungry for more of the Bora`s life-force, and were watching for another chance to feed on the crew of the Galileo.
The crew of the Galileo had been taking it in turns to sleep, right now only Katriana and Kramer were awake, although Kramer was well and truly exhausted as he had been without sleep for the entire two days. Katriana needed the toilet badly and it was just outside in the passageway that led to the bridge, something told her that it would be safe for her to use it. Unfortunately, for her, the two Venetou ensured that she never returned to the bridge. When the others found that she was missing, they did not dare to go in search of her. However, they were now so afraid that they decided to stay awake for the remaining two days of their terrible journey.
Two days later, an exhausted crew finally succumbed to the one thing their bodies craved, sleep. They had all been fighting it for most of the four days of the trip back to New Caledonia, Doctor Garner had dosed them up with drugs to stop them from falling sleep, and fear had provided the final stimulus to staying awake. Even so they had all finally slipped off into the arms of blessed sleep just two hours away from their destination, with a little help from the Venetou who used their hypnotic powers to send messages of sleep to the tired crew. Kramer awoke with a jerk to find that they had been travelling through space without anyone awake on the bridge, and with no computer to guide them safely to the planet of New Caledonia. The personal computer that was all he had to guide them through to New Caledonia was sending out a shrill blast of sound, it was this that had awakened him. It was telling him that they had safely arrived in the vicinity of the planet New Caledonia. Feeling just a bit shaky he quickly woke the others, and exhausted as they were, they prepared to take the ship out of hyperspace, soon they would be preparing to go into orbit around the planet of New Caledonia.

Chapter Three

New Caledonia

The planet of New Caledonia was so named because the first man to set foot upon the planet had a large amount of Scottish blood running through his veins, and when he caught sight of the heather that covered the highland part of the planet, he felt homesick.
Kramer was totally relieved to see their home planet, he took the starship down through the atmosphere, through the tall cloud banks and there below them was what remained of the great northern forest. He followed this west and this soon took him to the planet`s spaceport, however he found that he was faced with something of a problem. With all of the ship`s communication`s systems destroyed by Palin`s energy bolt, he could not alert the planetary authorities that they were about to land at the spaceport, or of their other problem, that they had at least one invisible killer aboard their ship. With no options open to him, he brought the survey ship down to the safety of the spaceport unannounced, and thinking only of the security of the planet he landed away from the other craft spread around the spaceport, however, he parked as near as possible to the security wing of the spaceport. Kramer felt that the worst was over, but there was one more terrible ordeal the survivors on the Galileo would have to endure before they were able to escape. It was Maria Alejandra who brought it to their attention when she enquired shakily where Doctor Mason Garner was, but once again no one dared go and look for him.
Kramer, and the other members of his crew that still lived, now walked along the empty gangways of the ship towards the craft`s main air lock. It was near to the airlock that they found the two missing crew members, they had both been murdered, and Doctor Garner during the last hour, their bodies lay on the floor next to two chairs in the small clinic of the Galileo. Doctor Garner had retired there after giving the crew their last shots to keep them awake, and there was no doubt as to what had killed him or Katriana Georgiou. Why they had done such a stupid thing as to leave the safety of the bridge, the survivors could not even hazard a guess. In fact, it had been the hypnotic power of the Venetou that had got control of their minds and convinced their tired brains that it would be safe to leave the safety of the bridge.
Kramer now resorted to an extraordinary measure, one never needed when landing on one of the planets that had been colonised by Earth, he put on a spacesuit and then entered the main airlock. Once inside, it was closed after him by Chief Mayers who manually operated the airlock from the gangway, Chief Mayers now emptied the airlock of air, and then after one minute refilled it with air again. This measure Kramer thought would ensure that none of the alien creatures aboard the ship would escape it. He then opened the exterior door of the air lock and stepped out onto the hard surface of the spaceport, he now took off the helmet of his space suit and walked towards the people who were hurrying towards him.
As the authorities had been unable to contact the Galileo as it approached and landed at the spaceport, and now wondered at the strange way this man had left his ship, the authorities knew that something must be seriously wrong aboard the Galileo. A small team of security men had rushed out and now they mounted a guard around the ship to prevent anyone else leaving the vessel. The senior security man then approached Kramer, who looked haggard from his lack of sleep, but immediately recognising him the security looked quizzically at him.
“Is everything okay Captain, you look terrible?” He asked realising that there probably was a problem, for why else would Kramer look so haggard and leave his ship in such a way. Kramer told him the abridged version as he realised that he would have to repeat himself to the head of planetary security.
“Okay Captain, you had better hold it right there, until our head of security gets here.” He ordered Kramer who stopped where he was, but he now pleaded with the security man to urge his superior to make all haste, for the safety of his crew who were still aboard the survey ship depended on it.
Francis Strom, the head of security at the spaceport, and also of anything to do with the Morang Corporation, soon turned up, as his offices in the council building were just five minutes away from the spaceport. After introducing himself he asked just what the problem was aboard the ship.
“Here is my ship`s log together with the log of our doctor, they will tell you everything that you need to know Mr Strom. However, let me tell you the main problem, we have an unfriendly alien presence aboard my ship, one that had taken the lives of ten members of my crew, and it is invisible. It must be prevented from leaving the ship at all costs, as the consequences would be fatal for the colonists here on New Caledonia, if it were to escape from the ship.”
Kramer felt some relief at passing the matter over to someone else, now maybe he could find the time to get some sleep. After that he knew that he would have come to terms with all that had happened on the planet Retem and also on his ship, and all in so short a period of time.
“There are still three of my crew aboard the Galileo, please hurry.” Kramer begged the security man who was glancing at the log entries of the starship`s doctor.
Strom was a little taken aback by Kramer`s description of the alien, had he said invisible? However, he decided to let this point slide for the moment. Instead, he glanced at the last few log entries made by Kramer and seeing them he looked directly at Kramer.
“If the situation aboard your vessel is so dangerous, just why did your remaining crew members stay aboard, why not allow them to come out with you?” Strom asked, in truth he was just a little baffled by this action, and it seemed to Strom that maybe the situation aboard the survey vessel might not be quite as Kramer was making it out to be. Maybe the good captain had gone space crazy and had murdered all of his crew, and this tale was designed to cover up his deed.
“We had an explosion aboard our ship, it is why we could not contact you before our arrival, it took out all of our communications and it also disabled some of the systems that operate the airlock, it can now only be operated from the gangway on the other side of the airlock.” Kramer explained. He had seen the disbelief in Strom`s eyes but had disregarded it, he had more problems than a second-rate security man to deal with right now.
“So why didn`t you and your crew take care of the alien, Captain, I thought that you planetary survey types were more than capable of dealing with the odd alien?” Strom asked still not buying Kramer`s story.
“We normally are, however, these aliens are not only brutal killers, as I told you they are also invisible, something that we discovered a little too late, which is why I lost so many of my crew.” Kramer replied bitterly.
Strom looked at Kramer strangely, as if trying to sum him up, however, he appeared to give up trying to be a psychologist and just shrugged.
“Okay, then Captain, your ship is now under quarantine, no one is to leave it unless I agree to it. Do you want to return to your ship and you crew, or will you come with me while I make the necessary arrangements to get your crew off safely?” Strom had to ask the question although he thought that he knew the answer.
“I will return to what remains of my crew, they are still in the gravest of danger Mr Strom, once again, I beg of you, please help my crew to get off my ship!” With that Kramer entered the airlock and joined the three members of his team, who thankfully were still alive.
A long telescopic security tunnel was soon attached to the hull of the ship, fully enclosing the airlock, and only now were the four surviving members of the crew of the survey ship Galileo finally allowed to leave it. They walked along the security tunnel until they reached the head of security, Francis Strom, who was standing at the far end of it. He was waiting for them at the entrance to the isolation wing of the planet`s main spaceport building.
“Mr Strom, please take care, the aliens aboard our ship are now free to follow us along the security tunnel, have your people ready, and do remember they are invisible creatures. Can you tell me just how do you propose to deal with them?” Kramer somehow managed to ask as tiredness threatened to overcome him.
“Do not worry Captain, you are about to leave the tunnel and enter the building, the tunnel will be sealed at this point and then the tunnel will be closed up and finally a toxic gas will be pumped in to it and your ship, nothing will survive, take my word on it.” Strom promised.
Kramer smiled and then followed his remaining crew into the building before them with Francis Strom following on behind him instead of supervising the work of sealing the tunnel.
Strom may not have believed their story, however he always covered his butt, so just in case there was any truth in the story told by Kramer, he had ordered the planet`s bio-hazard team to pump the ship full of a powerful toxin, this would kill any alien presence aboard the starship, real or imaginary
Kramer and the others did not see the sealing of the tunnel, in fact it only happened five minutes later, and unbeknown to everyone, it was only after the two Venetou had also left the ship. They were still dressed in the uniforms of the two of the dead crew of the Galileo, they had found that it helped them when they used their powers, to be dressed as the locals, in case they became distracted and their cloak of invisibility dropped. They had simply walked on by the single security man who was standing idly by and waiting for the rest of his team to return, he never even noticed anything when they stood next to him for a moment and breathed in the scent of his life-force. The other members of his team had gone in search of the seal, for they had forgotten it when they had moved the security tunnel out of storage and connected it up between the ship and the building. It was part of their standard procedure, to bring it whenever the security tunnel was required, however, this was the first time that the security tunnel had ever been required, and they had simply forgotten the seal.
Kramer and his crew were about to have yet another surprise, they were about to be arrested. During their wait aboard the Galileo, the head of the planetary council on New Caledonia had been contacted by Strom. On telling him about the current emergency, and of Kramer`s story, he also told him of his own scepticism regarding it. The councilman immediately ordered that the surviving crew members were to be arrested, they were to be held until after the full planetary council had read the logs and the ship had been searched by the bio-hazard team. Only then would a decision be made by the planetary council as to the truth behind this incredible story.
They had just entered into the main reception area of the isolation wing when Strom and his men formed a circle around them. “Captain, you and your people are under arrest by the order of the planetary council. If you would please surrender your weapons, our security will ensure that you and your crew are well protected.” Strom demanded. Kramer looked at the security men gathered around his team, they had all taken their energy weapons out and were pointing them at his team. With a look of disgust, he passed his weapon to Strom, and after just a second’s hesitation the other three survivors followed suit.
“Just what are you charging us with Mr Strom?” Kramer demanded to know.
“The planetary council wants to investigate your story Captain, before allowing you and your crew to leave the security wing, let`s just say that they find your story a little hard to believe.” Strom answered with a supercilious smirk upon his face.
“Mr Strom, as soon as your people board our ship you will have all the evidence that you need, assuming that you have indeed dealt with the alien creatures aboard the Galileo.” Kramer demanded to know.
“Do not worry about your aliens captain, as I told you earlier, the ship has been pumped full of a toxic gas.” This was not quite true, it would be fully five more minutes before the bio-hazard team would arrive at the spaceport with the supply of the toxic gas, in the meantime the Venetou, who were no longer anywhere near the Galileo, were waiting for everyone to vacate this area so that they could proceed further into the building. The security team that Strom had detailed to prevent anything or anyone else from leaving the Galileo, having failed miserably on their duty, and as for Kramer and his crew, they were simply too exhausted to push any more.
Kramer, thinking that all was well as far as the alien menace was concerned, decided to endure this other madness for as long as it lasted, they would be released as soon as the dead creatures were found aboard his ship. He now took a moment to look around the reception area, there was an office to one side, while on the other side were two white doors, in front of him the corridor hit a junction and went off in two opposite directions, his inspection was now brought to a quick halt.
“Okay, Captain you and your team must change into the uniform that you will find through either of these two doors, do not worry, it is only necessary because of the body scan which you must pass through before we can allow you to enter the main part of the building. If you have any personal effects, they should be left within the blue bags that you will also find within the changing rooms. As with your clothes these items will be returned to you later in the day.
“Body scan, what the hell is all this crap, you are treating us as criminals, we have not done anything, I demand to see someone in authority before I move another step.” Kramer declared loudly enough to scare Strom who immediately raised his energy weapon and threatened him.
“Captain, please follow our instructions, or one of you is going to get hurt.” Strom advised grimly. Kramer looked at the security men around them and noted the energy weapons that they all held, and all of the weapons were pointing at him and his crew.
“What the hell, have your fun.” He shouted at Strom in disgust.
With that he turned, and opening the right-hand door entered the changing room, he was closely followed by the two men while Maria Alejandra entered the other room. On the wall they found a pair of bright red cotton trousers and a matching jacket, they could all be forgiven for thinking they had been put in prison rather that a medical quarantine unit, which is where they thought they were, unfortunately they were in error.
Suitable dressed, their way now led them to the body scanner that Strom had mentioned, this would ensure that they were not bringing anything other than themselves into the main part of the isolation wing of the spaceport building. Following the scan, they were asked to wait for a moment in the forward reception area, it was a large room that they had to themselves, and being exhausted they fell asleep sprawled out upon the benches. Francis Strom had guards posted at the door to prevent them from leaving, however, he did not wake them.
Twenty seconds after the four survivors had left the room containing the body scanner, the unit had automatically operated twice more, but unfortunately there was no one in the room to take note of it.
The full council had been quickly assembled, and after they had read the contents of the two ship`s logs, they too found that they disbelieved much of what was written in them. They confirmed that the four survivors of the Galileo must be held until after a full investigation had been completed.
It was one hour later that Francis Strom entered the forward reception area and woke them. They assumed that they would now be released, however, there was another surprise in store for them, the four survivors were not released, instead they were taken to the security section meant for undesirable aliens. In different circumstances, Kramer would have found this to be supremely ironic. At the security section each of the four people was led towards a different cell, and now Kramer really complained.
“Mr Strom, I demand to know why you are putting us into what I can only presume is the prison section of this facility, just what crime are we supposed to have committed?” Kramer asked his voice raised in anger.
“I have been instructed to place each of you in confinement while your individual cases are looked into by the ruling council of New Caledonia. There are some amongst the members of the council who are querying parts of your story, let us just say that they find it hard to believe. Now if you will all step inside your rooms, I can then concern myself with assisting them and so ensure that your release is all the sooner.”
“Mr Strom, when are your people going to board the Galileo, to check that the alien creatures are in fact dead, as that will then prove that everything that we have told you is true?” Kramer asked angrily.
“As soon as it is thought to be safe to go aboard her, in the mean time you will all have to be patient. Now please enter your rooms.” Strom replied with his security team standing close behind him, and still with their energy weapons pointed at their four prisoners. Kramer surrendered, to do anything else was pointless and could mean someone being hurt. He walked into his cell, for it definitely was not a room, and his three crew members followed suit and entered theirs. As soon as they stepped within the cells, they were all locked electronically by one of the security operatives from within the main security office.
Kramer was crushed by all that was happening to them, and he looked to have aged twenty years since stepping on to the planet New Caledonia. It was five hours later that their personal possessions were returned to them, but their clothes were still withheld by the authorities, as was any information regarding the search of the Galileo.

**********

Later that day Strom was contacted by the commander of the bio-hazard team that had pumped the Galileo full of the toxic gas, they informed him that after carrying out an exhaustive search they had found no sign of the aliens, invisible or otherwise, anywhere aboard the survey ship.
This was just about what Strom had expected, the story told by the survivors of the Galileo was a tissue of lies. He now passed this information onto the planetary council who agreed with his assessment of the report.
It was one hour after this that Kramer and the others were told that the planetary council wanted to ask them a few questions to help clear up a misunderstanding, this information cheered the four survivors, for they hoped to then be released from their confinement.
Kramer was the first to be questioned, he was taken to a small room which led off the main security room. It had one table and three chairs inside of it, and this furniture took up much of the available space, on the far wall was a large glass mirror. If Kramer had not already known that there was still a chance that they were suspected of being behind the deaths of the other members of the crew, he did now, but even so, seeing the large mirror sent his spirits nose diving towards the floor. Obviously, his interrogation, not interview, which was all he had expected when first landing on New Caledonia, was being recorded, and probably more people stood in the room behind the mirror, listening in to his version of events, and they would use whatever he said against him.
Inside the room with him were Council man Valik Balsam and Council woman Carole Masters who both sat opposite him, behind them Council man Eric Swanson stood glaring down at Kramer. He now told these three council members of their invisible enemy, one that had killed ten of his team. Initially the council members did not believe a word of his story and were trying to decide whether he was lying to them or was just insane.
“Captain Kramer.” Balsam said. “Can you explain to us why no alien bodies were found upon the Galileo, when your whole story revolves around them?” Balsam looked rather smug when he smiled at his two colleagues.
“What do you mean that there were no alien bodies aboard the Galileo, there must have been, you killed them, or your Mr Strom said that you had killed them!” Kramer exclaimed in fear, his blood pressure rising and his anger now about to explode.
The interview was halted here, for the council members feared that Kramer was about to get violent. They, however, said that they wanted to discuss what had been said and Kramer was taken back to his cell protesting loudly. The council now decided to interview the other three survivors, however, the other three members of the survey team backed up his story.
The council now had to decide which of three possible options was correct. The first option was that the four survivors were lying for reason or reasons unknown. The second option was that the crew of the starship were all suffering from some dangerous form of space sickness, an option that seemed to fit the known facts, although they had not been seen by a doctor, or a psychiatrist as yet. The third and most scary option was that the crew of the Galileo had brought back to New Caledonia, creatures only dreamt of in their nightmares, and that these creatures had somehow escaped. Thankfully, they told themselves, the chief of the planetary security, Mr Strom, had ensured that any alien creature would have been killed when he had arranged to fumigate the inside of the survey vessel.
The council arranged for a doctor to meet with the crew in the morning, and so the meeting was adjourned until after they had received the medical report. The survivors had all been returned to their cells, here they talked about the interrogations and how they thought they went. Outside Lydia Mann who was on night duty at the security facility, recorded all of their conversations for her superiors to hear in the morning.

**********

The two Venetou had stayed within the security offices, they saw the remaining crew of the survey ship as a possible danger to them. When the four survivors of the starship had been returned to their cells, they had slipped inside two of the cells, then they waited for night to fall and for their intended victims to fall asleep.
A massive thunder storm woke Chief Engineer Karl Mayers early the next morning from his deep sleep, still feeling exhausted from his ordeal, he turned over onto his side to try to get back to sleep. It was now that someone pushed him face down onto the bed, his mouth buried into the pillow muffling his protests. His attacker now sat on his back and shoved his mouth and nose deeper into the softness of the pillow. He attempted to struggle but found that in this position it was difficult, especially as his attacker held him firmly down in a grip of iron. Soon he began to lose consciousness and then Sarai, the male Venetou, turned him over onto his back and drove his fangs deep into Mayers` neck, while covering his mouth with a hand. Mayers was barely conscious, but he still attempted to scream, such was the pain. However, the hand covering his mouth muffled his screams, and so no one came to check on him. The toxin acted fast, first it had attacked his vocal cords before moving onto the rest of his muscular system. He did attempt to renew his struggle against his attacker, but to his ever-growing fear he found that he was unable to, because of the toxin. It was now that the form of Sarai shimmered into sight, amid a bright flash from the electrical storm that lit up the room, Mayers would have cried, had he been able to, for he knew that even after reaching New Caledonia, the creature had got to him, and that he was about to die.
Charlie Milano died just a moment later, he was in the next cell, Talia, the female Venetou was sitting at the end of his bed, satisfied from her meal and thinking of other things, she knew the time of mating was upon her, she was well fed and her mate was strong. The Bora of this new place would provide her with the necessary strength to feed her child while it was growing within her, as well as after she had given birth.

**********

The capital city of New Caledonia was built around a large bay that formed a small part of the larger Atlantic Ocean; another name chosen by its first settler to make him feel even more at home. A wide river ran to one side of the small city, the river was hemmed in between the western edges of the city and by the high granite cliffs on its far side. The other two sides of the city looked out upon the trees of the large northern forest that had at one time stretched for a thousand miles to the high mountains which stopped its march to the northern coast of the main land mass of New Caledonia. Now much of the land had been ploughed up and the new farms now provided the food for the people of the planet. It was a delightful planet to live on, the problems of Earth long forgotten by its people, unfortunately their quiet life was about to experience a terrible evil, something that the people thought they had left far behind them.

**********

A tall well-built man stood outside of the isolation wing of the spaceport building, he reached out his hand and pressed the buzzer to alert the security person on duty that the day shift had arrived. Roge Revere had worked here for the last five years, it was not much of a job and he would have preferred something better, but at least it paid the bills, he thought wearily. Inside the security room of the isolation wing, Lydia Mann yawned, she reached across her desk and opened the security door using her touch screen computer. Revere entered through the now open door and walked into the security section of the spaceport building. He smiled at the officer who had been working alone on the night watch, and who was thinking how great it would be to finally get to her bed.
“How are you today, Lydia, did you enjoy the electrical storm?” Revere asked pleasantly.
“I am fine Roge, it takes more than a little lightning to scare me.” Lydia replied as she smothered another yawn, she would be glad when she was back on days so that she could get her life back to normal.
The two security officers walked through to the only four cells currently in use to check on their charges, they froze immediately they saw two of their charges laying half in and half out of their beds, it was obvious that they were dead from their staring eyes. It took a moment before Revere noticed that each man had a hole in one of his eyes, and the fear now biting deep inside of his guts was immediate as he recalled the tale told by their prisoners. He turned to Lydia who was looking pale, and it was obvious that she felt very sick at the terrible sight before them.
“Lydia, do not attempt to enter either cell, I will explain why in a moment.” He now rushed back to the main desk to raise the alarm.
However, Lydia Mann had been brought up to date regarding the prisoners as soon as she had commenced her night`s duty, so she had no intention of entering either cell, and Revere was too well trained to do such a stupid thing.
Roger Revere called the senior security man Francis Strom at his office in the planetary council building and told him about the two deaths. Francis Strom also felt a twinge of fear biting deep within his insides on hearing of the death, sweat broke out everywhere as he went over all that he had done yesterday to prevent this very thing from happening. He was reminded that Revere was still on the phone when he heard his name called.
“Okay, Revere, please ensure that no one enters those two cells until I get there.” With these instructions given he immediately put a call into the man who led the colony, Councilman Valik Balsam.
“Councilman, you had better get down to the security section of the spaceport building, we have trouble there, two of the crew of the Galileo are dead.” Strom said grimly. Fear is contagious, even down a telephone, within the supposed safety of his home Balsam thought over all that Kramer had told them, and fear now gripped him as he thought about his family, and then his planet.
“I will be there in ten minutes, you had better put in a call to Doctor Kamdar and Constable Poulson, if there really is an alien creature and it gets loose from the centre, then Poulson will be one angry man if he only learns about its escape after it kills one of his precious colonists.” Balsam said and then attempted to smile. “Why leave the good constable in the dark, let him be part of this growing nightmare.” However, the smile on his face never made it to Balsam`s eyes and it soon faded from his face to be replaced by worry bordering on fear.
Doctor Ashil Kamdar, the doctor in charge of the isolation wards when they were in use and also the planet`s coroner, met Balsam as he entered the main entrance of the spaceport building, and Kamdar looked to be angry.
“Councilman, I am being denied access to the two bodies by the local security man. We must check to see if the two men are indeed dead, we cannot just leave them in there without even ensuring that it is so, to do otherwise is inhuman.” Kamdar demanded. He had been denied entry by Revere who was not taking a chance that the strange stories told by the crew of the Galileo might be true, rather than just the ravings of a crew of mad people.
“Are you out of your mind Doctor? Those creatures are just waiting inside for some fool to open the door and release them.” Balsam screamed out for all to hear. “You were here when that criminal Kramer told us of how those creatures ate their way through a complete world, and then started on his crew.”
“But surely that was just a load of bullshit, you did not believe him, surely.” Kamdar said surprised by the councilman`s words. “Anyway, Mr Balsam, I am the coroner and I would be obliged if you would do as I instruct you to do.”
Councilman Balsam was not so sure of anything anymore, however, he would wait to find out what had in fact happened within the security wing of the spaceport building before passing any further comment.
A tall thin man, dressed in a freshly ironed uniform, and looking very purposeful strode by them as they argued. “We might as well have a look through the security cameras installed within the two cells, to see if they will tell the good doctor anything.” Constable Poulson said to the two men as he stood before the security door on the far side of the entrance hall and buzzed for admittance.
Inside the security unit Roge Revere looked up at the security monitor before him and saw that it was Constable Poulson patiently waiting in the entrance hall of the spaceport main building, he touched his computer screen to open the security door. Constable Poulson walked through followed by Balsam and Kamdar who had both hurried after the constable and were still arguing about who was in charge. They did not notice that the door hung there for a moment, seemingly stuck, before finally closing behind them.
Poulson walked up to Revere and smiled at the security man. “How is it going Roge, anything new from the two cells?” Poulson asked his friend.
“No, Dan, not a peep, if anything alien is in there they are surely patient critters.” Revere answered.
“Roge, can we look at the two dead men via the security cameras in each of their cells?” Ridding asked as he switched the security monitor over to the appropriate channel.
“I am afraid not Dan, the storm appears to have damaged it, all we get is static now. Revere answered sadly. To prove this statement the monitor screen was now full of the said static, Poulson turned it off and swore under his breath.
Balsam and Kamdar had been joined by Strom and all three men were now arguing about the best way to deal with the situation. Constable Poulson soon got bored listening to them arguing.
“Enough gentlemen please, let us at least check on our guests through the glass viewer in each of the doors.” Poulson walked across the room, and after Revere opened yet another security door, he led them all into the cell block. Poulson now walked over to the cell that housed Kramer and pushed the cell door, it opened. The jaws of all there dropped so far, they almost hit the floor.
“Revere, did you open that cell door, I told you to leave them locked up tight until I got here.” Strom said angrily.
“I never opened any door; it must have been Dan`s magnetic personality.” Revere said in awe of his friend. All eyes turned to Poulson, all demanding an explanation.
“I thought it worth a try, that electric storm last night was really something, it kept Patricia awake for hours, and so she kept me awake.” Poulson said looking at Kramer who had come to the door of the cell on seeing it open, but no one enter.
“Is it true, both Mayers and Milano have been killed by those monsters?” Kramer asked quietly. However, no one answered him as he stood there still in a state of shock at these new acts of evil.
“Strom, you told me that you had killed the creatures with a toxic gas, you lied to me.” Kramer screamed angrily across the cell block when he saw the security man at the back of the group of people now crowding into the narrow corridor of the cell block.
While Kramer was screaming at Strom, Revere was pushing open the other cell doors in the security section of the building, and he found that none of them were locked. He stood in front of Maria Alejandra`s doorway to prevent her from leaving her cell, as she too had come to the open door to see what all the commotion was about.
Kramer saw her standing at her cell door and called quietly across to her. “They are both dead Maria, Chief Mayers and Milano, the creatures got to them here inside this prison.”
She appeared to be about to faint as yet two more deaths took their toll on her mind, so Revere helped her back to her bed, as he made to leave the cell, she looked up at him. “How....please tell me how did the creatures get off the ship, we warned the security man Strom about them, he told us that the creatures were dead.”
It was Constable Poulson that answered her question, he had come to the door of her cell to look in at the only other survivor of the Galileo. “I do not know Professor Alejandra, but I will find out who or what killed your friends, believe me.” Poulson promised her, gravely.
“But you know what killed them, it was the creatures from Retem, the fool Strom let them get free, he lied to us.” Alejandra screamed out her accusation, and Strom standing by the far wall turned a deathly shade of white.
Constable Poulson walked back to Kramer`s cell and looking directly at Kramer, Poulson replied to her accusation against Strom. “Nonsense, I do not believe the tale told by you or our good Captain Kramer. Which is why I decided to check on his cell door to see if he could have got out. It appears that the storm screwed up the security system, so now we had better see what it did to the CCTV recording before the system went off the air.”
Constable Poulson had read a copy of the ship`s logs together with the CCTV evidence, it had been sent to him just minutes after the councillors had got their copies, in case it became a civil matter rather than a company one, so he was fully conversant with all of the facts concerning the case. Unfortunately for Kramer and Alejandra, he did not believe any of their evidence, he was after a human murderer not an alien one.
“Roge, tell me, did all of the electrical items fail during the storm?” Poulson now asked as Kramer`s face showed the anger that was once again building up inside of the man and threatening to make him explode.
From the back of the security room Lydia Mann answered this question. “Yes, Dan, just for a moment everything went out, the lights, the computer, everything, but they came back on after just two seconds at most. The security cameras inside of all the cells and the CCTV camera in the cell block corridor stayed off, as for everything else, well I am not sure, the system needs to be checked over by someone who understands computers. I have been telling Mr Strom for weeks about it, the whole system needs a thorough overhaul, it has not been right ever since the last electrical storm.” Lydia stated calmly while throwing Strom a very disrespectful look.
“My chair faces the security door Dan, and I never once closed my eyes. No one entered the cell block or left it, and I will swear to that on a stack of bibles if asked to, our murderer must be one of our two guests, that or there really are some invisible aliens.” Lydia said and then laughed for even saying such a thing.
Strom looked a little uncomfortable for a moment after Lydia`s earlier condemnations, but then he passed the blame on to Balsam. “Councilman Balsam, you keep telling me that the directors of the Morang Corporation are complaining about the overheads. With this in mind, and to keep them off our backs, I decided to put off any work that in my opinion could wait, maybe this one job should have been done, but you keep pressurising me to cut costs, both here and at the company mines and the administrative buildings.”
They all stood around the security desk, with the exception of the two prisoners who had now been locked up tight within their cells. The others watched as the recording taken by the CCTV camera within the cell block corridor was run, and it was fine right up until the four prisoners were put in their cells, then the quality of the picture quickly deteriorated in a fuzzy mess before stopping altogether.
“That certainly is strange, why on earth did the CCTV camera stop working just then, it is well before the storm hit?” Poulson asked of anybody, but no one had an answer.
“Well, it is a pity that we have no CCTV evidence, but as I see it, either Kramer or Alejandra saw their chance after the storm hit and caused all of the cell doors to open. They came from their cell, crept quietly along the cell block corridor and murdered the two men. They must have known the truth about the ten deaths and the murderer, or murderers, could not trust them to keep quiet about what really happened on the planet, or on the survey ship when it made its return trip, come to that. All the while Lydia was sitting safely in the security room following the Morang Corporation`s ridiculous security procedures, anything rather than checking on your guests within the cell block after the power came back on.” Poulson stated firmly.
A scream of rage came from the cell where Maria Alejandra lay on her bed and this was followed by yet another angry protest from Kramer, who seemed on the point of violence, but Poulson ignored both of their loud protestations of innocence.
“I will interrogate them both as soon as someone provides me with my morning coffee.” Poulson said. “Following these two murders on the planet of New Caledonia, this is now a civil matter and I am taking over the investigation into all of the deaths, whether they were on the alien planet, aboard the Galileo or here in our small city of New Caledonia.”
Strom was more than happy with this, now whatever happened he would not get the blame. His happiness did not last for more than a heartbeat though, for a thought leapt into the front of his mind, what if there really were invisible aliens walking around New Caledonia. Now this was something that he very much doubted, but if it were so, then there was a distinct possibility that in time the blame for any more deaths would land on his doorstep. He was certain that Kramer would remind everyone that he had warned him about them, and more than once. His mind was suddenly in turmoil as he fixed on this one remote possibility, at least he had done everything possible to eradicate the alien threat aboard the survey vessel, and he would tell every one of his actions. He had arranged for his team to immediately seal the security tunnel, then a thought went through his mind, what if his team had taken too long to do their job? Until he knew for certain that the alien creatures did not exist, except for in Kramer`s mind, he knew that his mind would create a personal hell for him. He now decided that he must do everything in his power to help Constable Poulson to prove that it was Captain Kramer who was guilty of all the murders. However, his mind returned to dwell on that one possibility, that the aliens did exist, his gut began to produce acid that was now eating away at his stomach. If they did exist then he must ensure that they were killed without anyone finding out about them. He found that he was sweating, a latent fear he realised had unconsciously taken control of his body`s functions, he decided to shadow Poulson, he needed to be kept up to date about the investigation.
During the time taken for Strom to be turned into a nervous wreck, Revere had prepared a cup of coffee for Poulson, and he pushed it into Poulson`s hand. “Enjoy.” Revere said smiling, for the coffee in this section of the spaceport had not tasted very good for some time, one more piece of machinery that needed fixing.
Poulson took his coffee, and entered Kramer`s cell where he sat in one of the two chairs, they were set either side of a small square metal table which was set in the corner of Kramer`s cell. He put the briefcase he was carrying down on the table and looked up at Kramer who was standing looking out of the now open door.
“Please sit-down Captain Kramer, so that we can talk about your fateful trip.” Poulson ordered the stunned starship captain. Kramer had thought that he would be safe once he got back to New Caledonia, now he was facing a multiple murder charge.
A moment later Poulson got to his feet, still holding his cup of coffee, walked over to the door of the cell, and called across to Revere. “Oh Roge, I think that someone should lock all those doors until I am ready to enter each of them. However, first let Doctor Kamdar take charge of the two victims, whatever is the truth behind their murders, there can be no harm in his entering the two cells now and removing their bodies so that he can perform an autopsy on them.”
Poulson then returned to his chair and took a swig of his coffee, he grimaced, but then he took another swig, without his morning coffee he was not up to interrogating his two prime suspects, no matter how bad the coffee was. He finally put his coffee cup down upon the table, opened his briefcase, and took out a folder which he lay on the table between the two men. Finally, ready for the task in hand he looked up into Kramer’s tired eyes and immediately felt a certain amount of sympathy for this man. If he was not the guilty person then he had indeed gone through hell, but then as the captain of the Galileo he was ultimately responsible for all that had occurred during the trip. He did not seem to notice Strom standing at the door, getting ready to listen in to the interrogation.
“Captain, I have read your ship’s log and also that of Doctor Garner, they appear to back up everything that you told the council of New Caledonia. However, logs can be altered, if they have been altered it would provide a good answer as to why Doctor Garner and Katrina Georgiou had to be killed. Also, having looked at all of the CCTV evidence aboard your ship, I find that I do not believe that the murders were carried out by your invisible alien creature. I do believe that they were carried out by either by you Captain Kramer, or by Professor Alejandra, as you two are the only surviving crew members of the trip.” Poulson said accusingly. “I also think it likely that the damage to the CCTV recordings was deliberate, and done by either yourself, or by Professor Alejandra.” Poulson slammed his fist down upon the metal table making both Kramer and Strom jump. “Now stop with the fairy tales and admit it, you killed your crew simply because of greed. What was it, this crystal found by Professor Alejandra, your partner in crime, or was it something else that you erased from the ship`s log? Tell me Captain, why did you murder ten people who I presume you were friendly with?” Poulson`s normally quiet voice was now loud and very angry, and he had rattled Captain Kramer by interrogating him in this manner.
Unfortunately for Constable Poulson, Kramer did not stay rattled for long. Since arriving on New Caledonia, Kramer had been extraordinarily patient about the way he and Maria Alejandra had been treated by the authorities. He realised that their tale was hard to believe, but when they had been interrogated by three of the planetary councillors, they had at least seemed willing to listen to his tale and he had thought that there was a good chance that they would be released sooner rather than later. Now he saw that this had all changed, he now realised that he faced an uphill struggle to not only convince his new interrogator of their innocence, but also of the danger to the planet, if the creatures were to escape the security section of the spaceport. With this realisation, his patience finally evaporated, he too could use the tactics employed by Poulson.
“Constable Poulson, these morons have allowed the creatures to kill two more of my crew, and now you have the unmitigated cheek to level your accusations against Professor Alejandra and myself.” Captain Kramer was not just angry, he was fuming, and getting more so every second because of the fool before him refusing to even consider that he might just be telling the truth about the alien monsters.
“Constable, surely you have heard about all of the strange new life forms that Mankind has encountered since venturing amongst the stars, or are you a Flat Earther, afraid to take one more new life form into consideration. No, you are beyond even that Constable, what you are is a first-class cretin, I did not murder anyone, neither did Professor Alejandra. What is up with you, do you not realise what this means to the people of this planet, maybe even to the other colony planets, to Earth even? Two of those creatures have left the Galileo and are now somewhere within this building. You had better start believing everything that I have told your councillors, and what I am now telling you, because right now there is still a chance that the creatures are still contained here within the walls of this prison. If they are not then those creatures are going to think it is Christmas time out there when they get amongst our people, and our people will be their Christmas dinner.” Kramer`s loud voice reached a new peak as he screamed out these last words at Poulson and he made to stand up, but the energy weapon that had appeared in Poulson`s hand made him hastily sit back down, instead he just fumed at the unfairness of it all.
Getting no further in his investigation, for Kramer had stuck to his story and now seemed to be on the point of attacking him, Constable Poulson spoke to Maria Alejandra, who had heard Kramer`s outburst and agreed with every word that he had said. However, she too simply repeated her story and after getting exasperated with Poulson, she finally refused to say another word on the matter.
He and Revere now searched the entire security section of the building, they were looking for the weapon used in the ghastly murders, however, they found nothing. This was an unexpected development, for Poulson had expected to wrap up the case quite quickly once the weapon was found. They also found that the CCTV camera within the cell block and the four security cameras within the cells had all burnt out, as too had the one in the main security room.

**********

Later that day all of Poulson`s ideas on this case were put in disarray when Doctor Kamdar gave him a provisional report regarding the deaths of the two crew men, they had died in exactly the same way that Doctor Garner had reported in his medical logs. He returned to the security section of the spaceport, and with Michael Craig, who worked the middle shift at the spaceport, he searched the entire cell block yet again, for this was the only area of the building that should have been accessible to his two suspects during the power cut. He was as before still looking for the mysterious weapon used to damage the eyes of the victims, that and the toxin used to kill them, but again without success. Poulson now searched the entire security room where Lydia Mann had sat, but found nothing. He now increased his search area to the ground beneath the windows of the cell block, the only other place that they could have thrown the items used to murder the two men. However, no trace of either item was found here, or on either person or within the security area. If either of them had been involved in the murder of the two men, surely this would have meant his finding something, that or the complicity of Lydia Mann in the murders, which really was a non-starter, surely? He decided to sleep on the matter and see what ideas the morning brought forth. Before turning in for the night, Poulson made some notes about the main items concerning him about this case. He hoped that this would give his subconscious mind something to work on while he slept.
1) I do not believe in Kramer`s invisible creatures, why does he insist that they are real?
2) Either the murderer is one of the two survivors or, somehow someone had got by Lydia after the storm knocked out the cameras and maybe the doors to the facility too, unless Lydia opened them herself.
3) If she did, then it means that Lydia Mann was somehow tied up in the matter. However, I believe this to be highly unlikely.
4) If Kramer or Alejandra is guilty, how did they get the weapon and toxin by the body scanner? Their personal effects were taken apart and examined by Strom, for he too was sure of their guilt, and he would have found the items, if they had been there.
5) What am I missing that I have not put down here, could there really be an invisible murderer somewhere out there? If so, how did they survive the toxins pumped into the Galileo.
6) Did the security team make a sloppy job of their task, I need to ask Francis Strom to look into this.
7) What made the ten minute holes behind the eyes?

**********

The moon had slipped behind the clouds as the two Venetou approached a small single storey house in the leafy suburbs of the capital of New Caledonia, the only large town on the planet, although there were some small villages and hamlets come trading posts spread across the planet.
The window was open to allow the cool breeze of the night to flow into the bedroom of its owners, a young man who was a carpenter, and his wife who was a nurse at the hospital. No one ever locked their doors or windows on the planet of New Caledonia, crime was almost non-existent.
Sarai sniffed at the opening, then looked at his mate, and smiled, for there was enough food here for both of them. He entered first, followed by Talia, soundlessly crossing over to the bed and the sleeping couple, moments later they drove their fangs deep within the neck of their prey. A hand was over their mouths to prevent their screams awakening their neighbours, the other hand upon their chests to stop them struggling too much. As soon as the toxin had taken affect, the two Venetou began to feed, the two humans, eyes wide open screamed soundlessly into the cool night air, fortunately, the excruciating pain did not last long, and then they were both dead.
Done feeding, Sarai looked over at Talia. “It is a good life that we have here.” He said to her, but no sound came from his small mouth, the Venetou were one of the many telepathic races found throughout the galaxy.
Talia simply nodded in agreement and then moved over towards the window, and once there she beckoned to her mate who was studying the strange den of the Bora.

**********

The following morning, Constable Poulson looked again at his list, his subconscious mind had been idle during the night, no solutions sprang miraculously into his mind, no, this case was going to be one of the difficult ones. One other thought did occur to him, was he up to it, his normal duties since coming to New Caledonia revolved around minor breaches of the council by-laws, not mass murder, he had not been on a murder case since leaving Earth five years ago and he was decidedly rusty. He had left Earth so that Rachel and the children could enjoy a better life, even if he was decidedly bored by this new life. Well, he was no longer bored, he was up to his neck in trouble, and trouble spelt KRAMER.
After breakfast he drove back to the isolation wing of the spaceport, where together with Doctor Kamdar, Roge Revere and Lydia Mann, who Poulson would not give leave to go to her bed, he had arranged to meet to go over the case. They were soon all there, sat around a small table that was set at one end of the security room. At one end of the table Lydia Mann yawned, and once again she yearned for her soft bed.
“Roge, could the two main security doors have already been open when you arrived yesterday morning?” Poulson asked.
“Yes, they could have been, I never attempted to push them open as I knew that they should have been locked shut.” Revere replied.
“What are you suggesting Dan, that I might have dozed off and allowed our murderer to both enter and escape this facility, no way.” Lydia Mann complained bitterly.
“Lydia, I am just picking away at the facts as we know them, trying to find out how the murders occurred. If one or both of our two guests were involved then how did they get the weapons and toxin through the body scanner without it detecting them, and how did they finally dispose of the weapons they used without getting by you?” Poulson declared. “I for one do not seriously suspect that you fell asleep at your post, but there must be something we are missing, whatever it is I am going to find it by going over everything that happened during the last twenty-four hours.” Poulson replied to her.
“Maybe there really are invisible aliens, that answer would fit all the known facts Dan, if so by now they will have escaped this facility and be abroad, somewhere in New Caledonia.” Revere ventured and then shivered at the very idea.
“I too am beginning to think along those lines Roge, when I return to my office I will check to see if there are any animals anywhere in the galaxy known to have such a defence mechanism.” Doctor Kamdar said and then added. “However, for none of us to know of such a creature makes the odds against it quite high.” He added doubtfully.
Poulson looked across at Revere and Kamdar and scowled, the more he thought about the case, the more this idea pushed its head forward, but no, invisible aliens, what next, he scoffed at the very idea. When they found out how Kramer had done away with his weapons, Poulson stopped here as an idea flashed into his mind.
“Roge, could the items have been flushed away down the toilet, the packaging that the toxin came in could have been one of the environmental envelopes that simply disappear when immersed in water. As for the tools used to mutilate the eyes and the neck, they too do not need to be large, they too could have been broken up and flushed away.” Poulson said triumphantly, yes, he thought, I have cracked it.
“Well, if so, Dan, we might never find them, they will be in the sewage reprocessing plant by now, that or anywhere in between.” Revere answered, he too saw this as being the most likely answer, for invisible aliens had been a mite ridiculous, and he smiled at the very thought. Lydia Mann now sat easier as she took to the easy answer, now she would not need to worry that Dan thought that she had fallen asleep and allowed the murderer to enter the security area and commit two such foul murders.
“That could well be, however, it does not tell us just how the weapons were brought into the facility, or what made the ten minute holes behind the eyes.” Doctor Kamdar said bringing everyone back down to Earth.
Even so, Poulson also felt a little happier having answered one of the items on his list, however, he knew that a defence attorney would rip his case to ribbons. This was especially so as regards to the method by which the weapons had been brought into the cell block without outside assistance, as Doctor Kamdar had just reminded them all. There it was again, the question regarding the guilt of one of the people who worked within the security wing of the spaceport. He sighed deeply and decided to change tack, he would be charitable and see how far this got him.
“How about we invite Captain Kramer and Professor Alejandra to join us, not to tell them of our thoughts on the matter but to give them a chance to clear their names, before we charge them both with multiple murders.” Poulson offered, although he knew that he really did not have enough evidence to convict either of them, not until he answered all of the outstanding problems. He knew that tomorrow he might have to begin to investigate his friends sitting around the table.
“Well, why not, maybe there is something that they might remember that would help them to clear their names.” Doctor Kamdar replied, for he, as Coroner of the planet, was sure that they did not have enough evidence to make the charge stick, especially against the two of them together.
Captain Kramer and Professor Alejandra happily agreed, anything to get out of their cells, especially as they might be able to convince Poulson that they were in fact innocent of all charges levelled against them. It was Maria Alejandra who gave him his first positive lead.
“There may well be a photograph of our elusive murderer, if it is indeed a creature from Retem. Mary Taylor took a photograph of a figure painted on one of the walls of the deserted city, she was never sure if it represented one of the builders or was just a figure of mythology. However, it could just be our enemy, there should be a copy of the photograph on her personal computer.” Maria Alejandra conjectured.
She had nearly said invisible enemy, but had stopped herself. If the Constable of this planet was at least asking for their help, then she could hide her anger regarding his previous accusations levelled against Kramer and her.
Poulson decided to play along, see if his two prime suspects had something up their sleeves. “You may well be correct Maria, unfortunately, we will have to wait until we have caught one before we can know for sure, and unless the creature we seek does have the ability to turn invisible, which I still very much doubt, that should be quite soon, if indeed one exists on New Caledonia.” Poulson said grimly.
Twenty minutes were wasted while the personal computers of the crew were located aboard the quarantined starship and that is after the necessary permissions were granted by Strom for them to enter the survey ship. Strom had one proviso; it was that he was there with them when the search was made. Maria Alejandra soon found the photograph and showed it to the newly enlarged investigative team. Unfortunately, the picture taken by Mary Taylor was of a mythological demon of the former inhabitants of the small deserted city, it was not of the Venetou who very few people had ever seen and lived through it.
“Surely, alien creatures such as these would have already been noticed, if they are lurking anywhere within the city of New Caledonia?” Strom argued. “I just hope that we will not have to suffer another death while we waste valuable time looking for these demonic creatures, rather than for our human murderer.” He wanted everyone to get off the subject of alien creatures before Kramer and Alejandra spoke, for once again they would accuse him of mishandling the fumigation of the Galileo.
Constable Poulson did not reply as he attempted to grab hold of an idea that was evading him, it was something to do with the photographs on the computer.
Alongside him Lydia Mann was secretly worried as she too stood looking at the picture, Poulson`s surprise decision to allow their two main suspects the chance to clear their names meant that he was not quite so sure of their guilt as he had previously intimated, that or he was playing games. Given his refusal to believe in invisible creatures meant that he was still ready to believe that she might have fallen asleep on duty, for how else could anyone have entered the cell block to kill the two men. No, surely it must be Captain Kramer or Professor Alejandra who had committed the terrible murders. Then another dreadful thought occurred to her, did Dan suspect her involvement in the murders, or even of having carried them out! Yes, she had dated Charlie Milano, but that was two years ago, and she no longer cared that he had cheated on her, in any case, who here would know about her involvement with Milano?
How could Lydia Mann know that the two Venetou had used the power of their minds to make her open all of the doors in the cell block? It had happened when she had entered the corridor of the cell block to investigate what she thought sounded like a muffled scream. Entering the cell block alone was something that was against the company`s rules, but as the storm had appeared to have disabled all of the cameras, she had thought that she had no other option available to her. Looking through the grill of the cell door occupied by Chief Mayers she had unwittingly allowed Sarai to take control of her mind and had obeyed his order to open the other doors in the cell block. The Venetou had then followed her back into the main security room, in fact they were about to feed on her when Revere called her on the intercom and asked to be allowed in. The energy weapon on his belt and the actual size of him, he dwarfed Sarai, was one of the reasons why they had not, the main reason was that they had both fed just a short while ago, and were quite full.
It was now that Poulson interrupted her musings when his own thoughts finally came together. “Roge, I thought that all your guests had to walk by your body scanner when they first entered the isolation wing?” Poulson wondered thoughtfully.
“Yes, that is quite right, the Captain and Maria, together with their two dead friends went through it, why? Oh my god!” Revere said and they hurriedly returned to the security wing of the spaceport. Once here Revere punched up a new programme on his computer. The body scanning programme hummed into life and moments later they were all looking at the body scans of Kramer, Alejandra, Mayers and Milano. Moments later a badly distorted picture showed two large humanoid creatures walking past the scanner, unfortunately it was impossible to tell if they were carrying anything.
“There, the creatures followed us in and no one saw them, the scanner was left unmanned after the four of us walked past it.” Kramer exclaimed excitedly.
“The unit operates automatically when someone passes through it.” Strom said. “No one needs to be on duty for it to operate. It is one of the features of this particular model.” Strom explained. “However, those two figures could be members of my security team.” Strom added in desperation.
“But look, they are similar to the photograph of the creature that we were just looking at, the one taken by Mary Taylor at the deserted town on Retem.” Maria Alejandra declared triumphantly.
“You are quite right Maria, but they also look exactly like you and me, with the distortions on the recording it is impossible to say.” Constable Poulson said dismissing her idea in such an off-hand way that he once again infuriated her, although she could see that he was right.
“What I want to know is how such creatures got on to the Galileo unless they were invisible.” Kramer asked looking directly at Constable Poulson.
“As I just said to Professor Alejandra, whatever we saw on the body scanner could have been a person, the scanner is not set up to show enough to differentiate between alien humanoid creatures and two of the security team.” Poulson said in an attempt to silence Kramer`s ridiculous assertions.
“Roge, turn over to the CCTV programme, look up the records for the body scanner room let`s take a look at our visitors.” Poulson asked Revere and then leaned closer to the monitor in readiness for the recording to begin.
They were soon looking at the body scanning room on the CCTV recordings, they watched as the group consisting of Kramer and the remaining members of his crew walked past the scanner. However, the latter part of the recording was badly distorted and badly out of focus, then only interference filled the screen, before screeching to a stop. Poulson assumed that this camera too was now a burnt-out piece of rubbish.
“Constable Poulson, this proves that it was the creatures that followed us through, the members of the security team would not have caused such interference. Either the creatures are invisible or, the creatures affected the recording on your CCTV, which is what Maria and I said happened on the Galileo, either way it proves part of our story.” Kramer said.
“No, Captain, I do agree that someone caused our CCTV system to malfunction, however, it could quite easily have been humans who were the cause and not some impossible creature.” Poulson declared as his mind tried to take in what he was seeing on the computer. “It is quite maddening that once again our technology has failed us, but I refuse to believe in invisible creatures.” Poulson finally said, but his face showed the confusion that was muddling his brain. One thought now pounded through his brain, if those two humanoid creatures were not alien monsters, who were they?
Kramer and Alejandra looked across at one another, they were not a little exasperated regarding Constable Poulson`s rigid thought processes.

**********

Constable Poulson decided to leave it there for the moment, and after thanking everyone for their help, he now went for a walk to think about all they had found that morning, while Kramer and Alejandra were returned to their cells. However, even with all the exercise, only one minor thought occurred to him, and so, deeply annoyed with himself, he walked across to the council building where he called upon the head of planetary security Francis Strom who had just returned there. He needed help that much was certain, and Strom was the one person who could assist him on this particular occasion, he asked him to activate the volunteer citizens` brigade and have them begin a street-by-street search of the city in search of any alien creatures, if indeed that is what passed through the body scanner.
Strom was more than willing to assist Poulson in this matter, for should his volunteers find any suspicious characters, he would ensure that he personally received the credit. Should his people find an alien creature, he would ensure that it was destroyed, with his people being instructed to keep quiet about it, because of security he would tell them, that should do it. All of the citizens relied on the Morang Corporation, either directly or indirectly, for their livelihoods and would do anything asked of them to protect their livelihoods.
“One other thing that I would like you to look into Mr Strom, could your security team have made a sloppy job of quarantining the Galileo, could someone have slipped past them before the ship was fumigated?” Poulson asked politely.
It said a lot for Francis Strom that he did not faint when he heard Poulson ask the one question that had been causing his stomach so much discomfort. “They are a good team, although of course we have never had to quarantine a vessel before, but we have conducted tests to keep them on their toes. However, Constable, I will speak to them about it, and I will let you know the answer as soon as I have spoken to everyone who was on the team that day.”
“Oh, and one more thing, check to see if two of your men did indeed follow Kramer and his crew through the body scanner room.” Poulson asked.
With this arranged, Poulson now returned to the police station, where he had his second cup of coffee of the day. It was early in the afternoon, the sun was high in the sky and scorching all beneath it, and it was now that the bodies of the two colonists of New Caledonia were found dead within their home. Poulson went to the crime scene to look for clues, and it was there that he met up with Doctor Kamdar who gave him more bad news.
“It is the work of the alien creatures Dan; each victim has a hole in one of their eyes and also two fang marks on their neck. I will carry out the autopsy as soon as I return to the morgue with the two bodies, however, I expect to find the same evidence as on the previous bodies. I will call you and let you know for sure.” Doctor Kamdar said as he climbed into his vehicle and followed after the ambulance that was even now taking the bodies to the morgue.
Constable Poulson scowled as he looked after the departing ambulance, now even the coroner was referring to the murderers as alien creatures. Feeling very down, he returned to the police station, he had just sat down at his desk to go over all of the reports when his door was thrust open and Councilman Balsam stormed in. He had just heard of the latest deaths and had stormed round to the police station, his anger getting the better of him.
“Two of our people killed and what have you been doing to find their murderers, Constable, absolutely nothing. Swanning around at the spaceport that is how you have spent your morning; you are certainly not doing anything to protect the citizens of New Caledonia while they sleep in their beds.” Balsam bellowed out angrily.
Poulson looked up from the three photographs on his computer, they showed the bodies of the two dead citizens, the damage to their eyes telling everyone who saw them just who was responsible for killing them. He understood the councilman`s anger, he too was angry with his lack of success, even so striking out blindly was not the answer.
“Mr Balsam, I have been doing much more than swanning around the spaceport, as you put it. I now believe that I know how Kramer or Alejandra got rid of the evidence that we have been searching for.” Poulson replied in answer to the councilman`s accusation, and he told him of the idea that had come to him during the morning, and of the other things that had been found during the morning, including the two mysterious beings that had walked through the scanning room, and of the interference shown on the CCTV picture.
“Okay, Constable, I take back what I said, however, after what you have told me about the body scanner, I demand that you have Captain Kramer arrested for bringing two dangerous creatures to New Caledonia, knowing them to be invisible, it is gross negligence on his part. He has endangered all of the people on New Caledonia by this cowardly action, all he wanted to do was to save his own rotten skin.” Balsam demanded belligerently.
Balsam had the power to call for the imprisonment of anyone on the planet, assuming he had some evidence to back up his words. In this particular case the laws that govern the illegal importation of alien wild life allowed him to do just that.
“Are you sure you want this councillor, we have still not found any tangible proof of the creature`s existence, Kramer could sue us for false arrest.”
“I thought that you just told me that two alien creatures came through the body scanner after Kramer and the others walked through, and that these creatures affected the CCTV camera in that room?” Balsam said angrily, his voice carrying through to the other offices within the station.
“I do not believe in invisible alien creatures Councilman, but I have been using the time since the last two murders to think about the evidence that we have accumulated. Following my work this morning, I now believe that the murderers are using a top of the range jamming device which not only affected our camera in the body scanning room, but caused it to short circuit. As for the two humanoids seen coming past the body scanner, they could have been you and me, the scanner is not set up to give the sort of information that Kramer would like us to believe. So, you see it is all a smokescreen, and one that I intend to blow away. I will admit one thing that is still eluding me, who came through the body scanning room after Kramer and the others. There can only be two realistic answers, either they were two of Strom`s team or, they are two more of the crew of the Galileo, and they lived through the voyage. The second option is the one that I think we will find to be the correct one Mr Balsam.” Poulson said quietly. Balsam was silenced by this revelation and here Poulson let the matter drop and instead raised another matter.
“As regards Maria Alejandra, is she now allowed to go free?” Poulson asked politely although all he wanted to do was to kick the councillor out of his office and damn the consequences.
“No, of course you may not release her Constable, although Professor Alejandra has not committed any breach of the space laws, from what you have just told me it seems probable that she was involved in the murders, so she too can enjoy our hospitality for a little longer.” Balsam said angrily.
He had felt a little deflated by what Poulson had told him. Yes, a jamming device would explain the interference on the CCTV cameras, and it certainly did make more sense than invisible creatures. As did Poulson`s thoughts concerning who had come through the body scanning room, two of the crew of the Galileo, both of whom were obviously working with Kramer and Alejandra.
Thankfully, due to the insane question posed by Poulson, he would be able to leave on a high, which is exactly what Constable Poulson had wanted, a blustering politician rather than a deflated one who would try to even the score.
“Okay, Constable, I will accept your explanations, but I give you fair warning, unless you begin getting results, I will insist that the investigation is handed back to Francis Strom, he at least is willing to consider things previously unknown to us.” Balsam said going back on the offensive, and with that he left the police station and went off to find someone else to bother, leaving Poulson to think about what had been said and the many unanswered questions.
He had only just thought about the use of a portable jamming device, but it did make more sense than an invisible alien, thankfully the blistering attack by Balsam had finally made his mind work. However, if this theory was correct, then he must be right in thinking that two more of the crew of the Galileo were in fact alive, and that Kramer and Alejandra must both be in on the deception. But why, could it be that they had found something on the planet, something worth all the murders and lies? Yes, he would hold onto Professor Alejandra and Captain Kramer, a few more days in the isolation cells should not do them any harm. His theory would also explain the final six deaths, the two aboard the Galileo was to get rid of two witnesses and allow Kramer to alter the two ship`s logs, the two in the security section of the spaceport was to cut down the number of people who would benefit from the discovery, whatever it was. The two locals were obviously killed by the two men who came through the body scanner unnoticed, their deaths were to make it seem as if an invisible alien really existed. It also explained how the weapons and toxin were brought into the security wing of the spaceport, and how they were disposed of, the two crew members were responsible for both actions. He was now sure that Lydia Mann was mixed up in it all, she had opened all of the doors within the cell block allowing Kramer, or the two later arrivals, to commit the two murders. An old memory now popped back into his mind, of course, Lydia knew Milano, they had a fling for quite a while, well, maybe he contacted her via the survey ship`s radio and arranged it. When she was offered a better deal by Kramer, she went along with it.
Constable Poulson printed out a number of photographs showing the crew of the Galileo, he now walked back to the council offices, updated Francis Strom regarding his latest theory, and asked him to give a copy of the photographs to each of his search teams.
“Of course, Constable, I will be delighted to be of assistance. Oh, by the way, I checked with my people back at the spaceport, none of them went through the scanning room, it seems they are afraid that the radiation from the machine will harm them, so they give the room a wide birth.”
A very relieved Strom had the photographs distributed immediately after Poulson took his leave. This new theory of the constable`s meant that he, Strom, was guilty of nothing, even indirectly, for his security team had not allowed two alien creatures to land on New Caledonia and kill its people. A new gloom immediately appeared and hovered maliciously over his head, for this new theory also meant that due to the incompetence of his team, the two crew members had been allowed to walk through a high security area unnoticed. Although hardly on the same scale as two homicidal aliens, it would be remembered by those in authority.

************

Poulson reasoned that the two people from the Galileo would probably move about during the hours of darkness so that they were not recognised, for the crew of the Galileo all lived on New Caledonia, and following their deaths their photographs were plastered all over the front page of the local newspaper. This meant that for them to walk around during daylight, invited a neighbour or family member seeing them.
Constable Poulson had four deputies to assist him in keeping the seven thousand colonists and miners who live and work on New Caledonia, safe. Poulson decided that his two deputies on the night shift could keep an eye out for the two men during the hours of darkness. They would be able to cover more ground, and silently if they operated a drone each, they could then tour the city from the safety of their office without the murderers seeing them. The drones were each fitted with one of the new cameras that not only had an infrared capability, but also facial recognition software built into it. This together with an energy weapon to stun any suspicious characters, or even the odd alien creature, would improve the chances of finding their suspects. His stress level was already in the red zone, worrying about the safety of the citizens of the planet, now it was raised to breaking point by his next visitor.
“Constable, I need to know just what you are intending to do to protect my people” Bishop Tamaki asked in a loud an angry voice. Tamaki was the head of the Church of the Universe, the only official religion allowed on the planet, for they had helped to fund the setting up of the colony, the Morang Corporation had provided the funds for the many mines and farms around the planet.
“As you may already know Bishop, I spoke with Mr Strom this morning and we decided that the volunteer citizens` brigade should assist me during this emergency. I have just heard from Mr Strom that he now has three teams of ten citizen searching throughout the city. As well as these three teams, he has arranged for a rapid response team to be available for the hours of darkness. Unfortunately, it is too early to expect any success.”
Constable Poulson then had to spend the next thirty minutes explaining to one of the most powerful people on the planet why he, with the help of the coroner, Dr Kamdar, had been unable to locate the murderer of two of the bishop`s flock. He did manage to reassure the bishop that they were looking for two human murders, the idea of an alien creature was just a red herring put about by the prime suspect. He finally managed to usher the bishop out of his office, but only after promising to keep him informed about the situation.
Constable Poulson finally found two minutes to rest up, unfortunately it was cut short by a flood of calls from the locals, who after hearing the noon news bulletin concerning the supposed alien presence on the planet, were understandably, scared. The merest shadow had them reporting seeing the creatures, and as is natural in such times as these, they were sighted in different parts of the city, and at around the same time of day. How long could the citizens endure this terrible threat to their lives? They were already beginning to panic on hearing about an invisible alien creature that was killing their friends and neighbours, what would they be like if the murders continued?
Poulson decided to contact Francis Strom and have him ask the citizen`s patrols to investigate the sightings, but he did not expect them to have much success. With this task delegated out, he now had the time he needed to come up with some ideas, ideas that would help him find the two murders, invisible alien creatures or not.
Before leaving for home, Constable Poulson waited for the two deputies on the night shift to arrive, he then updated them regarding his new theory regarding the murders, he also gave them new orders of conduct for the time that the hunt was on.
“Vance, Berlin, until I tell you otherwise, you will both be doing your nightly patrols from the office operating two of the drones, you will use them to search for our murderers, be they human or otherwise. You are to call in any possible sightings of any suspicious characters that match the photographs of the Galileo crew, I want to know immediately, whatever the time of day, should we get lucky. If you cannot stun them immediately using the weapons on the two drones, you are not to leave the office and risk your hides on a personal hunt, contact the citizen`s volunteers and get them to come to the police station, they can then assist you in the search.”

**********

Hidden in an empty warehouse that was still awaiting an occupier, the two alien creatures had just awoken from their day`s sleep. Once again, their way of life had changed, this time they lived amongst the even stranger dens of their prey, however, they did not realise the danger posed by the modern technology that was all around them. Luckily for them, their hunters had first to acknowledge that the Venetou existed, and then, that they had the ability to blend into the background. At this moment they were resting, not concerned one iota as to just how much bother they were causing to the forces of law and order. They were patiently waiting for the sun to set, for they preferred to hunt at night when their prey was mostly sleeping, and therefore easier to catch and feed off. Talia was just a day into her pregnancy, but even now Sarai was fussing around her, eager for the night to come so that his female could feed, two of the Bora each night from now on, as she was eating for two.
The sun finally set and darkness, their ally, awaited them, and after impatiently waiting for their prey to settle down, they set off to hunt. Their first meal did not need the use of their many hunting skills, for they found a man slumped in an alley, he was sleeping off a heavy drinking session that had started very early in the day. The church clock struck one o`clock as Talia drove her two fangs deep in to his neck and then fed upon his life-force, whether their prey was drunk or sober, it still tasted the same. They moved on further into the residential district of the town, at first, they found that every home was locked up tight, the town’s people taking precautions after the two deaths the previous morning. Just then, two young men came walking towards them after a night out celebrating. They were a little drunk, but still capable of thought, and also of protecting themselves, or so they thought. The Venetou halted and moved to either side of the footpath, here they awaited their prey. Sarai thought how simple it was to dine off this prey, one unused to their new role as the hunted, gone was the excitement of the chase. Even so, he did feel some of the familiar sense of excitement as their prey drew near, for his pulse began to race, no, the thrill of the chase was not all gone, easy as it was. The two men were almost upon them when an armoured vehicle pulled up beside their two unsuspecting prey and a uniformed figure wound down the window and berated them.
“You two did hear about the alien creatures didn`t you, why make it easy for them to dine, get in here now, I will run you both home.” Deputy Vance said angrily. He had spotted them on his monitor in the police station when one of the drones flew over them. As the police station was only around the corner, he had left his post and taken one of the police vehicles to ensure that they did not become the next two victims. Had he stayed at his monitor he would have seen the Venetou, however, he thought only of protecting the two young men who were endangering themselves.
The two men looked at one another. “Our taxi has arrived James.” The shorter one said laughing and they both jumped into the armoured vehicle, grins across their faces.
Vance looked across at them with disgust plainly written upon his face. “Jeff, Martin, if I see you two walking around at this time of night again, while this emergency is on, I will lock you both up in the gaol and leave you to stew there for a couple days.” The young men tried to look contrite but somehow, they could not quite manage it.
Vance looked at his infrared detector, one of which had been fitted onto this armoured vehicle, nothing was showing on it, he then drove the two young men to their homes and waited until they were safely both inside before continuing back to the police station.
The two Venetou looked after the disappearing vehicle, they were disappointed at missing this easy prey, they had slipped back behind the solid walls of one of the nearby houses and unbeknown to them, out of sight of the infrared detector. With their original prey safely home in their houses the Venetou moved silently on along the many other rows of houses, stopping occasionally to sniff the night air in search of a prey. They found signs of many of the household pets that the colonists had brought with them, however they were all strangely silent as the Venetou crept by, only a quiet whimper was to be heard, but mostly they stayed silent. The two hunters were not after the small amount of the life-force to be found within the domesticated beasts of the Bora; they were after that possessed by the Bora themselves. They soon found a house where a window on its upper floor had been left open, the owners thinking they would be safe leaving such an inaccessible window open. The Venetou though were expert climbers, as they had to be on Retem to catch their small prey. They soon scaled the wall and slipped into the house, inside a middle-aged couple were sleeping in their bed, they awoke when they were bitten by the hungry Venetou, they died looking at the beast feeding off their partner, this, the man thought, must be what hell is like.
The couple were missed the next morning by their colleagues at work, with all the talk of the alien creatures, the manager of the office where the woman worked went to call at their house, just to ensure that all was well. A neighbour had a spare key and she ran screaming from the house just one minute after entering it, for it was she who found the two bodies lying there in their bed, with their eyes mutilated and staring soullessly up at her. Which is what she said to the local newspaper reporter later. ‘It was almost as if something had stolen their souls.’
Constable Poulson had almost thrown the book at Deputy Vance for leaving the monitor unmanned, two more citizens had died, and maybe if Vance had not acted the Good Samaritan, he could have been on hand to save them. Vance went home that morning feeling as if the weight of the world had landed upon his shoulders, how was he to know that he had saved the lives of two other of the town`s citizens.
Poulson knew that he would have to endure visits from Councilman Balsam and Bishop Tamaki, he would have to explain his deputy`s actions and promise to do better, for if he could not, then the locals would really begin to panic. Five of their neighbours and friends were now dead, how many more would it be before they found and destroyed who, or if some of the others were correct, whatever, was preying upon them.
The town hall clock had just struck four o`clock on a bright sunny day when Michael Craig arrived to take over the middle shift from Revere, and naturally they spoke about the latest three murders committed by the alien creatures. On hearing Craig and Revere speaking, Captain Kramer annoyance level crashed through the roof.
“Hey, you two out there, did you just say that there were three more deaths caused by the alien creatures?” Kramer shouted out angrily from the cell block.
Hearing his angry call Craig went through to the cell block. “Yes, you heard correct Captain Kramer, a drunkard in the centre of town and a middle-aged couple living nearby the church.” He answered grimly. “I hope your conscience is tearing into your guts you bastard, for landing here knowing that you were bringing those monsters with you.” Craig snarled through the narrow slot in the door.
Kramer was too stunned to respond to this verbal attack, but Maria Alejandra was not. “Look you moron, Captain Kramer told your security chief all about it before we left the Galileo, if you want to blame anyone for the murders then why not go and ask him why he did not quarantine our ship properly, because he sure as hell told us that he had seen to it.” Maria was fuming. “And while we are on the subject, as the authorities now know that we had nothing to do with the first four killings, how come we are still locked up listening to morons like you.” Maria demanded to know.
It was now Craig, who was a little stunned, this time by Maria`s verbal attack, and not having an answer he muttered something unintelligible and left the cell block, closing the door firmly as he went. Revere smiled and left for home, he was looking forward to a quiet evening in, watching television.
Within the cell block, Kramer and Alejandra talked about the case, asking assurances from each other that they had done enough to warn the authorities. Sure, they had been totally exhausted and way out of it, but Strom had been told, they had stressed the dangers posed by the alien creatures, hadn`t they?

Chapter Four

Professor Collinson Arrives

Professor James Collinson, a research scientist working for the Church of the Universe, arrived on New Caledonia via a cargo barge from the freighter Endeavour. Here he was met by the tight security that was thrown around the barge, it had landed with a mixed cargo of goods for the colony. Professor Collinson was its sole passenger, the other passengers had decided to forego the pleasure of landing at New Caledonia and had decided to disembark at the previous port of call, there to wait until the current emergency was over. On exiting the craft, he had to walk along the security tunnel affixed around the main airlock of the barge. From there he walked through the room that housed a second and newly installed body scanner, one that was manned twenty-four hours a day. This new security protocol that travellers had to go through, was to ensure that the alien creatures, real or otherwise, could not slip on to any visiting craft unnoticed. The authorities did not want the creatures, again if they existed, spreading to the planet Earth or one of the many colonised planets. This new procedure was obviously intended to stop invisible travellers, yet the authorities were still hunting for a human murderer, such was the confused state of mind prevalent amongst the authorities of New Caledonia.
Professor Collinson was working on a special project for the Church of the Universe, one that took up all of his time. For the last five years he had been charged with the impossible task of providing scientific proof to the many sceptics that abounded throughout the galaxy, proof that Man was not simply an animal but in fact also possessed an immortal soul, or life-force, which was given to him by God. He had always liked the idea of going up against the impossible, and had said as much so many times before, so he was not daunted by such a massive undertaking. He knew though that this task might take a life time or more to complete, if it could even be completed. Therefore, he had come to New Caledonia to be near to his grandson and his family, for he had no other living relatives, and his lack of success was beginning to make him feel rather mortal. His decision was a little weird, for he had never really got on with his grandson, for Daniel was lacking in imagination, Daniel was someone who found it hard to take new ideas on board, not without a lot of proof rammed down his throat, if then.
Professor Collinson emerged from the body scanner room and walked into the arrival’s hall of the spaceport. Here he was met by a rather tired and pale looking Constable Daniel Poulson, he had pleaded with his grandfather to stay on the freighter, that it would be too dangerous to land on New Caledonia at this moment in time, but Professor Collinson had ignored this advice and landed anyway. It was late in the third day of the murder inquiry, or monster hunt as the people of New Caledonia now called it.
He was soon installed in the spare bedroom of his grandson`s house, and five minutes later was sitting in the front room of the Poulson house where Patricia Poulson was forcing a cup of tea and a large piece of apple pie on him. With his tea in one hand and the apple pie on the coffee table in front of him, Patricia Poulson told him all about the murders. She told him how some of the town`s people thought that it was two alien creatures who were menacing the planet, however, she quickly changed the conversation when her two children came down to say goodnight. The subject was forbidden whenever the children were around in case it gave them nightmares.
On hearing all about the murders and of the creatures, Professor Collinson was most interested, and he broached the subject later that night when his grandson had returned home after visiting the police station for an update on the night’s activities.
“Daniel, Pat was telling me about your aliens, but what I do not understand, and neither did Pat, was why the creatures are killing people, can you enlighten the two of us, just why do the creatures kill?” Professor Collinson asked and Patricia Poulson also looked at her husband as she waited to hear his answer.
“I am sorry Grandfather, but I personally do not agree with that particular theory, that two alien monsters are prowling the streets of our small city. However, not even those who hold with the theory know what their creatures could possibly get out of it. If they are indeed correct in their belief, then obviously the minute pinholes that are bored into their victim`s brain must have something to do with it, but just what it is remains a puzzle.” Constable Poulson replied with a shrug of his shoulders. “In fact, they are a puzzle even to me, for as yet no one can speculate as to what weapon is used to make such minute holes that go some two inches into the brain of all of the victims.”
Professor Collinson sat bolt upright when told about the minute pinholes, for Patricia Poulson had forgotten to tell him about these, now the professor`s own project leapt into his mind.
“Daniel, might I look at the CCTV recording taken in the cell block of your spaceport, the one taken on the night that the two crewmen died? With my specialist equipment there is just a chance that I might be able to find something that your experts have missed, and you wrote in one of your letters that Patricia was something of a computer whiz woman, maybe she could also help me look into your problem.” Professor Collinson asked quietly and looking very innocent.
His grandson thought there was more behind this request than mere idle curiosity, for he had seen how his grandfather had reacted when he heard about the pinholes. However, he decided not to ask just what it might be, better to let his grandfather speak of it when he was ready. In fact, his first thought was to poo hoo the idea, for he hardly needed an amateur investigator meddling in his case, however, as he looked for the correct words to use, he glanced across at his wife, and he saw the interest that she was showing in his grandfather`s offer. He realised that it might make it easier for Patricia to live with the worry of the supposed alien creatures, if she was busy working on the case with his grandfather. However, Poulson did not see how either of them could come up with a lead, not when he was stumped.
“Okay, Grandfather, but everything you see, everything you say or think, must stay within this house, I can ill afford to have any more unsubstantiated rumours flying about the planet, especially ones that I know nothing about.” Constable Poulson waited for his wife and grandfather to agree to his terms before continuing, they both nodded their heads and made the usual sounds so he now continued.
“I will have Deputy Vance send copies of the little that we have over to your computer Pat, I hardly need to ask you to please ensure that the children do not see any of it, the photographs are extremely horrific and the log entries of the Galileo survey ship and the statements from the crew make for grisly reading.”
For the remainder of the evening Professor Collinson told them of his work for the Church, of how he hoped to find an answer before he grew too old to work. Finally, exhausted, they retired for the night, their sleep filled with nightmares of strange creatures attacking their innocent victims.
Constable Poulson was laying in his bed going over the case in his mind when his grandfather`s offer of help popped back into his mind. He realised that he was in need of some fresh incite on the problem, maybe his grandfather could provide it, as he had rather oddball ideas about so many things. One thing was certain, the people working on the citizens patrols were becoming disheartened, for they had found no sign of the alien creatures during their patrols and tempers were getting frayed. He desperately needed a little success to give everyone a boost.

**********

A small hovercraft was moving fast along the road that led to the capital city of New Caledonia. The four miners inside it had decided at the last moment to take a well-earned break from the Morang Titanium mine, they wanted to spend some of their hard-earned credits enjoying the limited delights offered by the city. They would have already arrived at their destination, if they had not been delayed by a fault in their vehicle, and now they were trying hard to make up the lost time. They came around a sharp bend at speed when Shivers, a man who considered himself something akin to a racing driver, saw a figure illuminated by the headlights of the vehicle, and it was standing in the middle of the road.
“My god.” Shivers cried out and wrenched the wheel hard over. Unfortunately, they were now racing towards a large bush, and before he could bring the vehicle to a halt, they crashed through it. They did not come to a stop until their vehicle hit the bottom of a narrow gulley that ran alongside the road, the resulting crash left the rear of the vehicle resting against the top of the gully while the front had slammed into the hard clay at the bottom of the shallow gully.
The two men sitting in the front of the vehicle, Shivers and Garibaldi, were completely out cold, however, the two men at the rear, Powys and Desalt, although badly shaken had suffered nothing more than bloody noses and a pounding headache. These two men struggled out of their seatbelts, worn because of the speed at which they were travelling in the late evening, and opened the doors at the rear of the vehicle. They fought their way through the inflated airbags and finally clambered down to the bottom of the gully, here they stood for a moment on either side of the vehicle while trying to recover their senses. Powys was on the driver’s side and he immediately thought about their other two friends, he was fumbling for the driver’s door handle when his head was slammed hard against the door, and he literally saw stars as his headache exploded to new heights. Almost unconscious he felt two hands turn him around and then he screamed as two fangs bit into his neck
Desalt heard his friend`s head hit the door but he was still not fully awake, so said nothing, however, the blood curdling scream brought him fully awake. He made to rush around the front of the vehicle when he too felt two hands grab him, this time by the scruff of his neck, and then his legs were kicked out from under him. One second later and his head was slammed into the front of the vehicle, groggily he looked round for his assailant only to be pulled to his feet and then have two fangs drive through the soft flesh of his neck. He too screamed in pain and attempted to fight back against his assailant, only to see that his assailant was invisible, which made him scream all the louder.
Inside the vehicle the two men sitting in the front may have heard the screams coming from their friends, but unfortunately, they could not fight through the multiple foggy images that flooded their minds to be of any help, two minutes later and they were dead too.
While feeding the Venetou noticed that the men had knives hanging from their belts, and within the vehicle they found a multitude of tools including two axes. The Venetou knew all about such items as they had fashioned knives and hand axes out of obsidian for various purposes when they had been on Retem. However, they had left their own tools behind due to the necessity to get aboard the Galileo before it left the planet in a panic induced rush. They took these metal weapons and tools back to their den for their own use, stashing half of them in the nearby local forest, just in case it became necessary to leave their den in a hurry.
The hovercraft, which was more in than out of the gully, was well hidden, especially as a large mass of bushes was between it and the road. Anyone driving along the road would not see it, only someone actually searching for them stood a chance of finding them, and no one would miss these men for four or five days, when then they would then be officially missing.
Sarai and Talia smiled, for the hunt had gone well, they decided to stay in their new den which was within walking distance to the road, and with the city even nearer. They hoped to enjoy many more successful hunts here, for they had seen many Bora travelling this road, both into and away from the many dens of the Bora. Only one thing bothered them, with so many Bora here, why were there no other Venetou, could they have travelled so far from their people in the magical den of this tribe of Bora?

**********

Professor Collinson and Patricia Poulson were both excited when the promised data was delivered on to Patricia`s computer digitally. They spent the first half of the day going through all the statements and log entries and then looked at the CCTV recording taken on the Galileo, the recordings though told them nothing except that the murderers, be they creatures or human, had somehow stopped the recorder from working. It was now time for them to look at the CCTV recordings of both the scanning room and the cell block, but Patricia Poulson declared that she was famished, it was time for lunch, the case could wait until after they were both fed and watered.

**********

Constable Poulson`s day was an improvement on his last two days, although the town`s volunteers had not come up with anything, nor was there any sign of any members of the crew of the Galileo, but on the plus side thankfully no more of the town`s people had been attacked. This would be strange if the murders were committed by an alien creature, but this very fact lent credence to his theory that the other attacks had been nothing more than a vicious smokescreen.
Even the call from Roge Revere did not faze him, it came just after midday, Revere needed him to come to the security wing at the spaceport, as their two guests were demanding to be released, Poulson was whistling as he entered the security wing. Poulson knew that his two main suspects would not like what he had to say to them, with this in mind he had Revere plus two of the security guards on hand to ensure that he could handle them without having to resort to using his energy weapon.
Captain Kramer and Maria Alejandra knew that they were about to receive more bad news as Poulson had resorted to using two of the planetary security guards to escort them to the table where yesterday they, along with Revere and the others, had been of some help to Constable Poulson.
“Please sit-down Captain Kramer, Professor Alejandra.” Poulson said very formally which in itself told them that this meeting was probably not going to result in their release from their uncomfortable cells.
“I am afraid that I am unable to let you go just yet, it is still my opinion that one, but more likely both of you, are guilty of all the murders, both of your crew members and of the five citizens of New Caledonia.” Poulson said in a flat monotone voice.
Both Maria Alejandra and Captain Kramer exploded at his opening statement. “How on Earth can we be guilty of murdering the five citizens of this planet, we have been locked up here since we arrived back on the planet from our trip into hell?” Kramer demanded to know as did Maria Alejandra, who was now reduced to tears by the unfairness of it all.
Constable Poulson waited for the explosion to die down before answering their question.
“I have finally worked out what has been happening since you left New Caledonia some two weeks ago, you two, together with at least two more of your crew murdered the others on your ship to keep whatever you found on Retem a secret. You murdered your two engineers either because it meant that there would be less of you to share whatever it is you found, or because you could not trust them to stay quiet about it. As for the five murders here on New Caledonia, your two accomplices, the two who came through the body scanning room after you had walked through it, killed them to throw a smokescreen around your activities. The fact that there were no murders last night tends to prove this, for if there really were two alien creatures rampaging around New Caledonia, they would have continued feeding.” Poulson said triumphantly.
“Constable, tell me please, are we to be officially charged with murder?” Kramer asked.
“Not today, Captain, but within the next few days, until then you will be held here on a holding charge, if necessary, that of importing two dangerous creatures to New Caledonia.” Poulson replied.
“But you do not believe in the invisible alien creatures!” Captain Kramer replied in exasperation. He and Maria Alejandra looked at each other and both of them felt like screaming in exasperation, instead they finally insisted on seeing a lawyer, something that Constable Poulson agreed to arrange.

**********

Meanwhile, Professor Collinson and Patricia Poulson had finished their lunch and were ready once again for their self-imposed task, normally the professor would work through the day before stopping due to exhaustion and hunger, after his lunch today he decided that maybe this way was better, he found he had more energy with which to work on their task.
Sitting down on the large sofa that took up much of the front room, they ran both of the charge, recordings, the one made in the cell block corridor and the other one made in the scanning room. They used the family multimedia machine, a machine meant for high quality recordings rather than poor quality ones. They could see some blurred figures on the second of the recordings, but they were badly out of focus, as Daniel had said, and there was also a lot of interference. The recordings were also rather short, as the electrical parts of the CCTV cameras had both finally short circuited, although no one could offer a reason as to why.
“We are not going to get a lot out of those recordings Grandfather, the recordings are not much better than the previous lack of recordings from the Galileo were.” Patricia said down heartedly, for she had hoped to be able to help her husband solve what was a particularly difficult case.
“I am not so sure Pat, I think that with the equipment that I brought with me, and that is stored up in the bedroom, that you so kindly made available to me, we should be able to improve quite a lot on the picture quality, and maybe even rid ourselves of the interference.” Professor Collinson declared boldly. “Do you think the Daniel will mind if we transfer my equipment to his office, it should not take up too much space?”
“No, Dan will not mind, especially if we can help him, he is in so much need of any sort of assistance right now, so a computer and some other hardware will not annoy him.”
With this decided Patricia followed Professor Collinson up the single flight of stairs to his bedroom and stood by the bed while Professor Collinson pointed out all the equipment they would need, she had not realised just how much equipment had been stored away inside the small bedroom, there was hardly room for the Professor to get into his bed. All this equipment had been delivered two days before the professor had arrived, he had chosen a slightly longer but more comfortable route for his person.
“Grandfather, we will have to see about moving some of your boxes into the garage, there simply is not room for you and all of your things in this small room.” Patricia declared.
“We shall see after we move the items that I indicated to you down into Daniel`s office.” Professor Collinson said by way of an answer, for he liked to have his equipment where he could see it.
They had soon manoeuvred all of the items required, back down the flight of stairs, and then Professor Collinson set them up in the office. Patricia frowned as she looked at the small amount of space left to her husband, but she knew it would be worth it if they found something to help him.
Once Professor Collinson was happy with his equipment, he began to adjust the settings on a slim black box. Then he connected it up to a large monitor and a series of other units each having many dials, gauges and flashing lights on the front of them, finally he was pronounced himself ready and he turned to Patricia.
“Right then Pat, insert the recording taken in the body scanning room into that device next to you, the one that has the USB insignia on the front.” Pat did so and then she sat down to watch the show.
The slim back box which was the master processor began to process the digital recording, automatically applying various filters, it simulated an increase in the exposure of the digital picture while using a polarising filter in tandem with a UV filter and various coloured filters. It was supposed to have automatically screened out all of the interference but when the computer had finished with the picture, they still found themselves watching a rather blurred recording of the action within the body scanning room.
“Damned computers, they never seem able to just do what you want them to do.” Professor Collinson complained and immediately began to fiddle with the controls on all of the various pieces of technology spread around the room. Finally, there appeared on the monitor before Patricia Poulson a slightly imperfect picture which showed two men dressed in what appeared to be the uniforms of the crew of the Galileo.
“Are that`s better Pat.” Professor Collinson declared as they watched the two figures walk past the body scanner but them the recording stopped, that is all there was of it.
“It is true Grandfather, what Daniel has said all along, the murderers are human and they look to be two of the Galileo`s crew. There are no invisible alien creatures rampaging around New Caledonia!” Patricia Poulson gasped in surprise.
“It certainly appears to be so Pat, and this must mean that Captain Kramer and Professor Alejandra are guilty as charged. Pat, do you have a copy of the flyer showing the crew of the Galileo.” Professor Collison asked grimly.
“Yes, there is one under this file.” Patricia Poulson said picking up the file and handing the flyer made by her husband to Professor Collinson.
The professor looked at the monitor showing the two figures and then put the flyer up against it. “I know that the picture of the two men on my monitor is not that good Pat, but I believe that it shows two different people.” He said thoughtfully. “The taller of the two is too well built to be one of the male members of the crew, while the smaller one who I believe to be a woman, is too tall to be one of the women who crewed on the Galileo. I suppose they could be two of the security personnel, although why they would dress in the crew`s uniform is beyond me.”
“Well, does that mean that nothing escaped from the Galileo, Grandfather?” Patricia Poulson asked. She had not expected this scenario.
“I do not know Pat, maybe Daniel will be able to tell us who our two mystery figures are and at least he now has his photographs of them.” Professor Collinson replied.
They then watched the recording taken in the cell block, however no amount of fiddling with the computers managed to clear up the picture and it also stopped rather suddenly.
They were both quite excited by their work on the one recording that they had managed to clean up, and also by their discussions regarding the two mystery people. When Constable Poulson returned home for a rest, prior to the coming night`s vigil to halt the attacks on the citizens of New Caledonia, they showed him the upgraded recording and awaited his reaction.
After looking at the two figures on the monitor Constable Poulson also looked confused. “I agree Grandfather, these two people do not resemble any of the members of the crew of the Galileo, they do not even resemble any of the security team at the spaceport, and I met them all over the last couple of days. I will call Francis Strom and have him come by to look at our two mystery people, maybe he can throw a little light on just who they are. As to why they would be wearing the uniforms of the crew of the Galileo, well I have no idea, unless it was a bad attempt to throw even more suspicion upon our two main suspects. Ten minutes later and a confused Francis Strom was looking at the monitor.
“Even though the quality of the recording is still not perfect, I can definitely say that I have never seen either of those two people, and as they must have come along the security tunnel it also means that they came off the Galileo. Once again, we return to the same answer, we have two of our murderers safe and secure in the security wing of our spaceport building, now all we have to do is catch the other two, whoever they are.”
“And as I have said repeatedly, there are no invisible creatures here on New Caledonia, simply a pair of men with a fancy gizmo that interferes with CCTV cameras.” Constable Poulson declared confidently to them. However, he was very relieved by this new evidence, for even he had begun to believe in the possibility of the invisible creatures.
“Constable Poulson, this recording shows that we need to speak to the men of my security team working at the spaceport. They need to explain how these two strangers walked past them without anyone challenging them.” Francis Strom said, his day had finished badly after showing such promise.

***********

After Constable Poulson and Francis Strom had left to interrogate Kramer and Alejandra, and to show them this new evidence, Professor Collinson and Patricia Poulson discussed the evidence that they had procured for Daniel Poulson.
“Grandfather, I cannot understand why Captain Kramer and Professor Alejandra would make up such a poor scenario as the one we are asked to believe. And to kill all of those people, people who were their friends, and just to gain some unknown riches, riches that they can only have known about after they had landed on Retem. No, all of it is really too impossible to believe, and their defence attorney will tear the case to bits.” Patricia Poulson said in a worried voice, for she could see that it would also cast a bad light upon her husband.
“Let`s go over everything that we do know Pat.” Professor Collinson said in an equally worried voice. “Captain Kramer in his statement said that it appeared that Professor Palin had actually seen one of the creatures, it was just before he was killed by it. I hardly think that the creature was carrying around some sort of personal cloaking device as Daniel originally thought possible, it would surely be too bulky an item to manhandle around the bridge of a starship. It seems more likely to be a form of super chameleonic ability, under certain conditions you might see fleeting movements, maybe to do with the way the light shines upon the creatures.” Professor Collinson theorised.
“On the bridge of a starship there would be many solid blocks of single colours mixed in with all the computer screens filled with data, if you are correct Grandfather, maybe it was impossible for even this creature to effectively blend into such a background.” Patricia Poulson said thoughtfully. “However, for your theory to be correct it means that its chameleonic ability must work in 3D, or is it 4D?” Patricia wondered for a moment before continuing. “As in 3D they would be visible to someone to the rear of them, is that not so?”
Professor Collinson looked thoughtfully at Patricia Poulson as he thought about her arguments, however, he was not technologically minded enough to give her an answer just yet. Across from him Patricia Poulson was also silent for a moment as she rehearsed what she now wanted to add to their discussion. “Grandfather, I really do not think that 3D or 4D is possible, maybe for a robot with a computer, but not for a flesh and blood creature. Grandfather, if Captain Kramer and Professor Alejandra are innocent, as they say they are, then it follows that we actually do have two creatures that can make it hard to be seen and by some means as yet unknown.” Patricia Poulson said and she suddenly felt quite exhausted by it all, which is just how her husband felt.

**********

Ten minutes after leaving his home Constable Poulson, together with Francis Strom, were speaking to Captain Kramer and Professor Alejandra within the security room at the spaceport.
“This is a photograph showing the two figures that followed on behind you through the body scanner room, it shows two people unknown to either myself or to Mr Strom, maybe you can tell us who they are?” Constable Poulson demanded to know and he passed the photograph across to his two prime suspects.
“I would add that they can only have entered the scanning room from the security tunnel, this means that they must have come from the Galileo, now come on, tell us the truth, you two were involved in the murder of your crewmen.” Francis Strom said accusingly.
Kramer and Alejandra looked at the photograph and then at each other, it was obvious to Poulson that they were stunned by the photograph, and maybe a little perplexed.
“Mr Strom, you had at least one guard in the security tunnel, how on earth could these two people get by him without your security guard noticing them, I mean one of the two is a big guy.” Kramer demanded in return. “Mr Strom, shouldn`t you be asking your questions of whoever was left inside the security tunnel after your people escorted the two of us through to the changing rooms?”
“That is what we fully intend to do Captain, and after we have spoken to my security men, I will gladly let you and Professor Alejandra know their answers.” Strom replied quietly, temporarily thrown by Kramer`s reply to his accusation.
It was now that Maria Alejandra took over the meeting, her mind had long found answers to difficult questions and it was no different now even stressed as she was.
“Let me go over what we all know and agree on. First something or somebody began to murder the crew of the Galileo both on the planet Retem and on the survey ship itself, this we all agree on.” Poulson, Strom and Kramer all nodded their agreement to her words so she continued with her summing up. “Two murderers then left the Galileo in broad daylight and followed us past the security men stationed there to prevent this very thing from happening, they then followed us into this room. I am correct when I say that all the other doors leading off the corridor that travels from the scanning room to this room are always kept locked, correct Mr Strom.” Maria Alejandra waited until Strom had nodded in somewhat of a daze before continuing. “The same two murderers may then have followed us into the cell block, and then calmly walked into the cells without anyone seeing them. Later, during the early morning, probably during the electrical storm, they then killed Chief Mayers and engineer Milano, in this very secure security building. They then somehow escaped, and all this without being invisible for some of the time? Now, please answer these two questions gentlemen, does it seem at all possible without at least the aid of Mr Strom and is it not proof the innocence of Captain Kramer and myself?”
“Let me think some more about this for a moment Professor Alejandra, before I answer you.” Constable Poulson said. He had recorded all that Maria Alejandra had said, so as to be able to use it against her at the trial. Now, quietly deflated, as was Strom, he replayed the recording time and time again before replying to her demand.
“I agree Professor Alejandra that we need to ask the security personnel about the two people shown on the recording, however it is still possible that the murder of the two ship`s engineers could have been carried out by you or the captain here. As to how these two people walked along the security tunnel, through the corridors of this building and then managed to get out of the building is a very good question, and one that I will need some more time to answer. First though, Mr Strom and I will speak to his security personnel to question them about the two strangers, and one of us will return to give you a full answer to your questions. You are correct in the final part of your summation, if we cannot offer any reasonable explanation to your questions, we will have to release the both of you.”
Kramer and Alejandra were elated and Kramer shook her hand and congratulated her on her summation of the important facts of the case, and especially getting Constable Poulson to admit that he might have to let them go free.
A very worried Poulson and Strom spent two further hours questioning the security personnel, however, not one of them admitted seeing the two mystery people, and for no one to see them at some time posed a very serious question, could these two people have the ability to turn invisible.
Poulson decided to sleep on the matter before releasing what had up until now been his two prime, and only, murder suspects. One other thing was clear to him, unless the security men were in on the murders, and that would make the list of conspirators far too long to be practicable, Lydia Mann must also be innocent. This meant that invisible creatures could well be living and killing in New Caledonia. Poulson now damned and blasted himself for ignoring this very distinct possibility, one that, as Revere had said earlier, fitted all of the facts.
Francis Strom returned to the cell block to inform his two prisoners all that had been said by his security men. “I believe that Constable Poulson will order your release sometime very soon, for the moment he is sleeping on the matter. You will agree that it is all very hard to take in.” Strom said. “I will apologise to you both then, in front of others. I would like to add in my defence, I did not lie to you, I fully believed that my team had done as I had ordered. Unfortunately, I found out today that they wasted five minutes searching for the seal of the tunnel, something that they should already have had with them. The deaths of so many people will forever lie on my conscience.”

**********

It was now that a constructive way to help his grandson occurred to Professor Collinson, and as Constable Poulson did not return home Professor Collinson called upon him at the police station where the professor found that he had just returned moments ago.
“An idea occurred to me Daniel, your two men, or creatures, have obviously made a den for themselves somewhere within the town, it should be fairly easy to track it down. Surely some department on the planet has a list of all the empty buildings, if you have no luck this evening in trapping the creatures then we could visit each empty building tomorrow. They do seem to prefer the night to do their hunting, so we just might catch them napping, there cannot be too many such buildings, and we can take along a portable infrared detector in case they disappear before our eyes, what do you say Daniel?” Professor Collinson asked eagerly.
“Yes, Grandfather, you might well be right, as you say, if we have no luck tonight then tomorrow, we will certainly finish them off.” Constable Poulson agreed and yawned as exhaustion was rapidly overcoming his shattered body. He needed sleep to clear his mind, only then would he be able to sort out the new evidence that his grandfather and his wife had presented him with. For he now had no idea as to who were his prime suspects now, unless they were indeed invisible alien vampires?
“Come on Grandfather, I need my sleep, I was going to work late but I think I will leave it to my deputies on the night shift, let`s go home.”

**********

That night the Venetou decided to hunt alongside the main highway that snaked out of the small city of New Caledonia, first though they needed something from out of the nearby forest. Therefore, they first walked to the outskirts of the local forest, and here they cut down some of the long creepers that hung down from the trees. With these coiled up to make for easy handling they returned to the crash site of yesterday and collected the dead body of the driver.
The Venetou were now ready to set their trap for any travellers moving along the road. They tied the arms of one of the dead men to two of the creepers, the creepers were now pulled tight and then secured to two large rocks on either side of the road. This had the effect of standing the dead body upright and right in the middle of the road, it was at a point where it was quite narrow, as this section of the road had been cut through a hard granite up thrust of rock. It was also right in the middle section of an s-bend, which would ensure that any travellers coming along the road would not see the body, arms stretched out, until it was too late.
The hour was very late and they were lucky, for only one vehicle was coming along the road, more than one could have caused them problems, the vehicle that came fast around the bend was driven by a young man of twenty, with him were his girlfriend and his best friend together with his girlfriend. They were on the way home after a night out dancing, and looking forward to the rest of the weekend, for it was Friday.
“Christ, Billy Meldrew screamed as he saw the body as he sped around the bend, he immediately hit the brakes, unfortunately they were going much too fast to be able to stop in time, their lightweight vehicle crashed through the flimsy barrier, the dead body destroyed the windscreen and crashed through the car knocking out Meldrew and his girlfriend.
Sarai and Talia knew nothing of motor cars of any sort, however, even they could see that this one was finished when it careered off the road and smashed into the hard granite rocks that bordered the road. The two Venetou ran to the now smoking vehicle and attacked the two passengers in the rear seats, these two were decidedly groggy following the crash and put up no resistance at all, not even noticing when the sharp fangs entered their necks. However, they tried to scream when the hard tongue penetrated their eyes. Sarai and Talia then turned to the people in the front seats, the two Venetou fed well that night, their luck was holding for they had enough time to push the vehicle, with its dead people still inside, behind a road sign urging motorists to drive slowly, and well before another vehicle came along the quiet road.

**********

Constable Poulson did manage to get a few hours of sleep that night, but it was still quite early the following morning that he awoke and left his wife, children and grandfather asleep in their beds. At the police station all was quiet, no further attacks had been reported against the citizens of New Caledonia. Deputy Landers was now kept busy with the new task assigned to him by Constable Poulson, this task was one of accumulating the addresses of all of the empty office buildings, factories, and shops which were within or near to the town. After that he checked to see which houses were temporarily empty as their owner was away for whatever reason. He then made up a schedule that would minimise the time used to check on all of these buildings. After lunch, the police department and the volunteer citizens` brigade began to check on the buildings, always with an infrared detector and an energy weapon at the ready, just in case they were lucky enough to find their prey.
Professor Collinson accompanied his grandson and two of the town`s volunteer citizens` brigade while they checked on three industrial units that were on the edge of town. The first two were just empty shells waiting for someone to show an interest in them before they were completed, and they found nothing there except stress, the stress of coming across two homicidal alien creatures who might just be invisible. The third unit had a buyer who was bringing twenty workers with him, he had decided to move away from Earth and its many problems and start afresh here, amid his customers and with reduced delivery costs, for most of his customers lived on one of the colonised planets.
Constable Poulson had already acquired the key to the premises, but on arriving and parking their vehicle at the back he found that the key was not required, for the door had been forced open, something unheard of on New Caledonia. The alarm system had not operated simply because it had not as yet been activated, for crime on the planet was almost non-existent, as it was before the Venetou arrived. Constable Poulson was about to push the door wide open when he stopped and turned to the other three men.
“Set your weapons on their medium setting, that will stop anyone from escaping, even alien creatures, should they be inside, but it also will ensure that a stray shot does not kill any of us. Now, let`s keep quiet as we proceed, only speak if you see whoever broke into this building, okay?” he said.
On receiving their agreements by way of three nods he took out his weapon and adjusted the setting, his action being duplicated by the two volunteers, however, Professor Collinson did not have an energy weapon for he did not like them. In his belt he carried a wicked looking Bowie knife which he had been presented with while on his travels when much younger, and in his hands was the infrared detector which he had insisted to Daniel that all the teams take with them.
Constable Poulson pushed the exterior door wide open and the four men quietly slipped through the open doorway into a short corridor off of which there were two doors on the right-hand side and a further door at its end. He stopped when he came to the first door.
“Tom, you and Mel stand ready as I open this first door, Grandfather you get ready with the infrared detector, just in case everyone else is right about these creatures.” Constable Poulson whispered. He still had not fully reconciled the recording evidence with his sense of what was possible.
Constable Poulson quietly opened the door so as not to alert anyone should they be elsewhere in the building, then he pushed it wide open while Professor Collinson swept the empty room with the detector, it showed only that the room was empty. Tom and Mel, who had been holding their breath in anticipation of being attacked by two dangerous animals both began to breathe again.
Constable Poulson now led the way to the next door and this too only opened up onto an empty room. This left only the door at the end of the corridor, the one that would allow them to enter the main part of the building. He looked at the two volunteers, they were now showing signs of the stress they had been under since they had begun searching buildings just two hours earlier. He smiled at them to try to reassure them that everything would be all right. He then looked at his grandfather, and to his surprise saw that he seemed to be holding up better than the two much younger men.
“I am fine Daniel, let`s proceed through the next door.” Professor Collinson urged by way of assuring his grandson that he was ready and willing to proceed, his voice almost as quiet as a church mouse.
Daniel smiled at his grandfather`s words. “Okay everyone, same procedure as before.” He whispered. With that he opened the door, in front of them was a large open room which would be the factory, Professor Collinson scanned the empty room before them but nothing registered on his machine. Constable Poulson led them into the room, he saw that off of this large room, on the right-hand side, were three rooms in a line, he led his team forward along the left-hand wall before them. Tom followed him, then Professor Collinson and last of all Mel. With Professor Collinson scanning the empty space ahead of them they were all finally able to see into the middle of the three smaller rooms on the other side of the factory. They stopped as one and gasped out their surprise for they saw through its open door two large grey humanoid creatures dressed in the uniforms of the crew of the Galileo, creatures who resembled the creatures on the recording that the professor had been working on. In that instance Constable Poulson smiled smugly. “Invisible creatures, I do not think so.” He whispered to himself forgetting the evidence of the recording for a moment, or that he was looking at what appeared to be two alien creatures.
The creatures looked up in surprise at the entrance of the four men, they had been about to settle down and go to sleep, five minutes later and the men of New Caledonia would have caught them asleep, now though they leapt to their feet as Mel fired his weapon at them. The powerful bolt of energy whistled through the air and exploded against the wall of the room. A moment ago, it would have struck Sarai, instead he and his female crashed through the windows on either side of the small room as a high-powered energy bolt from Tom`s weapon screamed through the open door to explode once again against the rear wall of the room.
The two Venetou exited through the doors of the other two smaller rooms and once within the main room the solid bodies of the two Venetou seemingly blended with the pale cream paintwork behind them. Constable Poulson froze as he saw the two creatures disappear in front of his eyes, he now knew that there was no personal cloaking device involved, they actually had the ability to turn invisible!
From either side of the room the two Venetou both moved silently but speedily towards the four men, Professor Collinson was not as surprised as the other three men and he swept the detector across the room and he immediately saw the large form of Sarai bearing down on them from the right. Tom had moved forward, with Mel moving hesitantly after his friend, both drawn by the hypnotic mind of the invisible Sarai, this was so he could take the Bora on one at a time.
“Daniel, one of them is bearing down on Mel and Tom.” He shouted loudly. Mel and Tom, fear once again on their faces, fired their weapons at the open space in front of them but hit nothing.
Sarai ran right across the front of Mel and launched himself at Tom in an effort to aid Talia. Tom screamed in pain as Sarai bit deeply into his neck, Mel moved quickly towards his friend, fear emblazoned across his face, his weapon pointing towards the floor. However, seeing his friend collapse to the floor he brought his weapon up and setting it to its widest setting he fired again. The energy bolt caught Sarai a glancing blow as he stood there feeling with his mind for Talia, he stumbled and screamed in pain, the right side of his body paralysed by the energy bolt, but he did not fall. Two energy weapons were swinging towards the part of the room which had lit up when the energy bolt had hit him and he moved to the wall in the hope of evading yet another attack, fear for the first time in his life eating away at his insides.
Professor Collinson quickly swung the detector right across the room in search of the second creature and quickly found it. He screamed out a warning as Talia crashed into the constable sending him crashing into the wall, then she was upon Mel. He had moved nearer to the wall, and away from where he knew an invisible monster lay in wait for him, and his course took him inadvertently towards Talia. Talia was now holding him rigid in the grip of her two powerful hands, she drove her two large fangs into his soft neck, it was just as Professor Collinson dropped the detector and pulled out his knife. He now moved quickly towards the invisible Talia and the volunteer and stabbed the empty space before him.
Talia had seen him approach and as Professor Collinson had stabbed towards her, she let her victim fall to the floor and leapt upon the professor biting him. Professor Collinson felt the pain as the fangs entered his neck, he swung his sharp knife and smiled as he felt it enter the creature. The Venetou screamed in pain as the knife entered her side, she feared for her unborn and pulled herself free of the knife, she wanted to attack this Bora but fear for the unborn made her turn and run towards her mate. The two Venetou limped towards the large glass doors at the front from the building, which Sarai had already forced open that morning, wanting two escape routes should it become necessary. Leaving the battle scene, they disappeared into the countryside, once safe, they would be able to consider what this turn of events meant for them. She felt the blood running down her side and put her hand to her wound to help stop the flow of her precious blood. She knew that if the wound in her side was not too severe, she would be okay, for her kind recovered quickly from such wounds, however, she was worried for her unborn, for the weapon of the Bora had indeed been long and sharp, and it had gone in deep.
Constable Poulson was unconscious for all of ten seconds, when he came too, he found that the fighting was all over. Tom was dead, and Mel and his grandfather were both unconscious, that they had both been bitten was plain from the marks on their necks and the blood on their necks, but both were still alive. He quickly pulled out his personal communicator and called for an ambulance. Only then did he put a call in to the other search parties for urgent assistance. Looking about the room he saw the blood trail leaving the building and on seeing it he smiled, albeit grimly, one of the creatures had been injured by his grandfather, for he saw the bloody knife still gripped firmly in his hand. He would have to get it analysed, for there was no telling just what it would tell them, maybe something about their ability to disappear from his sight. His eyes turned back to his grandfather and he felt a stab of worry, it took away the aches caused by the creature when it crashed into him, it was only now that he realised that his own head was bleeding. Invisible creatures, he raged at himself, all the evidence pointed to it but he had refused to believe it, it had taken the death of one of his people and the near death of two others before he saw sense, and his grandfather could be dying before his eyes. Tears flowed down his face as he heard the sound of the emergency services pulling up outside of the building.

**********

Professor Collinson awoke to find a very worried Patricia Poulson sitting by his bedside in the planet`s main hospital.
“Grandfather, you are awake, thank god, we were so worried, Daniel is here too, he has just left to visit the washroom. He is in such a state, he blames himself both for his intransigence and for taking you along on the search.” She said in a rush, a look of relief upon her pretty face.
Professor Collinson smiled weakly as he looked up at her. “Tell Daniel not to be so silly, it was my idea, and so I was never going to allow him to go without me. But tell me, how are Mel and Tom, are they all right?” He asked weakly.
“Poor Tom died from the bite of one of those creatures, poor Julia, that is his wife, she is desolate, I do feel for her, I can imagine how I would have felt if it had been Daniel who had been bitten by one of those terrible creatures.” Patricia sniffed and wiped away a solitary tear before continuing. “However, because of your actions Mel is alive, he is slowly recovering next door, Daniel told me that your actions in attacking the female creature saved not only his own life but that of Mel as well.” Patricia said proudly and she leant over and kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you, Grandfather, for saving Daniels’s life, I will always be in your debt.” Tears began to slip down her face and seconds later she burst into tears. Professor Collinson pulled her head down onto his chest and held her there until her sobs had subsided.
This was how Constable Poulson found them, and he was over joyed to see his grandfather awake and looking a little better, although he was still a little pale. He took a moment to compose himself before greeting his grandfather.
“Well, you are looking better Grandfather; how do you feel after your battle?” He asked as he looked down upon the now smiling face of his wife who had turned to smile at him on hearing him speak, her hand wiping away her tears.
“I am fine Daniel, but tell me how goes the hunt for the creatures?” Professor Collinson demanded to know.
“Well, Grandfather, that creature that you wrestled with turned out to be the female of the species, your sharp knife caused her to bleed quite a bit and we found signs of the pregnancy hormone chorionic gonadotropin in her blood, and for a human woman that would be proof that she was pregnant. It was probably worry for her unborn child that made her break off the attack.” Constable Poulson said.
“The creatures will probably have fled to the country where they will hide until they have both recovered, unless we find them, they will then return to feed once more upon us” Constable Poulson said in a whisper so that the other patients of the hospital did not hear him.
“They will be harder to catch now that they have felt our weapons, and as you say Daniel, we need to act before they fully recover.” Professor Collinson advised.
“I will have to act Grandfather; all you have to do is to recover.” Constable Poulson stated firmly.
“It was my idea that found them before Daniel and I now claim the right to be with you on the new hunt.” Professor Collinson whispered back. “And a love bite is not going to put me on the side line.” He said reprovingly.
Patricia Poulson did not know whether to back up her husband or his grandfather in this argument, for she liked the idea of Professor Collinson riding shotgun alongside her husband, he had saved his life once, maybe he would be ideally placed to do it again.
“I will abide by the medical prognosis Grandfather.” Constable Poulson replied with a grin.
Constable Poulson now felt able to return to the police station, leaving Patricia Poulson at his grandfather`s bedside to keep him company.

**********

Sarai, was recovering from the effects of the high-powered energy bolt, he and Talia were in the rear of a small dry cave hidden within the large northern forest of New Caledonia, but they were still within striking distance of their prey. Sarai was attempting to describe to Talia what the weapon of the Bora had done to him.
“It was as if a Venetou had bitten me, my whole side was paralysed Talia, if I had been in the centre of the strange light, I do not believe that I would be here to talk of this.” Sarai declared to his mate. “Talia, this is the first time that a Venetou has ever run away from a Bora, our ancestors will look upon us with scorn for such an act as this.” Sarai said fearfully.
“No, they will not Sarai, they will have seen the terrible weapons of these Bora, and they will understand our need to depart the scene of the battle, injured as you were and I worried for the unborn, we had no other option but to flee from the Bora.” Talia said in their defence. “However, we will return soon and wash away this act, they will pay for their attack on the chosen ones.” Talia vowed grimly. However, she still felt ashamed at such an act, for as Sarai had said, to flee from the Bora was unheard of amongst the Venetou.
“We will have to be more careful in future, for these Bora acted as if they were Venetou, they were actually hunting us, Talia!” Sarai declared in awe of such a thing happening. “And one thing is now certain, you will have to be careful, now that you are carrying our unborn.” Sarai warned his mate.
“It will be another nine moons before I give birth to our first-born Sarai, for now I will fight by your side against this fierce Bora.” Talia declared boldly, and her mate knew better then to argue against her decision, for as always, she was so brave, but incredibly stubborn.
“As soon as the moon rises, we will have to move deeper into the forest, until we have recovered enough to return here, from their actions I believe they will be out searching for us, unbelievable as it sounds Talia. When we are both recovered, they will find us, and then we will feed upon them.” Sarai said boldly and his mate smiled her agreement to his wise words.

Chapter Five

The Hunt is On

Professor Collinson was allowed to leave the hospital the next morning, and Constable Poulson, who had been assured by the doctors that his grandfather was well, took him, not to his home, but to a meeting being held at the planetary council offices. Already at the meeting were Bishop Tamaki, Council man Valik Balsam, Council woman Carole Masters, Council man Eric Swenson and the head of the Morang Corporation`s security on the planet, Francis Strom.
Once the professor and Poulson had arrived at the meeting, Poulson introduced his grandfather to the others, and after the usual how do you do`s he then told them why he had brought his grandfather to the meeting.
“I have only recently discovered what a clever man my grandfather is, I believe that he will bring along to the meeting a much-needed insight into the behaviour of these creatures, and this might even provide us with an idea as to how to capture them.”
“Professor Collinson blushed after such an introduction, but on being urged to speak on the matter in hand he did so.
“Ms Masters, gentlemen, Daniel is correct, for I do believe that I can provide you with an insight regarding these alien creatures. Now, I have read all the evidence that we have to hand, as I am sure that you have also, and I firmly believe that the creatures are not just attacking our people for no reason, no, they must get something out of it, and I expect that you too must have come to this obvious conclusion.” The professor stopped here for a moment to allow his audience to nod their agreement, then he continued.
“I have thought long on the matter while confined to my hospital bed and I have come to believe that these creatures might have evolved to live off the life-force of an intelligent species such as mankind. Now the life-force, as I like to call it, has long been known of; unfortunately, as mankind developed, he put aside such beliefs. However, many of the religions on Earth still talk of it, just by another name, they now refer to it as esoteric energies. In Taoist philosophy they speak of Qi, the Hindus believe in Prana, and of course, God is said to have given the breath of life to Adam in Genesis. Parapsychologists believe in people having a visible aura, or psychic energy. Of course, the scientists of today do not hold with such out-dated and foolish ideas.” His audience were beginning to fidget, they were beginning to get uncomfortable with the course that their meeting had taken, and Balsam looked to be about to butt in, however the professor spoke over his polite cough.
“You do not agree, and I do not blame you at all, if it were not for the ten minute holes behind each victim`s eye. These holes, which as yet have not been explained, and are indeed impossible to reproduce, travel some distance into the brain of the victim. Now, we cannot simply disregard these minute holes simply because we do not understand them, no, in fact they are of the utmost importance to Mankind.” His audience had now settled down and all of them now awaited his next words with renewed interest.
“You all believe in the one God, as I do, what you may not know is that your church, the Church of the Universe, asked me many years ago to find the proof for the unbelievers that God did in fact breathe life into man, as Genesis states. I believe that here on New Caledonia, I am actually close to providing that proof, and that these creatures will help me to find it.” The professor said to a now hushed audience. It was now that Bishop Tamaki interrupted the professor`s talk.
“I had heard about the project, but thought that after so long it must have been abandoned, I am glad to find that I am in error.” He said and gave the floor back to the professor.
“I will never abandon such a task Bishop, and here on New Caledonia, and as I have just said, your alien creatures might just show me the way. As soon as I heard about the ten minute holes, I asked myself one question, what can the creatures possibly get out of the brain of their victim. These creatures are certainly nowhere near as intelligent as we are, so I ask you, is it not foolish to say that they made a tool, one that actually made the minute holes found within the brains of their victims, but of course it is. However, all the victims had them, so now we must assume that their killers not only caused them but got something out of the deal, they surely did not do it for fun. Now the medical opinion is that these minute holes were not the cause of death, the toxin found within all of the victims` blood is thought to be what killed them, a toxin that paralyses the victim`s muscular system. However, I believe that this is just a prelude to the main event, let me explain. The creatures first penetrate the eye, and then, via the Foramen Ovale, enter the brain leaving those ten minute holes behind to provide us with a clue as to why this happened. In fact, this is the only real evidence we have to show us that this was done not to disfigure their victim, or for some warped reason unknown to us, the reason why it was done was to feed upon the soul of their victims. This is the actual cause of death, the toxin is simply meant to paralyse their prey, so that their prey cannot now fight back and stop this terrible act from happening.”
His audience were stunned at the professor’s words, and not a little scared as they took a moment to dwell on the professor`s words. While his audience sat in deep thought, Professor Collinson took a moment to pour himself a glass of water and look upon the people with him. All were thinking if what the professor had said could in fact be true, it obviously was an explanation for the minute holes, correctly or otherwise, even if it was almost too terrible to think about.
Councilman Balsam thought the very idea absurd, however, everyone here was a believer in the one God, all were members of the Church of the Universe. To argue against the professor would be extremely embarrassing if no one else should rise to back him up, and with their bishop sitting with them, did they even dare to do so. One other point struck him, if the professor was correct in his thoughts, and he was able to prove the existence of the immortal soul, then his name would go down in history as being a part of this awesome discovery. How his name would be linked with the idea would depend upon just how he responded to it, whether to be for or against, whether to ridicule it or applaud it.
Constable Poulson was also struggling to take in all that his grandfather had said, he had never considered that his grandfather would make such a speech as this, could any of what he had said be true, how should he respond to it?
For his part Bishop Tasaki was equally stunned by what the professor had said, he also needed time to think about what he had heard before he dared to agree or refute it.
Professor Collinson looked at the people seated around the table and smiled. “Well, that is about it, oh, except that in the short time that I saw the creatures they did not act as a wild animal, no, they seemed to me to possess intelligence, we should treat them accordingly. I believe that the creature will probably think very much like the prehistoric Neanderthal cavemen of Earth, and assuming this is so, we should use this knowledge to help us to track them down.
Constable Poulson finally woke from the state he had been in and addressed the meeting. “Thank you, Grandfather, for your talk, and I agree with you, the creatures did not act like wild animals, some sort of savage gorilla. Whether they are Neanderthals or further along the evolutionary line I am not sure, but for the moment I agree that we should treat them as a very dangerous caveman. I do not need to stress to the meeting just what a danger these creatures pose to the citizens of New Caledonia, their actions have already done this. Firstly, I propose that we use the two drones that we are currently using, but now to assist us in an all-out search for these creatures. Secondly, we should send out hunting groups to search for them and catch them, if possible, if not then to kill them.” Constable Poulson declared to the meeting and politely stopped here for a moment to see if anyone had a question, or a remark to make, however, all were still too stunned by his and his grandfather`s words to say anything, so he continued to tell them what he proposed to do over the coming days.
“If they are similar to the Neanderthal, then they will likely look for a cave to lay up in while their wounds heal, because we hurt both of them. They`re unlikely to build a dwelling of any other sort, as that would lead us straight to them, and nobody ever said the Neanderthal was stupid. I propose to use the Galileo to help in the search, this is essential to prevent the creatures recovering before we kill or capture them. I am therefore going to order the release of Captain Kramer and Professor Alejandra, for we will need Captain Kramer to take command of the Galileo. We can declare a state of emergency and borrow the rest of the crew from those laying idle on the planet, the Copernicus is still being repaired after her last voyage, so we can use her crew. As you no doubt know, her captain is still recovering from the wounds he received on this voyage, and so is unavailable to command the Galileo.”
The Copernicus had been hit by a large meteor shower after encountering engine trouble, luckily at the time the freighter had been sitting on the larger of the moons that orbited one of the gas giants of the New Caledonia planetary system, and so help had been sent via one of the planets two interplanetary shuttle crafts.
“Constable, I not sure that I am in agreement regarding the release of Captain Kramer, in my opinion he is guilty of bringing a dangerous alien creature to our peaceful planet.” Councilman Balsam stated firmly.
“I understand your reticence Councilman, however the good of the citizens of New Caledonia must take precedence over this. So, my decision stands, although I will not object if you want to put a couple of your security men aboard the Galileo” Poulson replied and Balsam decided to abide by Poulson`s decision. He smiled across at him and nodded his acceptance.
“Yes, thank you Constable, I will assign Farmer and Robart as security, just in case anything happens to the Galileo and it has to land away from the spaceport, their job will be to ensure that nothing untoward happens to any of the crew.” Balsam said smiling. “As long as you do not object to my using them Mr Strom.” He said looking over at the head of security who simply nodded his agreement. Strom was still worried about any future investigation into all that had happened on New Caledonia, and to his team`s abysmal part in it.

**********

The sun rose the next day along with a report about four missing miners and four missing students, both parties were known to have been travelling on the only highway in or out of the city and their mutilated bodies were soon found by the drones. It was Councilwoman Carole Masters and her colleague Eric Swenson who had to go around to the worried families of the students to tell them the bad news, up at the mining site the job was left to the chief mining engineer. Constable Poulson was grateful that he had been spared the job, which was normally his, as he had far more pressing duties to attend to.
His first duty was to release Captain Kramer and Professor Alejandra from custody and then to press gang a relieved Kramer into resuming his post as captain of the Galileo.
“I am sorry to have put you through so much Professor Alejandra, unfortunately for you this is the first time that anyone has come across an invisible creature.” Poulson said smiling most apologetically before turning to Kramer.
“Captain Kramer, I am afraid that I cannot allow you to relax just yet, you must take command of the Galileo and help us to track down these creatures. You will find your crew waiting for you when you board your ship, unfortunately, no repairs have as yet been carried out, but as you will not be flying more than five hundred metres above the surface of our planet it should not matter. The company have assigned a team of engineers to the task and they will be travelling with you while they carry out the repairs. Please prepare your ship for immediate take off, I will contact you on this personal communicator.” Poulson said handing it over to Kramer. “Keep it with you and switched on at all times, the hunt commences in just a few minutes time.” With that Poulson hurried away to the police station and his six teams of ten people who made up those who were about to depart on what could be a most dangerous hunt.
Kramer could hardly complain about his new assignment, for he realised that many people would still blame him for bringing the creatures to New Caledonia. He just hoped that an investigation into the troubles was carried out and that while he was cleared of all blame, Francis Strom would be asked to explain his team`s lack of action at a critical point in time. Therefore, Kramer went back aboard the Galileo, and joining him were the ghosts of those who had not survived to crew with him this time.
He had a mixed reception from his new crew, some, from their hostile manner, obviously blamed him for bringing the creatures to New Caledonia, and while the others were not openly hostile, they still gave him a somewhat cool reception.

**********

Patricia Poulson drove Professor Collinson to the police station where he was to meet up with her husband. She had been thinking about the creatures and the way in which they turned invisible, she now spoke to Professor Collinson about an idea that had been slowly germinating within her mind.
Grandfather, I have been thinking about your chameleonic theory to do with the way the creatures hide from us, and I have come up with another theory, one that might work better than your one, which you might remember I had trouble getting my head around. Would it be possible for our creature to have some sort of super hypnotic ability instead, one that stops your mind from telling you what your eyes are looking at? Maybe that is why Doctor Garner and Professor Georgiou left the bridge of the Galileo, maybe they were under the hypnotic influence of the creatures?”
Professor Collinson looked at Patricia Poulson for a moment before replying, for he wanted to see if there was a flaw in her theory, seeing as how she had found a giant one in his own, however, he could not. Smiling at her he replied to her question “Pat, I think that you may well be correct, and yes my theory did have a few holes in it.”
They arrived at the police station to find Constable Poulson inspecting his six teams of hunters. “Now everyone, up until now our quarry has found it remarkably simple to kill many of our friends and neighbours, so I want you to be extra vigilant out there, for I can verify one rumour, our enemy does have the ability to become invisible. You will have to depend on the infrared detectors that each team has been supplied with. The operators of this device must ensure that the space before them, and all around their team, is constantly being scanned. The rest of you must act on what the operators tell you, do not rely upon what your eyes are telling you.”
Constable Poulson looked over his people to ensure that they all understood what he was telling them, he immediately saw the few who imagined themselves too good for these aliens, and he made a note to speak to all of them individually. However, before he could do this Professor Collinson asked his permission to say a few words, to which Poulson readily agreed.
“I will not keep you any longer than necessary ladies and gentlemen, however, I do need to give you all the latest theory regarding these creatures, something that I have not even had the time to tell our leader, it is, so as to speak, hot off the press.” His opening words ensured that everyone was now listening to him, as was his grandson.
“These alien creatures might not actually have the ability to actually turn invisible as such, in this Daniel was originally correct.”
These opening words were something that none of them expected and Constable Poulson was about to question this statement, as he and his grandfather had both seen the creatures disappear from view, however, his grandfather continued speaking before he could interrupt him.
“Patricia Poulson, the lovely wife of our leader has come up with an interesting theory, and one that I also believe to be true. It is that the creatures might in fact use some form of mass hypnotism to conceal themselves, and in doing so they make themselves invisible to us. If we are correct in this, we should all be extra vigilant while searching for them, as my grandson has already said, we must respond to whatever our infrared detectors tell us, and not what our minds, or our eyes, tell us. I would imagine though that they are only able to influence the minds of those close to them, the further away they are the easier it will be for us to see them.”
Silence followed his advice as the gravity of the situation sank throw the bravado of even the boldest of the volunteers. Poulson for his part was surprised to hear how much work his wife had put into this project; he might have to use her in future cases. Constable Poulson now got back to business and once again resumed giving his instructions for the coming hunt.
“We will use both of our drones, plus the survey ship Galileo, in our search. The drones will start their search from the national highway.” The locals laughed now, for to call their main road out of the city a highway was indeed stretching things. Constable Poulson smiled at his joke, one made to lighten the mood a little before the search started in earnest.
“The two drones will search abreast of one another, some two hundred feet apart, with the drone nearest to the search parties also being another two hundred feet ahead of the second one. They will start from a spot approximately one mile up our highway and move along the line of search.” Constable Poulson said with a slight smile. “The Galileo will start its search from the other end of our search line and search ahead of the six teams. I hope that either the two drones, or the Galileo, will drive the creatures before them and with luck find them, they will then direct the land parties so that we can finally have done with these terrible killers. The search parties on the ground will move out from the track that travels alongside the front edge of the forest, and in doing so drive the creatures away from our city, until, that is, we find and kill them. Please remember to set all of your energy weapons on their medium setting, we do not want to kill a friend by accident. Okay, any questions?” Poulson asked. However, there were no questions, merely a studious silence as everyone thought about what lay ahead of them.
“Okay then, let`s go.” With these words the men and women that made up the hunting parties got into their vehicles and made for the starting line.
Within the police station, deputies Landers and Singh were seated before two monitors, they had been detailed to control the two drones. Their charges had been aloft for some time now, they had been flying over the rough terrain on the other side of the highway, checking it out just in case the aliens had decided to camp there. For Constable Poulson, this had only been a necessary precaution, he felt that the two alien creatures were more than likely to be found in the forest, for this was near to their former den within the industrial area of the small city. The two drones now turned about and headed for their starting line.
The Galileo captained by Kramer was also aloft, it too was heading for its starting place above the great northern forest. With him were two technicians working on the bridge and installing new equipment to replace that destroyed by Professor Palin. The new chief mate of the Galileo was Matilda Swenson formerly of the freighter Copernicus, which was being repaired and which also belonged to the Morang Corporation. Matilda was the wife of Councilman Swenson, and she was only too happy to be away from him, finding him a bore now that he was no longer young and handsome, now he was fat and extremely boring. Even so, she thought that Kramer should be back in his cell, not captaining the Galileo, she could easily have coped with the responsibility.
Kramer had just received a notification from Poulson that the search had begun, he now turned to his new first mate. “Ms Swenson, that was the good Constable Poulson, he informs me that the time for the hunt has arrived, we are moving off.” Kramer then turned to his temporary second mate Peter Chang, who was sitting behind him looking through the infrared monitor.
“Peter, for you especially the hunt is on, good luck, but take note, we will probably come across some of the hunting parties, so be sure just who it is you find down there before you call out to Ms Swenson and her team to open fire.” Kramer warned.
“Chang did not bother to look around at Kramer, although he was one of the crew who sympathised with Kramer, he still felt that Kramer should have done more to prevent the creatures getting loose on New Caledonia. Chang thought that Kramer must have known the type of the security men employed by the Morang Corporation, and so ensured that the quarantine around the ship was tight enough before walking away and leaving the situation in Strom`s hands. This was slightly unfair seeing as how Kramer had not slept for four days and was totally exhausted.
At the airlock of the Galileo, security men Farmer and Robart were securing themselves to the security rings that were meant to be used when any of the crew went outside of the Galileo while the starship was in the vacuum of space. Now though they were using it to stop the men from falling off the Galileo when the outer door was opened within the atmosphere of a planet. For they, along with Matilda Swenson, were the only armament that the survey vessel possessed, and they would be leaning out to shoot down at the creatures using the high-power energy rifles supplied by Constable Poulson, should they be lucky enough to find the creatures. The Galileo moved slowly over the tree tops of the northern forest, Kramer was piloting the craft and following the orders of Peter Chang who was searching the ground through the infrared detector. Time for the watchers moved slowly, and their bodies began to ache from the lack of exercise, soon boredom would kick in, to prevent this, Kramer had decided to alternate all the duties of the searchers, himself included.
On the ground the six teams of hunters, which were mostly led by the security men of the Morang Corporation, moved off. Constable Poulson of course led one such team, and with him was Professor Collinson. The going through the forest was slow, the ground was broken and the undergrowth thick, as it was full summer now. His team were searching along a ravine, up on the top edges of the ravine four of his men stood guard, to stop the creatures from slipping by them. However, the sentries were fearful, for although the men had an infrared scope, they would feel much happier when the party regrouped at the other end of the ravine. For then there would be ten weapons to guard against attack, and ten pairs of eyes to warn them should the alien creatures suddenly appear out of nowhere. Remembering what the professor had said, they kept a watch on the near, but particularly on the far distant trees and undergrowth.
They were lucky to have so many of the detectors, of sorts, to use, the four sentries were using an infrared scope that belonged to one of them, he was an avid photographer who used it to assist him when taking night-time photographs. One of the other teams was also using a pair of night vision binoculars and there was another photographer in a third team.
For the three men and two women who followed Constable Poulson down into the ravine it was particularly scary. Not only did the many trees of the forest limit the amount of light getting through to the forest floor, but down in the ravine its steep sides cast shadows, shadows that they entered only after Professor Collinson had scanned them with the infrared detector.
“Grandfather, what is that ahead, that black area, is it a cave or what?” Constable Poulson asked. He was as nervous as anyone else on his team, however, he had to keep any sign of his fears well hidden, or the others would panic and return home in fear of their lives.
Professor Collinson scanned the dark area ahead of them, taking extra care here as the area could hold unseen dangers for the unwary, it being a possible lair for the alien creatures.
“Yes, Daniel, it is a cave, and from the look of it, quite a deep one. When we enter it to check it out, maybe I should walk between you and one of the others, each of you with your energy weapons aimed at the blackness ahead.” Professor Collinson suggested apprehensively. “While I scan ahead of us.” Collinson added without a trace of the fear which he felt rising up through his body, and managing to raise the hint of a smile for his grandson.
“Sounds as if we have a plan Grandfather.” Poulson agreed and then turned to one of the other members of the search party. “Joe, you come with us.” The man that Poulson had asked to accompany them was a short thin man who ran one of the supermarkets.
“You other three keep a sharp lookout on the rest of the ravine.” Poulson advised the rest of his small team.
Once again fear took hold of those not part of the more dangerous action, this time it was because they did not have an infrared device of any kind to see if their enemy was moving stealthily up on them. They stood there with sweat making an appearance on their faces and shirts, feeling particularly exposed as they looked into the distance for any sign that their enemy was attempting to sneak up on them.
The three chosen to investigate the mysteries of the dark cave were equally fearful, even so they moved forward as one. Two large beams of light from the torches carried by Poulson and Joe probed into the depths of the cave, but they saw nothing barring their way except for the odd cobweb and the usual half buried rock waiting to cause them to stumble, which Joe did, right into a sharp ridge of stone making him squeal in pain.
From outside came the first nervous enquiry asking if all was well with them, they did not answer the call, their minds were fully engaged with whatever might be waiting for them ahead, at the rear of the dark cave. Joe`s eyes were fixed upon the screen of the detector and then, suddenly, a large heat spot appeared directly ahead of them, and it was moving rapidly towards them. His energy weapon set on its widest setting sent a large bolt of energy whistling along the tunnel to explode against whatever was coming towards them. His shot was followed by a second bolt of energy from the weapon of Constable Poulson that mixed with the echoes of the first explosion and seemingly screamed along before it exploded against the rear wall of the cave.
The screen of the detector was lit up by the energy blasts, and so was now useless to them. Constable Poulson, his torch in one hand and his weapon in the other approached the glowing rear wall of the cave. From outside, nervous calls enquired again about the safety of those within the cave, these too went unanswered. Excitement now filled the hearts of those within the cave, they walked slowly forward, ready for anything, they looked down at the corpses by their feet, two dozen bats attempting to flee the intruders had been killed by the two high energy bolts. Their disappointment was mixed with a drop in their heart rate, maybe they had not killed any alien creatures, but they sure as hell had proved themselves ready for action.
Leaving the cave, Poulson was about to explain all that had happed within the cave when the three who had waited outside burst into laughter. The three men who had entered the cave had come out covered in rock dust, blown from the wall by the first energy bolt, for Joe had set it on a wide setting that had taken out the bats as well as scouring the sides of the cave walls. With spirits raised they then had to repeat everything to the four sentries who had heard the two energy weapon blasts as they echoed out of the cave and along the ravine to their ears.
Minutes later and the two parts of this team were united at the far end of the ravine, heart beats slowed a little at the increased firepower and the doubling of the infrared detectors.

**********

One mile away from them the Galileo was approaching on an intersect course, it had not even had a false sighting, and now Matilda Swenson was at the helm while Kramer watched through the infrared detector. As they came even nearer to a team of hunters on the ground Kramer saw two bright glowing bodies moving along the ground below them, and away from the hunters.
“Ms Swenson, slow down, we might have them.” Kramer barked out across the bridge.
Matilda Swenson immediately slowed the Galileo, while opposite her, Mitch Chandler, another crewman from the Copernicus, put out a general call to the ground teams using the newly repaired communications systems.
“This is the Galileo, if any of you are beneath us then tell us now, before we open fire upon what otherwise must be the creatures.”
Kramer waited for twenty seconds, quite long enough for a response, not getting one he alerted his hunters. “Peter, there are two humanoid figures below you some twenty feet out and slightly to your right. Kramer called through the intercom to the three hunters awaiting just this call.
Three bolts of energy whistled down through the trees to explode all around the Venetou, the three hunters could see them for just a moment but then then the two figures below them ran deeper into the forest and beneath the shelter of the tree tops.
Neither Sarai or Talia had been hurt, however, they had been shaken by the sudden explosions all around them. “Stop here Talia, we are hidden by the branches of the trees, they will not be able to see us now.” Sarai said breathlessly.
From above three bolts of energy whistled down through the trees to explode against the branches directly above them. Kramer had directed the attack using the infrared detector. Constable Poulson and his team had not only heard the energy bolts from the Galileo as they whistled down through the air, they had seen them, right now he was talking to Mitch Chandler.
“Tell your people that my team is only a few hundred feet to the south west of you, we are heading towards the area that you are targeting, please take care not to confuse our heat signatures.” Poulson instructed Chandler.
Chandler conveyed this information both to Kramer and to the three marksmen, they were elated, for they did not care who killed the creatures, as long as someone did.
Constable Poulson soon caught sight of Talia and Sarai and he opened fire upon them, his shot was closely followed by the others in his team. Eight bolts of pure energy screamed through the air to explode all around the two Venetou, miraculously they escaped relatively unscathed. Their bodies were hit by many of the splinters of wood blasted from the trees and Sarai was burnt by a bolt of energy screaming passed his body, but none of this stopped them from running deeper and deeper into the forest. Ahead of them they could hear the roar of a fast-running river, it was a tributary of the river that went passed the small city of New Caledonia.
One of the hunters amongst Poulson`s party was armed with an ancient Winchester rifle, it was once owned by a great grandfather, one a few times down the family line, taking aim at the fleeing figures he gently squeezed the trigger and smiled as his bullet exploded from the ancient rifle.
Talia knew that they had the legs of their pursuers but knew nothing about the weapons of Man. The bullet from the Winchester struck her in the chest as she stopped to look back at these new Bora. She said nothing for a moment, then she called softly to her mate. “Sarai, I am injured, Sarai?”
Sarai turned and he saw her stumble, but he caught her in his arms before she fell to the floor, he then carried her to the river. They had been walking towards it when the Galileo had found them, for they had made their new den there. Sarai dove into the river with Talia, taking her down through its waters they soon reappeared within a large cave, they had come upon it by chance when they had followed what on Earth would have been an otter, this cave had been its den. Light flooded in from above as a large part of the roof had fallen in thousands of years before, but they were safely hidden beneath a solid part of the roof.
Sarai laid Talia down upon her bed and covered her body with straw to keep her warm, he cradled Talia`s head in the crook of his arms and told her of his thoughts and fears.
“When you are rested Talia, we must leave this land of the Bora, the weapons supplied by their god are too powerful for us to go up against, and using the little boxes that they carry with them, they seem able to see us. There are too few Venetou in this land and too many Bora, and all of them are armed with the weapons of the gods, we will move through the forest until we find our lake set in the green meadow, there the only Bora are their ghosts.”
Talia looked up at her mate, and with tears flowing down her cheeks she kissed him. “Sarai, I have been hurt badly by the magic weapon of the Bora, I do not think that I will be joining you on the trek back to our home.” Sarai was troubled by this strange talk, never before had a Venetou been so hurt by the Bora, it was almost blasphemous to say such things.
“Talia, of course you will join me on the trek, come, let me see the wound of this magic weapon, I will soon fix it.” Sarai said fearfully.
Moments later he was looking at his first bullet wound. He applied a rough poultice of clay and straw to stop the bleeding, but from the weak state of his mate he knew that a magic ceremony would have to be carried out by one of the Bora, if his mate was to be well enough to travel back to their far away home.
“You are right Talia, I will have to bring a Bora elder here, he will know how to fix this, and when he has done so, you will feed off him.” Sarai promised.
He did not dare leave their cave until after the sun had set, for the Bora would still be searching for them. As soon as the sun had set though, and the Bora had retired to their dens, then he would also travel to their dens and enter one, there he would capture one of their elders and bring the Bora here to tend to his mate, that or he would die trying.
The two drones were rushing towards the area and the Galileo was following the river downstream, using the infrared detector to search for their heat signature, however without any luck. They had seen the rocky pool beside which the Venetou lay, but had thought that it filled the cave, they did not realise that there was a rocky shelf beyond the area visible to them. Standing on the river bank above the hidden cave, the hunters finally decided to call a halt to the day`s hunt, for the sun would soon be setting, and then the advantage would lay with the alien creatures. One thing did buoy up their spirits, at least one of the alien creatures had been injured, shot by the Winchester rifle, for they were able to follow the blood trail to the river, where it disappeared.

**********

Sarai left Talia and swam out of the hidden cave and into the river, however, he did not surface immediately, choosing to do so further along the banks of the river. He knew that for the first time his hunt amongst the dens of the Bora would be filled with danger, however, what choice did he have, he needed to feed and so did Talia, as well as needing the attention of an elder from amongst the Bora.
He listened for any sounds, either from the strange flying creatures of the Bora which had attacked them that day, or from the Bora themselves, maybe lying in wait for him to break cover. Time was in short supply this evening, he needed to return to Talia before her injury and her lack of energy made her condition deteriorate to danger levels. Even so he made numerous stops to smell the light wind blowing towards him from the city, and to listen out for any sound that might signal danger. One time only was he forced to hide behind a large tree as a drone flew across the animal track that he was following, to hide until the soft whine of its motor disappeared and only the normal sounds of the night came to his sensitive ears. He was soon walking through the streets in the outskirts of New Caledonia, streets that now seemed so dangerous. He did not know it but he was perilously close to the police station, however, it was now that he chanced upon a young man standing in his garden and looking up at the stars. Johnny Wardle had long been interested in astronomy, now his hobby was about to have serious consequences. Sarai moved silently up on Wardle. and before his prey even had time to notice his presence, Sarai rose up in front of him and with one hand covering Wardle`s mouth, Sarai drove his fangs deep into the young man`s neck. After just a brief struggle Wardle collapsed to the ground, and Sarai followed him down and now took a precious few moments to feed upon his prey. He stood up, looked down upon the drained corpse, and felt the stolen energy flowing through his body, Sarai smiled, but there was not even a vestige of beauty on his usually handsome face, only pure evil.
Sarai now entered the house and here he found Wardle`s mother making a coffee for her son and herself, Sarai struck again, now filled with much needed energy he went in search of another elder to take back to his new den, one that his senses told him would be capable of helping his mate.
Professor Collinson was waiting outside of the police station, his grandson was going to drive them both home for some well-earned rest, however, Poulson had forgotten something and had popped back inside for a moment to collect it. They were both a little disappointed that their hunt had been relatively unsuccessful, however, they would start afresh first thing in the morning at the river.
Sarai was moving quietly along the dark quiet street when he saw the light pouring out of the open door of the police station, standing within the glow was Professor Collinson. Sarai moved swiftly, he had no idea how long his present run of luck would hold out for, a minute, an hour or a day. The professor only realised that someone was near to him when Sarai`s fist crashed against his jaw, knocking him out. Sarai caught his falling body and quickly returned towards the waiting forest, with the body of the professor draped across his shoulders. Having fed well Sarai did not notice the extra weight that he was carrying, he was soon deep inside the industrial area of the city, and with the forest in sight his pace quickened.
While it only took Constable Poulson a moment to collect the forgotten file, it took him vital minutes to realise that something was wrong. First, he assumed that his grandfather had decided to use the station`s toilets, but after walking back inside the station, he found that his grandfather was not there. Therefore, Poulson returned to the street and looked for him there, but again without any luck. Now worry began to eat at Poulson, he knew that his grandfather was waiting for him, to walk home would not only be dangerous but tiring after their long day in the forest. He returned to the police station and spoke urgently to the two deputies sitting at two monitors.
“My Grandfather is missing, Deputy Vance, Deputy Berlin, bring the two drones along the outskirts of the city, although why the creature would want to take him away, I do not know.” Poulson said, fear beginning to engulf him. He knew that he was beginning to panic, but could not help himself. How would he tell his wife that he had allowed the creatures to get his grandfather, and from the very steps of the police station?
The drone heard earlier by Sarai was again heard by him, however this time he could not hide behind a tree, he had been caught in the open, his only option was to run even faster. A moment later and he was passing through the outer edges of the forest with the drone following him. There was a full moon this night, this allowed Sarai to make his way through the forest with ease, and he rushed on as fast as the weight upon his shoulders would allow him. He knew he did not have time to stop and rest, although he was finally beginning to feel the weight of the professor, however, Talia needed the knowledge possessed by the elder urgently, and the life-force of the Bora almost as urgently.
Poulson, along with Deputy Vance, raced from the police station and literally jumped into the hovercraft parked outside. One moment later and it was racing along the empty streets of New Caledonia, less than a minute later and they were already driving through the industrial area of the city. Poulson could see the forest ahead, what he could not see was the creature or his grandfather.
Deputy Berlin had called out the few citizen volunteers who made up the rapid reaction night watch during the emergency, they too were driving fast towards the industrial area, they careered around the corner and pulled up sharply behind the small hovercraft. Poulson and Vance were already sprinting for the forest, the ten volunteers were in hot pursuit of them, being night time, the rapid reaction team had with them an assortment of night vision goggles and infrared detection devices which allowed them to move swiftly through the forest.
The noise of their running through the outskirts of the forest soon reached Sarai who now feared that he would let his mate down, but tired as he was, he plunged on through the ever-thicker forest, with the drone flying above the tree tops keeping his heat signature in sight. Finally, the sound of the fast-flowing river came to his ears, and he knew that he would soon be safe, he stopped for a moment and turned to look behind him. There he could see the glowing beams of light cast by torches of two of his followers, they were getting ever nearer to him, and so he turned and struggled on beneath the ever-growing weight across his shoulders. Then he was upon the bank of the river, and just as Professor Collinson began to wake up, the professor began to struggle but he stopped when Sarai leapt into the river, still carrying the professor. Sarai was strong, too strong for Professor Collinson, who was pulled down through the water, he was on the point of passing out when Sarai broke water, they were in the cave. Sarai dragged Professor Collinson from the water and across to Talia, she was sleeping peacefully.
“Wake my mate, see, I have brought one of their elders, he will cure you of the injury caused by the weapon of the gods.”
Talia opened her eyes wearily, smiled at her mate, and then pulled away the poultice so that the elder could tend her injury. The moon was directly above them, lighting up the grotto, Sarai pointed at the bullet wound and it was obvious to Professor Collinson that the creature wanted him to tend to the wound, but how? Not only had he never attempted to pull out a bullet, he had only seen it done in the movies, and anyway he did not have any instruments. However, the snarl from the male Venetou convinced him to try, but although there was full moon, Professor Collinson wondered if there would be enough light to begin practicing medicine, especially after having been struck so hard.
The professor pointed to the small patch of rock floor that was directly under the moonlight, Sarai understood and gently picked up his mate, she groaned in pain as Sarai put her down in the moonlight and he kissed her tears away.
“See my darling, Selene has lit up this part of our den to allow the elder to tend to you.” Talia smiled up at her mate who now looked at the professor and quietly snarled.
Professor Collinson assumed this was a sign that he was to start the operation. He now found that he needed to clean the wound, and so he now pointed to the water and then the wound. Sarai once again understood his sign language and roughly pulled off one of Professor Collinson`s shoes and used this to collect water from pool inside of the cave. Professor Collinson now cleaned the wound, and then he realised that he now needed some sort of a knife. Looking about frantically he finally saw one laying near to the wounded female. Pointing to it and then to the wound, he moved his hand slowly towards the knife. Sarai snarled again, but much quieter, as if to warn the professor not to try anything foolish. The professor picked up the knife and slowly moved it across to the wound. He knew that it was not too hygienic, but he was not interested in the creature living a long life after the operation, only on his living beyond tonight.
“This will hurt my dear.” Professor Collinson said in English to the female Venetou who turned her attention to him and like her mate snarled quietly at him,
Professor Collinson blanched, this was certainly not in his job description, however, it did mean that he could see the creature’s tongue, see the ten minute holes that concealed the feeders, yes, he was definitely correct in his thoughts regarding these creatures. However, what good would it be if he died before telling anyone?
The knife that Talia had taken from the dead miner was long and thin, a nasty weapon but ideally suited to probing for the bullet. Collinson pushed the point of the blade into the wound, Talia bit back a scream as the pain shot right through her, was the elder trying to help her or trying to torture her, maybe he knew that when he had saved her life that she would feed upon his life-force.
Professor Collinson was feeling for the bullet and soon found it, it had not gone far into the body, the distance that it had travelled before striking its target had diminished the force at which it entered the creature`s body. Professor Collinson carefully pushed the blade to one side of the bullet and then pushed the blade deeper, he could only hope that he enjoyed beginners’ luck, and that the bullet would oblige him by coming out. He now pushed the thin blade under the bullet and began to lever it out. Talia screamed as the pain increased and Sarai did not know whether to stop the elder or to assist him. His breathing stopped as his own knife reminded the professor that should his patient die, then so would he. Finally, the rear of the bullet began to show and Sarai began to breathe again, moments later and it was out, unfortunately the wound now began to bleed. Sarai pulled the professor from the body and struck him hard, knocking him out, now Sarai could tend to the wound. Once again, he made a poultice and applied it to the wound, now her life was in the hands of their god, Selene, whose light shone down and lit up Talia.
Talia`s young body was strong and healthy, because she soon woke, and when Sarai heard her weak calls to him, he dragged the unconscious body of the professor over to her, he would drive his fangs deep into the neck of this elder and she would then feed off him.
Sarai smiled at his mate, and when she signalled that she was ready he brought his fangs down towards the soft neck of the elderly professor.
A bolt of pure energy screamed across the enclosed cave, sounding all the more evil because of where they were. It struck the back of Sarai and its light enveloped him as he sank down upon the rock floor of the cave. A moment later and another energy bolt struck Talia and in her wounded state killed her instantly. Constable Poulson and Francis Strom pulled themselves from the pool and hurried across to the three bodies tangled together in a mixture of limbs, torsos and heads. Poulson roughly pulled the two Venetou from the body of his grandfather and then sent a killing bolt of energy first in the limp body of Sarai, and then another into the dead body of Talia.
“There was no way that I was taking these creatures out through the tunnel and into river, they were far too dangerous.” Poulson said to Strom who nodded in agreement.
Then while Poulson went to his grandfather, Strom used the wet shoe of Professor Collinson to collect some more water with which to bathe the head of the professor, moments later Professor Collinson awoke with the most appalling headache.
“Daniel, Mr Strom, the creatures?” Professor Collinson cried out in alarm and sitting up a mite too quickly swore very loudly as a bolt of pain ran through his head.
“Do not worry about them Grandfather, they are both dead. I am sorry that we took such a time to find you. Francis and I saw the creature take you down into the river, however, it took us an age to actually find the under-water tunnel. In fact, we found it just in time, the creatures were about to feed off you as we surfaced, another few seconds and you would have been dead Grandfather.” Poulson explained. His grandson`s words made Professor Collinson feel rather ill, to think that he was alive thanks to his saviours arriving just a few seconds early, it was very scary.

**********

Finally, Professor Collinson was sitting safely in his grandson`s house, in his hand he had a cup of coffee laced with a good slug of brandy, on the table before him was a large slice of cake, with an equally large bite taken out of it.
“Oh, I feel a little better now, you do make such delicious cakes Pat.” Professor Collinson said smiling at his grandson`s wife.
“Well, Grandfather, now that the troubles are over, I promise that I will make you many more.” Patricia Poulson happily promised him.
“You know you two, now that the people of New Caledonia are safe, I must send a message to the Arch Bishop of our Church. I will enclose a full report on these creatures and tell him that in my opinion they do feed upon the souls of Man. To find the proof that he has asked me to provide him with, I will tell him that we will need to capture one of these creatures. It is inconceivable to me that they can feed off anything other than the soul, the only other things would either be knowledge, and no one lives very long on a diet consisting only of that, or the electrical stimuli in the brain, and a finger in an electrical socket will quickly provide more than enough of that. No, Daniel, we must capture one of these creatures and examine it in a secure facility, one that I am sure the Church can easily provide us with.” Professor Collinson said, his voice filled with the excitement of a young child opening a Christmas present.
“Grandfather! I would have thought that you had had enough of those terrible creatures.” Patricia Poulson exclaimed rather too loudly, for it woke at least one of the children who called down asking for a glass of water.
“They may have been quite terrible, to us, but they were very fond of each other, I am sure that many a human would not have gone through such dangers as the male creature did, simply to save the life of another.” Professor Collinson declared in defence of the Vampires of Retem.
“Well, maybe the post mortem of the creatures will tell you something Grandfather, and then you will not need a live specimen.” Constable Poulson said more in hope than belief.
“Maybe, Daniel, but I repeat, these creatures may help Mankind much more than it endangered it, by proving the existence of not only the soul, but of God too.”
“What I do not understand Grandfather, is how the builders of the deserted cities were able to flourish to such point that allowed them to build the cities, for surely these horrific creatures must have been feeding off them all along?” Patricia Poulson asked.
“I agree Pat, it just does not make any sense, it will take a lot of work before that particular question is answered.” Professor Collinson replied.

Chapter Six

The Morang Corporation

The next day, the Moran Corporation having received a preliminary report of the Galileo`s trip from their offices on New Caledonia. They were having an urgent meeting, first to discuss the report and then to decide on what action should be taken.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, let me tell you how I think we should proceed as regards the fantastic find on the planet of Retem. I propose the following actions. First, that we immediately cleanse the planet of Retem of the alien monsters that caused the citizens of New Caledonia so much trouble. While we are busy doing this, we must also capture some of the alien monsters, it must be living animals, dead ones will most probably be of no use to us, our armaments division wants to have a close look at them. It seems that the hypnotic ability they are said to possess could prove useful on some of the planets not fully under our control. They will need to be examined in a most secure facility, maybe the one in the Draco planetary system, there are no habitable planets there to bother our scientists.” He stopped for a moment to take a drink from his glass of water and waited for them to respond to his opening speech.
His board of directors as always took only moments to nod their heads and make the usual sounds to show that they were in full agreement with his proposals so far, so the Chairman took the floor again.
“Thank you, well following your agreement, you will all be pleased to know that I have already despatched the mining ship Excelsior in anticipation of your decision. It should be in orbit around Retem right now, it will immediately begin the cleansing of all forms of animal life, both the monsters and any creature large enough for the monsters to feed off, it will begin operations at the original landing site.”
It was not legal for the Morang Corporation to own such a vessel as the Excelsior, but due to large bribes paid to the authorities it did. It was equipped with a variety of weapons including a powerful energy weapon and an equally powerful ultra-sonic weapon. It also carries a number of small craft which are equipped with smaller but similar weapons, all of which would be highly effective in destroying the Venetou and the animals that it preyed upon.
“Remember all of you, this is to be a top-secret operation, nothing must leak to the liberals on Earth or they will ring fence Retem as a planet of biological interest. This would delay the mining of the crystals that promise to be the most important geological find of the millennium. We should be able to commence the mining operation within just a few days at the original landing site, within a couple of weeks the whole planet will be fully cleansed.”

The End

Why not visit my author page by clicking on the link. Smashwords Books.

************

A Note from the Author

All of my books are free so please do excuse any typos, misspellings, or grammatical errors as I cannot afford to use a professional editor, although I do personally edit my books, numerous times, to try to find any such errors. I do hope that you enjoyed this story nearly as much as I enjoyed writing it and that you will also read another one.

************

Other Books by the Author

Colonies of Earth science fiction series in order

Galaxy Spies
Time Storm
Rebirth
Trial by Ordeal

David Charlton stories, a science fiction stories
Rescue Mission to the Stars
The Treasure of Altaraus
Return to Mazere

Other science fiction stories
Quasar
The Venetou
Invasion Earth
Lost and Far from Home
Journey to the Stars
Rebellion is in the Air
Insurrection
Alien Attack
Return to Paradise

Alun Reece science fiction stories
Pen Draig
Oceanus

Short children`s stories
Three Journeys of the Scary Kind 

Horror stories
Strange tales; five short mild horror stories

The Professor Myrddin Llewellyn stories
The Vampires of Cymru
Creatures of Hell

Rob Hinds black magic stories
Kidnapped and Bound for Hell
The Satanists
Dreamscape
The Return of the Bitch from Hell
