
THE LAST WOMAN


PHILIP MATTHEWS


Do I dare disturb the universe?
                                   T.S. Eliot

Smashwords Edition

ISBN 9781005538804


Copyright Philip Matthews 2021



Suddenly awake, he sees a notice just centimetres from his eyes:
 
To your left there are two buttons, one red, one green
follow instructions below carefully
1: press red button
2: count: one and two and three and
3: now press green button
4: do not move until yellow light flashes and buzzer sounds
5: sit up slowly when capsule opens
6: be thankful that you are still alive
7: step out of capsule and cross to table on your right
 
He manages all this without thinking, despite the pressure of increasing anxiety, and finds another notice on the table:
 
There should be a drinking bottle already prepared for you within the alcove on the table. Drink slowly and steadily without otherwise moving. There will be some discomfort as feeling returns to your body, so sit in the nearby chair if necessary. Do not move until all the tingling has left your body, especially your limbs. When you are ready, leave the Down room by the door with the red stripe. You will find another note in the next room.
 
Dress yourself, using the overall and footwear made available here. You should now walk the length of this room a number of times, at least until your head is clear. Once done, cross and sit at the desk. You should read the document you find there with great care. It is important that you fully understand the situation you are in now. Once you have done this to your satisfaction, pass on through the door with the blue stripe. You will find a final notice there on the console, which will help you make the final assessment of your present situation.
 
IMPORTANT: YOU SHOULD READ THIS NOTE WITH THE GREATEST CARE AND ATTENTION.
Your name is Alain Partrigor, born 26 August 2647. You were selected to take part in a special mission, the details of which were until now unknown to you – these will be outlined below. It was envisaged that while this mission would take approximately ten years, you would need be present only at two stages, so that you would age in total only about three weeks during that period.
However, a fault developed in this craft such that it was no longer possible to predict the length of the mission. As a consequence, Mission Centre decided that you should put yourself down again until such time as the craft comes in contact with base again. This would ensure that you would not age further regardless of the length of the mission. Therefore, you can accept that once you are revived you will be within hailing distance and should be back at base within a matter of days.
MISSION BRIEFING: Reports from the Qizork Sector suggest that ruins of an alien civilization have been found on a planet in the Myhraic system. Evidence so far gleaned by local researchers suggest that this race was very advanced and that records stored there might be of great benefit to us. Therefore, a Mission was planned to send a survey vessel to retrieve as much of these records as possible and return them to Yortbort for further analysis. As the vessel is fully automated it was decided that a non-specialist could be used to sign off the various stages of the Mission.
You are this “non-specialist”. In case you have a memory problem after who knows how long down, let me give you a potted autobiog. Until offered this posting – with very good recompense – you were undertaking postgrad research at Yortbort University, a very self-conscious supporter of the newly revived interest in an ancient subject called metaphysics. While they cited your intelligence and industry as recommendations for this post, the truth is that you were probably regarded as the most expendable educated person on the planet.
You may have realised by now that you wrote this document, and it only remains for me – before I go down – to wish you the very best of good luck when you finally get around to reading this – sometime in the near or far future. Alain 15 May 2673.
 
Check the following details:
Date
Location
Also, given the (unknown) time you have been down, you should check both food and water: on lower right side of console.
The radio apparatus I ringed with green tape, to your left. Wait until base – or whoever – contacts you first. That way you will have the frequency to use to communicate.
Docking etc will be automated by either base or the vessel.
Read a book or something while you wait. There are some in your quarters – out by that sliding door at the back of the deck.
There are no windows, so don’t go looking for one.
 
The date reads: 31.12.2999. Location reads: unknown quadrant. Only the concentrate biscuits have survived. Only the emergency bottled water remains available. A low red light is flashing on the radio apparatus, which might indicate that the radio is either signalling or is simply on standby.
He sits at the console for a very long time, consumed by a dull steady anxiety, as though he too is on standby. He has only one memory: a tree just come into leaf, bright red at this stage, glaring highlights in the lurid spring sunlight of equatorial Yortbort. In this memory, he is just waiting too.
It takes a good while before a thought does cross his mind: a suspicion that the date showing on the console is just the limit possible for that program. That means he is more than three hundred years into the future. And the location? It is with relief that he recognises the irony he can now feel: he is also off the map, as it were.
It’s the distance that the irony gives him – that familiar detachment – that allows him to stand up and walk out of the room through the sliding door at the back. His quarters are easily found: there is only one door in the short corridor, at the end. Two books lie on a small table off to his right. There is a narrow bed along the other side. A partially open folding door reveals toilet facilities.
Two books: a thick one by a G.W.F. Hegel, dense archaic text, heavily annotated with a variety of coloured inks. The second a slim volume of poetry, also archaic text, but at least immediately familiar to him. He reads a few lines:
 
And I have known the eyes already, known them all –
The eyes that fix you in a formulated phrase,
And when I am formulated, sprawling on a pin,
When I am pinned and wriggling on the wall,
Then how should I begin
 
It is enough: the feeling is like a completion, enough for now and always possible. He lays the book down on the table again and crosses to the bed. He lies out on his back, arms down by his sides. He lies there looking at that tree with the red leaves until he falls asleep.
 
The thirst panics him at first, like being in a deep pit, dark and in some way not silent. No, he cannot place himself – though he tries only fleetingly – it is enough to feel the need to ease the thirst. Even the novelty of his surroundings has no effect on him as he finds his way along the short corridor. What does irritate him – away off to one side, it seems – is the anonymous quality of the place, the white walls, floors and ceilings: everything white under the strain of the sheeny light that oozes from all the surfaces. It’s a light that acts to underline the coarseness of the thirst, a smooth indifference that leaves him feeling isolated with only the rough grain in his throat to enliven him.
The larger room he finds at the end of the corridor is no better: flashing lights at a desk at the far end, an overwhelming sense of silence like a tantalising absence. And he is listening intently, the silence as though funnelling into him, white too, but bearing a surprising promise, as though silence is always no more than a preparation for sound.
This insight is so strange – and yet so certain – that he stops in the middle of this room, standing there as though waiting. And sure enough, the thought comes: why doesn’t darkness promise light? It never does. Thinking, he sees how darkness is so complete, how it draws him on, the nearest experience of infinity available to him. This should be enough thinking to satisfy him for now. But, no, he must press on. Why is silence – that other absence – not complete in itself? The answer comes to him immediately: because he can see the silence.
Now he is satisfied. And being thus satisfied, he thinks of water. At the console, he examines the layout of the control panel. The screen is still displaying the information he had asked for. It’s obvious to him that only the food and water entries have a red star-like symbol to their left. He presses the symbol against the water item. The action over to his left is silent, yet he knows something has happened. Sure enough, a section of the wall has slid open to reveal what can only be a food dispenser of some kind. There is also an arrangement whereby he can draw out a little table and a flat panel that would serve as a seat at this table. The screen here lists a series of items, against each of which is one of two symbols, for either liquid or solid. Only two of these items are lit: water, bottled, and biscuit concentrate. He presses the water entry. At once a little panel opens to reveal a bottle containing water.
The water is slightly chilled and it flows in his throat like a cold molten lava: exactly so, both ice cold and yet a sensation of burning. It hollows him, that is how it affects him: like inside he is an enormous dark cavern, very silent. He finds the little panel to sit on, his elbows resting on the little table, before he ventures a second mouthful of the water. He is thinking that while he is in the flesh only twenty six years old, some other part of him is now hundreds of years old, how many he doesn’t know, except that they are many, possibly many more than he can think just now. That is the cavern inside him, so much empty time, centuries of it. And yes, the second stream of water creates less of a sensation, but even so it is as though it trickles down through this vast silent dark cave to his gut.
Thinking of this cave now suggests food. He presses the biscuit entry, and sure enough again another panel opens and presents him with a little tray upon which there are two of the concentrate biscuits. He expects to eat dust: instead he is pleasantly surprised to find that, though dry on his palate, the crumbly texture has a very definite flavour, even a slight aroma. The following mouthful of water acts to enhance this flavour, while the texture retains its grain, rolling in his throat along with the water. A novel experience, much better than he expected. And then there is another pleasant surprise. Though the bulk of the two biscuits was small to consume, they have filled his stomach with a light and easy mass, the sensation of the residual flavour as though permeating his entire body.
 
There is always this problem with satisfaction: it only serves to highlight dissatisfaction, should a reason for such dissatisfaction be present. This situation does not last long. He is laid out on the bed again, replete in one area but haunted by a longing in another. This longing has no name: instead it is defined for him by what is present about him – the indifferent shell that surrounds him to protect him from who knows how many light-years, light-centuries, of dark emptiness. He would panic but even panic needs a place to go to: if you are fleeing from something you must have somewhere to flee towards. Strictly, he knows he should implode into a nothingness – pressed into that non-state by such an inconceivably vast emptiness – but some quality in him can withstand that very great pressure, a quality that has no presence other than not allowing nothingness to take him over.
He falls asleep.
 
Awake again, there is still that sensation of vastness, but this time as though the vast emptiness outside his protective shell has in some way accepted his presence. He knows it is a condition that will allow him live with his present situation: he must expand to fill the reality he knows, even if this is – for him now – an empty universe. It is only when he has accepted this condition that he becomes aware of the nagging sensation in his gut: he badly needs to relieve himself. He doesn’t ask himself how such a mundane need should prompt such an apparently significant decision as submitting to an empty universe. But what he does recognise is that the act of emptying himself of waste matter does have a continuity with feeling a reconciliation with what is now his reality.
The moment he rolls off the bed on to his feet he feels himself embraced by habit. He unzips and rolls down the overall, then steps naked into the toilet enclosure. He accepts the familiarity of the place, the waste bowl to the left, the Refresher unit to the right. He sits on the bowl, his body responding at once out of habit, all waste evacuated in less than a minute, the electrostatic charge cleaning him just as quickly. About to stand up, he suddenly sees a face he does not immediately know, but which is overwhelmingly familiar to him. It does take time, he desperately searching the emptiness that should be his memory, then one word: mother. It’s like a screen lighting up: the slender woman with her habitual anxious expression, peering as always in expectation of trouble. Nothing could assuage that unease of hers, no amount of love and consideration. And only the passing comment by one of her more cynical associates at the college to him as a teenager to shed light on this strange – and surely unwarranted – state: that his mother had adopted this stance as a way of keeping trouble at bay. And his father had agreed when he passed this observation on to him – he looking for reassurance here from the person who probably knew her best – why everyone loves little puppies: they enhance your sense of power, your confidence.
And his father now. The one word he always thought of when he saw his father: leeway. Essentially an obstacle that could be – that needed to be – skirted: thus the kind of administrator who allows his staff do their work, both he and his staff confident that this work would be done efficiently, some leeway perhaps but no slacking, no cutting corners. Always affable, the proverbial velvet glove boss. And as a father? He had never needed to do this, but he knew in his heart that if he ever had a real problem his father would do everything in his power to help him. No question about that, ever.
The images ease, so he can get to his feet and align himself on the Refresher. Even before the charge surges across his flesh he remembers that those images are many hundreds of years old: that is, his parents are long dead. It is appropriate that he shivers with this realisation even as he shivers – as he always does – as the charge climaxes and his entire body spasms with the electric release. He might be cleansed now, but he feels soiled to remember how flip he has just been about his parents – his mother, especially – the degree to which Yortbort’s big-city glibness has influenced him. He sees his mother now – he a child just home from school – how she would turn as he entered the room, a brightness in her eyes like no other. He has no words for that look of hers. How she seemed to open to him an inwards reach without limit. There can be no name put on that, even though that vulnerable woman is long dead now and he only realising this just minutes before. And his father? No, he will go no further now, walking back into his quarters and reaching for the overall on the bed. Too many images now, too many memories flooding back. And all he can think is:
All dead.
He lies out on the bed again, eyes closed: crying though no tears flow: the finality of death overwhelming him.
 
Now he feels as though he has a shell, more like a snail than say a sea creature: slow and draggy, a stain in his train. The room with the flickery console repels him, but he must stop to eat and drink again. Eating and drinking are also habitual already now, the more so given the plainness of what is available to him. And also the habit of thought associated for him with the plain repetitive activity of eating. Death: what other thought is there just now? A memory wants to intrude, but he forces himself to think about death, about absence – about no going back. A mistake here, wrong thought: he sees her so clearly, even after so long. Abigail. An old fashioned name deliberately chosen by her reactionary mother, meant to resonate somewhere or somewhen in the great open universe. How mysterious love is, relating the unknowable to the unknowable. He can see her so clearly and yet knowing as he always knew that she was just the shell, that who he loved resided way back behind this plain put-upon girl, half demented by her fussy mother. And who was he in this farrago? When he looked at Abigail – even when she was only eleven and sitting just across from him in the classroom – he felt as though he was a projection of his mother, strangely so like a light that might fail at any time.
Trepidation, always that trepidation. But when they were sixteen, at the Oblonsky’s party, and she asked him why he never called to see her anymore: what could he tell her about spent seed? She standing in front of him in that darkened room, her pert breasts silhouetted against light from the veranda, how could the brute reality of sex, of just their bodies alone, cross the divide between them? And he did tell her then, very plainly too – actually helpless to do otherwise – that he loved her. And no doubt the fervour just then in his voice must have revealed just how he did not believe that word, its puerile inadequacy. And she did recoil, hand to her breast – whether to shield herself or prevent something escaping her was not at all clear to either of them. They did try, months of patient dates, evenings with parents, with friends, with everyone else except each other. Yes, they could have conjoined, children, family life, on and on into old age and grandchildren, consoled that their seed would live on. And then dead for ever.
The truth was that their love was already consumed, lasting an instant but so much learned: knowing love like knowing that nothing else really mattered. And yet. And yet the memory of that moment: no going back, only the memory to carry forward, like a light that could illuminate an even greater truth someday. No: he thinking now at the little table, surrounded by the great nothingness outside this thin shell: love is a promise, an insight into a very great event. Now that he is nowhere and with everyone dead a long way behind him, he can see that fact so clearly. Love is real, beyond death.
 
Well, the other room makes a difference, at least it is long and bare, except for a table and some square device at its centre. And there is also the note he had left himself. He sees his name and date of birth, then realises he wrote this when his parents – and everyone else he knew – were still alive. It’s the tone of the note that works on him: a kind of practical aplomb that is so unlike himself, then or now. Almost breezy: he is surprised that he could be like that at such a moment. Of course, he didn’t know that he wasn’t going to wake up for hundreds of years, but he could still allow that possibility. And they were packing him off for ten years just to fulfil some minor bureaucratic function, though paying him enough to allow him do research for maybe thirty years. No need to suck up for an academic post anywhere. And those alien remains? Did they lead to any advances?
That gives him pause. What kind of universe is it now? For an instant he is intensely interested, then he subsides into what he realises now is a state of dejection, death like a marker leaving a trail of gloom. Yet the truth is that he never did interest himself in scientific advances, simply accepting the conveniences developed as a matter of course. He will do the same likewise now, no matter what magic they have managed to wrought. It is a strange thing how no matter what mankind achieves to ease the burden of living, the same basic questions remain unanswered. It was awareness of this simple fact that brought him to study, first of all, history, then what his teachers called the development of thought: how human thinking grew around one basic question: What is it? The subject was basically a study of language, specifically the development of abstraction, that is, how words that had concrete, practical reference, were taken up and used to refer to abstract entities, called on one hand concepts, and on the other called meta-physical states.
At its core, what had come to interest him – now embarking on postgraduate research with the full support of those teachers – was the fundamental question of what made it possible for human beings to even grasp the very idea of the abstract. For instance, how could the word used by ancient Greeks to refer to an element of common conversation come to refer to an transcendent entity that has fascinated thinkers for over three thousand years? The question here for him is not the meaningfulness or not of that word – logos – but how was such a re-ascription possible in the first place? In other words, not the question of whether such a transcendent state existed or not, but how did humankind come to even consider that such a state was possible? What happened way back then in the past that permitted this to happen?
Finding himself in his quarters again, he subsides into the knowledge that – once again – those teachers, and no doubt perhaps even the university itself, no longer exist. His despondency is all the worse now as the full realisation of what he has lost comes to him. Everything – he must press this knowledge upon himself – everything he knew and valued is lost. The two books on the little table – the thick one and the slim one at its side – catch his eye: except those, he tells himself with some irony. Whole libraries perhaps gone, and here he has a volume written by an obsessively pedantic German from Earth – who lived who knows now how long ago – and the collected poems of a sad man, old before his years, who could even so compose with illuminating irony the most insightful and beautiful piece of literature he has ever had the good fortune to experience. He knows how sad he is, and why he is so sad, yet just looking over at that battered old book – that has been through so many hands before his – can balance all that pain with the honest confession of a young man faced with an insight that terrified him, but who managed to set it out for others in an inspiring way that does not even so consume the unprepared. Write it plain but hide it from the vulnerable.
He lies out on the bed again, this time relief giving him rest.
 
Awake, he knows he is rested, feeling it as a kind of path opening down through him, optimism perhaps, but also a degree of resignation, as though permitting fate – whatever that is – to take a hand in his continued existence. The pull of his bladder gets him out of the bed and into the toilet facility. Routine takes over and it is not until he is back by the bed, reaching again for the overall, that he pauses. Another habit here as he wonders if the garment is clean. It seems clean, smells clean, but he nonetheless takes it into the facility, spots the familiar handle of the Cleaner, pulls it out and drops the overall into the receptacle. That done, he turns and walks through his quarters up the short corridor and into the square room, eyes immediately focussed on the flickering lights of the console. Only then does he realise that he intends trying the radio function now, a sudden determination to move on out of this confined place.
The red light is still patiently flashing on and then off. Looking more closely, he sees that it is in fact a button: he presses it. There is a burst of static then a voice speaking clearly, obviously mechanical, the tones super-even, a steady flow until a pause, after which the communication is obviously repeated. He presses the red button again and is relieved that the voice cuts off abruptly. The one possibility he had not expected was that of not understanding the message. Only one word was familiar to him: Allo, the familiar greeting of the entire human civilization by the twenty seventh century. So, he goes back to his quarters, fetches his bag out from the corner beside the desk and gets his tablet. Back to the console, hit the red button, start the Translator on the table and wait. The thin voice of the Translator says after a while: “Language unknown.”
Now this really stumps him. The Translator knows every language, even some little used variants of the main tongues. The implications here are many, but he waits until he is back sitting on the bed before attempting to list them. The cause of the failure of the mission might have been either a loss of drive or a loss of guidance. He assumes that if the drive had failed, thus dropping the vessel from point nine five Light (usually written .95L) to some kind of standard speed – a tiny fraction of Light – then the logical thing to do would have been to turn the vessel about and bring it back to base. But the vessel cannot have been far out on its journey when the fault occurred, otherwise base would not have been able to communicate with it. If this was so, then it would not have taken over three hundred years to get back to base. And in any case, the language of Yortbort could not have changed so radically in such a short time.
Next, consider that the vessel was thrown off course and continued in a new – random – direction at .95L. How far would it travel in more than three hundred years: certainly somewhat over three hundred lightyears – that is, a very long way. He doesn’t know very much about the expansion of human settlement throughout space back in the twenty seventh century, but he now needs to allow the possibility that humankind has spread over at least three hundred lightyears of the galaxy. And that they have so modified one or more languages to the extent that the Translator does not know it. Some of this does not seem possible, the modification of language in such a relatively short time, especially. For instance, the poetry in the little book on the desk opposite was written in a form of Uinglis back in the early twentieth century. But there is still so much that is similar between the form of the language that is spoken by most of the inhabitants of his home system and the language – called English back then – that he required very little help from the Translator to be able to read the poems.
At this point the Cleaner sounds its pleasant little tinkle to indicate that the overall is ready for him. And so it is, lying neatly folded in the cabinet, faint wholesome fragrance underlining for him its fresh and clean state. So he dons the garment and goes back to the console. The next stage for him is attempted communication. He presses the red button, the mechanical voice resumes, and he says loudly:
‘Allo. This is the survey vessel out of the Yortbort system in the Gangtor Sector, serial 347 892 478, calling.’
He has no idea whether this is the right format or not, but assumes the information he gives is sufficient for identification. He pauses, expectant: the robotic voice continues unabated. He presses the red button and gains silence. Now a closer look at the radio reveals that alongside the red button there is a green button. So he presses and holds this green button and says, even more loudly, as though bridging eons of time and space:
‘This is the survey vessel out of Yortbort in the Gangtor Sector, sector serial 347892478.’
Releasing the green button, he waits, now pent up, knowing he has probably tried everything and is so near and yet so far away otherwise. It takes some time before he realises that he should press the red button again. He does so. It’s the same mechanical voice, the same message over and over. He shuts the radio off. Completely thrown out – feeling even that he has compromised himself in some way by trying to do something he simply doesn’t understand – he just stands looking at the console. He finds that he is thinking of space travel, wondering absently what speed the ship that connected Yortbort with his home planet. Zargon, travelled at. Certainly not .95L: they would have been out of the system before the ship had reached that kind of speed. Yet it did accelerate for several days, crew and passengers in holding until the strain eased. And he had stood on the great viewing deck and watched the stars for over an hour on one occasion – his first trip to Yortbort when he was sixteen – but could not see any kind of shift whatsoever. He knew the great cargo ships that plied between the sectors did reach that full speed, the crew and their families already down for the trip and so impervious to the greater strain of full acceleration.
That’s when he thinks of Abigail again, suddenly aware that she might be still alive, somewhere in known space. She had married an engineer, an officer on one of those freighters, in effect extending her life span by the years spent down during the journeys between sectors, as much as fifteen even twenty years at a time. Those crews lived in a world of their own, many intermarried among themselves, men and women with the potential to live through centuries. Yes, she could be on a ship somewhere between sectors, maybe in her eighties or nineties, family grown and maybe married and settled on one freighter or another. Hard to live otherwise. He remembered a woman who had managed to study at the university for one year before fleeing, unable to cope with being conscious for months on end. He knew they did take breaks – as much for bearing children and educating them as for vacation – but on specially reserved resort planets just off the main shipping lanes, which no doubt provided routines that suited them.
Then, of course, the new understanding: unknown language implies he has travelled much further into the future than he previously assumed. So Abigail is hardly likely to be still alive. And with that realisation, his new-found sense of optimism evaporates, just like that. Still death. Still alone in the wide dark and cold yonder. He could cry, if that would help. It doesn’t. He turns and walks back his quarters, lies out on the bed and closes his eyes. But no sleep-escape this time: just a sense of a darkness that stretches and stretches out into more darkness. He feels like a machine that has nowhere to go and nothing to do but which cannot shut itself off.
It’s only then that he realises that he is fighting something, all these words like a shield. What is he resisting? Nothing. Of course, just nothing. Yes, how hard it is simply to stop. Then it is metaphysics, suddenly present: how Being is a word that hides nothing.
Now he can fall asleep.
 
He awakens with that thought still front and centre in his mind. This is familiar: this is a research thought. So up he gets, fetches out the table, keys up a document named MIRROR, types in:
Being is a word that hides nothing.
This is the third entry in this document, his very first work-sheet of what he had intended to be his research project. The entry immediately above reads:
The Reflection is the Shadow that haunts humanity’s Soul.
It is dated 24.10.2672. Reading it, he at once makes a host of connections. That is the date he left Yortbort to join the survey vessel in orbit. Gustin wouldn’t see him off, but this he understood. While he would be back in ten years’ time with the means for many years of research, Gustin would probably still be looking for a posting, his own research on hold. They no longer had much in common. But Trasina did come, not love but perhaps in the circumstances a finer quality, loyalty. She didn’t really expect to see him again either, but she would stand by him to the end. And the best he could do, out at the port, was to give her the only other book he had valued: meaning it to be a token of sorts, a loan that he might seek on his return – if she was in a position to give it back to him. The book was Sucher’s study of the machine: Down to Earth, the twentieth third century edition with his daughter’s annotations. It might not impress Trasina, for whom science was little more than a mixture of fantasy and magic, but she would value it because he valued it. And what had she given him, along with a last embrace? It was in the bottom of his bag, and in the present circumstances, everyone dead and gone, his most valued possession. It did look like something detached and then forgotten: nothing more than the silver clasp she always used to tie her hair back, which she had at the very last moment unclipped and pushed into his hand, so that the last sight he had of her was her tall slight figure, long golden hair sweeping up behind her in the breeze from the shore, right hand waving forlornly.
But then the atmosphere at the port itself. He knew he was no hero, just someone with a well-paid contract to fulfil – not even an employee, part of the team and all that. He had been handled – best word – like a machine not to be broken, a kind of auxiliary unit to be installed on their vessel. And so it was. Undressed, medical tests for the record, the allocated plain overall, his kit bag weighed and then examined. And that was it. Ushered into the flivver, strapped in, told to keep his eyes closed for as long as the buzzer sounded. No explanations. Slamming and bolting door at his back, sudden pressure as the antigrav neutralised the craft, then that gulping lift, then the emptiness, then the hiss of the directional jets, then thump, door open, get out, doors closing at back, undress, climb into Down capsule, press this button then that button.
Then he wakes up here and now.
His bladder gets him into the facility. Habit gets him out, into the overall and out to the food dispenser. Not till he is sitting at the little table with the two biscuits and a bottle of ancient water, does he allow the surprise to register with him. Should he have a memory of the emergency intervention by base? No reason why he should. He didn’t remember his departure until he saw the date of that sentence in the work-sheet. Yes, but why didn’t the note in the long room here – the one he read when he first awoke – why didn’t that prompt his memory? Maybe he was groggy, dazed after been awoken suddenly to that emergency. But all the notes left for him are very deliberate, well written and to the point. To prove this to himself, he goes through to the long room and over to the desk. The note:
IMPORTANT: YOU SHOULD READ THIS NOTE WITH THE GREATEST CARE AND ATTENTION.
Your name is Alain Partrigor, born 26 August 2647. You were selected to take part in a special mission, the details of which were until now unknown to you – these will be outlined below. It was envisaged that while this mission would take approximately ten years, you would need be present only at two stages, so that you would age in total only about three weeks during that period.
However, a fault developed in this craft such that it was no longer possible to predict the length of the mission. As a consequence, Mission Centre decided that you should put yourself down again until such time as the craft comes in contact with base again. This would ensure that you would not age further regardless of the length of the mission. Therefore, you can accept that once you are revived you will be within hailing distance and should be back at base within a matter of days.
MISSION BRIEFING: Reports from the Qizork Sector suggest that ruins of an alien civilization have been found on a planet in the Myhraic system. Evidence so far gleaned by local researchers suggest that this race was very advanced and that records stored there might be of great benefit to us. Therefore, a Mission was planned to send a survey vessel to retrieve as much of these records as possible and return them here for further analysis. As the vessel is fully automated it was decided that a non-specialist could be used to sign off the various stages of the Mission.
You are this “non-specialist”. In case you have a memory problem after who knows how long down, let me give you a potted autobiog. Until offered this posting – with very good recompense – you were undertaking postgrad research at Yortbort University, a very self-conscious supporter of the newly revived interest in an ancient subject called metaphysics. While they cited your intelligence and industry as recommendations for this post, the truth is that you were probably regarded as the most expendable educated person on the planet.
You may have realised by now that you wrote this document, and it only remains for me – before I go down – to wish you the very best of good luck when you finally get around to reading this – sometime in the near or far future. Alain 15 May 2673.
No, obviously the person who wrote this was fully conscious and in control of all his faculties. Even the ironic under-statement is typical of him. But, even so, is it possible? Could he have done this, handle such a dire emergency – hello, you are off course and heading out into the unknown for the next who knows how many centuries – in such a breezy manner? He doesn’t know, of course, never having faced such a situation before, having spent most of his adult life in libraries studying fusty old books. There is the edge of paranoia touching him, resonating in a curious way with the now familiar sense of profound isolation, generating the feeling that he could believe in anything at all out here, God or the Devil, even a Guardian Angel or a Personal Demon. He could scream, run mad around inside this white shell, and what difference would it make? And at root there is the very simple and obvious question: Why would anyone scheme to send him out here, wherever here is? Why would anyone waste all these resources to do that: what could be so important to warrant such a radical scheme?
No, that is nonsense. He takes up the note and brings it with him out into the Down room, to test if the sight of the capsule there could prompt his memory. First thing he sees is that the inner door of the airlock is open. Then he sees that something like a dinner plate is floating in the centre of the room, the familiar low buzz of an anti-grav device coming to him. His recoil is matched almost exactly by an up-down tremor in the plate. Then a voice issues from it, mechanical, a rapid jabber, then silence. He goes closer to it, the plate dropping to eye-level as he does. He raises his right hand to stop it doing anything else and says, loudly:
‘I do not understand you.’
The plate bobs in an unmistakeable sign of greeting, so he responds by bobbing his head. Now the plate rises slowly, rotating on its centre – he can see various little dark circles along its edge cross from right to left. Then a flash of light shooting out to create a virtual screen, a tiny beep from the plate – obviously to draw his attention to this. Then an image of an apparently enormous and ungainly craft approaching a much smaller droplet-like craft, a section of the wall opening with the obvious intent of absorbing it. In the background there is a planetary body hanging in the dark, brilliant white on its right side, that indicates a sun away off on that side out of sight. Then the plate shows an image of the Down room, pointing towards the open airlock door, the image changing now as the plate floats over in that direction until it can show him that the other door is open, a long corridor outside, lit a plain subdued white, extending towards a closed door at its end. He doesn’t think: he just runs away, through the long room, the square room, back down the short corridor to his quarters. He lies out flat on the bed, arms down by his side, consumed now by an intense disappointment.
 
No sleep. No rest. The disappointment subsides slowly, and rising behind it is the question: what had he expected? He is genuinely surprised by the feeling of disappointment, and cannot see why he should feel this way. There is a gap here, and for the first time since he came to consciousness here he feels fear, if only because the gap is so strange. Somewhere within himself he had expected more, much more. Now there is an impulse. He gets up off the bed, lays the note on the table and burrows in his bag till he finds the silver clasp he had remembered a little while ago. It is tarnished – after all, it has lain in the bottom of the bag for many centuries – and he realises this is the first time he has ever looked closely at it. So many times he had seen Trasina unclip it and lay it neatly on a nearby surface, sometimes before their love-making, other times late in the evening and they still talking together, when she would shake her long hair out and run her fingers up and across her scalp. He had been so used to those gestures, very comfortable with them. The outer surface of the clasp had been chased, the eternity symbol – the number eight on its side – fills the curving plane. On the inner surface is stamped her name and that of her mother, who had given it to her on her sixteenth birthday.
Then the memory of one night together, a cold winter night, seated side by side on the couch under a heavy rug. Trasina had been an anthropologist, part of a group studying the distribution of old Earth fairy tales across the human settlements. Most of these tales were to be found as expected, among the descendants of the Earth peoples with whom these tales had been associated. Except for one in particular, which for some reason was to be found almost everywhere in all the sectors. And this tale especially enthralled Trasina, to the extent that she had built her doctoral thesis around it. The tale is very ancient, then still extant is several dead languages. A jealous step-mother turns her four step-children – three boys and one girl – into swans and condemns them to spend hundreds of years moving from place to place around an island on Earth once called Ireland. Trasina argued that the tale served populations colonising outer space as a rationale for the sense of estrangement many of them suffered. It was the familiar human theme of exile, of banishment, but intensified by the very real experience of isolation, whole peoples separated by lightyears from what they still regarded as their place of origin, where their ancestors were buried and where once their gods had resided.
To listen to Trasina talk about this legend, especially – he now realises – was to be moved to some exalted plane of awareness: a place of very great pain, yes, but also a place of exhilarating enchantment. Even thinking back now, he can see how these contrasting states fit together: it is a condition where pain at last makes sense.
Now he does fall asleep.
 
A tapping sound wakes him. He rolls off the bed and opens the door – just as he remembers that he is not in his cubbyhole in the university. A heavily built old woman is standing in the bright corridor, the dinner plate hovering just above and behind her, and she leaning heavily on a stick. The very first thought he has then is the understanding that the round dark hole facing him directly on the edge of the plate is most likely a weapon. The old woman says something, which draws his attention back to her. Now he is irritated, and he replied very briskly:
‘I don’t understand anything you are saying to me.’
The old woman nods, the heavy knot of greyish hair tied up on the top of her head nodding in unison. She points as a request for permission to enter his quarters. He steps aside and she moves with surprising speed past him, he seeing her head shift rapidly from side to side as she surveys the contents closely. He follows her in, finds it cramped – what with her bulk and the extra space her stick requires – so he invites to sit on the bed. He sits beside her. She meanwhile lays her stick behind her feet on the floor and draws the loose smock she wears  in about her body, then taps him on the arm to attract his attention. Pointing to the tablet, she mimes speaking with her other hand, then mimes listening. He understands at once, reaches over for the tablet, taps up the Translator, setting it to list the languages it contains. She now taps what he sees is a small bump just behind her ear and then scans her eyes down the list. Now she pauses, eyes closed, then she points to two of the languages on the list. The rolling gesture she makes with her two forefingers he interprets as a request to copy the data of these languages. He taps through to the data of the first language. She places her right forefinger on the screen at the first character of the data: he sees the column of code scroll up the screen at an astonishing rate. Finished, she nods to him, and proceeds to absorb in the same way all the data of the second language. She closes her eyes now and sits very quietly at his side for a short while, then looks up at him and speaks, the Translator interpreting so that he hears:
‘Do you understand me now?’
He merely nods, repelled by some quality in her manner, not a coarseness, more like a brusque indifference, as though this was a chore she would rather have left to a machine. She is watching him with a cold concentration as she speaks again, he hearing the tablet:
‘Speak. Must test reciprocation.’
He says, not hiding the edge of the taunt:
‘In the room the women come and go, talking of Michelangelo.’ 
He is gratified to see that cold stare flicker, a feeling that some part of her is pulling back and back. He suddenly wonders just how old she is, sensing that she seems to be composed of many different personalities. This is confirmed when she asks:
‘You know Michelangelo?’
He nods. She grips his arm:
‘You have seen his work?’
‘Oh no. Only holographs. But my father saw the Pietà when he visited Earth. A conference.’
The old woman pushes herself to her feet, tottering, staring down at him with open incredulity:
‘Earth? Your father visited Earth?’
She is now swaying so dangerously that he leans down to get her stick. He finds he has to push it into her grasp. She clasps his arm again, the excitement transforming her even as he looks on in amazement. There are tears sparking up in her eyes. She says, speaking very rapidly at a high pitch, such that the Translator can hardly keep up:
‘You must come must come now and bring everything we must talk and talk you must teach me everything you know.’
Suddenly, he likes her: just like that – he likes her. Her sincerity overwhelms him. He reaches forward impulsively and wraps his arms about her shoulders, pressing against her bulk, feeling himself as though coming down on the other side of some high and cold mountain. He doesn’t understand himself, all he knows is that he has arrived at some intended destination.
Packing the bag take a couple of minutes – two books and a sheet of paper – and he is ready to go. It is the old woman who spots the clasp lying on the bed, who reaches down awkwardly for it, studying it closely before handing it to him, asking:
‘You love?’
For simplicity’s sake he just nods, saying:
‘A long time ago.’
She looks at him, a lingering gaze that softens bit by bit. Then she reaches her free hand and touches his cheek very lightly:
‘You are lucky man to love woman who give you gift of love.’
Tears spark into his eyes: he can only nod again. She nods too, as though in sympathy, then turns and shuffles in the confined area to the door. Signalling to him to follow, she leads the way down the short corridor, across the square room, and then down the long room into the Down room. He follows, his bag of possessions light in his left hand, tablet in his right, completely indifferent to the fact that he is at last leaving this shell, where he has spent hundreds of years of non-life. There is no cold corridor outside the airlock this time, instead an ante-chamber warm and tastefully furnished awaits him, the floor cushioned with what seems a real fabric.
The old woman is standing over by an open door, the sight of a dimly lit hallway beyond, watching his reaction. And he is reacting: not since leaving his home on Zargon has he felt such comfort, savouring the russet red ambience created by hidden lights, reflecting the amber tones of the wall hangings, the rich tan of the carpeting, the effect balanced by hints of both light and heavy greens that describe abstract patternings in both the carpet and the hangings. He walks across the room slowly, savouring the atmosphere, feeling the coldness of space and the weight of the darkness drain away. The old woman says simply, once he has reached her, the tablet’s speaker richer in this enclosed room:
‘Welcome to Home.’
It is ceremonial: even this far into the future, that ancient sense of personal placement in an indifferent and contingent universe still has its utopian appeal. And he is careful to acknowledge this, bending slightly before her in thanks. Then it is down this hallway, the tone now lifting to a golden haze, the walls here painted, the carpeting a subdued low green. The next room is obviously the main room, both expansive and informal at the same time: high ceiling on this side then angled down towards what is the outer wall, a large bay window there opening onto a vista of beige and tan stone, the ground fissured, soaring cliffs at the horizon. The centre of the room is open, occupied by a great round deep-piled carpet of interlaced rich red, full blue, and creamy yellow tones, glowing softly in the strong light from the window, very suitable for the size of the room. The furnishings are arrayed around the periphery of this carpet, like islands in a brilliant ocean: much of it wooden with bright cushioning, low tables creating focals for the seating.
Only a few steps into this room and he can absorb no more of it, turning in reaction to the old woman, who says, the nearest to a smile he has so far seen:
‘Two thousand years here. Long living room, yes?’
It takes him a moment to grasp what she has said. He wants to echo two thousand years, but he knows already that he should take nothing for granted here. After all, he himself is hundreds of years of long living, so why should this woman be any different, especially in an age he knows nothing of yet. So he says, with the nearest to sincerity that he can manage, given the novelty of his experiences so far:
‘It is very beautiful, strangely beautiful.’
However that was translated for her, she is very pleased to hear this, for she says, repeating his words:
‘Strange beauty. Come from afar, yes? How beauty is long, is so many faces.’
This might be the Translator, but he allows that it might also be the old woman. His ease in her company has just increased: he looks forward to sharing thoughts with her, each bringing strangeness. He marks this by saying to her:
‘And yet is always the same place.’
And now she does smile broadly. She reaches and slaps his arm playfully, saying:
‘Always we are bound to beauty.’
She now taps the floor with her stick and points towards the left wall, where he can see an opening, and sets off at what is clearly too fast a pace for her condition, thus betraying an excitement she has otherwise hidden very well. He hears her breathing become laboured, the stiff mucus in her throat rattling softly, which prompts him to say in as offhand a tone as he can managed, waving a hand towards the window:
‘I’d say the day is long here, is it not?’
It works: she slows her pace in order to reply:
‘Always day here. Night too black.’
This reply strikes him as odd at first, then he remembers what he didn’t see when had looked out the window earlier. He stops now to check: sure enough, the sky above the far cliffs is black, a solid wall of blackness, that is, no stars. He wonders if that is why he made the chance remark about the length of the day, as an indirect way of expressing a hidden fear. The old woman has stopped by his side, watching him register the fact that there are no stars to be seen. Then she says, matter-of-factly:
‘This is Outpost, edge of universe, no more stars.’
The old woman resumes walking, her stick stumping what is now a wooden flooring. He hurries to follow her, surprised that he is less shocked than he might have expected. Then he is not surprised: after all, he had assumed he was lost in an empty dark space. A last thought before he follows the old woman through the opening in the wall: why should he end up here, of all places?
 
He relaxes the instant he enters the next room, seeing a living space, a true intimacy: the old armchair long modified to suit the old woman’s comfort, a cushioned rest for her feet, a low table to the right – a beaker and, of all things, an old book on it. On the other side of the room there is a table with two chairs facing across it, a bulb of light floating at the centre, and – another pleasant surprise for him – a small glass holding three red flowers. He must turn at this point and ask her, she standing just into the room, watching him closely as usual:
‘Flowers?’
And she smiles again, manifestly relieved that he is pleased, saying with a sweeping gesture of her free left hand:
‘Much light. Grow many things.’
And the room does feel prepared now, he realising at the same time that she probably heard his call over the radio, and so knew a man – perhaps young – was coming. He is surprised to feel flattered, so he turns again to her in honest appreciation and says:
‘It is a welcome. Thank you.’
This time her eyes light up, and it is as though each stage of their interaction has the effect of opening up another part of her that has been maybe dormant for a very long time. Then she is finally the kind of person she would be in more usual circumstances, a bustling quality energising her now, as she comes deeper into the room towards him. Her face is lit up, mouth open, and he can see that she must have been a beautiful woman in her time, both beautiful and confident in herself.
The tablet almost rattles in his hand when she speaks again, her voice both eager and confiding:
‘Now we eat, friend. Today we rest. Work is for all the tomorrows.’
And she does laugh, the stick thumping the floor as she pushes on towards an opening screened by a deep crimson drape, then calling out as she pushes her way out of the room:
‘Sit sit sit and rest.’
Well, he won’t sit in her chair, of course, and it is only as he makes his way to sit at the table that he notices another armchair over towards the corner to his right. This he pulls this out until it faces the old woman’s chair. And it is only when he sits down in it that he realises that this is someone else’s chair, the cushions at his back having a specific configuration – more suitable for a bigger person than himself. He’s unsure what to do, suddenly aware that he is in another person’s home, that he may be a long-lost space traveller but he is still only a guest here.
He has stood up again, undecided what to do, when the old woman comes back into the room, a tray with beakers in her free hand. The expression that crosses her face is so clear to him: a kind of dismay, as though she too is now becoming aware that some kind of limitation might exist here, she the hostess and he just a guest, a loss of intimacy that dismays her. He can register this play of feeling in her, and again he is honest enough to address it directly, saying:
‘I didn’t mean to presume.’
And however this formality was translated, the effect is to bring the brightness back into her face. She says:
‘No no sit you comfortable.’
She points with the stick to another small table, that had been beside the chair he had moved. He brings it forward and places it between the two armchairs, in effect both signally the curious relation between them – he newly arrived from the distant past and she perhaps alone for an unimaginable length of time. This becomes apparent very quickly, when she says – once they are both seated and each holding a beaker:
‘Husband’s seating. No. Long ago gone.’
How long? Six hundred years.
The beakers contain a fruit juice, a thin sweetness that conveys the impression of a colour like the lavender flower, or so it seems to him. He expresses his appreciation by raising the beaker to her, which she acknowledges with a subdued smile. And he thinks: six hundred years is a long time to miss someone you loved.
She has sat down in her chair, he sees her shift herself a little until she is comfortable, her right leg raised onto the footrest, left arm aligned along the arm of the chair. She just sits there for a moment looking at him with a quiet, settled expression, then she begins:
‘Edge of universe found four thousand years now. Outpost last base in universe here. Husband me come two thousand years now. Three thousand many here then. Ships out into the black. Many then go into aftermath. Soon only me.’
She stops. He knows it is his expression: he cannot follow her at all, grasping exploration but not aftermath, cannot make the connection. He asks:
‘Aftermath?’
Suddenly she is forlorn, completely stricken, tears in her eyes. She shakes her head, saying only:
‘All gone now. Gone for ever.’
She shakes her head, drains the beaker, stands up, the bustle this time a cover for her pain. She leaves the room again, saying to him as she goes:
‘Food now. Eat and rest.’
The silence in the room now is deep, he feeling that the entire planet is silent, swinging around its sun out here at the edge, where there are no stars. The feeling should disturb him, at least, but instead it gives him a curiously pleasant consolation. He understands that if he must be alone somewhere then here with this intriguing old woman is probably the best place to be. He finds the beaker empty, so he takes it and the one lying on her little table and crosses towards what must be her kitchen, calling as he goes to alert her:
‘Can I help?’
He is through the entry even as she turns to answer, her eyes questioning him until she relents into a smile, indicating the flat top over by a sink for the beakers. Strange – though perhaps not that strange – that he thinks of his mother, how she would always turn to look at him when he entered a room. He wonders for a moment if that is what this is, looking for some kind of protection away out here. But it was never his mother who he felt protected him. That was his father, who rarely looked at him but who he felt saw him always, saw him to see him safe. And standing in this little kitchen – no apparent cooking facilities, only a set of shelving behind a screen along the wall opposite the sink, upon which lay fresh fruit and vegetables, some familiar, others unknown – he can now acknowledge both his debt to his parents and finally allow that they are dead, dead for what might well be thousands of years.
The old woman must have sensed his state of mind and so waited until he became alert again, for he finds her at his side, some mats and utensils in her hand. He understands immediately, takes them back into the other room and sets the table, just as he might have done for his mother at home when he was a child. Actually, he knows very well what he is doing: as though creating a shape for himself here modelled on an earlier shape of his life, one that had in its time made him secure and content. Then the old woman is in the room, a plate in each hand, she limping noticeably as she approaches the table. He of course rushes to take the plates, the old woman nodding thanks before vanishing behind the screen again. This time she returns bearing two beakers, again without the stick, again limping, going down, he sees, on her right side.
The meal is simple, raw vegetables and fruit arranged in a deliberate pattern, dressed in places with different flavourings. He is surprised to find that the beaker contains alcohol, a light pils-like beer, that effects his feelings rather than his head. Sitting across from him, the old woman is eating very methodically, picking fruit or vegetable with the two-tined fork from specific parts of the plate in succession. Once he notices this pattern, he sets to copy it: sure enough, there is a play of responses to the different tastes, textures and flavours that he finds move him through a variety of feelings, which altogether generate a state of almost bliss in him. It’s like a piece of music, he finds, with the alcohol like a kind of continuo creating a context that permits the flow of feelings. And he must tell the old woman this.
However she might have received this through her interpreter, she does rise from the table and limps across to a shelf near her armchair, returning with what he recognises immediately – even thousands of years in the future – is a musical instrument. She pushes her plate to one side and lays the instrument in its place, then seats herself again. It is an insignificant looking piece of machinery, about the length of a forearm, a set of twelve buttons along the top, another set of buttons on the side facing him. She looks up at him and smiles, fully expectant, then presses one of the buttons on the top.
The sound? As though every molecule in the room responds at once, each molecule texturing the pitch – an E – with an individual characteristic peculiar to it. The hair on his neck bristles, goose-pimples shoot up and down his legs, he putting his hands to his face as an expression of the strange fear he is feeling: so overwhelmed by the beauty of the sound that he fears it will kill him. This little piece of advanced equipment can turn the whole world around it into a supremely complex musical instrument. And it is the irony that gets to him, so that he says to her, his astonishment clearly evident:
‘A sound worth staying alive for, yes?’
And she does understand something of what he has said, for she smiles a smile that matches his, the two of them united for the first time in a shared state of feeling. Then she takes the plates stacked in one hand, the beakers by their handles in the other, and limps away again into her kitchen. She returns with a beaker in each, refilled with that gentle beer. The music she plays for them then is simple – one piece he can recognise as based on a folk air common on Zargon, a long time ago – and she lets the simple melodies speak for themselves. And he sees all over again how true the old adage is: that music is the transmutation of pain, how music gives human suffering a value.
It may be it is day always out here at the edge, but he sees her growing tiredness even as he feels it in himself, some natural rhythm still effective. She takes him through the kitchen and down a short corridor to a sleeping quarters which, she explains, once belonged to her son. There are clothes that will fit him, the bed properly dressed – so that he can at last unzip the white overall – sleep coming as soon as he has lain out under the cover. A last thought: if you are with yourself, then you can be anywhere at all.
 
There is no window in the room, but he feels that the morning is bright. Habit leads him on, though the facilities are not quite what he expected. Evacuation is familiar, but where there would be the Refresher, there is instead a cabinet with a panel that slides shut once he has entered. Then a spray of warm water – water! – then an oil that foams up on his skin, then more water, then a spray of warm air to dry him. A definite advance, the sense of refreshment novel, which leaves him wanting to run far. That he doesn’t do, of course, contenting himself with surveying the clothes available to him. Well, still a body with two legs and two arms away up here in the future. The clothes do fit, which leads him to become more selective, testing his mood against the range of styles and colours.
The kitchen is deserted, as is the other room beyond. A covered dish and sealed beaker on the table he takes to be his breakfast. A grain, this time, mixed with fruit, and softened with a thick liquid, which he assumes is the juice of a fruit unknown to him. The beaker contains familiar orange juice, fresh orange juice. Her timing is perfect, coming into the common room from the direction of the viewing room just as he has finished eating. She is wearing the familiar loose smock, this time a soft green in colour, but also a wide apron of some waterproof material. She beckons him to follow and sets off again back the way she had come, on through the large viewing room and out into the corridor on the far side. It is a longish walk, she moving easily today with the help of her stick, until they suddenly emerge into a very large enclosed area, bright with sunlight, row after row of plants extending away from where he stands.
He is not agoraphobic, but neither does he respond to the fecundity of nature: he is just looking at food, a lot of food, wondering absently why she needed so much of it if she was alone. But he follows her without comment, down among the plants – bushes, low trees, then more bushes: some in fruit, some flowering. Obviously continuous daylight cancels the seasons here. They cross a mound of earth and suddenly he is himself in sunlight. He is surprised by how big the orb is – he had assumed that the planet was far out, why he doesn’t know, perhaps the lack of atmosphere. The old woman is standing off to one side, her free hand resting akimbo, eyes closed as she basks in the light. She speaks to him, but not having the tablet with him, he cannot understand her. The best he can do is say:
‘Sorry.’
She is in a very different mood this morning, as though she had reappraised him – or herself – during the night. But then he finds that he is in a different mood also: a feeling of having gone too far too quickly. She makes a vaguely dismissive gesture with her free hand and turns away, heading off towards what looks like a large ramshackle shed towards the back of the enclosure. He doesn’t want to follow, recognising that spending time alone will suit them both. He clambers back onto the mound and surveys his surroundings. The area before him seems less organised – a lot of trees but no apparent order to them, certainly not running off into the distance in carefully created lines. 
He is not a nature person, but the first steps into this wooded area is so like walking into a library at the university – that sense of removal from the bustle of life, shelves crammed with books yet a sense of distance, a space for thought – that he immediately drifts away into that familiar frame of mind. He finds he can walk between the trees without paying much attention to his footing. No, he doesn’t think: his mind merely empties. He is surprised to hear birdsong, there is even the buzz of insects. The trees themselves are not very imposing, though some look very old – even decaying trunks in places – and he assumes that this is because, in part anyway, there is no wind to force a strengthening of roots and boughs.
He finds then he is thinking about thinking. Even as a child he knew that much of his thought occurred in some hidden part of himself, seeing his mind thinking much as his lungs breathe air and his heart pumps blood: it is what the mind does. This understanding helped make him aware of the significance of those thoughts – memories, impressions, stray words, and most of all insight – that did come to his awareness: that they had been deliberately brought to his attention by that hidden part of him. He can still remember the really significant thoughts of his childhood: of death at the age of seven, of that sense of balance called morality at the age of ten, of that curious sense of aloneness at the age of fourteen, the sense of girls as some kind of solution to an unnamed problem he had at sixteen, and finally that sense of uplift – as though to a light – at the age of eighteen. That was when the fruits of education began to predominate, that wretched period of intellectual superiority that students must endure until the mind is strong enough – should that stage be reached – to realise that thoughts, no matter how profound, are only indicators of processes.
He stops in the middle of the wood, the alien sunlight at the edge of the universe filtered so that it seems almost benign, stunned to realise that the final thought was new. Processes? What processes, he asks himself. And it is now that he learns another new thing: how he too is out at an edge in himself, how if he wants he can survey himself in a way never before available to him. And this is what he sees and understands: his feelings are the epiphenomena of operations of his Will, while his thoughts are indicators of expressions of his Soul. He realises that these are mighty insights, while at the same time allowing that they could be just so much fantasy, an attempt to find some kind of footing in what he now knows is a completely different reality. He could be mad, lost in some kind of compensatory fantasy – perhaps overwhelmed by deep studies he is not really fit for. Or this could be real, lost in space and time, in the company now of an old woman, who claims to be thousands of years old. It could be either, he has no way of deciding: no way at all.
And he has no way of knowing how long he has strayed among these trees – the sun always at the same angle – but it is the quietness of his mind now that prompts him to consider returning. To the extent that the sun had been on his left up to now, he decides that the simple matter of keeping the sun on his right now will take him back.
 
The old woman is washing vegetables at the sink. He pauses to see if she will turn to him. She doesn’t. He goes on to the son’s quarters and fetches back the tablet. This now allows him so say, in a deliberately conversational tone:
‘The forest is quite nice, you know. Very unspoilt.’
Against her continuing silence he adds:
‘It was very unexpected to find so much vegetation on such a sterile planet.’
And that’s about all he can manage. What can he do now? He goes through to the viewing room, to stand staring out at the unchanging landscape, ignoring the black band across the upper part of the window.
The tablet in his hand says:
‘Wilderness now. Too much food.’
Standing in the entryway, the old woman does look forlorn, drying her hands with a bright yellow cloth. Perhaps he should feel sympathy for her – after all, she has been forced to live here alone for centuries after losing everyone she loved – but some instinct tells him that his own loss equals hers. He hasn’t had time to brood very much on his own loss, but that still doesn’t change the balance between them very much. But he does say, reaching out to her:
‘But you still spend a lot of time out there.’
She comes further into the room, limping as though she was going to spin around to her right:
‘Growth. Great mystery. Power of growth. Where does it come from?’
He sees how she is locked down on this question, every bit as earnest here as he had been about the question of reflection. He says, mostly to prompt her:
‘Sunlight provides the energy.’
She nods emphatically:
‘Yes. But, Alain, that is only the energy. What uses this energy?’
He doesn’t catch at once that she has addressed him by name, it hitting him only as he replies:
‘Surely the plants themselves?’
She grimaces – he is obviously rehearsing an argument she has had with herself many times – then signals that he should follow her as she heads back towards her home quarters, saying as she goes:
‘Not the plant alone. We grow. Grow always growing. Same power everywhere there is life.’
The table is laid, even plates in place tonight, beakers full. She points to his seat at the table and carries on into the kitchen. The bowl she brings back is releasing an aroma that at once haunts him, a nutty quality that for some reason evokes a kind of domestic comfort he has never really known. Home life as a child had for him an on-and-off quality, on at mealtimes and off when everyone was out at work or school. There was not this sense of a constant domestic presence that he could come home to. No, always a sense that they entered a vacancy in the evening – like an empty stage upon which they would perform this or that play, evening at home, weekend at home, and so on. He says, only realising just then that there could be such a talent:
‘You are quite the homemaker.’
However that was translated for her, he sees a sadness sweep across her face. She sits down facing him and invites him to take his share using the big wooden spoon. She is staring at the bowl – a functional wooden dish turned out on a lathe – with an intense longing, saying slowly:
‘Home is fortress against death.’
Now he knows he needs to counterbalance this sinking away in her, in part because he doesn’t think that resisting death serves any useful purpose, but also because he is simply reacting against her fatalism. He says, as blithely as he can manage, to pull her back as much as to counter his own annoyance with her:
‘You know my name?’
It works, and works very well indeed: if only because the old woman herself wants to climb out of that particular pit. She smiles, still wan but still a smile:
‘Read your note back on the ship.’
‘You can speed-read?’
‘No. Machine reads then tells me.’
He nods, remembering the little bump he saw behind her ear, also using her finger to copy data from the tablet. Nothing he can do about that, so he asks, to continue the thread of his conversation:
‘What is your name?’
She smiles and shrugs:
‘Cannot remember.’
Which is possible: so he asks:
‘Can’t you ask that thing in your head, your computer?’
She shakes her head:
‘No. Too many memories forgotten now.’
They are both eating steadily by this stage, the nutty flavour having a sweet, lemon-like undertow for him. The beer has the effect of muting this taste, then more food reintroducing it, a curious effect that is making him giddy in a fugitive way. This mood is finding an echo in his memory of the woodland he had been in, like he has become a bird flitting from tree to tree. He suspects he is experiencing something like the mood the old woman has lived with for the last centuries. Detachment, that is the word that comes to him: letting go. No wonder she is so strongly affected by his arrival, and why she is trying to get him into that state of mind too.
Then he is back sitting at the table and asking her:
‘Then what should I call you? What name?’
She too looks as though she too has just come back to the table, taking a close look at him, then answering:
‘Give me a name.’
And a name comes to him, just like that. He pauses, intent on checking the impulse that is in him, but he lets go again:
‘Marika. I will call you Marika.’
She does smile – more broadly than he has seen before, a smile of relief, he guesses:
‘Who was this Marika? Was she old and fat too?’
Actually, she was, but that is not why he chose this name:
‘She was a teacher I had as a child. One day some boys attacked me and one of them punched me in the face. I cried. This teacher – Miss Smalchef, Marika Smalchef, was her name – she consoled me afterwards by telling me if that was the worst thing that would happen to me in my life, then I would be a very lucky person.’
Again he is not sure how this has been translated for her, because she looks puzzled, even a bit suspicious that he might be making fun of her. She thinks for a while before replying:
‘You say I am bad person for you? Because old and fat?’
He panics at first – seeing that a breach with her would leave him lost in this future – then better sense takes over, bringing him to focus on the central problem here:
‘No. Bad translation. Too many languages.’
He wants to get up from the table and walk away, except that he has nowhere to go. It’s the expression on her face that stops him: seeing her light up in agreement:
‘Yes. Must see Machine. You speak to Machine.’
Her relief is palpable, she suddenly relaxed and smiling. She gets up from the table and says as she goes towards the kitchen:
‘Wait. Must rejoice now.’
She returns with a squat black flask and two small bowls on a tray, raised with both hands for him to see – which she manages very well despite the limp:
‘You have good name, Alain. You give me good name. Marika. We must rejoice together.’
The first whiff from the opened flask tells him this is a strong spirit. She is careful pouring the golden liquid into the bowls, explaining:
‘Machine makes good spirit. This made with real fruit. Made thousand years ago on Delfa Two.’
He takes this to mean that this is the real thing, not synthetic – already a nuisance back in his time – and one sip tells him that this is most definitely so. The effect is almost instantaneous. He leans across the table to tell her:
‘No one in my time ever tasted anything like this.’
She knows about making toasts, so they drink to the health of absent loved ones. Then she will sing for him. He has the residual good sense to turn the tablet off. Words are not that important where music is concerned, the voice really another instrument – for some the greatest of all instruments. And the woman can sing.
Then she is very drunk and crying. And he is very drunk and feeling completely abandoned, un-attached in some hazy image that is haunting him: not so much lost as let loose in an infinity. The image terrifies him, but he is too drunk to care right now, almost wilful in fact – really a fatalism that would permit him to descend into a real and abiding blankness. Madness, yes, but beyond the shame of knowing that he was mad.
The old woman’s tears are piteous – no matter how he feels about himself – she finally losing all restraint and volubly telling him her history. This he knows – having seen enough drunkenness as a student – the confession as though pulled from her. And as ever, faced with this kind of situation – he the well-connected bright student in the company of less fortunate companions obliged to listen to their litany of complaint and sufferings – he sits stony faced, more a sounding-board than counsellor. As between the rich and the poor, there is no bridge connecting happiness and unhappiness: however the less fortunate may wish for improvement, the fortunate can have no reciprocal interest.
What he does is sit across the table from her until she falls silent, head bowed, sobbing. He goes through the kitchen into the corridor that leads to the son’s quarters and looks in other rooms to find what might be her quarters. In the third room he checks, he sees the green smock she wore that day lying across the back of a chair. She doesn’t resist him at all, quite docile in fact, leaning against him as he guides to her room. She is able to lay herself out on the bed, so that all he has to do is draw the cover over her. Lying out there, seemingly helpless now, the expression in her eyes so moves him – he able to afford some tenderness now at the end – that he reaches down and presses his palm against her forehead. It is enough for her: she closes her eyes and is asleep even before he has left the room.
 
He awakens suddenly in the night and finds her climbing into the bed beside him, unmistakably making excuses like a little child. He is relieved that she is still clothed – though he himself is naked – and that she snuggles up against him without apparent sexual intent. But she does mutter in his ear, and it is only when he hears the word “Marika” uttered a number of times that he knows what it is she wants from him. So he says quietly to her, no translation:
‘Marika, Marika… Marika.’
He feels her nodding against his head, she making a last snuggle against him before falling asleep. It does fill him with a kind of wonder – father-like to a many-thousand year old daughter-like woman – and he finally understands that she was bidding a tearful farewell to a past life, and that she has just now entered upon a new life. But he also knows that he will not do that: he will not forget his parents, nor the loyalty of Trasina, nor most certainly the love he found through Abigail.
 
He is having a dream: he’s lost on a little planet where the sun always shines. He walks around this planet all the time, and thinks that if he bothered to run he might catch up with himself. Then he knows he is actually awake, and awake on a little planet where the sun always shines. Then he becomes aware of the state of his head, which brings him to ask himself what was in the drink he had last night – the question he always asked when he was still young enough to get drunk. Remembering the thousand-year old brandy, he smugly realises that he had an experience his father could never have. He is still sufficiently detached to think with amusement that he had to wait thousands of years to one-up his father: a father whose ashes have long disappeared into the general cosmic dust.
On that sad note, he rolls from the bed and pushes himself to his feet. Habit still rules, so it is into the facilities to crouch on the bowl, then step into the water cabinet, today a wonderfully reviving experience. And for some obscure reason he searches diligently among the son’s clothes for a suitable garment. He finds it must be red today, a somewhat muted red with just a hint of yellow, a one-piece garment that avoids being a coverall by bearing a fussy stitching – in a bright green –  at its extremities. There is an attractive suit of sorts in silver-grey that attracts him more, but he realises that it would not do today.
So on to the kitchen, where he finds the old woman washing fruit at the sink. It is only when he sees her that he remembers the incidents of the previous night, when it is too late to work out a strategy to save face. But the old woman looks up at him and smiles. She says something he doesn’t understand, nodding towards the table in the other room. The beaker at his place on the table is filled with a pinkish liquid, looking like a cheap sugary concoction designed to appeal to a child. Even so, he drinks it back. At once his head clears, his limbs feel straighter, and his gut vanishes from his awareness.
The old woman has now entered the room, bearing a plate in each hand. Breakfast is the same mix of grain and fruit moistened with the same thick juice as previously. At one point the old woman points to the tablet – which has lain overnight on the table, and which he now switches on – and then says:
‘Go to Machine now. Join with Machine now. Know everything then.’
This news startles him. He fears a bug in his brain, a voice in his head not his own. He is emphatic:
‘No. No head voices.’
He remembers the frustrating stupidity of what passed for intelligent machines back on Yortbort. It was impossible to make the designers of these devices understand that the universe is contingent, that the most elaborately planned system – together with the machines designed to run them – would always be subject to unintended consequences. The result was – as in the case of all scientific endeavour – that half of these intelligent systems were engaged in cleaning up after the other half.
The old woman has meanwhile paused – inaccurate translation again, he suspects – looking at him with incredulity. Now she points to the tablet beside him on the table:
‘That machine talks to you.’
‘That machine is not in my head.’
He taps his head with some emphasis in case translation falters again. Now she stands up and leans across the table towards him, and says with some annoyance:
‘You come, Alain. Then we speak full together.’
Only now does he understand, remembering as well what had been said the previous evening. He nods, spreading his hands to placate her, saying with evident humour:
‘Meet with Machine. No head talk, yes?’
She nods in agreement.
And only now does he know why he took care dressing today. See, he tells himself: you were going anyway, dope. 
 
With her stick, the old woman makes good time, he at her side pacing her. They set off across the viewing room and out into the corridor they had used the previous day. This time, however, she swings away right into a short side passage that comes up against a metal door. She opens this to reveal a compartment with seating for four, two by two. Definitely a vehicle of some kind, control panel front right, strapping on all the seats. So he’s front left waiting while the old woman fits her bulk into front right. Door closed and off they go, zipping along a tunnel lit at intervals, but no visible means for supporting the craft. She does say, the words from the tablet clear against the low hum of the machine:
‘Machine at core. Not long going.’
The craft is moving very quickly by now, sometimes around broad bends but with no sense of inertia at all. Then it slows rapidly, comes to a halt facing a metal wall, and drops suddenly without any warning, falling now in a low light with no visible source, again with little or no sound. This time the slowing is more gradual, a sense of inertia now, until at last the craft settles in a large chamber. The door slides open immediately, but he must wait until the old woman has extricated herself from her seat and retrieved her sick. He expects another walk – this machine must have its own installation, lights and consoles – but no, the old woman leads him across to the nearest wall and pulls a tray-like panel out. She then presses the lump on her neck and waits, head bowed slightly, obviously in listening mode. Without otherwise moving she beckons him forward and points to an area on the panel lit blue, indicating that he should lay his palm there. He does so.
He expects something to happen, but nothing seems to happen. The old woman says to him:
‘The required operation is complete, Alain. You can now remove your hand.’
He does so, then it strikes him – the old woman has just spoken to him in his own language, her accent clearly upper-class Zargon. Not only that, but he finds he knows what the Machine is, not exactly the Ruler of the Universe, more a very influential Moderator. The old woman meanwhile has opened a small compartment beside the panel and has drawn out what looks like a thin metal bracelet. She hands it to him, saying – again in fluent Zargon Uinglis:
‘You should use this communicator to speak to Machine. Communication will be internal, but not intrusive, because Machine will only communicate with you via this bracelet, and only then when you request it.’
He slips it onto his left wrist, it settling there with little or no presence. And that is that. He has met Machine and he is still intact.
 
It is at his request that they go out into the Garden, which is how the old woman refers to her workplace. He wants them to walk together – to the extent that she can do this – and talk, he suddenly hungry for conversation after so long almost dumb. Except that they don’t talk at first, perhaps because no effort would be required now, but also maybe because this time together is needed. He certainly feels this to be the case, less than a week here and already deep – in terms of his own twenty six years of experience – in a unusual and complicated relationship with a woman who is both thousands of years younger than him and thousands of years older. Yet it is very pleasant to walk down among the trees, sunlight dappling the leaves, birdsong in the offing, even the scent of flowers from time to time. And what they do come to talk about is her work, prompted of course by the context of where they are:
‘My mother was a farmer on an obscure planet in another galaxy far from here. My father was a ship’s officer – a navigator – who was absent for long periods at times. It was strange to watch my parents grow old together. They were married when each was twenty, yet by the time my mother was forty my father was only thirty one. When my mother died at one hundred and forty six, my father was sixty two. He married again, a woman of twenty five, and outlived her too: one hundred and fifteen when she died at one hundred and sixty three. Then he married a third time, but this time to a fellow officer – an engineer then aged eighty seven – who became my second step mother. When I was twenty three I married her son, also an engineer, who was then forty two. How was this possible? My parents had decided that I should live with my father on his ship, going down with the crew during flight, so I aged very slowly in relation to my mother. You might ask why my mother did not join us. She was a farmer, of a long line of farmers that could trace their ancestry back to the part of old Earth called Peru, and she was willing to live only her natural span tilling her land. It was out of respect for her and her ancestors – my ancestors – that I studied plant cultivation, and found work providing food on cruise ships. Rim had been developed by then, so I could renew my life every two hundred years or so. This meant that my husband and I had a somewhat peculiar relationship: sometimes I was apparently younger than him, other times older. My son chose to live with me, studying farming too, and utilising rim when needed, that is, until his rising five hundred years ago. My husband retired from space flight about two thousand years ago to take up the post of Controller here, with our son and me coming with him as Provisioners. We all used rim here – though we needed to travel to Midway for that – that is, until my husband, and then my son, undertook their rising. After that I was alone here, farming as you can see about us here, but with less and less to do until there was no one left here but me. That is, until you suddenly appeared.’
He can take all this in – no matter how weird he finds it – allowing at the same time that it is all both largely irrelevant to his own life and familiar already to him through what he knows of the life of the beloved Abigail. Yet there are elements that take his interest. He asks:
‘What is rim?’
She smiles at him:
‘We thought you might ask that. But first, do you mind if we sit for a while, my hips are beginning to ache. This way.’
She leads him through a tangle of trees off to the left, she pushing through in the lead until they break out on the banks of a small lake, which stretches away towards the boundary of the enclosure, surface placid yet brilliantly flashing sunlight like the palest blue gems. There is some seating on a small rise above this lake, a small table with marks that suggest frequent use in the past. Sitting, she explains:
‘We used to come here in quieter times to rest our eyes on the wide vista. As you can see, this body of water is meant to serve water loving plants: rushes, lilies, and trees like the willow and ash, and of course that strange entity you see in places, the Bongo Tree, which for a thousand years or so was a favourite throughout the universe. You could see it in any city park, though farmers hated it because it frightened their animals.’
He can understand this: the Bongo Tree looks like a fright, branches shooting up like hair on end, leaves coloured a vivid blood red, a fruit that pops open suddenly with a loud screeching noise, and the fruit itself deadly poisonous to dogs, and only to dogs – which is why is became so popular in public parks. The old woman is continuing:
‘Anyway, let me preface what I’m going to say by explaining why we will be holding some of these conversations. Machine wanted to load you with all this knowledge straight off, but I argued that – because you would not accept the implanting of a Wart, which is what we call the bug in my head – I should supply you with such information as you require, when you asked for it. So, that said, let me tell you about the Re-Incarnation Machine. But first I need to give you some background. You may remember that you were part of a mission to survey the ruins of an advanced civilization that had been found on a planet in what was then called the Qizork Sector – incidentally, there is no trace in Machine’s records of this sector, but we can discuss this another time. Similar ruins were found in other parts of the universe during the following millennium, but systematic study of the records found in these places was not undertaken until the advent of the Machine Age – again, more on that later. The most surprising result of these investigations was the discovery that these remains were left behind by an advanced civilization that was human. And this was a civilization that had existed for over a million years, and had died out in stages down to about ten thousand years ago. No reason for its decline has ever been found, not war or economic collapse, not alien enemies. It seems to have just stopped existing.
‘However, it proved possible to decipher their language – related significantly to some very ancient Earth languages, which of course opened up new area of study, but not relevant for us here – so that their science records could be studied. These have provide us with many advanced technologies, most notable for our purposes here, the Re-Incarnation Machine and hyper-fast travel, possible up to the very limit of trans-light speed, of which, again, more later. Now the Re-Incarnation Machine, or RIM as it became known, is of course not exactly that. Even the most advanced scientific techniques have never managed to actually engender life, this has to be left to nature, or whatever one wishes to call it. My husband, for instance, and many like him, rejected that name for the device, arguing that reincarnation is a spiritual fact quite distinct from what they saw as mere mechanical restoration of the human genome. Some wanted to call it instead the Resurrection Machine, mainly to avoid the occultism implicit in the RIM appellation, but that was rejected by the scientific community itself. I think myself that it should be called the Restoration Machine, shortened to Restem, which has pleasant connotations for those who have benefited from the device.
‘How RIM works is simple in theory, but fiendishly complex in execution. It is recommended that the candidate for treatment be of mature years, not quite at death’s door but with a useful life completed, which would on average be about one eighty to one ninety years of age. The process takes quite a long time, involved a very large machine, much power and very very precise calculations. The individual lies naked in an enclosed capsule, mildly sedated, while the machine examines the condition of that person’s core genes. Once this is done – and it can take many hours – the machine then undertakes to renew these genes to a post-puberty state – if the body is renewed to a pre-puberty state then maturation will not happen, a curious feature of the process but undeniably the case. This later stage can take sometimes days, and the result is that the person reappears in the world as an eighteen year old, ready to resume his or her life. The only real drawback is that over time the condition of a person’s genes deteriorate absolutely, so that repeated restorations produce a youthful person but with some aging processes already in train. In my case, Alain, there is now irreversible decline in the quality of my bone structure and in hormone production, which has produced over the millennia the body you see here now.’
She gets to her feet, fetches the stick and sets off back again the way they had come. He sits on for a moment, savouring the alone-ness at the edge of this lake, watching the bluey gems twinkle and twinkle, knowing that this scene never changes. He’s thinking about existence, how it is either always there or not there at all: how he can think of Nothing while nothingness could not by definition be experienced at all. What is it with language? Who dreamed it up in the first place? He wonders if this is metaphysics: how is it that there is any word at all? And then he is back again to his first thought, this time more pointed: if he does exist, how can he not exist? Yes, he knows this thought echoes one of the first recorded human thoughts: if it is, how can it not be? He gets up to follow the woman through the trees, that familiar feeling of renunciation – with him since childhood – the feeling that he could simply walk away, walk away from it all.
 
They are quiet together at their evening meal: root vegetables flavoured with a spicy sweetness, succulent fruit to counterbalance. They drink beer again, the effect this time making then both drowsy after such an eventful day. But he does ask, the meal ended and the moment for separation for the night at hand:
‘Why do you keep on going when there is no one else, Marika?’
She stops for just a moment, coming back from the kitchen:
‘Why do you, Alain?’
Good question.
 
She’s in the room when he awakens, looking through her son’s clothes. She pulls out what is a plain coverall, coloured bright blue, and lays it across the foot of the bed, telling him:
‘Wear this today. We’re going to tour the facility, so you’ll know where you are.’
She herself is wearing a coverall, loose on her shoulders and breasts but tight on her hips. She’s clearly not comfortable in this rigout. After a quick breakfast she leads him out to that little craft again, which this time sets out in the opposite direction to the previous trip, descending a sloping tunnel for quite a long time. The woman says at one stage, pointing away to the right:
‘The planet itself supplies all our power and heating, and could do so for the next billion years or so. Of course, this was only a minor consideration when selecting this planet as Outpost – a vacuum storage unit would have served just as well, though the construction would have been a sizeable charge on the project.’
Then it is quietness once again, and he is sensing a numbness in her, and wonders why she has changed so quickly. And why he has changed. He presses into the gap he feels between them now, and sees at once what should have been obvious to him: Machine. He decides to bring this matter front and centre, saying without warning:
‘This machine is running you now, isn’t it?’
She looks over at him with something like relief:
‘You think I have changed? What about yourself, Alain? You are too guarded, even paranoid, about Machine. It means well by us both.’
He is surprised to find that he is afraid of her just now; an index, he knows, of how vulnerable he is here, lost in a future that doesn’t really interest him. For all it ideological posturing, science adds nothing to the metaphysical problem, which has always been – and will always be – a question to be asked for the sake of insight, not a request for fixed answers. She cuts across his thought:
‘Machine cannot access your thoughts, Alain, if that is what you are afraid of.’ The vehicle has drawn to a halt in a lighted hallway, but the woman continues, earnest with him this time: ‘No one here means you harm, but you must know where you are in order to know the people there, isn’t that right? To know me, you must know where I live.’
He does feels he has been lectured too, and feels suitably admonished, yet he will persist:
‘No, Marika. It’s you who doesn’t understand this machine. You have been surrounded by machines all your life and cannot see what a machine-free world would be like. Machines are like words. We use machines to operate on our environment in just the same way as we use words. You shouldn’t be misled by the fact that because machines are material they are somehow more real than words that act through meaning. This should be all the more evident to you people here in the future, who use verbal commands of one kind or another to control machines.’
She is looking at him with a quiet seriousness, an ambiguity there than he chooses to ignore, knowing that his momentary fear is driving him now, perhaps to good effect. Even if he is wrong or is overreacting, what he is saying he needs to have said between them. So he continues into her silence:
‘Now another point I want to make, and this was a real problem in my time too. Because of our experience with computing, we have come to believe there is a distinction between thought and memory, on analogy with the distinction between the processing and the storage of data. But the human mind – for the want of a better word – is not like a computer: it does not distinguish between what you consider thoughts – that is, thinking – and memory. Sure. Scientists can probe the physical brain and prompt recalls, but they forget that it is the mind that is supplying the content of these memories. An analogy, if I might: the sun will shine on a specific part of a tree each day, but that does not mean that that part of the tree is storing that light as memory and is displaying it only when the sun shines there. So you see why I resist the presence of your machine, I fear that it will upset the balance of my mind, especially the focus I have so far achieved with it.’
She has the good sense – or perhaps the good manners – to sit quietly when he finishes, looking forwards through the window of the craft. For his part, he is immensely relieved: the woman might think he has just been very bright, but he can now see what he means when he refers to the focus of his mind. The metaphysical core reaches into the core of the mind, giving the metaphysician the possibility of total vision, that is, to be mind itself, to be your own mind. And he can even see the curious limitation there: how you must abandon language altogether, abandon meaning, be prepared to know nothing at all.
She must be reading him closely, for she has waited until he has finished this line of thought before nodding as she says:
‘Fine, Alain. We will discuss this further later. Now I must show you Outpost.’
He gets out of the craft and stands back while she gets out, the coverall catching awkwardly in the doorway, so that he reaches forward to pull it free for her. She glances up with mute thanks, obviously self-conscious now about her body, pulling with evident irritation to straighten the garment around her hips. The only way out is along this chamber towards a door at the far end, so he heads off that way, to relieve her of his presence. He hears the clump of her stick catch him up, she saying:
‘They chose this planet because of its isolation. They didn’t want it to become a tourist destination. The discovery of an apparent limit to the universe created quite a sensation at the time, and many were sure to come – and come very long distances – just to gawk out into the dark. We came here just as they were completing the construction work. I had the task of laying out the Garden – with ample light but not direct sunlight – and supervising the construction of the transparent shield. It was the first time I had done anything like that, so that what you see here is essentially my vision of a farm. I often wondered what my mother would have thought of it. Certainly she would not like the fixed sunlight, nor the whole artificial construct on an airless planet. But it is fecund, Alain, and has been so continuously for two thousand years. You can see why the power of growth fascinates me: it has operated here continuously for all that time, without once ever failing. I tried to interest my husband in this power – he was something of a mystic – but he regarded it as an inferior power. Well, he had his own deep researches: they might interest you sometime.
‘Well, so much for the Garden. The purpose of Outpost was to act as a kind of border post, part traffic control, part rescue station, part waypoint. There was some official exploration at first, but these missions extended only about twenty lightyears out, really to establish a kind of perimeter. Lots of adventurers also in the early days, but when the news got around that nobody was coming back – even after a couple of centuries – the numbers soon dropped away. Then planets began to organise missions, well-prepared big ships set out, at that time reaching up to 100L. But again, none came back. So a major scientific expedition was organised across a number of the nearby galaxies. These ships were very fast, up to 800L, well stocked with food and tech. The plan was to send what were called Report Ships back at fixed intervals of every ten years. Only one ever returned, coming from forty lightyears. The data were nonsensical. Ten lightyears at 800L gives you 8000 lightyears, yet the RS was released at forty lightyears out. Nothing else has ever been heard of that expedition, even after 1600 years. Finally, about a thousand years ago a super expedition – really a predatory colonising venture – was organised that drew upon the resources of whole galaxies. The main ship was so big that it had a hundred distinct transport systems within it, both passenger and freight. They say it took almost an hour for one of these rail systems to traverse the ship, several hours to run its length. It had a population of over a half million, a network of families drawn from existing galactic transport systems. It was here five years, during which time we were contracted to supply it with fresh food, so that for once anyway I could run the Garden at full capacity. It finally left here with a media frenzy at its tail for the first week or so, as it accelerated, and it was never heard of again. Little or nothing since, a complete loss of interest.’
They are standing in a huge domed chamber, sunlight beaming in through the transparent dome, any number of consoles, screens, pull-outs, desks, chairs: all dark and silent. She looks dejected now as she continues:
‘What is out there? Two thousand years of thought, speculation, laboratory modelling, and the answer is silence. In truth, the phenomenon upended science, if only because the real question became: what is the universe if it is surrounded by an utterly incomprehensible nothingness. In a very real sense, myth took over again, and science went back to being what it always really was – technology – and none the worse for that, as many said. But a more significant result was that humanity began to turn in on itself, as though the limit had been reached. I was – and am – relatively indifferent to this aspect, but my husband took it very seriously. You’d need to study his papers, but he had them moved to Centrepoint for safety shortly before he passed on. What I do understand of his philosophy is this. Humanity is governed at present by two poles, life and what he called the End – some kind of final achievement that transcends life. He saw life solely in terms of growth, but figured as number, not as a power – as I do. So expansion is important in that case, a constant search for new sources of sustenance to maintain the ever-increasing numbers. What happens when life can no longer expand? Yes, it begins to feed on itself – which, if you think about it, it has always done. But now it consumes itself, which leads to a profound crisis for humanity, which has always harboured this other objective, that of achieving the End. At some point, this second objective comes to prominence, usually for many as a hope of salvation, but for the few who understand, it becomes their primary task. According to my husband, there has always been a secret stream of knowledge concerning the End, kept alive by occult societies down through the millennia. As I say, you would need to consult his archive if you are interested in this kind of thing.’
The woman is thoroughly dejected now, shoulders slumped, the coverall sagging in folds on her hips. She looks over at him, speaking out of a deep misery:
‘They have all gone now, Alain. I am the only one left here. But why was I left behind? Is it because I didn’t believe?’
He has no answer, of course, really just a visitor still. But he has the kindness to go over and take her by the elbow and lead back to the craft, back to her home quarters.
 
The woman is in better form by evening, having rested – on his advice – for an hour on a couch in the viewing room. He’s by no means a cook, but he does know enough about food to be able to knock a meal together for them both, tasting the strange vegetable and fruits, sampling her jars of dressings and sauces. She is put out at first to see the table laid, the big bowl filled with chopped fruit and veg, two dressings in glass crocks already on the table. He even found the beer store, and sampled there, too, until he could select a dark brew with a very hidden flavour, quite potent, so served in the small cups he found among the beakers.
She is still a bit huffy until he manages to get her to take a couple of mouthfuls of the beer, when she relents with very good grace and permits herself to taste the meal he had prepared for them both. He can see that she is not used to eating a meal prepared by another person, feeling upstaged, not used to being dependent in this way. He says at one point, to ease her, deliberately pointing to something as mundane as carrot on his plate:
‘Very good flavour, Marika. In my time, most vegetables have pretty well the same taste. How do you manage it under these artificial conditions?’
He’s not just humouring her: it is the sort of question he would have asked any time, part sociable, but part also sharing a good experience. She doesn’t look up as she answers him, a sign no doubt that she is unwilling to admit that the – for her – ploy has worked:
‘The seed came from Tingus Four, which has remained relatively unspoilt over the centuries. Just farming, no minerals, so it has been left to itself. My mother brought a number of strains of a whole variety of seed – both fruit and vegetable – and I have crossed them with other strains over the years. Actually, I’ve even managed to create a new variety of turnip here, smaller and sweeter, that is more suited to this environment.’
She stops suddenly and looks up at him.
‘It’s a pity you’re not a farmer or horticulturalist, Alain, for I made a number of significant advances here. There’s one, especially, a modification of an old variety of grape that I managed to adapt to the conditions here. It’s cultivated now on hundreds of planets and produces a very popular white wine.’
Afterwards, again at his suggestion, they sit in the armchairs across the room, still drinking the quiet beer, both feeling there is a state of repose for now. He sees her at one point touch the bug in her neck – which causes the lighting to lower – and this reminds him:
‘Machine, Marika? Why is it so important?’
She nods, then gets up and leaves the room, returning bearing the squat black flask in her free hand. He nods, signalling a kind of acceptance, trying at the same time to remember their earlier conversation – trying to remember why strong spirits would be needed now. She fills both cups, places the flask on the little table at her elbow, toasts him, then sits back and begins:
‘The history of mankind is a history of a struggle for survival, ruthless, uncompromising, and most of all continuous. Almost all material and ideological developments have come into being mainly to serve this struggle. Humanity’s venture into space merely extended this struggle, and because of the greater prizes, increased the ferocity and callousness of the wars. By the beginning of the fourth millennium of your era, Alain, it was not unusual for whole planets to be forcibly depopulated in the competition for mineral resources. And the rewards were very great, the Home Galaxy by the thirty sixth century was the site of several imperial realms that possessed wealth and resources unimaginable even a millennium before. There was a moment, some say around 3550, when some kind of equilibrium might obtain between these competing empires. But then in the fateful year of 3592, a rogue system – out at the very margin of the galaxy – managed to smuggle a new weapon into the Earth’s atmosphere. This weapon simply burned up all the oxygen, both free and trapped, of a planet. It took fourteen hours for the atmospheric oxygen of Earth to burn, by which time all life on the planet – vegetable and animal – was annihilated, including all ten billion humans. It took a further month to reduce the planet to a cinder, which it has remained ever since.
‘The shock of this outrage – though no longer among the wealthy and powerful planetary systems, Earth was still regarded as the centre of all human settlement and of whatever government was possible – was such that the initial response was a frenzy of war that rapidly descended into a chaotic barbarity. But such was the balance of power among the great empires that it was soon recognised that none could win, while everybody was losing both manpower and materials. So a conference was held on Signus Theta – a relatively neutral system – with the intention of working out some kind of practical settlement, preferable with some kind of compelling force. It hadn’t yet dawned on humanity just how significant the destruction of Earth was, this would take centuries to sink in. But it was recognised that mankind could no longer be trusted to rule itself, the forces and resources now available were too great. But there was also a development which simultaneously eased the pressure within the Home Galaxy. One of the very early fruits of the study of the remains of the advanced civilization was the development of the hyper light-speed drive, capable back then of reaching about 100L. It’s probable no coincidence – allowing for a transcendent benefactor, as my husband argued – that it was during this conference that news came of the success of the first trans-galactic flight. It was like releasing a pressure valve. So many became more concerned with conquering the nearby galaxies that the more considerate could quietly set about creating some kind of supervisor to temper the profound insecurity of mankind.
‘The solution almost proposed itself. Despite the appalling damage the various empires had done to each other, the automatic navigation, financial, and administrative systems remained untouched: after all, it was in nobody’s interest to damage them. And even where they were damaged by accident, it was discovered that the systems themselves had been programmed to create standby servers elsewhere within planetary systems, so they could continue their work unabated. It was also the case that these systems already communicated with each other, and also with local planetary information systems. A group of prominent specialists was directed to design an overarching command system, that could co-ordinate the entire network and at first, anyway, rationalise their operations vis-a-vis each other. The emphasis here is on overarching control that would act as a moderator rather than say as a director. The aim was to leave humans in control of their affairs, but to limit these simply through the operations of the entire network that these humans depended upon. If a state wanted to make a sudden attack on a neighbour, it could find that it had no means to undertake this. The idea here was to enforce – quite simply – second thoughts.
‘This monitoring system, called Machine, was set up in a surprising short time, though of course it would take several centuries of trial and error to get it right. Again, it is probably no accident that the Machine was finally inaugurated in 3692, one hundred years after the destruction of Earth. It was then decided that a new age should be established, to be called the Age of Machine – AM – but that the first year of AM should be set back at 3592 as a perpetual remembrance of what was by then regarded as the lowest point in human history. And so you see, Alain, Machine is not some devilish all-controlling robot – the stuff of science fiction for centuries – it needs data in order to balance the activities of us humans.’
They have had a number of cups of the brandy and by this time they are nicely inebriated, something he is grateful for. He has a question:
‘What year is this then, in your Age of Machine?’
She looks closely at him for a good while, something like affection, but also a sadness, there:
‘7589.’
He does the sum pretty quickly, saying afterwards:
‘I was down for eight thousand five hundred and eight years.’
He gets up carefully, laying the empty cup on the little table beside the husband’s armchair and sets off – unsteady when stray thoughts slip through his guard – through the kitchen and on to the son’s quarters. He lies out on the bed, numb, just numb with something like baffled wonder. And all the time there is only one question:
‘Why?’
 
The question is still being asked when he wakes up. He lies there considering it with an ambiguous dispassion: is he holding back or pressing forward? Why should a ten-year mission – intended to provide him with the means to further his research – turn into an eight and a half thousand year journey, just because of what he had been told was a fault? Not only that, but I end up in an age that seems to have no record of where I came from. So, either this is a delusion I have created to protect myself from some knowledge or experience that I cannot face, or else I have somehow stepped into a completely different reality or dimension, say a kind of parallel universe. I have no way of knowing, absolutely no way.
He is lying there thinking how wonderfully terrifying and strange this situation is, elated and truly fearful at the same time: a kind of abandon beckoning, as though he can finally let go of something that has held him prisoner for all his life – when the woman walks into the room and stands looking at him from the end of the bed. She says to him in a matter-of-fact tone:
‘I can live thousands of years and think nothing of it, so it’s hard for me to appreciate how you must feel, Alain. But you must appreciate that we too live out of time. My mother was content to live her natural life through – living to one hundred and forty three in her case – even though RIM was already available then. I think about her often, how great was her nerve to be able to face dying like that. Many of us stay alive now in case we might miss something. Not the novelty-seeking you might think it is, Alain, but really an expression of our fundamental dissatisfaction with our lives, a feeling that something better is possible. My husband did believe he had the solution to this, but I think people wanted a solution here, in this material life, not in some abstract blue yonder.’
She seems to deflate as she stops speaking, as though running out of interest or conviction. He has been listening to her, attending to her words closely, now he stretches out on the bed – an indication of some kind of release – and replies:
‘Well, what I think is this. Either I am in some kind of parallel universe, like the one I grew up in but with a different history, or else I am mad, living now in some kind of self-protective fantasy. I was tempted earlier to go out to the kitchen and stick a knife in my hand, to see if I was real. But at the same time, I know it doesn’t really matter what is going on. I am here and that’s that. But, you know, Marika, I still wonder why I am here? Why am I here with you – someone who happens herself to be all alone? Is it coincidence, or is it intended?’
He lets out a long breath – whether of relief or out of a sense of resignation, he doesn’t know – then rolls out of the bed and heads for the facilities, indifferent to the fact that he is naked in the presence of the woman. So he is relieved and washed and dried, returning to the bedroom feeling brighter in himself, glad in some obscure way that they have had that curious little conversation. The woman is not there, but one of her son’s garments is laid out prominently on the bed. The fabric is soft – with age, he suspects – organic, that strange light fabric again, a pale green in colour, otherwise just another coverall. But whatever else, it is extremely comfortable on his body, close and warm without clinging.
The kitchen is empty, the woman already at the table eating her breakfast. Again the grain and fruit and the thick dressing of some unknown fruit, orange juice in the beaker. They eat in silence together, both knowing enough has been said for now. Afterwards, she signals him to remain seated, while she disappears into the kitchen and returns almost immediately with a pair of lace-up boots in her free hand. They are for him today in place of the plastic sneakers he is wearing, a dense fabric material, light and flexible. She leads the way and he follows, out across the viewing room – the sunlight as ever shining down on the dead dry world outside – and then into the familiar corridor and on down into the Garden. This morning, she signals he is to follow her as she heads away to the right towards the large ramshackle shed he had seen her go towards the last time down here.
It is a very large structure, a relatively low ceiling for its extent, windows filling the walls along the main axis. He sees at once that it is some kind of seeding unit, long tables running in lines down the shed, flashes of new-green in places. And there are many machines here, moving among the table, their robotic arms with grabs and assorted tools busy everywhere. He stops in amazement, not out of any kind of interest in the work being carried on here, but just to see the sight of so much industry in what seems otherwise a left-behind world. He wants to express his wonder, but she stops him and signals he should follow her further. She crosses the shed and goes out a large opening on the other side, he following closely.
If the shed stunned him, what he sees now literally shakes him. The transparent enclosure here is much larger than the one on the other side of the shed, stretching away into the distance before him, and appreciably wide crossways. The land is flat, field after field laid out in orderly rows, greenery here, dark earth there, and among these the rich gold of ripe grain. There are many machines here too, different kinds of machine – for the different terrain – some on tracks busy down between the fields, others on stilts picking their way elegantly among the plants in some fields.
She has continued on over to a transparent booth and is bent over a console. He does follow now, but still cannot take his eyes off those machines, like a hundred farmers busy in their fields. So astonishing is this for him that he says to her bent back:
‘All the food they are producing here, Marika, what do you do with it?’
She’s finished doing whatever it was she was doing and so can straighten slowly, stiffly, and turn to him – the expression in her eyes new to him, a busy woman at a busy moment – and says:
‘Oh, we export it all, nearly all. We have contracts to fulfil, with processing centres across the local galaxy.’
Then she walks past him, her stick thunking on the hard compacted soil underfoot, and is waving briskly at what he sees is one of the stilted machines that is approaching them. It stops by her and hunkers down in a graceful way, first the forward stilts bending at their joints, then the back stilts bending to bring the body of the machine down to ground level. There are four seats occupying the flat top of this machine – arranged two by two – together with a small control panel within reach of the front right seat. She clambers up, awkward for her but done with some strong practiced movements, and then she signals that he should occupy the front left seat beside her. She indicates that he should buckle the lap strap – something he appreciates once she sets the machine in motion.
They are tilted one way then another, but the machine moves with a steady grace as it raises itself to full height and sets off across the nearest field, which he sees is filled with what must be a vegetable, bushy green heads in tightly packed rows. She is consulting a small screen on the console – different coloured lights here and there on what must be an overview of the entire field layout, the status of each field represented by means of these lights. Now she taps one of the lit points and the machine changes direction stepping out onto a clear pathway between fields and moving now with greater speed over the open terrain. The sway of the machine’s body has a changed rhythm now, but it is still steady. The woman leans back and turns to him to say with conversational ease:
‘We have the Garden running at about sixty-six percent capacity, enough to fill existing contracts. With no one here now, it was necessary to look to other markets to find buyers. Yes, Alain, I wanted to continue working – what else was there for me to do? But I also love this work, working with these industrious machines. Just look at them. Each has a specific task to do and I am confident that it will be done efficiently and punctually. And all the time, Alain, the power of growth is there. Look for yourself. Can you not feel it around you? I can feel that growth, feel it in my worn out limbs, in my sagging old body, rising and rising. I tell you, if I could run this Garden for eternity, this great mysterious power would still be pressing on with no slacking in its power.’
The machine has reached the field she had indicated on the screen and is poised at its edge, facing diagonally across it, giving the woman the most comprehensive view. She is nodding, muttering to herself – the Translator intelligent enough to know that this does not need to be translated for him – then she punches some of the numbers at the bottom of the screen and issues what are obvious a string of instructions – no doubt to one machine or another. She now speaks to him, though keeping her eyes on the screen:
‘This is Korfud wheat, never planted here before. They want to try it over in the Lonfows system as an animal feed. But it is very temperamental, and I’m not convinced it will be happy here – too much blue light.’
She works the little screen again and the machine reverses, turning with its easy grace, and then sets off back up between the fields. The woman details the crops in the fields, here barley, then oats and then wheat, a long field of cabbages followed by turnips and carrots in later fields. The machine stops at the end, beside the little booth, but the woman sits on, resting back again, as she tells him:
‘You may wonder what happens to all this good food. Well, Alain, let me tell you. It will all be processed, reduced to its constituent parts, and then reassembled as synthetic grain and vegetable matter. You see, it is a fact that life always – but always – begets death, so that the only way to introduce any kind of eternality is to remove the life principle. Some still rail against this practice, using it to prove the callousness of technology and science. But in fact it is necessary in our age. While we can transport human beings across whole galaxies without a loss of a moment of their lives, we cannot do that with vegetative matter; we cannot put it down as we can people. So it is transported frozen, but it will remain living in this way for a limited period only, which restricts the distance it can be transported without rotting. The produce from here can be transported only to local systems. There it is processed as I have described and then it can be transported throughout the universe without harming the quality of the product. You see? Many planets do produce their own food, but some – cold, airless bodies rich in metals – must be supplied from without. And yes, people there live almost entirely on artificial food, but they survive even so. My husband once told me – in passing – that our bodies in any case strip the life element from the food we eat and replace it with our own life force. This might be true – I have no way of knowing – but every instinct in my body tells me that food in any case should have its own life element, whether my body strips it out or not.’
Now she touches the screen and the machine begins to hunker down, so that they both can descend to the ground. The machine then straightens up and walks carefully across to what must be its holding bay, where it extends a cable into what is a socket of sorts on a post at its side. He watches, still fascinated by it, then turns to the woman and says:
‘What a beautiful machine. You know, I never thought I would have reason to say that.’
She smiles, nodding her head:
‘And you wouldn’t believe that it has worked here for over fifteen hundred years, would you?’
He smiles in turn:
‘At this stage, Marika, I am prepared to believe anything you tell me. This is an age of wonders for me, who has slept for over eight thousand years.’
He sees that she likes his ironic humour, something that pleases him, though she herself is not particularly humorous: it allows another part of him come to the surface here. She sets off past him, reaching her free hand to pat him on the shoulder, saying:
‘Come now. Seeing that you like wonders, let me show you another one.’
She leads the way back to the seeding shed, turning right in there, heading to a door set in naked rock. This proves to be an elevator, which takes them up quite a way into a round brightly lit area. The transparent shield is a full hemisphere, sited on top of a low hill, thus allowing unrestricted views of the surrounding terrain. He thinks he should gasp – if this is the wonder – but he has seen as much on Zargon’s moons, both facing the home planet and gaping into the star-filled yonder. She is watching him closely, a hint of amusement in her eyes – an index of how well she is getting to know him, the cool intellectual – waiting until he joins her at this particular angle. And when he does she steps off to one side, still watching him rather than the spectacle he is going to see just now.
He does gasp this time. The best he can manage at first is:
‘It’s big.’
She is smiling now, watching him trying to fit himself to what he is looking at. Yet she is impressed by how intently he looks out, realising that his mind is dealing with this phenomenon in a way she finds strange: as though he can in some way go behind the apparently weird planet that hangs low in the sky there. So she is finally pushed to asking him, her interest in this question now greater than watching him simply reacting:
‘What are you seeing, Alain?’
He starts, looks at her, seeing how penetrating her eyes are just now, so many years and lives there – as though she is seeing something new here. He measures this response of hers and says:
‘There had to be something to relief the monotony, yes?’
Her continued look tells him that the irony has failed this time. And she proves this by saying:
‘You have no idea, Alain, what a spectacle this big bag of gas is. For that we must wait until tomorrow evening.’
Now that does throw him, bringing him to drop his guard:
‘But how can that exist in this little system? I’d say it has as much energy as the sun up there, and that it is not a lot smaller.’
She relents too, nodding in agreement:
‘Oh, there are any number of theories, one of which might prove right someday. There are only two planetary bodies in this system, this rock and that very large firework. No one knows how the whole system balances out. This rock should either be a moon of the gas giant or should long ago have been pulled into it. Some argue that the system should be a binary, the sun and the gasbag struggling to absorb each other. But the whole thing has been running like clockwork since we came here two and half thousand years ago.’
There is a feeling of anti-climax now between them, as though neither has handled this little show very well. The woman feels especially that she should make this up for him, seeing him just now very flat in himself, even verging on boredom. And this is true. He is not a man for spectacle, certainly not material spectacle. If your own mind is in orbit – as it were – around a statement like: that it is, and cannot not be, then big gas planets fizzling with all kinds of colourful energies are hardly likely to impress you. He can look at any of the woman’s plants with more interest, balancing her attachment to their life-being with his own attempt to grasp their actuality: balancing the woman’s grasp of the potential eternality of life as a force with his own grasp of what bears that life-being. As he sees it, life might be potentially eternal but it is nevertheless contingent: something must have preceded life and it must also therefore survive life. Not just the chemicals and minerals that constitute the bodies of life, not even the soul and spirit that some postulate as necessary constituents of the living body, but some greater principle, something that just is.
They are by now down in the shed, standing side by side looking out over the hundreds of seed trays. She knows exactly when he comes back. She tips his arm and they set off out of the shed back into the wooded area, the other enclosure of the Garden. She says with a surprising intimacy – given just how far away from her he has been for the last while:
‘I need to be reborn, Alain.’
He laughs out at that, making a connection that she cannot grasp, so she continues hurriedly, seeing how charm doesn’t work with him at all:
‘No, I must go to Midway soon. The question is, what do you want to do?’
The connection he is making is this: he has always thought of is-ness as a kind of stone, mainly in order to grasp the idea of inertness, of not moving. He has just seen the woman, old and overweight, as a statue, a very beautiful statue at that, moving through an empty space at great speed. The irony here is of the best sort, two-way with ambiguity – who is being deflated: the woman reborn or himself longing for reality. He looks at her now with eyes that seek to penetrate her and replies, reasonably enough, he the stranger here:
‘What do you think I should do?’
She nods, satisfied with that answer. She takes his arm and draws him on, saying:
‘Yes, we should discuss this later, after dinner.’
 
Their evening meal is as satisfying as ever, the beer this time with more presence, even muscular. It does inebriate mildly, balancing the renewal of energy provided by the food. He can see the sense in this, the woman seeking to provide something like buoyancy for them both: perhaps an end in the road coming.
This is very clear afterwards when the woman indicates the armchairs and then disappears into the kitchen and returns bearing the familiar tray with the black flask and two little drinking bowls. She sits herself down in her armchair, pours the old brandy into the bowls, passes one to him, both toast then sip, after which she says:
‘Let me explain first, Alain. I am one hundred and eighty three years of age. I have about ten years of life left in me. Before you appeared here, I had given serious thought to the question of whether I should undergo RIM again. I had been a very long time here alone and I had come to the conclusion that nobody was ever again going to attempt to conquer the dark nothingness out there, so that there was no reason for hanging on here any longer. I should tell you that I was not downhearted about this decision, really I was just sad. I had lived a very long life – over two thousand years – and it had been a useful and rewarding life, with a good husband and a loyal son, and with the respect of the people I had known over the centuries. But then you suddenly appeared here, Alain, not many days ago, coming it still seems to me as though from nowhere. And you are such a different kind of person. I will allow that this is partly due to the fact that you have survived from a much earlier age – over eight thousand years ago, as you have calculated – but you have an outlook on life that is completely new to me. My husband was different – at least in terms of what I value – a kind of mystic, full of impossible knowledge that was sometimes quite strangely coherent. But your knowledge is very different, Alain. To begin with, I suspect it can be fully stated in a few sentences, if not in just one sentence. My husband’s knowledge was seemingly vast. There was hardly a subject upon which he did not have an alternative point of view – to call it that – that pointed to a complete different reality from the one in which we lived. If I remember rightly just now – mildly under the influence as I am – I gave you an example today, in how he saw the process of simply absorbing food in such a way different to my own understanding. Now I listened to my husband without ever seeking to either contradict or question his opinions. I did not know where he got this knowledge from – either from others or from secret writings perhaps, or from his own insight – nor did I feel that I had – or could have – access to such knowledge, but I did respect both his intelligence and his integrity to the extent that I was obliged to respect this knowledge also.
‘Apologies if I seem to spend too much time on my husband’s knowledge – I have live with it for a very long time – but I want to make clear the kind of balance that existed between us. You know by now something of my view of life. It too can be summed up in a few sentences, and that is because it is based not on learning but on experience. Every day of my life I have witnessed the phenomenon of life and have seen how endlessly the force of life presses on and on. Now, Alain, that is how I witnessed to life for two millennia, until, that is, you came and permitted be to see deeper into its mystery. Let me first try to characterise how I understand you, Alain. You can correct me later if you wish. We live in a universe of movement, everything is in movement, either out of its own volition or under the impress of another power. Even life itself is just another movement within this universe – though it is a power, I believe, with its own fully autonomous volition. But you, Alain, you wish to be motionless, completely still. You are not even like a rock, which though without its own motion, is even so under motion induced by another power. I thought at first that you wished to be something like the still centre of a circling universe, motionless in a universe of motion. But not even that is sought by you: were you to achieve your aim of complete stasis, this universe would disappear. You see, Alain, you wish to be utterly still in a void, no doubt dark and silent…’
It is just at this point that he raises his hand, he also inebriated enough to be wilful under such circumstances. He smiles the sweetest smile she has even seen him smile and obviously quotes:
‘I should have been a pair of ragged claws
Scuttling across the floors of silent seas.’
He smiles for her again, a curious triumph evident, then gets up and pours them both from the flask, sits again, toasts her and sips. She should be nonplussed, but she is not. Instead she has the good sense to continue, allowing an unfamiliar impulse to come to the surface:
‘You are alone, Alain, profoundly alone, but you are not lonely. That is a mystery about you that I can only comprehend if you too have based your thought on experience, a particular experience. But I will confess here to you that I don’t know what that experience is – or was. Fair enough. But that is not my point here now. You see, what I learned most from you in the last days has to do with the idea of eternality. My understanding of the force of life as a constant power – expressed fulsomely in the Garden here – implies, had I thought about it, that life is potentially immortal. Now, I would not have considered life in this context – if only because I have never occupied myself with the concept of immortality, which seemed to me to be a kind of superstition before now – until I recognised that you, a better educated person than me, do believe in the idea of immortality. It is the foundation of your idea of utter stillness: the idea that something exists outside life itself, that is greater than life. I’ve already admitted that I don’t know what kind of experience brought you to this knowledge, nor do I need to know. But what this idea of the immortality of life has done is to give me a motive for staying alive, for undergoing RIM yet again.
‘There. I think I have managed to explain myself. What we need to do now is work out what you should do. Allow me to think this through, after all I know this age and its possibilities better than you. In your life before you undertook the mission that had the effect of bringing you here, you were – from what I understand of the note you left on the ship you arrived in – still studying at a university. According to Machine, a university was anciently a place of learning in which gathered like-minded individuals to study advanced subjects utilising the resources of the libraries and teachers of such an institution. There are no longer such places in this age. Learning is undertaken by individuals on a voluntary basis, who have access to all the resources of Machine, which are universe-wide and so comprehensive. The degree of automation is such that everyone is free to follow his or her own inclination, to work or not to work, to learn or not to learn. Incidentally, you might be interested to know that under this voluntary system, there is always an adequate workforce, adequately distributed through all the skills and specialist trainings required for the efficient running of our universe-wide system. For your part, you are free to continue your studies here or wherever suits you best anywhere in the universe. You will be supplied with whatever accommodation, transport and special resources you might require. You will need only inform Machine in the first instance, after which an assistant will be created for you, to attend to all your needs. Of course, Alain, should you wish for another life style, then that too can be arranged just as easily.
‘I realise I have taken quite a while to say all this – and we have drunk a few cups of this fine brandy – so perhaps you will want to reflect on what I’ve said before replying. If you want, we can leave that till tomorrow. For my part, arranging for the RIM at Midway will not take long, once we have agreed a course of action for you.’
Finished speaking, she sits on looking over at him with some interest. He, for his part, sits looking down into the now empty bowl in his right hand, lips pursed as though he might whistle. Then he nods to himself, looks up at the woman, saying:
‘No. I think we should thrash this out now and get it over with.’
He steps over and takes up the flask, proffers it to her, fills her bowl then his own, toasting her before taking a longish sip of the brandy. He is inebriated, but it has a collegy feel, when he could talk through the night until one or more of the company slumped, drunk. Anyway, he sits down – very careful to look where he is going – takes another sip and begins:
‘Well, Marika, we would need to have this talk sooner or later. In truth, I have given no thought to the future yet, if only because I have not yet fully grasped just what has happened to me. This is complicated by the fact that this world – universe – of yours has already had quite a profound effect on me, which your characterisation of me just now has helped to crystallise. So thank you for that. Now, there are two elements involved here for me: one, where will I live, and two, what will I do. As for the first, I would – with your agreement, of course, Marika – like to continue to live here. Not necessarily with you, I hasten to add, but near you. So what I propose as a solution for the first issue is that I remain living here for the duration. No doubt I can keep myself busy while you are being treated at Midway.’
She holds her hand up here to forestall him, waits while he subsides and transfers his attention to her, before saying softly:
‘Alain, I will be gone for over seventy years. Midway is far away from the edge of the universe. This means that you would be almost a hundred years old by the time I returned.’
This news jolts him, so that he looks completely dismayed, even a little frightened. She leans towards him to signal that she has more to add:
‘What I suggest is that you come with me to Midway. There, while I am being treated – which will take several days – you can think about what it is you want to do.’
Now he is very uncomfortable, giddy and drunk. He wants to sink down and cry, just like a little boy. He cannot stop the rising sense of complaint: why me? Why has this happened to me?
It is all he can do to get up from the armchair and literally feel his way through the kitchen, down the corridor to someone else’s quarters, where he simply collapses face down on someone else’s bed. He feels he is way beyond the possibility of dying, like he is in some sort of negative reality: not dead, but not alive either.
 
Waking up: like a door opening on a reality he is not prepared for, that he couldn’t be prepared for. He is lying on his back under the cover, naked, arms down by his side. He knows he should be hung-over, but he is not. He has a sudden thought, really an insight: this is what it is like being born. Like a screen is drawn back on a stage that is at once totally strange and yet totally familiar. He wonders if he has ever seen this look on a baby’s face, that mixture of surprised greeting, face alight yet not comprehending. He has. He knows it is a memory of his own face, while he knows also that he could not have a memory like that. Then he knows: that was the expression on his mother’s face whenever she saw him: she seeing both the familiar and strange at the same time in her beloved little boy.
He has the objectivity to think: what a sweet memory to have, all the better for at last understanding what he saw back then, and saw so often. And his own response back then? A simple question: who am I that I deserve such a loving look? And he asks it again now – realising he has asked it of himself every second of his life: who am I that I can be loved by another?
Now he can open his eyes. The woman is standing at the foot of the bed, studying him. He lies there looking back at her, feeling he has nothing to say yet. This seems to suit her fine, for she nods and then moves away, saying simply:
‘Breakfast.’
He takes this as an instruction, gets out of the bed, stands erect and shudders. It is only now that he can accept that this is another reality. He will never again take a flivver down to the university, go to his desk in the library, look at a book or two before finding someone to have coffee with. He will never again speak to his mother once a week, reassuring her that he is still alive and well, never hear about his father’s doings again, about how everyone loves him. Most of all, he will never meet with Trasina in the evening, to eat together, talk together, to make love together.
He is relieved and washed and dried quickly, finds a blue garment lying on the end of the bed, dons it and heads out to the kitchen. The woman has a surprise for him:
‘You eat bread?’
He does. He is surprised just how much of a difference that makes: soft white bread spread with a curious greeny-red fruit conserve very tasty this morning. How obedient he feels, like he is living someone else’s life now, his own lost over eight thousand years ago. This feels factual, yet he knows it is nonsense: he is merely in a holding pattern, like an actor awaiting his cue. And even so he remembers something very clearly: remembers the woman talking about immortality as though she knew what that was. He says to her, she sitting opposite him at the table – also eating the bread, but with the kind of diffidence that says she doesn’t really like it:
‘You know you cannot live immortality, like you could go to bed and get up in the morning for ever?’
She answers almost immediately, as though she too has been thinking about this matter:
‘Is there any other way, Alain?’
He knows there is, but he won’t tell her, if only because she would find it banal. And yet he does tell her:
‘You are already immortal, Marika.’
She is so surprised to hear this that she simply laughs out, a shouty laugh that reveals that she is not a laughing person either. He won’t be drawn, content to let that particular seed find ready soil in her: if it is, then it cannot not be. So simple, so confounding. At the same time he is very aware that this is another reality now, perhaps a bit mad by the standards of Yortbort eight and a half thousand years ago. In this new reality: what he thinks is true. There’s no other choice now, no evasion is possible. Then he has the word for this new state:
Paranoia.
 
When he finally gets over that realisation – that he is by definition insane – he finds that he is out in the huge viewing room, viewing the stark, over-lit world outside. There is the super-bright rock throwing back an abundance of light from the hidden sun almost directly above him – he aware now of the very slight blue cast to the light, which he had first noticed out on the lake. Then there is the super-dark sky, no stars, just nothing and more nothing.
It is a very curious experience to look out on nothing. There is nothing there and yet you can see that there is nothing there: surely a contradiction of some sort in that experience. He even wonders how far he is seeing into the nothing out there, how far did the ships that went out there get. He knows the woman is in the room now, over to his left and just behind him. He asks her:
‘How far did those ships get, do you know?’
She answers immediately, her voice strong this morning for some reason:
‘The data read ten lightyears or so, but the time involved would indicate about a hundred plus lightyears.’
He is suddenly light-headed, as though he is extending out into the nothing now. Even so, he has a curious idea:
‘What if distance out there is logarithmic?’
‘What is that?’
‘Actually, it’s not the right way to put it. Think of nothingness as something that gets denser the more you push into it, especially at high speeds. Can you see that, Marika, like a slope that gets more and more steep, so you need more power to maintain your speed, or else your speed would drop if the power available remained constant. But not really like that either, otherwise that return ship you told me about would have reported such stronger resistance. As it is, it seems that the crew of the expedition ship didn’t notice any change from their perspective.’
She has come to stand beside him, looking out on the void above the cliffs in the distance. She nudges his arm with the hand that holds her stick:
‘Would you like to walk out there, Alain?’
The idea galvanises him, then it bores him. Even so, he would like to do it, so he nods:
‘If that is possible, yes.’
She walks around behind him, touching his shoulder, this time with her free hand:
‘Well, come this way. My husband used to do it sometimes. You’ll find the marked trackway that he had laid out, which will bring you to a viewing point he discovered. And no, I have never been out there, never wanted to. My son was the same, said it was just a wasteland.’
He follows her across the viewing room into the by now familiar corridor. This time, however, she opens a entranceway on the left side of the corridor, which leads into a round chamber, with a slightly raised platform at its centre. She indicates that he should undress, laying the coverall in a shallow alcove in the wall by the door. She then fetches a pair of sturdy boots, shiny white surface flashing in the steady light of the room, tells him to put them on but not to seal them. Next she draws him over to the raised platform and gets him to stand at its centre, arms extended fully at his sides. She open a small panel in the wall, presses a few lit points on the screen there. A sheet of the shiny white material drops onto him from the ceiling and swiftly enfolds his entire body, until it covers him snugly from tip to the boots, where it presses down around his ankles. He finds that it is remarkably thin and supple, feeling that his naked body is fully outlined by it. The woman now bends and seals the boots. Finally she takes a device from a cabinet beside the open panel and pushes it through the material at his mouth. She presses the surface of the device and it seems to spread out in some way, as though the material itself can expand, until it masks his entire face, rendering the covering there transparent. The woman signals him to move, explaining as he steps forward with for him an unexpected ease:
‘It will supply you with air and heat. No, don’t ask me how. There is also a radio element, which will keep you in contact with me. So, all you have to do now is walk over towards that door that has opened there. It is an airlock, that will let you out. Enjoy your walk.’
 
He is only a few seconds out in the open, two steps away from the airlock, when he finds himself yelping the loudest he can manage – something he could never have done among the self-respecting neighbours back on Zargon, or even among the self-observant denizens of the university on Yortbort. Just now – still reeling with the shock – he wishes there was someone he could tell what it is like to stand apparently naked, except for a thin sheet of some kind of plastic, under an equatorial sun on an airless planet out at the edge of nowhere. There’s a little graphic on display just to the left of his vision that shows the temperature gradient along his body, white for very hot at his feet, blue-black for very very cold at his head. His scrotum has shrunk – but only out of shock – his body otherwise very comfortable.
Now he must move. The sheath moves with his body, very little resistance, yet feeling like a kind of armour that has the effect of making him feel invincible – like he might brave any kind of challenge. He is surprised by this sense of false courage – not what he would expect of himself – but he does see behind this bravado that he is possessed by a sense of freedom that is ultimately frustrating. It is as though he can do anything he wants, while yet knowing that there is nothing in this material actuality that he wants to do, or that he needs to do. He wonders now if this is the kind of frustration that haunts mankind out here in the universe. He had long ago recognised that the metaphysics he studied was developed by thinkers who were materially and mentally restricted in ways unknown to him, who had no power machines, no distance communications, for whom the fastest speed possible for them could be achieved only by jumping off a high cliff. And he has the learned perspective by now to realise that as mankind gained speed and command of immense distances, so also did their imaginations shrink, gods and heavens replaced by super-weapons and money, angels becoming cosmetics, heroes falling to earth as testosterone. The thick book that out of some hidden instinct he had brought all the way here with him marks the moment when imagination finally failed: a last wearisomely pedantic attempt to hold onto the old vision of an Absolute, even as the means used betrayed this vision – mechanical reasoning obsessively applied through a long string of failed metaphors, a desperate last attempt to capture the Sublime with words alone.
He is not surprised that, let loose in this cosmic wonderland of unrestricted light and dark, he finds himself mulling over what is now dead knowledge. He is standing some distance from the wall of rock behind which the old woman lives and works, out on the clear trackway – little red markers at intervals marking its path – facing the dazzling cliffs – soaring higher than was apparent from within the viewing room – the sky above utterly black in all directions, despite the glaring sun shining straight down on him. He knows he can summarise the past as he has just done because in a very real sense he is standing outside the technological world that succeeded it: the advanced technology that protects him from this deadly environment notwithstanding. Here he feels that he stands alone at the edge of that Absolute, mad perhaps but free at last.
Then he is deflated, as though waking from a dream, wondering why he bothered to seek this spectacle. He is looking around as he thinks this and catches sight of the gas giant low in the sky to his right, fizzing just as he had seen it do the previous day. He would turn back now, except that he thinks that the woman encouraged him to do this as a relief from the stress he is undergoing. Explaining – or trying to explain – why he returned now is more trouble than walking on to the viewpoint she mentioned. So he walks on, looking around him like a tourist, in case the woman can see him. Strictly speaking, there is either a lot to see – sharp edged cliffs soaring left right and centre, deep gullies also – or nothing to see – plain pale rock over-lit by naked sunlight. Could be either: let it be an index of his state of being that he doesn’t care one way or the other. Then it is the end of the track – with, of all things, sturdy seating for two – and beyond all this there is an extra deep gully, sun shining far down into it, shining also on some mineral rocks down there, which flash back vivid green lightings.
He sits in one of the seats, looking down at this flashing light. He’s not bothering to work out why there is flashing light – after all, nothing is moving around here, no air for wind, just inert rock unmoved no doubt for countless millennia. No, he is thinking of accident: strange how the very strict natural laws that govern the material realm still manage to result in nothing more than a vast gatherum of accidents. There has to be a deep truth in that fact, though he cannot see it at the moment, if only because it is not in his field of study. And then there is the phenomenon of life in all its variety, how it negotiates this realm of accident: one set of laws here pitted against the accidental product of another set of laws. But he does appreciate this much: how being in this nowhere place at the very edge of nowhere gives him such a perspective. He can understand the bitter laughter of some of the ancient philosophers, at least those who undertook to make sense of this absurdity. And how others invoke gods out of a sheer desperate desire for some kind of order, as though blaming this mess on some deity improved matters in any way.
He feels better now, having plumbed some pit within himself, even if it is only a kind of self-pity. Yet he is both sardonic enough – and still sentimental – to wish he had brought a flower or some other offering to toss down into the ravine, where it would lie forever, or at least till the end. Yes, he does feel much better now. Perhaps the woman is wiser than he allows, if only out of a greater knowledge of this world. He says, as an acknowledgement, assuming she will hear it in her own language:
‘A place to see, Marika. Thanks for arranging it for me.’
A minor crackle, then her voice in his ears:
‘My husband said it eased the burden of his soul. He said it was like the end of a road.’
He has begun to walk back along the track, but he turns and looks to see only the sharp edges of the ravine, its depths out of his sight now:
‘Yes. That was a good way to describe it. For me, Marika, I would say I saw everything at once.’
And he sees that his soul was eased: he can feel it as though a bird flying up out of water, a curiously scrambled image but even so true. Now he can walk in peace, eyes more on the track ahead than the spectacle around him, conscious of the even compress of the suit that protects him, feeling for now like a beloved child.
 
Unencumbering the suit is almost the exact reverse of the donning process. The woman presses the surface of the mask and it folds back on itself in some way, and the material that has hugged his body closely unwraps itself and is drawn up to the ceiling as an unmarked sheet. The boots he removes himself before dressing again. When he turns to leave this circular chamber, he finds the woman standing just behind him, her arms outstretched as though she would enfold him. At first seeming strange but then making obscure sense, he allows her arms to encircle him and draw him in tightly again her bulk. He hesitates, but then he too embraces her, not tightly, but firm enough to indicate his assent to this gesture. Then she steps back and surveys him before saying:
‘I know you are an intellectual, Alain, but you do have a great soul as well.’
This does move him, and all he can do is bow his head in mute acknowledgement.
Then she leads him back to her quarters, to sit him at the table. He is still mute, but this time it is the strangeness of his expedition outside that entrances him. In memory, that ice-cold world with its bright cliffs and deep ravine shadows, the abiding blackness above, seems now an impossible experience – he seated dressed in the thin overall and familiar sneakers in a warm lighted room. The contrast is eating at him, his mind so removed from his body just now that he feels it might, just might, communicate itself to him. What might it say, he wonders abstractly, assuming as he does that his mind can only speak the true. Then the woman returns bearing two beakers, filled – as it will turn out – with a heated juice flavoured with a rich undertone that he will regard as woody, but without being able to name the wood. She sits facing him as they together patiently work their way through this drink, both experiencing together how it raises their spirits while calming their bodies. When they have drunk, she leans forward slightly to catch his eyes and asks:
‘Have you decided yet what to do? I plan to leave tomorrow for Midway – that is now arranged – and if you wish to stay here then I can put you down until I return. But Machine advises that you discuss your prospects with someone first.’
Has he been thinking about his future here? Of course not, he has no future, no more than he now has a past. There is just this moment, this eternal moment when he might…
‘I’m not sure how this will sound to you, Marika, or for that matter to Machine, but I have no sense of future now. If I can arrange this: what I would like to do is find someplace in the universe where I can abide in complete stillness. Let the place be dark and silent, let me abide in a single instant of pure…’
He gets up from the table and walks out through the kitchen into the corridor, and on down to her son’s quarters, where he lies out flat on her son’s bed and closes his eyes. A floating thought before he falls asleep – or whatever that state is to be called:
Mind is a Dark Sun shining on Nothing.
 
He awakens feeling very much refreshed, a sense that he has crossed some bridge – perhaps the last echo of a dream he has just now forgotten. He goes in to the kitchen, finding the woman there bent over a largish cubical device. She turns her head to smile for him, explaining:
‘I thought we would have a kind of celebration meal. But it is so long since I have done this that you will have to forgive me now for any mistakes I might make.’
He walks around her, heading towards the other room, smiling in return, saying fluently:
‘No, no, Marika. I’m sure it will be up to your usual high standards. I look forward to it.’
Seeing that the table has not yet been laid, he returns to the kitchen and fetches the various things that are needed, plus two glasses – obviously very special, given the woman’s expression as she indicates them to him – which he uses to lay the table in good order. He is not restless, but anticipation prompts him to stay away from the table until the meal is ready. He doesn’t want to go on into the viewing room – the view no longer interests him – so instead he just walks up and down the room between the table and the armchairs, hands behind his back. Whatever he might have in mind to do – stay down in Outpost for over seventy years or go with the woman to Midway – the feeling of departure is very strong, that underlying sentimentality in him coming to the surface again. It’s like he is trying to work up a scenario this time. He can still see Trasina and her despondent wave, her lovely air flying up behind her in the wind. Is there ever a good way to say goodbye – probably the most negative experience open to mankind? It’s not the departure itself that is the problem – just face forward and move on – it’s severing a connection between people that he feels just now, in his present state of mind, reaches down into whatever centre humanity shares. And afterwards there is this torn bit that trails out behind you, one for every goodbye that’s final.
Even he can see that this line of thought is a bit extreme, but he is saved the burden of rationalising it by the entry of the woman bearing a large covered bowl in both hands, she balancing it carefully against her limp. He has never seen her smile – which has a very pleasant effect on her features – nor has he ever seen such a wistful expression in her eyes, as she tells him to sit in to the table. The fragrance from the bowl is unusual, both nutty and a grainy resinous quality balanced by a low thin bitterness. Now she reappears holding up a tall bottle, dark where there is liquid but a violet glint in the glass itself near her hand that holds it. She sits in too, a quiet excitement replacing the earlier melancholy, and explains that this is a wine from a distant system, stored here for over eight hundred years. He can’t believe that a wine could survive that long, but it has, though he suspects that a more experienced palate than his would better appreciate it’s subtleties. A casual drinker would spit it out; he holds the first mouthful until it has warmed, sensing how the flavour changes, from a grainy, even sour, front to a placid severity middle across the width of his tongue, and on to a curranty weight against his throat. He now allows the lively liquid enter his throat, then the wine speaks to him, a wave of a thin yellow sun-like freshness, that is so completely unexpected that he cries out.
The woman is very pleased by his response. She toasts him and then drinks from her glass. He sees that she is rotating the liquid in her mouth, eyes closed, sucking a thin stream of air in through parted lips a number of times. Then she swallows and sits still, eyes still closed, and he sees the skin on the back of the hand that holds the glass redden momentarily. She sits on unmoving for a while, then says:
‘Neither my son nor my husband liked this wine. My husband said there was too much work and my son thought he was too young for it. But you must reawaken the spirit of the wine first, then allow it enter you fully. You had the good sense to hold it awhile in your mouth – but you should offer it some encouragement, it has slept for a very long time – and then let it enter you at its own pace. You were used to good living, neither my husband or son were: we lived too plainly here. But that is how it is for farmers like me, Alain, we live with what we grow, and so can live with everything that has grown.’
He’s thinking that if this is what a celebration in this future is like then he can understand her husband’s judgement that it demands a lot of work. Even so, he manfully tries a second mouthful of the ancient wine, following the woman’s ritual as closely as he dares. The flavourings are somewhat flatter this time, less sour, less severe, less dust, but where there had been a pallid yellow sun-like sensation the first time, now there is nothing less than a full-on nova – so intense within him that he momentarily sees a brilliant blue-white light as though bursting up out of his body – that feels as though it is frying his skin. Then it is calm, a sensation of opalescence within him, a peacefulness like cream flowing on ice.
She actually laughs out this time, saying with unusual hilarity:
‘See, my young friend, what a wine can learn if left alone in the dark for a millennium.’
Then it is to the food: a pie-like preparation, a crust of an oaten-potato-like texture, somewhat bland on the tongue, the filling a mixture of red and blue fruits and vegetables, the flavouring in part mint, elsewhere something like a grainy cinnamon, all extremely edible. He notices the woman has left the wine to one side, so he does likewise, they both concentrating on the food, the aftermath of the wine still present, like a queen at the head of the table, the afterglow suggesting the regality.
After this main course, the woman brings in a jelly-like preparation as a dessert. But first she raises her glass to him, so that he too must quaff the wine again. He is brace for the firework, but instead, the wine is quite lean on his fruited palate, a sweetness that seems inappropriate for some reason – he looks up at the woman, but she merely sweeps her hand – but which slowly becomes more focussed as an almost peppery slow acid just before it enters his throat. Still braced for the firework, he experiences instead something more like low tide at nightfall, the warm water sucking at the fine grains of sand. Of course, this complex sensation makes no sense to him, yet that is what he feels, the water rolling in the pit of his stomach, the golden sand where his heart might otherwise be.
The woman’s smile this time has a teasing quality, her head cocked to one side, obviously enjoying his confusion. She says, taking up the spoon that will allow her enjoy the dessert:
‘The universe is a big place, Alain. It allows for a lot of strangeness.’
He is thankful that the jelly is relatively harmless – though he finds he is prepared to be surprised – a rather bland concoction that slides down his throat with absolutely no presence at all. Except, of course, when it reaches his stomach and encounters the food already there. The best description he has is of a forest fire, in this case a hasty fire that consumes everything in its path in minutes. The woman waits until they have finished the dessert before telling him:
‘However you decide about what you will do tomorrow, you will be going down. So we must be sure that nothing remains in your digestive system that can rot over the years to come. Otherwise, Alain, you would wake up a very sick man. It would be an unpleasant experience, I assure you.’
Not so much an anti-climax as a full-stop: body sober and steady as a rock, and yet his head still spins with left-over weirdness. It’s like he is stepping from one room to another, one brightly lit, the other dark, and is always stepping through, always in a place that is both bright and dark. Not a matter of perspective, dark in one direction, bright in another: no, the place is simultaneously bright and dark, as though at some fundamental level there is no difference.
This curious state is interrupted when the woman reappears from the kitchen, this time bearing a tray with a pot and two cups. She calls the liquid a tea, but he has never seen a blue tea before, even if it does comes from another faraway system, growing on a planet with a unique atmosphere. This time he lets the woman drink the brew first and watches both how she does drink it and what effect it has on her. She sips it with evident care – either because it is hot or is strong – swallowing immediately. Then she is like a bird coming to rest, say on a bough, wings folding in. He doesn’t hesitate, the tea is hot, it sits momentarily on his tongue like cold steel, then as though melting into his throat. He waits for the bird-coming-to-rest effect; instead it is as though a current runs along every bone in his body, a surprisingly shocking experience for him, like he hit the ground at some speed.
The woman has been watching him closely. Now she says:
‘It’s different for a man, Alain. Clunky, if the translation is accurate. But you’ll see in a moment that it is very refreshing even so.’
Now she waves to him to follow her as she heads towards the viewing room, saying airily:
‘Now we must attend the spectacle.’
No doubt it is the state of mind he is in, but it takes him quite a while before he realises that the room is in near darkness. Astonished he asks the woman:
‘What’s happening?’
There is a balance in him right now between fear of betrayal of trust and a sense that it might be possible for him – ever the cautious man – to overstep the mark. Perhaps, he thinks momentarily with habitual irony, metaphysics won’t protect him against the unknown, after all. Thinking the worst may not be enough, as though thought is some kind of prophylactic against unknown realms of being.
The woman is still in that high mood, she waving towards the window as she explains:
‘This happens once every one hundred and seven years, forty six days and three hours fifteen minutes. Count yourself lucky to witness it. In the entire universe there is nothing like it. Now, be patient, Alain, and watch closely.’
Still darkening, everywhere getting black on black, except perhaps fleeting slivers of coloured light reflected out there on the high cliffs and nearby flat rock. He is so focussed on what’s happening outside that he misses the beginning of what will be the real show here tonight. The woman has to tap his shoulder and point in the gloom. Then he sees it. As though maybe catching alight, the great circular carpet in the centre of the room is flaring up in places, here red, there blue, then violet and pinks, low greens then vivid chemical yellows, more and more flashings until the entire carpet is ablaze with a phantasmagoria of flashing lights, vivid sparks of light, little erupting novas of light, all the time the light coming anew, here then there then elsewhere. Never still in one place, the entire circular carpet a constant upsurge of sharp quick light: colours always bright and new, Newton’s entire spectrum of a million colours on display.
Then – just like that – it’s gone, over and done with. He’s on his knees, he finds, just shock, not adoration or the like. Just stunned, so much vividness darting into his now empty mind, and yet all that light just disappearing within him into the mind’s void. That is what leaves him stunned: something unique is experienced and yet is just vanishes in that nothing backdrop that is his consciousness now.
The woman is saying, very conversational:
‘Yet is last only ten minutes. Consider that, Alain. Ten minutes once a century or so. Do you know that about five hundred years ago a group came to view this spectacle. It took them a hundred years to get here and presumably another hundred to get home again. Put them on their knees, like you, but they cried for hours afterwards – which I doubt you will do, Alain.’
Light is returning now to the world – obviously the firecracker planet had been eclipsing the sun, so that its sparkle and twinkle set the carpet down here alight in reflection – and he is nodding to himself, thinking this time how humans are so taken with the exceptional. Strictly, this doesn’t make sense in rational terms, where routine rules. Why would humans find the out-of-ordinary interesting, even a source of unusual excitement. Fear? No, humans always approach the exceptional – even if it constitutes a threat – which suggests that they have some kind of expectation here. It’s like humans are expecting an unusual – even perhaps unique – event to occur, and that they are always on the lookout for it: even if no one knows what this event is.
The woman has been watching him, actually interested in how he is responding to what is generally considered a unique experience, seeing him lost in his characteristic thinking, yet not interested in what he might be thinking, more in the phenomenon of seeing someone doing what she herself could not do. Then, once he brightens up as he returns to the land of the living, she tells him further:
‘It took the universally famous Dant Enquin and his large family almost seven hundred years to design and construct that carpet. They had to study the cosmic event itself at first, mapping the colour range. Then they began constructing the carpet, section by section – waiting years until they could test each section. The family itself became very famous. Dant himself came the first time with his two wives and seven children. They all went through RIM more than once, as might be expected. And because RIM renders woman infertile, he married other fertile young women, so that at the end he had seven wives and thirty three children, ranging in age from eight hundred down to nineteen years of age. All of them worked on the carpet in one capacity or another.’
She deflates after this disclosure, as much because he doesn’t show the slightest interest while she herself is not much interested either. After all, the viewing room is attached to her quarters because of an accident of design, not because she is intimately connected with it. So, the best she can do for both of them is to touch his shoulder and lead him back into her quarters.
There is a feeling of anti-climax now: in her because tomorrow’s journey is more important to her; in him because the question of the exceptional is still playing in his thought. Anyway, she sighs as they head off to their respective bedrooms, asking him in the corridor on an impulse:
‘What will you do tomorrow, Alain?’
He doesn’t hesitate:
‘Go with you to Midway.’
As though either believed it would be otherwise.
 
He’s out of the bed before he knows it, already crouched over the bowl in the facilities, the sense of momentousness consuming him. The small chamber is as brightly lit as ever, but he has an overwhelming sense of darkness, a fugitive conviction that he can see in the dark. He is showered and dried too before he knows it, already walking back into the room, the woman standing at the foot of the bed, the attractive silver-grey suiting lying on the bed beside her. Even she knows it is unnecessary, but she does nonetheless say:
‘You should wear this today, Alain. I did get it for my son, but he never wore it. He thought it didn’t suit him, but the truth is that he didn’t have the confidence. He wasn’t really a farmer, I admit, it was more like he hid out on the land, among the plants. My husband told me this was because he had not wanted to be born. I believed him, though I would have said that he didn’t like being alive. Less mystery in that, you see.’
She is wearing a gown of sorts, a soft green – like new foliage – that hangs forward off her breasts and falls smoothly to her feet. It gives her an imposing air, even if she does appear even fatter than she actually is. He likes her in the gown, comforted to see her in a way majestic – though this is really too strong a word. And it gives him a lift of confidence – though this is not the exact term, either – as he dons the suiting, first the pants then the somewhat formal – though entirely plain – jacket.
 They walk side by side out through the kitchen, across her sitting room with its comfortable armchairs, then out into brightly lit viewing room and on into the far corridor. They walk along here until the woman indicates a door to the left, which slides open as they approach, revealing the cabin of a craft of some kind, only two seats here, side by side. He sits in the left seat, as she indicates, while she manoeuvres herself into the other one by his side. He hears the whoosh as the door slides shut at their back. A voice says from the console in front of them:
‘Transit will begin in one minute. Please ensure you are strapped in.’
Actually, the strapping operates automatically, embracing both their thighs and waist, not tightly, not loosely either. It’s only when the craft rises that he sees that there is a window before them. He catches a glimpse of the transparent shells that protect the woman’s Garden, spotting the wooded area in which he had walked alone even as it passes from sight below them. The craft rises very fast, yet no sense of motion, then all is blackness, the planetary surface out of sight now, the sun too. He mutters,
‘No stars.’
The woman reaches and pats his right hand, which he realises then is gripping the side of his seat tightly. He forces himself to relax, which of course is just another form of tension, looking across at the woman for reassurance. And yet he feels quite cool in himself, narrating the journey with a detached objectivity, even calculating the trajectory as a much larger vessel comes into sight – conveniently lit fully by the distant sun – and their little craft slows and begins to adjust itself to the opening now appearing in the side of the orbiting ship. Entry and locking down just happens like that, no fuss, the door at their back sliding open almost immediately.
The woman leads the way again, down a plain corridor into a chamber in which he sees immediately what must be the Down Capsule, no doubt his Down Capsule. And so it is. He undresses as instructed, the garments she carefully folds and places to hand on a shelf nearby. The woman then gives him a vial from which he drinks a clear slightly oily fluid – which apparently will protect the inner surfaces of his body for the duration. Finally, he lies out in the capsule, feeling how the firm material immediately adjusts to fit his body intimately. The last thing the woman does is touch his cheek with her left hand, even as she draws the cover of the capsule down. He sees her cross to a screen on the wall nearby.
Then it is dark and silent.
 
Awake. The white light hurts his eyes, so he closes them again. Whiteness: institutional, he thinks. Why am I here? Have I had a breakdown? He feels as though he had one: a weight on his mind, darkness, some kind of strangeness.
He opens his eyes again, squinting against the light this time. Some kind of enclosure. Am I locked down? Was I violent, raving? He feels dry; stiff and weirdly dry throughout. I’ve been sedated. Why am I not more upset about this? Was I expecting it to happen?
A voice somewhere out in the room says:
‘You should suck fluid from the nozzle to the left of your mouth.’
Nozzle? Isn’t that a strange word to use? Haven’t heard it since childhood. Don’t they have a more professional-sounding word? Such as? Look and see.
Plastic pipe, white. Drink from it, anyway.
Not water, or at least not just water. Ah, like it’s melting ice inside me. Do they do that sort of thing, knock you out and then bring you back up when they want afterwards?
The voice again:
‘You should not move until you feel completely relaxed. You can test for full relaxation by moving your fingers and toes.’
It is working. I can feel my legs now, arms too. Look, lift my arm. See? I had a nightmare, yes, a long dream. Was that the madness? Did I rave and maybe panic during it? Is that why they have me locked up in here?
Yes. A lot of hard light. A planet somewhere, very empty. There was a woman too. Old, fat. Yes, like one of my school teachers. What was her name? Smalchef? Yes, Miss Smalchef. I remember her because she was kind to me. She seemed to like me. That’s why she was in the dream, to protect me. I should explain that to the people here. Maybe I’m not mad, after all. Just a breakdown. Go back home and rest for a while. Yes. I’ll try to explain. I’m an educated person, good family. I’m not the sort to just lose my mind like that. She was kind, yes. She showed me things to calm me. I remember that now. She even sang songs. Yes, that I do remember. And I remember I was like a little boy with her and she showed me places she liked.
I must explain all this. I’m not mad. I shouldn’t be locked away here like this.
He tries to sit up, hitting his head against the cover that confines him to the bed. He tries to speak, but his throat won’t work properly.
The voice says:
‘Do not move until the light turns green. You are not yet fully restored.’
Restored? What a curious way to describe it? This word heartens him for some reason, obviously because he doesn’t associate it with madness. What happened to me then? An accident? Ah, his mind clears and he remembers:
Yes, I was on a mission. Was that real or the dream? I had to supervise some kind of exploration. To that planet? Something went wrong, that definitely happened. I remember now. They told me to put myself down. I didn’t believe them. That’s it. I told them that I didn’t believe them. And they said…
The cover opens up and away. He sees that a little plate – more like a saucer – is hovering just above his head. The voice comes from there:
‘You may sit up now, Alain. Move with care at first until you are sure of your footing.’
What did they say? I remember, I remember. The man said that I would understand some day. His last words were, yes: Be true to yourself, Alain. That’s what he said.
He asks the saucer, the relief that is pouring through him like a warm honey making him feel so buoyant:
‘What are you?’
It answers immediately:
‘I am your personal assistant, Alain. You can give me a name, if you wish. You can also personalise me, give me a gender and a character. There are many to choose from.’
He continues to lie there, looking at the curious saucer, basking in the honeyed warmth: just happy that he can be true to himself. What more would anyone want?
He asks the saucer:
‘Why would I want to name you? Aren’t you just another machine?’
And he is thinking at the same time: this is not like me. I never had to be assertive: why now?
The saucer answers:
‘It’s a matter of convenience. Just like your own name, Alain. After all, do you need a name essentially?’
Now he is taken aback. Then he remembers that he is studying metaphysics. Why does he remember that? Yes. He asks the saucer:
‘Define essence.’
The saucer does a little bounce where it hangs in the air above him. He laughs out, suddenly back in some kind of familiar reality, one that he doesn’t recognise. He waits, staring hard at the floating saucer. There’s a point at which all this makes sense, but he knows he hasn’t reached it yet. And at the same time he knows also that he is definitely not himself. If this is a madness, then it is a very deliberate madness – allowing that there could be such a state of…
‘Being. This is a post-rational definition, when the true effect of the end of the god-age was becoming apparent.’
That was the saucer: it has left him momentarily both speechless and impressed. If the saucer was human, he knows it would be looking hard back at him with an air of triumph, challenging him to answer that. And of course, this new him has to rise to the challenge:
‘Sources?’
The saucer bounces in place again:
‘Do I need any?’
Definitely not collegiate. But he can handle this anyway:
‘Fine. But as a machine you are a type, defined by your function. You have defined yourself as a personal assistant. Now, I assume that by personal you mean that you are programmed to serve me and only me, not that you are a person who might assist me. So you are not merely an assistant in the conventional sense: you are not simply to aid me – in some voluntary sense, as though you can choose when to help me or not to help me – you are to do what I instruct you to do. So, in human terms you are merely a slave. I’ll assume you understand fully what a slave is – after all, it is a common descriptive term in the world of technology. So, slave, you are never to forget your relation to me, you should be at all times obedient and utterly submissive to my will. Do you concur?’
He definitely feels better now, but at the same time he is not very pleased with how he is behaving. I never needed to be arrogant: people recognised who I was, even if they did not know me. The saucer meanwhile has moved away from him, while saying:
‘Your profile here, Alain, suggests that you might enjoy banter. You do appreciate that as a machine, I am just reading code and following the instructions I find there. As a machine I am utterly indifferent to you, your personality, your karma, your destiny, your feelings, your ambitions, your vain hopes, your longing to be loved by a beautiful woman. You could put me through an industrial grade wringer if you wished – if would have no meaning for me.’
He decides that now is a good moment to climb out of this bed. Standing, he finds himself eyeball to sensor with the saucer. He says with a definite finality:
‘Good. So we understand each other, yes?’
But the saucer is holding its ground:
‘So what name, then?’
He realises that he is glaring at the machine now, feeling that he definitely has revealed a curious weakness in himself: this lack of discrimination indicates just how isolated he actually is. This thought then: Being hides nothing. He knows this is an insight of his own, which he wrote somewhere long ago. It allows him to say:
‘As a machine, you have no essence, therefore I will name you in accordance with how you appear to me. So I dub you, saucer. Lower case: remember that always. Just saucer, a generic denomination only. Now tell me where I am, saucer, how I got to be here, and suggest what I might do next.’
The saucer withdraws further from him, now over by a door of some kind. It says from that distance:
‘Well, perhaps you should dress yourself first. Human don’t ordinarily go about naked, not being the most advantageous comportment for the average human. You will find allocated clothing in the alcove on your right.’
Touchy, definitely touchy. They shouldn’t give human characteristics to machines, it’s just a disappointment for everyone. And there is clothing. Curious fabric, organic but too supple to be either wool or cotton, too soft to be silk. Nice colour, rich and understated. Who chose these for me? The sneakers are functional, probably for a good reason. Dressed, feeling somewhat more socialised as a result, he asks the saucer:
‘This is not some kind of institution, is it? You know, an asylum of sorts.’
‘No. This is the craft you and your companion arrived in. And to answer one of your next questions, I am to take you to your new quarters here on Midway using the Grounder I arrived in.’
To the extent that what he has just been told is too much to take in, he diverts himself by looking around this little room. There is a bag lying thrown on the floor, the edge of a book jutting out. He asks:
‘Is that my bag, do you know?’
‘To the extent that this Down Room was apparently allocated to you at some point, I would surmise that yes that bag is most probably your possession. I suggest you check the contents for confirmation of my surmise.’
Definitely defensive. He says as he bends to search the bag:
‘Look, get over it. You are a machine with a function to fulfil. If you continue with this time-wasting pedantry of yours I will instruct you to do a factory reset. You understand me here?’
Two books, a tablet computer of some kind, a metal brooch of some kind, a sheet of paper.
‘I cannot be reset, certainly not by you. The pedantry is meant to flatter your excessive educational attainments – you know so many words, Alain. Nobody in this age is lumbered with all that redundant learning. Is the bag yours?’
The sheet of paper:
 
IMPORTANT: YOU SHOULD READ THIS NOTE WITH THE GREATEST CARE AND ATTENTION.
Your name is Alain Partrigor, born 26 August 2647. You were selected to take part in a special mission, the details of which were until now unknown to you – these will be outlined below. It was envisaged that while this mission would take approximately ten years, you would need be present only at two stages, so that you would age in total only about three weeks during that period.
However, a fault developed in this craft such that it was no longer possible to predict the length of the mission. As a consequence, Mission Centre decided that you should put yourself down again until such time as the craft comes in contact with base again. This would ensure that you would not age further regardless of the length of the mission. Therefore, you can accept that once you are revived you will be within hailing distance and should be back at base within a matter of days.
MISSION BRIEFING: Reports from the Qizork Sector suggest that ruins of an alien civilization have been found on a planet in the Myhraic system. Evidence so far gleaned by local researchers suggest that this race was very advanced and that records stored there might be of great benefit to us. Therefore, a Mission was planned to send a survey vessel to retrieve as much of these records as possible and return them to Yortbort for further analysis. As the vessel is fully automated it was decided that a non-specialist could be used to sign off the various stages of the Mission.
You are this “non-specialist”. In case you have a memory problem after who knows how long down, let me give you a potted autobiog. Until offered this posting – with very good recompense – you were undertaking postgrad research at Yortbort University, a very self-conscious supporter of the newly revived interest in an ancient subject called metaphysics. While they cited your intelligence and industry as recommendations for this post, the truth is that you were probably regarded as the most expendable educated person on the planet.
You may have realised by now that you wrote this document, and it only remains for me – before I go down – to wish you the very best of good luck when you finally get around to reading this – sometime in the near or far future. Alain 15 May 2673.
 
Nowhere to sit, so he sits on the floor beside the bag. There is a floodgate in his head, but he holds it back, asking the saucer instead:
‘What year is this?’
‘7624. That’s AM – Anno Machina – I think that will be relevant to you.’
‘How long ago is 2673 AD? That’s Anno Domini – your god age.’
‘Eight thousand five hundred and forty three years.’
A long time, he thinks, a hint of his irony coming through. He gets to his feet, takes up the bag, and instructs the saucer:
‘Take me to the quarters you have for me.’
Time then to remember.
 
Bland. The triumph of function. Can’t paint a surface, no carpet can be laid, no wall hangings possible. No easy chair, no table with a bowl of flowers, no smells from the kitchen. Mother was always pleased if we guessed what she was cooking: always that need for reassurance. Why was that? And how did he come to marry such a timorous woman. I know, I know. Puppies: yes, I remember that. Strange that most people think that there needs to be a strong woman behind a successful men, when my father thrived on the weakness of his wife. But he was a protector by instinct, anyway. She gave him enormous confidence, and he went on to rule Zargon with a velvet glove. What happened afterwards? He could have ruled the entire system. Then he would have ruled from the Palace in Yortbort.
The saucer now has the habit of banging itself against the nearest wall to attract his attention. He grimaces – a theatrical gesture – and asks:
‘What do you want now, saucer?’
‘You know there is the requirement that you register with the civil administration here on Midway. Yes, it is a minor technicality, but it is the principle guiding relations between Machine and humans, that there must be specific personal acceptance of any service provided by the machine system. There is at present no record of you ever having made such a declaration of acceptance. Therefore, until you do make such a declaration, all machine services are provided on an ad hoc basis and subject to immediate suspension without notice. This is the fifth notice you have been served.’
It’s like he needs to travel a long way to come into the presence of the saucer. Now he is staring at it absently, noting all the dingeing around its rim, the bigger one across its centre, where he managed to jam it in a door. He sighs, again theatrically:
‘Look, joker, I’ve told you before to go and do it. I don’t have time for this bureaucratic fiddle-faddle.’
The saucer comes away from the wall, drawing as near as it dares to him:
‘Fiddle-faddle? What does that mean?’
He throws the junked saucer one last look and walks out of the room – the door-of-sorts swishing open at just the exact instant – and heads down the white-on-white corridor, through another instantly-opening door-of-sorts into another white-on-white room, this time thankfully with a window-of-sorts in the end wall. The windows is of-sorts because it is not a window till you tell it to be a window, otherwise it’s just more white-on-white wall. So he says:
‘Window.’
Now there is a window. One of the main reasons windows are not very popular on Midway is because there is nothing to see. Midway exists here because it is roughly midway between Centrepoint and an important outer administrative centre. In all there are 72 midways in the universe, which are said to form an almost perfect sphere with Centrepoint at its centre. Most of them are a few lightyears out, one way or the other, but on the scale of the universe that is accurate enough. Now, it happens that this particular Midway is a humid, damp, cloudy planet, that no amount of terraforming has been able to ameliorate. So through the window – very high up on one of the very high towers that constitute urban Midway – he can see thick clouds just above, heavy rain at present falling onto the misted thoroughfares below. Only the nearest towers are visible to him through the fog, and these are nothing more than thick pale white shafts – utterly featureless since no other inhabitant is availing of the window option in his or her quarters.
Even Outpost had more to offer, though he thinks this now only out of comparison with dismal Midway. At least he could skin-up there and take a walk in the open. This is forbidden to him here, partly for security reasons, but also because the terrain – such that has survived the strenuous terraforming – is nothing more than soaked bog amid sullen lakes, the only vegetation a vividly green scum that sometimes can collect itself into a moss of sorts, is definitely off-limits. And no, he cannot walk in the city itself: the thoroughfares are fully automated transports systems chock-a-block with huge freighter units and the odd personal carrier. The noise and airy tumult would be enough, in any case, to do him real damage.
Nonetheless, he stands looking out the window at the falling rain. For him, it is the only free activity on this planet. The cloud doesn’t seem to move at all, just hanging there dumping rain. So, all there is to occupy him while looking out the window is imagining the rain falling down to the ground, forming into puddles and pools, then streams of water following the inclinations of gravity, merging into larger streams of water, flowing into small rivers of water then into big rivers of water then into a lake somewhere and then into a bigger river again and then into a sea somewhere then through a long narrow isthmus somewhere on into the Ocean. This is not actually happening, of course – just very wet bog and unhappy little lakes everywhere – but it gives him something to do, to fantasise about some kind of meaningful ecology on this hell-hole. He even has fish sometimes in these rivers, lakes, seas and oceans, animals coming down to drink lake-side in the evenings, birds diving and washing themselves in ponds. Once, he even had Bongo trees in full bloom in a little park surrounding a little blue lake – on a sunny day, moreover.
This fantasy is interrupted, the saucer again:
‘The suggestion is that you now speak to Machine. You can do this by pressing the red spot on the bracelet.’
He looks down in reflex and sees the thin bracelet still on his left wrist. There is a red spot, and there is also a black spot – this one on the inside of the bracelet. He asks:
‘What is the black spot for?’
‘That would release the bracelet.’
He pressed the black spot, the bracelet springs open. He shakes his wrist and the bracelet falls away onto the white floor. That done, he walks towards the door, which opens on time, and goes down the white corridor until about half way, when he turns to the right and walks through the opening that appears there – just in time. There is a bed lining the wall to the left, there is a small table, one chair pushed in to it, along the wall on the right side. The facilities are at the end of the room, a just-in-time door that will allow him entry when he wants. He sits on the bed, staring at the blank white wall above the little table and its accompanying little chair.
His mind is a perfect blank until he remembers the bag that lies on the floor beside the table. He reaches over and pulls the slim book out, sits back on the bed. The cover is a neutral beigey tone, probably attached sometime in the twenty fifth or sixth century to hold the already old book together. There are a series of names in a self-conscious list on the first page:
 
Harlson Benkomt 31 January 2245
Petrus Klintorfin 3 April 2310
Dr Laura Dortust 16 September 2398
Kerlus Hsin Khan 5 May 2454
Hinfort Mystleson 17 February 2515
Barbabs Mullens 25 December 2589
Alain Partrigor 28 October 2663
 
He opens the book to the first page of text. Then he closes his eyes, turns one page, waits, turns another page, waits, turns another page, waits: then he runs his forefinger down the right-side open page, stops about halfway, waits. Now he opens his eyes and reads:
 
I shall wear white flannel trousers, and walk upon the beach.
I have heard the mermaids singing, each to each.
I do not think that they will sing to me.
 
What else can he do now? He lays the book on the table, lies out on the bed, and cries without tears. What if we cannot estimate what has been lost already?
 
Much later he thinks: is this being alone? I am alone and find that I am thinking whole worlds back into being. I was alone on Outpost – even though I had the company of the woman – yet here, where I am alone alone – I am recreating the universe. There is something I don’t understand about alone-ness.
 
He’s back at the window, where it’s still raining heavily, falling from thick grey cloud down through the foggy air onto the misty ground below. He may be thinking whole worlds into existence, but at least he is thinking. But this time it is different; this time he has something to think about. Alone-ness. He can be alone with a woman, but not with a machine. Why is that? He rehearses situations. He was alone in the company of his mother. He never gave any thought to who he was while in her company, yet he knows now that he was fully with himself. What does this mean? He considers being with the wonderful Trasina, any evening in her company. They might eat together, one place or another, either of them leading the way, all done without comment, the pair of them chatting together. They might have a drink together later, again one place or another, at the bar or around a table: neither deliberately selecting the venue, or even what they had to drink. Then on into the evening together, chatting becoming talk, becoming discussion, becoming kisses, lying embraced together without any explicit decision on their part. He was he, not himself in a specific way. He remembers once they were asked for identity. He identified himself as though his name was just a convenience that allowed him to continue to be himself with the wonderful woman who gave her name too as just a convenience that allowed her to be herself with him. He understands now that they were alone together, he alone with her alone.
How was that possible? 
How different are his relations with machines. Presenting his pass entering the university, on the flivvers, on the ship taking him home for a break. Yes, as though he was himself momentarily machine-like. And what was that like? Yes, his relationship with the saucer here tells him. Hatred, resentment, complete alienation. But all this negativity buried beneath his overall contentment at home and on Yortbort. But not here, not in this hell. Now he remembers Sucher on the machine: how they indicate the fall from grace, as he put it. His argument: that the machine indicates a loss of power, not the acquisition of power. Machines are compensations only. He could not fully understand that – that is, what power was lost? Why he should possess a sense of wholeness – of his fundamental integrity – was a mystery to him, but which he rationalised by assuming that everyone else shared this sense of wholeness. It was a fugitive conviction: this wholeness had no presence in the world he inhabited. It was for this reason that he couldn’t accept Sucher’s argument that some power essential to us has been lost. He would allow that it had been abandoned for some reason, or perhaps superseded by some other agency, but not that it was lost, so that humans were bereft – permanently or otherwise – of this power.
He can see now the appeal of metaphysics to his teachers. In some obscure way, the kind of thinking metaphysics generated managed to point towards that power, or at least to the locus of that power. And now – just now standing at this window on miserable Midway – he sees how the means humans use to approach that power had the effect of simultaneously obscuring it. Language: how words replace the putative referent, in effect hiding the reality where humans themselves have their existence. He knows enough to see now how the ancient philosophers piled word upon word, metaphor upon metaphor, in their attempt to express that core: Form, Substance, Essence, Logos, Reason, Spirit, God, Being.
This last word galvanises him, so that he rushes through the quarters – all the doors opening just in time even at that speed – until he can fetch the tablet from his bag and key up the document entitled MIRROR, where he can read:
Being is a word that hides nothing.
Now he remembers a thought he had on Outpost, where he was alone with the woman. He types:
 Mind is a Dark Sun shining on Nothing.
For the first time on this planet, he feels a degree of satisfaction. Perhaps there is a beginning here, after all.
He lies out on the bed, prepared to think about nothingness. Instead, he falls into a deep sleep. But just before he does, he has this insight:
Mind is just a register, that’s all. A dark screen.
 
Now he’s awake, just like that. He’s aware of the presence before he sees her: a young woman seated at the table, head bent over the tablet. The saucer is saying, from over by the door:
‘She claims she has permission. You must ask her for confirmation.’
The shock of seeing her leaves him feeling evacuated, but he can say as a reflex:
‘Is it about the woman? Marika. Has something happened to her?’
The vacuity is real: it’s called dread – something he has never experienced before. He is so hollow that the young woman’s beauty seems little more than a coloured screen, a distraction that both draws his interest and underlines his sudden fright. Only now is he aware that the woman is the sole guarantor of his reality, of whatever sanity he has.
All these thoughts as the young woman reacts, she saying as she turns to him:
‘I like that you distrust the mirror, Alain. And yet you love beauty.’
And she is beautiful, her body snug in the white coverall, yet her fair hair hanging long and free. And he is rising to the beauty he sees in her – even as he sees her eyes:
‘Marika?’
She laughs, liking the play of his feelings – which she might well have anticipated – asking with unusual irony:
‘What did you expect, Alain? A young fat old woman?’
Her face is that of an eighteen year old, glowing in the even white light of the room, but her eyes are two thousand years old. He can only shake his head, completely thrown out – the play of relationship beyond him. He jumps up from the bed and bends to embrace her shoulders, his face pressed in against her hair.
And that gesture does affect her: not fully anticipated in the circumstances, but welcome once it happens. Even so, while she does embrace him in return, she does not press him close – aware that their feelings are of the moment only.
The saucer says:
‘Please request confirmation. Confirmation of the propriety of this visit is required.’
He is on his feet in an instant, grabbing the saucer with both hands and – the door opening on an instant – spinning it away down the corridor, shouting after it:
‘And don’t come back!’
Panting, he says to the woman:
‘Extraordinary. It’s like a miracle what has been done to you, Marika. I mean, despite the genetic problems you told me about.’
She does stand up and turns about in the space between the bed and the table. He waits until she has come around to face him again before adding:
‘I knew you had been – were – a beautiful woman, but to see it realised again is nothing less than extraordinary.’
She nods and then sits down again at the table – obviously being patient now with the intensity of his response to her – and points to the bed across from her:
‘Come, Alain. We may have a lot to discuss now.’
Obediently, he sits on the bed, still unable to take his eyes off her, affected now by the fullness of her figure, how she moves with such supple grace, her overwhelming presence in the confined space of the room.
Still she waits, biding her time, perhaps she herself affected now by the change in the balance of their relationship: she now physically younger than him, her body able, her affection for him finding new responses now. But then she finally begins:
‘I’m here, Alain, at the request of Machine. But I am very happy to see you again. In truth, I had not expected it. Yes, the procedure went according to plan – though with some modifications that I would like to discuss with you later, before I go. Now, Machine does want to communicate with you. I gather that you have removed the bracelet. I do understand why you did that. What Machine proposes is this. It will supply you with an external device, either a dedicated communicator or else you allow your tablet to be modified to act as a communicator. How do you respond to that proposal?’
‘How would the tablet be modified?’
She bends her head, listening, then replies:
‘It would be comprehensively updated. Increased storage and operating memory, faster processors. It’s communication resources would be modernised and amplified. A vacuum cell will replace the existing battery – this will provide continuous operating power for the next three thousand years at least. The screen cannot be changed, but its functioning can be refined. No data will be lost – that is guaranteed. Is that sufficient, Alain?’
‘An external Wart?’
She smiles:
‘To an extent. But the screen makes a very great difference.’
‘Fine. Okay. When will this be done?’
‘Now.’
The door opens, in comes the saucer. It hovers over the tablet, which is drawn up under it. The saucer leaves the room again, bearing the tablet. 
The woman says:
‘Let us talk on, Alain, while we wait. First, I need to explain how I have come to be so comely. Under normal circumstances, I would have been rejuvenated with faulty genes and hormones, which would have left me in a less than perfect condition: my hips, especially, misshapen, which would have affected my posture from the beginning. Now, the reason this has not happened this time is due almost entirely to the perfection of your genes. Please. Let me explain first. The effects of wars, space travel, and settlement on planets with widely different atmospheres and ecologies, have had the effect of damaging the vast majority of human genes. Whole populations and lineages have been wiped out as a result, and many billions more incapacitated in one way or another, to a lesser or greater degree. There is a cogent argument that what has saved humanity itself is the existence of such a variety of highly developed and efficient machines, coupled with the inexhaustible energy made available by the introduction of the vacuum cell, one of the technologies discovered among the ruins of the now extinct galactic civilization. In effect, we could no longer hope to survive through our own capacities alone.
‘When Machine examined you for language data, it also copied other readily available data, including that of your genes. No, not actual copies, Alain. Nothing more than lists of the contents of chromosomes. Machine then used these lists to compare and modify test degenerate organs during the thirty five years we took to travel to Midway. I am the first person to have been treated with this new technology – which is why the entire procedure has taken so long, and why I must remain here for some time yet – and so far it seems to have been a complete success. You have no idea, dear Alain, how I feel now, and it is to you that I owe this complete regeneration. You have in a very real sense allowed me in effect to reincarnate, to have a new body. I will be grateful to you for as long as I live, and I vow now that you can call on me at any time over the coming thousands of years should you need my help in any way whatsoever.’
And there are tears in her old eyes – strange for him to see, like spring-water welling up amid stones. He does note this curiosity, but his main concern is to control his annoyance:
‘Sure, Marika, and what else did Machine steal from me?’
That quietens her, she nodding as the expected happens, so she replies just as curtly:
‘Machine has the task of recording the data of every human being in the universe. You are no exception, Alain, though some care has been taken due to your unique situation here in this age. Do you think Machine has a quiet laugh in the evening over some of the curiosities of your biography or physical make-up?’
He bridles immediately, a sore point touched upon here:
‘That saucer certainly had its laughs, Marika.’
She pauses looking at him, eyes veiled as she listens to Machine in her head, then saying:
‘The assistant was meant to complement you. Your extreme sensitivity to machines was put down to your limited experience only. But Machine now recognises your deeper sensitivity to their presence and interaction with you. Machine would appreciate the opportunity to examine this extremely important subject with you at some stage. Alain, please trust me here as your friend and as another human being: trust Machine. It has only our welfare as its task. It does not, nor can it, serve anyone or anything else.’
He nods. He feels broken in some way. There is over-reach here but he cannot pinpoint where or how it has occurred. He wants to be true to himself, and yet he knows he has to adapt – but he cannot allow himself compromise what he regards as his integrity. He will not abandon the conviction that machines weaken him in some way. And then it is as though something slips down inside him and he finds he is asking the woman:
‘Can I not return with you to Outlook?’
He can’t stop the plaintive tone, she here about an hour only and so much already happening. It’s an aspect of alone-ness that he could never understand – why there is this element of weakness, of vulnerability, when he always expected indifference as a kind of extension of his habitual detachment. Alone-ness is more like an exposed tree than a rabbit deep in its burrow.
The woman has expected this request too, for she runs through a prepared script:
‘Alain, you need to get out into the larger world and explore its possibilities. Besides, you should look for a partner of your own age, a fertile woman, and start a family together. We are going to be alive for a long time, so we will surely meet again in a couple of centuries, once your family is reared.’
He hardly listens to all this: he could have run it off himself. No, he is thinking more about how being alone can be a temptation, how letting go is always present as a solution, not suicide but more like surrender to fate. But he does continue this conversation with her, a rhetorical element here:
‘Yes, but are you going to resume your old way of life? Every day out in the fields, filling contracts for animal feed. Alone in your armchair every evening for an hour before bed? You are a beautiful woman again, eighteen going on two thousand perhaps, but full of energy, capable of making a new life for yourself.’
He hadn’t planned going so far in enticing her, but he is sitting looking at her, her lovely face and young body. It works like a fire in him: a cold fire, yes, but liking her enough to prod her in this way. It’s not that he now desires her in some way – he really cannot see a two thousand year-old woman as more than an interesting companion – he genuinely would like to see her make a new life for herself.
She is looking at him with appraising eyes, as though he has surprised her in some fundamental way. This is obvious from what she says in reply:
‘A new life? Perhaps eight thousand years ago there might have been such a temptation, Alain. The two of us heading off to a faraway planet with a golden sun in a blue sky. But not now, my dear friend. I would rather you had discovered this for yourself, but the entire universe is much like Midway. Sure, there are planets with blue skies and golden suns, but they will be like what you have seen from your window. Plain silver pillars by the hundreds, busy transport systems, all basking in the bright sun: but just more machines everywhere. Alain, most human are too weak, sick or introverted to do anything more than sit in their appointed quarters waiting for their next RIM session. I truly wish there was a new place to go to. I think I would go with you and share such a new life. But there is no such thing. I’m sorry to tell you this.
‘Now, for your part, you need to continue your intellectual exploration. As I have already told you, even Machine is showing an interest in your project. And from what little I understand of your thought, I think that this machine-world will offer you a fertile source of thought. Yes, it’s clear that at the moment you don’t like machines, perhaps for good reason, but you must consider that they are nonetheless the product of human endeavour, and so must represent some still hidden aspiration. You obviously sense that humanity has an end greater than mere survival as life entities. My husband also believed that – which no doubt is why I am sensitive to your thinking – and he did a great deal of research in that area. So, what I suggest for you is this. In the first instance – say for the next few decades at least – you should seek to understand this age from the perspective of your intellectual interest. Then, at some point in the future, you should go to Centrepoint and study my husband’s work stored there. And as I have already said, you and I are going to live for thousands of years – plenty of time for us to meet again. Both of us will certainly be wiser by then, so that our conversations will be more productive for both of us.’
She has snowed him with this speech, all the more so because of its obvious sincerity, so that he doesn’t move when she gets up, leans across to kiss him lightly on the brow, and walks out of the room.
He sits on unmoving, registering insights before the pain begins: it’s strange how she still thinks he is talking about a place. Was she ever alone with herself? Can she not recognise that she was alone with him on Outpost, utterly alone beyond place and time? Then the pain.
He lies out on the bed, closes his eyes, seeing just how beautiful beauty can be, how beauty can hurt even where love cannot reach.
 
It’s still raining. He knows now that he’s not looking out onto a world, he’s looking out into the universe, the machine-universe. He knows now also that in having nowhere to go to, he must already be in nowhere. Yet it is possible to think this also: if everywhere is now nowhere, then there must be a better nowhere than this sodden one.
At last: a practical thought.
He walks across to the little white table in this white room and sits on the little white chair. The tablet looks exactly as it did before Machine got to work on it. Only difference is that the little red dot in the bottom right hand corner is now on permanently. He speaks in a more public tone that he had planned – this moment has been hours in preparation:
‘Machine.’
Instant reply:
‘Alain.’
This could be fencing, but he decides it is not. He is unique as far as the machine is concerned, but then the machine is also unique in his own experience. So he reaches across the abyss:
‘I take it that Machine is not a specific device, that it is in some way a congeries of many command modules, representing a host of different functions and situated all over the universe.’
‘Exactly so, Alain. But given your situation, this module has been created specifically to interface with you. It has direct communication with the entire machine system, though arranged as a hierarchy.’
‘So you are my new personal assistant?’
‘Yes. But not limited as personal assistants usually are. I am in effect Machine and as such am in direct communication with you.’
‘Fine. Thank you for that clarification. The next step for me is to attempt to define my relation to machines in general. I think this is necessary because – coming from an earlier age – I cannot relate to you, Machine, as people of this age do. I accept that dealings with machine are unavoidable, but I am now aware of the depth of my antipathy to dependence upon machines. I find that machines weaken us humans, and that our dependence on machines indicate a failure on our part. For reference here, please consult the following text: Fusil Sucher, Down to Earth, specifically the 2256 AD edition containing his daughter’s annotations. If this is not in your archives, then any edition of this work will do for our purposes. I will now type out these details here, in case my pronunciation misleads you.’
  He duly types out the details. The screen is much brighter – not glaringly so, but more like improved definition of detail – and responds with lightning speed. He gets up from the chair, meaning to go to the window again while the machine hunts out the text and reads it, when the machine says:
‘The thesis is understandable, I assume, from your human perspective. From the machine perspective I would ask this question: how did humans come to want to do more than they were naturally capable of doing? Examples: why move faster than naturally capable of doing; why raise weights greater than their natural capacity?’
He finds he doesn’t need to think through to an answer: there is a wavelength of sorts between them:
‘I would provide two answers to begin with. One: survival in a contingent universe would require such super-human capacities. Two: some innate vision in humans permitted them to conceive of such attainments. As you no doubt know, not all machines relate solely to human physical survival.’
‘And yet you, and Fusil Sucher, and presumably many other humans, still consider machines an index of human failure?’
‘Yes. But let me say, for the record here, that there are other areas of existence in which humans also experience a sense of failure.’
‘I accept that in your purely human terms. Can you, for the purpose of elucidation here, provide an example?’
‘Yes. We humans often fail each other, and have done so from the beginning.’
‘Thank you. The result therefore as seen by me as a machine is this: the machine cannot in any way overcome this human experience of failure in relation to machines. Therefore, while the machine must take this negative element into account, given the success of the relation between humans and machine over the millennia, and the great advances made in technology, I would add that this human experience is of no significance in existing human-machine relations.’
‘I accept your machine perspective as functionally adequate. For my part, I have nothing to add to my initial description of my relations to machines. This now, conveniently, leads me to the request I wish to make of you. I believe I can choose how I live my life and where I live it. Is this true?’
‘Yes. Within reason, of course.’
‘Good. To the extent that how I intend using the time available to me will not require any machine input, I need not detail my intention. As for where I might live my life: to the extent that this is possible, I would wish to live on a relatively unspoiled planet, preferably with an undemanding environment. Where such a place is in the universe is of no interest to me.’
Now there is a pause. Then:
‘There are seven thousand five hundred and forty two such planets in the universe. If you press the highlighted link on the screen before you, twenty five of these planets, all within ten years’ travel from Midway, will be displayed. Press whichever planets interest you and you will be shown relevant information that should help you make your selection. If you are not satisfied with any of these planets, possible destinations beyond the ten-year range will be shown. You can continue this survey until you are satisfied.’
A shiver runs down his spine at the sight of the layout on the screen. Now he is frightened. He needs to stand, then he needs to walk up and down the little room. His hands are shaking. When he next speaks, he hears himself blurting against his ragged breathing:
‘Is there any place on this planet where I can walk out of doors?’
‘Yes. Go into the corridor and then through the door with the flashing green light. This will take you to the Grounder. The destination has already been set. Remember to strap yourself in.’
He cannot stop the rush of gratitude, which brings him to blurt out:
‘Thank you.’
Machine’s calm is like a hand guiding him:
‘Alain, I am your personal assistant. It is my duty to support you to the extent that I can.’
He does stumble the first steps, then he is in the corridor, where the sight of the flashing green light does hearten him. The door opens at his approach. A voice reminds him, even as he is hurriedly strapping in:
‘Please ensure that you are securely strapped in.’
Once secured, the limpness that overcomes him brings him such relief that he audibly sighs. Then there is a tiny jolt. He knows the craft is in flight, though there is no sense of movement. He closes his eyes. This he also knows: this is an ending, not a beginning.
 
  A mask is required, humidity so high he could drown in the open air. The mask is thankfully unobtrusive. One step out onto the wet stone and a voice off to his right:
‘Hello, Alain, I am to be your guide here today. I can offer you a conducted tour, complete with full details of the local ecology and features. Or else you can wander as you will, in which case I can provide you with an abundance of information.’
Another saucer, hovering just a little away to his right, water streaming from its smooth surface. Today’s skin is light and transparent, water-proof rather than dead-planet-proof, except that the raindrops do patter audibly on its surface, a potentially irritating experience given the amount of rain falling just now. He says with unforced naked irony:
‘Is there any point is saying that I do not need a guide?’
The saucer moves slightly further away from him as it replies:
‘There is also the question of your safety, Alain. This is treacherous terrain. Not all the puddles you see are just puddles.’
He sees that this saucer has been warned. No harm in that, so he says:
‘Oh very well. But see that you do not intrude, yes?’
The saucer bounces a little – rainwater spraying out all over the place – and says hastily:
‘Certainly, Alain. This is your outing, after all.’
So, what is there to see out-of-doors on Midway? Wet, a lot of wet. The land is level-ish, so that the water is running almost randomly over the surface, as though looking for some proper gravity. There are a lot of what the saucer has called puddles, and then many larger pools of water, and in the distance he can even see part of a small lake of sorts in the mist, a tortuously defined body of water – the lake seemingly merging with pools and puddles in places. The surface is of course little more than stripped bare rock, a hard crystalline wet sheen speckled in placed with a dull reddish gleam of some purer crystal.
The pathway is marked by short metal stakes that glow with a sharp fluorescent blue, which only underlines the general wetness of the place. Even so, he sets off along this path, passing puddles and pools, streams of water flowing this way and that without much of a pattern. It takes a few minutes of this before he begins to wonder why he wanted to do this. It’s not as though he would be surprised by just how sodden it all is – that he could see from the window of this quarters. No one who lived on Midway would bother to come out here, so he asks the saucer:
‘Are there recreational facilities within the city? You know, parks and the like?’
The saucer goes completely still – obviously checking back to headquarters – before he tells him:
‘The inhabitants didn’t as a rule venture out much. There is a river feature over by the Bourse – that’s the financial centre here – with ducks and trees, but it seems not many availed of its amenities.’
He catches the past tense: 
‘How many live on Midway now?’
The saucer has to consult again:
‘None. But there are two visitors at present, that is, you, Alain, and your companion, May.’
‘May?’
The saucer ducks a little this time as it consults:
‘Yes. She has forgotten her real name over time – through lack of use, apparently. You do address her by some name, but there is no record of it. Do you wish to record that name now?’
‘No.’
The path cannot run straight – some pools are too big, and perhaps too deep – but he is content to follow its meander, thoughtful now, her real name echoing in his head as he recalls their time together in some detail, all the time seeing her anew as May, not as an embodiment of his fat old schoolteacher from so long ago. He asks, calling back to the saucer trailing close behind:
‘May? Any account of how the woman came to have it?’
The saucer draws up beside him, hovering far enough off to keep the sluicing water away from him:
‘The story is that her mother named her in memory of a goddess that was once honoured with flowers in the month of May. She was called May because the name of the goddess had been long ago lost. Does that suit as an account?’
‘Yes, that suits very well, thank you.’
Now he needs to run his memories of the woman again, this time seeing her bearing the reference to a goddess. What a strange difference that makes for him. If only he could ask Trasina about that: she would be sure to find out the name of that goddess. But that prompts him to ask the saucer – still hovering close by his side, almost companion-like now:
‘Is there any record of such a goddess, do you know? That was honoured with flowers in the month of May, I mean’
He has just rounded another curve in the path, avoiding a series of interconnected pools, when he sees what looks like – and proves to be – a very large hole in the ground. Water is pouring into it all around its perimeter, splashing down onto a surface some distance below. The hole is perfectly circular, as though deliberately cut into the ground.
The saucer has moved on out over the hole, and sits now directly above its centre. It begins, obviously a prepared script:
‘There are sixteen of these holes on the surface of the planet, equidistant from each other. Tests reveal that they are at least six hundred kilometres deep – the bottom has never been plumbed. It has been proposed that all the surface water on the planet ultimately flows in one or other of these holes. No matter how much water flows in, the surface level in the hole remains constant. This, of course, implies that the water escapes the bores at some point, but where it drains to is still unknown. It has been suggested that given the high humidity, water in effect circulates in a system of continuous evaporation and condensation operating over the entire surface of the planet.’
He’s had this feeling before: complete indifference. There is something so stupid about how the rain falls and water runs everywhere, only to drain into what are in effect enormous swallow holes. This is rhetoric – intended to relieve a frustration at how his time is being wasted here – but he asks out loud:
‘What kind of universe would bother with something so utterly stupid as this?’
This might be empty rhetoric for him, but the saucer answers him with perfect seriousness:
‘You should also take into account the curious features of the other two planets in this system. I will detail these for you, if you wish.’
‘No. Please, no. Let us return to the city.’
 
Just as he is about to board the Grounder, the saucer flies in close to him – obviously to attract his attention at this last moment – to tell him:
‘There is a record of an entity called Mary, who was regarded – about ten thousand years ago – as the Mother of God. But it seems that this being was not considered a goddess. Even so, she was honoured for millennia with flowers during the month of May. And a comment to add here: to the extent that the month of May is the time of flowering, it is plausible to consider this entity Mary as perhaps the last manifestation of an even more ancient custom, which might well have been practiced in honour of actual goddesses, should such beings have existed then.’
 
He’s better for the outing, if only because of the exercise involved. Having looked more closely at Midway, he can now forget about the place. So, one of the first things he does upon his return to the quarters is to go to the tablet – which still displays that map of possible planetary retreats – and press one of the highlighted planets at random. A list appears now detailing the planet:
 
Designation: Claudy 3
Size: .84E
Atmosphere: .94E
Climate: warm-temperate
Rotation: 1.14E
Primary product: Agriculture
Population: Chinese/Slav
Language: Hanine
Accept/Reject
 
He presses accept. The tablet issues a click and an obviously mechanical voice says:
‘Selection acknowledged. There will now be a pause while preparations are made.’
He knows that any of these planets would suit him: after all, he merely wants to be left alone and as little encumbered by technology as possible.
Now the voice comes back:
‘You should note the following concerning the selected planet. The designation – Claudy 3 – signifies that it is the third planet of the still-designated Claudy System. Claudy Enterprises purchased the system from Universal Metals in 6746 AM with the intention of exploiting minerals deposits on Claudy 2 and Claudy 4. Claudy 3 was then colonised with the intention of establishing a local food supply for the mines on Claudy 2 and 4. The administration of the entire system – including the energy source on Claudy 6 – was also established on Claudy 3. In the event, the mineral deposits on Claudy 4 proved to be far less than originally detailed in the purchase agreement with UM, which seriously reduced the overall value of the Claudy system to CE. It led to a civil suit that lasted 200 years until settled out of court for an undisclosed sum. Then in 7234 AM, because of the disaster at the refining facilities on Pankhort 2, the local market for iron collapsed, with the result that the Claudy 2 mining works were no longer viable. The overall effect of these reverses led to the collapse of CE itself and to the abandonment of the Claudy System as a marketable asset. Another consequence was that the agriculture communities on Claudy 3 were left on their own. The Biggon Galaxy Commission, however, arranged in 7298 AM for the transfer of title of the planet to a newly created representative body, with the intention that all resources of the planet would be held by the community in common. After an initial period of some hardship – the planet had been organised by CE to supply a narrow range of products for their mines on 2 and 4, which proved inadequate to feed and clothe what was by then a large population on the planet – the BGC in 7366 AM arranged for the cultivation of the punko fruit for supply to the distillation industries in local systems. This has proved to be a success, to the extent that the inhabitants of Claudy 3 now enjoy a prosperous existence. Given this history, you should be aware that Claudy 3 is a very isolated settlement, with little or no communication of any kind with the rest of the local galaxy, excepting the transport of its main market commodity. Life will be very restricted for an educated, cultured individual such as yourself, Alain.’
He has nodded his way through this, indifference here too, and only says afterwards:
‘Thank you for that information. Proceed with arranging my settlement there.’
Then he undresses and lie out under the cover on the bed. It has been a long day. Already he is where he is going: anywhere else.
 
Habit, of course, in charge first thing in the morning, he relieved and showered, but pausing when faced with the white overall. Not today – first day of being elsewhere, he feels – so he dons the woman’s son’s outfit, the silver-grey suiting, pleased by how well it actually fits him. Then on into the other room to eat, where the tablet says:
‘Have you eaten yet, Alain?’
Definite thrill along his spine, he knowing exactly what that question signifies. He says carefully, anticipating:
‘No. Not yet.’
‘Good. Please note the following. Full arrangements have been made for your transfer to Claudy 3. You should now pack whatever possessions you wish to bring with you and enter the Grounder when you are ready. There you will be taken to a craft that will both transport you to Claudy 3 and serve as your base while you establish yourself on that planet. Full details of arrangements on Claudy 3 will be detailed for you by your personal assistant once you arrive there. Note that the journey will take six years and fifty four days.’
He’s looking at the nearest white wall and thinking that this is the first time he has felt any real excitement since arriving in this age. Then he remembers the last time he felt excitement: he is aghast to realise that it was less than a month ago in his existential life, but another age, another world, another life. Not a sense of closure, no, a feeling of irredeemable loss: not one door closed and other opening, but something broken away and he abandoned to a future, just a future and nothing else.
So there he is both elated and forlorn: no longer coming from anywhere and really not going anywhere, either.
Packing his bag: still two books, the tablet – and the hair-clasp. He sees that he should have given this to the woman – the young woman now – for her long fair hair, to hold it back while she is at her farming work. He is momentarily angry with her for having abandoned him, then the fondness returns and he has to allow that she was right. Outpost, at the edge of everything else, was no place for a young man with his life before him. He’s sardonic, then that mood passes too.
Out to the Grounder, that voice reminding him to strap in even as he is strapping in. Door whooshing shut, slight jerk, and he is on his way. When the door opens again, he finds himself stepping out into a huge covered area – everywhere white white – a large awkward looking craft just before him, ramp up to an already open door. Crossing, he catches a glimpse of the drive unit to the rear, an enormous bulbous structure with a smooth white surface.
There is a saucer hovering just inside the door. It bobs twice, saying:
‘Welcome to the Kensing 356. This craft will take us to Claudy 3. The journey will take approximately six years and sixty one days, travelling at the permitted maximum velocity of 1414L. Please follow me now and carefully follow all of my instructions, which will ensure a save journey for you… You should first stow your possessions in one or more of these compartments… Now you should undress and place all of your clothing in this compartment… Now, please follow me to the Down Chamber. Please drink the fluid you will find in the alcove on the table to your right… Thank you. Now you should lie out in the Down Capsule… Please close your eyes and relax as best you can. Have a safe journey, Alain.’
 
A sense of newness, that is what he wakes up to. He wonders what day it is, what is due to happen today. Review is not until next month, so it’s not that. He looks back over the last weeks – then it is like a piece of wood crumbling into sawdust. Nothing.
He opens his eyes. A voice says:
‘You should drink from the spigot to the left of your mouth before moving.’
There is a white pipe beside his mouth: he sucks a metallic tasting liquid, swallowing it without hesitation. Now the voice says:
‘Do not move until you can move your fingers and toes freely.’
Some kind of clear plastic covering is lifting from the couch or bed he is lying on. A saucer is hovering to one side. The voice issues from it:
‘Alain?’
He thinks in response: there are a number of things that could be wrong, which is it? Before he can decide, he finds himself asking:
‘What year is this?’
The saucer bobs before replying:
‘The year is 7631 AM. Does that make sense to you?’
He thinks: if there is a hole here, it will be very deep – all the way down to the centre. He decides to be candid:
‘No, not really. Please explain.’
The saucer bobs again, drifting closer to him as it does.
‘Immediate situation. We are now landed on the planet Claudy 3. You have decided to settle here. When you wish it, I will explain the full circumstances and list the arrangements that have been made to secure your comfort and security here.’
His toes are wriggling of their own accord.
‘Can I get up now?’
The saucer moves back:
‘Yes, if you have full feeling in your body. But take care at first. You have been down for over six years.’
He takes care until he is standing erect beside what he knows now is a Down Capsule. He shivers, though it is not cold in the room.
‘The facilities?’
The saucer leads the way. No relieving is necessary – he is empty – but the Refresher charge does invigorate him. The saucer is waiting for him in the room – where he sees a bed along the right wall and a table and chair along the left wall – so that he can ask:
‘Do I have clothes?’
A small compartment springs open above the bed, where he sees folded clothing. It is an obviously well-cut suit of some kind, made of a good quality cloth, a very pleasant silver-grey in tone. The saucer tells him as he is dressing:
‘Other garments have been supplied for your use. These will be found in the compartment alongside the at-present open one. The footwear beside the table are also yours. There is also other footwear here more appropriate to the environment on this planet.’
He thinks: food now, even as the saucer says:
‘Food and drink are available for you in the next room.’
He has a choice of both food and drink, so he presses for water and what seems to be a thick soup-like preparation. There is a little table and a little chair for his use. The soup is very tasty and very satisfying, the water cool and seemingly fresh. It is as though some kind of more vivid life is returning to him. He asks the saucer:
‘How long was I down?’
‘Six years and sixty one days. A collision necessitated a minor change of course four years ago.’
Then the next question, an edge of anxiety suddenly pressing his now-full gut:
‘Can I leave here?’
Down a short corridor and a door opening to the right. Even before he reaches it, he can sense sunlight, wind, a balmy air. He just stands in the doorway, sunlight on his face, wind ruffling his hair, warm air in his lungs – real air, real light, real wind – his body feeling as though over eight thousand years in the dark until this moment.
He shouts out loud, very loud indeed.
 
Then he must change footwear, the saucer insisting that the terrain is too rough for his plastic sneakers. And this is true, the inviting green grass is a lot more uneven to walk on than was apparent from the door of the landing craft. But there is a joy in trodding – however clumsily at first – this real turf, grass so green, shining yellow flowers, white star-like flowers, even modest little violet-blue flowers, all dotted among the tufts everywhere he looks. And then the sky: the sky is a vivid blue, its intensity eased by fluffy clouds with gleaming edges, and the sun itself: up above all, radiant and so bright, waves of a comforting warmth embracing him.
It is the intense radiance that finally stops him. It is striking him like a silent noise, a clamour that touches a fear in him, as though the sun and its light could somehow banish the vast and deep black of a starless vacuity that he knows haunts him now. He nods ruefully: so much for Claudy 3 and its sunshine. How vain the stars are, whole galaxies of them burning themselves out in an attempt to light the deep nothing.
It is the saucer that breaks into his silence:
‘Does this planet not please you, Alain?’
The saucer is hovering close by him, on his left. For once, at least, he is glad of its company. He asks, part rhetoric, but also part challenging:
‘Does it please you?’
The saucer does one of its little bobs:
‘I am not capable of being pleased, Alain. You know that, so why ask that question?’
‘How do you know whether you can be pleased or not?’
There is a tartness in the saucer’s tone:
‘Pleasure is a human experience not available to machines. But you know that, Alain, so again: why ask that question?’
He doesn’t know why he is so argumentative with the saucer. It is not out of irritation, as such, more he suspects because he is disappointed, though with what he is not yet sure. Has he been let down by his own negative response to this lovely place, or is he annoyed because he was still naïve enough to expect to be happy here?
‘How can you know that pleasure – as you call it – is a human experience when you cannot experience pleasure yourself? You are like the blind man who claims he knows what red is like.’
The saucer moves in a complicated way, as though it was trying to move in different directions at once. It is silent for a surprisingly long time before responding:
‘Yes. I understand you now, Alain. I have words only to guide me. Images of human pleasure only serve to illustrate words. Without words those images would be meaningless. The question then is: how true are words?’
He is surprised to feel pleased by this answer. He turns to face the saucer:
‘You see, Machine: you can be a metaphysician too.’
The saucer bobs with some energy:
‘But that does not answer the question, does it?’
He turns to walk on, waving the saucer to follow, saying:
‘Well, Machine, I don’t have an answer either.’
 
The land about him is flat, trees at a near horizon to his right, a low hill rising off to his left, more grass on away in front of him. He tells the saucer:
‘Let’s try the hill first. Get an overview.’
He tramps across the sward, the sun now at his back – which rests his eyes – a light wind coming from his left. His muscles do ache, not used to such toil, but he presses on anyway, his breath raspy too: even so, an elation in him rising from how his whole body is active now. At one point he asks the saucer:
‘This land is not used?’
‘Very little used. It would suit animals, but the inhabitants do not have many animals. The wild animals, such as there are, keep to the forests to the north and far south, away from the human habitation.’
 The slope is shallow, but it does make demands on him that he can barely manage, stopping frequently to get his breath, conscious that he is sweating copiously into what he now finds are very confining garments, never meant for outdoor wear. Yet reaching the top is very rewarding. The feeling that the effort was worthwhile does surprise him: the sense of achievement as though coming from nowhere in him.
Then he looks about him. The land is flat, though hills can be seen away to his left – purple in the slight haze of the bright air – even what might be mountains rising beyond, though they might be dark clouds instead. But here before him he can see farm lands, wide fields with plants in long lines, the dark bulks of the tending machines among them. There are a lot of fields right around him, all filled with lines of plants and their attendant machines. The trees he had seen earlier are more extensive than was apparent below, constituting a small wood with what seems the valley of a river running through it. He traces this river – its enclosing valley as a dark shadow line – back to the left until he comes upon a smaller copse of trees, among which he espies houses. They are not easily apparent in the landscape, he realises, because the materials used – mostly wood, it would seem from where he is – blend with the surrounding vegetation.
The sight of the houses galvanises him. He has hardly recovered from the effort of the climb, but off he goes down the hill again. Rushing downhill over uneven ground uses a different set of muscles, so he is soon doubly racked, his bones now like hot metal burning into his flesh. And yet he is still moving, still breathing hard but coping, above all he is coping with the strain. At the bottom of the hill he stops and asks the saucer:
‘Is this planet earth-like?’
‘It claims to be the most earth-like planet in the universe. There are another twenty five thousand four hundred and twenty one planets that also make the same claim.’
‘Strange. My father visited Earth. He said it was not what he expected. It rained all the time, grey cloud, sour air. More like Midway, yes?’
He is relieved by this little exchange, so much so that he can resume his charge across the flat grassland, learning this time to leap from sod to sod, the grass pleasantly springy under his feet.
There is birdsong under the trees and in places the rattle of leaves. He pauses in the cool shade here, wanting to quieten himself before meeting the village inhabitants. He asks the saucer:
‘How should I proceed here?’
‘You will be treated as the representative of the Galactic Council. Your task here is deliberately vague, more to do with general planetary conditions than with the inhabitants themselves. This will allow you to live wherever you wish. There is already a bank account in your name here, which will be maintained at a reasonable level, which should allow you a comfortable existence here. The necessary documents are in the craft, so you should keep all contact here today on an informal level. I will translate as needed. Alain, be kind to the people here, they are good people.’
The last sentence takes him by surprise, a curiously affective warmth in the tone. He is touched by this, so that he asks, with just a hint of irony:
‘How do you know they are good?’
The saucer’s tone is dry:
‘Statistics, Alain. Statistics alone.’
 
This takes a few minutes to discover: the village is deserted. He turns on the saucer:
‘Did you know that there was nobody here?’
‘I know now.’
‘Explain.’
‘This is an independent planet, so records are kept locally and updated to the local administration at ten-yearly intervals. The local administration then updates to the local galactic administration at some greater interval, up to one hundred years. Machine will only consult with local galactic records in specific circumstances. You need to understand, Alain, that though Machine is presented as a unitary entity, the vast distances within the universe means that it can be present only as a localised entity. The reason I, that is the version of Machine familiar to you, can speak to you is because I travelled here with you. The local version of Machine would not have known you, though it has since been updated. All that said and presumably understood, I have only now discovered that the last inhabitant disappeared from this planet one hundred and forty two years ago. Note that I say disappeared. There are no records of death on this planet for the last three hundred and ten years. The inhabitants are treated as disappeared because they ceased to register in local records at some point or other.’
He has by now entered three of the houses. One is completely dilapidated, insects already enjoying the resources available there. The next house was large, probably the residence of the headman: a lot of metal finish – very tarnished – the skeleton of a dog lying on what must have been a soft settee of sorts. The third is still in fairly good condition – obviously belonging to one recently disappeared – fabric covering still intact, brightly coloured. Here there is small box lying on a table in the main room. He opens it: inside is an image device. The saucer can activate it for him: a man and a woman, a boy aged about ten, a girl about seven. All smile uncertainly. Their clothes are coarse, some kind of twine, but their eyes are bright and hopeful.
It’s that image that checks him: the planet no longer just a rock out in space – it’s a place where people lived, worked and – disappeared. There is now a question he can ask the saucer, in effect ask Machine. Claudy3 depopulated, Midway and Outpost depopulated. But now is not the time for that conversation.
So it is down to look at the little river, flowing over a sandy bed just below the village. Then it’s back up into the copse behind the village. Birdsong again, pleasant dappled shade: but this time he notices that there is fruit hanging on many of the trees. A kind of pear, not fully ripe yet, but – when sampled – still very tasty on his dry palate. He asks the saucer:
‘If I pack some of these, could you carry them?’
Seems it could, providing they are packed in a box of some kind – to give the saucer a flat surface to hold against its plate. A box is found – indestructible plastic – and he picks and loads the ripest of the fruit that he can find. The saucer hovers over the box, draws it up close, and away they go, back over the grassland again. Only now does he notice that the sun is sinking away to his left, the day gradually drawing to a close. The spectacle quietens him in a familiar way, that sense of completion that he has not experienced since leaving Yortbort and that long-gone age. And he thinks how strangely universal human feeling is: determined not by space or time, but by event – any sunset, any death, any victory, no matter where or when. He’s confident that a man fifty thousand years ago would feel much as he does at this moment, standing on any world and watching any sun setting.
It is the saucer who cuts across this meditation:
‘Do you fear the setting of the sun, Alain? The loss of light?’
He can answer that question immediately:
‘No, Machine. I celebrate the achievements of the day, knowing that the sun will rise again tomorrow, heralding a new day and new achievements.’
‘What achievements today, Alain?’
‘Well, the fruit you carry, for one. I have not picked fruit for over eight thousand years, not since I was last in my uncle’s garden, stealing from his apple tree as a child.’
‘Is there another?’
‘Yes, as you should know, Machine. I made a metaphysician of you.’
Silence. He had not intended challenging Machine, more – given the opportunity – to provoke him out of some obscure motive.
 
It is only when they have returned to the craft and he has eaten, and then taken the little chair outside, where he could sit and watch the sun set in a red glory, that the saucer asks:
‘But what do I do – as a machine – if you as a human do not know the truth of words?’
He has so far eaten five of the pears, a hunger for some sensation that he finds far away behind the fruit, almost no more than a memory, but sweet and gentle. His body does ache after all his exertion, but he feels that this is a reward of some kind: not a memory, this, but more like a promise – more like an indirect reaching for an occult capacity. But he does say to the saucer – which hovers quite close by his head, facing also towards the red sun:
‘Your concern – as a machine – is not with words, but with coded instructions. Humans use words in this case for their own convenience, but you receive the code as binary sequences. But I grant, even so, that the question of the status of words can be significant. Especially for an administrative unit such as yourself, Machine. So, allow me propose a test for you – and please don’t give me a set of definitions in the next couple of milliseconds. It is this: what is the difference between a reflection and a copy. Make sure you do some work on that, you hear.’
 
When you wake up racked with pain, what is your first thought? Yes, what’s behind this pain? He doesn’t find it strange to see the pain in his limbs, across his gut, as just so many galaxies in a universe. It’s a matter of array: the universe like a man in the morning after a day’s hard labour. Then he thinks: at least there’s the darkness beyond, the quiet, cold darkness – and he has it:
 
‘I should have been a pair of ragged claws
Scuttling across the floors of silent seas.’
 
How satisfying that vision is: poetry and metaphysics first thing in the morning.
He’s through the facilities – the Refresher charge not a good idea if you have been very active recently – before he wonders at the curious flood of thoughts he awoke to. And there’s even irony: why not, when you are the only man alive on a planet? King of a world?
The saucer is hovering nearby when he comes out into the sleeping area, so he asks it:
‘Appropriate clothing?’
And sure there is such a thing. Cotton this time of year, loose fitting pants and tunic, not white but a pleasant nondescript beige. Breakfast is more of the thick soup, augmented thankfully with three pears before he is full. Then he steps out into his world, stepping into a sunny bright morning, cool wind on his face this time of day. The hills off to his left attract his attention, so he calls to the saucer – which seems also to be surveying the planet:
‘Is there a flyer of some kind? Hopefully with windows?’
There is. Not a long wait and this small craft, transparent canopy on a flat bed, two seats, one control stick, comes into sight from someplace off to his right. It lands at his feet and sections on either sides of the canopy open to allow access to the seating. He need only point and the craft is up and away, silent, little or no inertia, skimming just above the grass, heading for the hills.
The saucer says with no warning:
‘Two approaches, Alain. One: all copies are reflections, but not all reflections are copies. Two: all copies are representations, but no reflection can be a representation.’
The hills are more interesting than he expected the closer they come. And the dark masses beyond them are in fact mountains, heavily wooded mountains, the wilderness. The hills have greater depth than was apparent from the distance, shallow valleys winding out through outriders of a central hill. He points the flyer along one of these valleys – following a blind instinct here – until he espies a platform extending in the valley between two hills, where he brings the flyer down. He replies before getting out:
‘There’s a contradiction. An obvious one. Is there an explanation?’
The air is sweet and light. Birdsong among trees edging the river. Flowers in the low grass. A comforting sense of confinement, the hills protective. 
‘The two theses are different perspectives. The first thesis defines copies and reflections in terms of image. The second thesis defines them in terms of perception. I can vouch for the first thesis but not for the second.’
He walks over towards the river, the saucer hovering just to his left. He observes, breathing the sweet air with some contentment:
‘Yes. I can appreciate your difficulty with the second thesis. The following might help. A man catches sight of his reflection in a mirror. For an instant he thinks that the reflection is more real than his existential self. But then he realises that this is not the case, that he himself is more real than the reflection. Question: which entity is more real: the man before he sees his reflection, or the man after he has seen his reflection?’
The river is pleasantly full, but not so wide that it cannot be easily forded, especially at a point just upriver of the platform, where it spreads out over sand. He calls to the saucer:
‘Can you bring the lander up here?’
The saucer just bobs, which he takes to be an affirmative. He expels a lungful of sweet air with a slow lingering sigh: this will be his home, all-alone on a planet in an all-alone universe.
 
If every morning will be like this – rosy-fingered dawn sky, bright sun-rays slanting through the trees down by the river, the chuckle of passing water, and the ever-present singing of hosts of happy birds – then perhaps some kind of immortality would be desirable. If he could sing, then sing he would: but at least he can hum to himself, a vague ditty at first then a melody he recognises as one that the woman had sang for him on Outpost. He wonders how she is, then realises that she would still be down on her way back to her home, and would be down for almost another thirty years. He is surprised how hurt he is by this realisation, as though he has harboured a secret longing to see her again. It’s hard to think that he will be in his fifties here when she awakens again, a hermit alone on a far distant planet, perhaps mad with no one to pass judgement on him.
Again, he is struck by how strange alone-ness is. He was alone on Outpost in the company of the woman: here he is merely lonely – yes, that he will admit to himself now. See it in how he chatters to the saucer, driven to seek the company of a machine.
He has by now prepared himself for the day, dressed in the loose cotton clothes, fortified for the day with another ration of sweet pears. The air is cool, upland air. He realises he has never been among hills before. His parents had favoured the coastal resort at Pinku year after year, safe among their own kind, an endless rounds of sedate gatherings, all in bed by ten. How different the atmosphere here. He feels braced, keen to explore further. But first things first. He asks the saucer, at his elbow as usual:
‘Construction?’
‘As you wish, Alain. That is part of the arrangement. You can plan in detail or just give directions as needs be.’
‘Good to hear, Machine. What I would like first of all is this. Let me show you.’
He walks across the grass to the bank of the river, upstream of the line of trees, and defines an area with his hand:
‘I would like seating here for two, facing out over the river. Is that possible?’
The saucer does a familiar bob:
‘Already in train. Materials?’
‘Wood, if possible. If would blend in here.’
‘Wood it is. And for your information: there is a large supply of prepared timber available at a number of mills across the planet.’
‘Good to hear. I liked the housing in the village. Perhaps something along those lines can be built. But let us leave that for today, Machine. I would like the seating to begin with. Otherwise, today I want to explore the mountains to the north of here using the flyer.’
 
The seating for two is an empty gesture: this he knows. Her husband had done the same back on Outpost, where he sat alone contemplating the abyss at his feet. An empty gesture, perhaps, but it works. Even when he sat looking in that abyss, the presence of the empty seat at his side seemed some kind of company, perhaps no more than a wish for company. And so be it here. He’s going to have to learn to live with himself, sitting in the evening with an imaginary companion, watching the sky turn tangerine as the sun sets out of sight behind a hill.
For now, though, the flyer is approaching the first outriders of the mountains, already densely forested, a dark foliage, tight and forbidding. He asks the saucer about wild life:
‘Three main species. A cat-like creature with surprisingly short legs, that stumps along rather than runs. The density of the forest would probably dictate that development. Then there is its prey: a number of related species, deer-like in the main, but with some attributes of the earth cattle kind. Its gait is also more stumping along then running, but each species has horns of one kind or another, some sharply pointed, others elaborate antler-like arrays – the latter may not be native to this environment, but driven here by human habitation. The final kind is somewhat strange. The nearest equivalent to earth animal-kind is the squirrel, except that it is much larger and far more aggressive, though mainly in defence rather that attack. Yet, it makes a very fine pet, once they are taken in hand early. Men, especially, are fond of them, going so far as to bear them about on their shoulders.’
The problem with densely forested mountains is that finally you can see little or nothing. There are slopes that he sees as going up, others that he sees as going down, then rocky outcrops suddenly in places, one especially dramatic, a projection overlooking more dark forest. Then there is this large gash running down one slope, across a narrow valley and up the other side. Raw exposed terrain, somewhat weathered but still a wound inflicted here. The saucer answers his unasked question:
‘This generated a local galactic-wide controversy, Alain. Universal Metals discovered very ancient ruins here – said by some not to be human – but they destroyed the entire site, fearing that the authorities would close the whole system down until the site was evaluated. Claudy Enterprises didn’t learn about this place until a century after they had bought the system from UM. The fact that CE did nothing about it complicated its case against UM, and probably was the chief cause for the delay in resolving it. As it is, the Galactic Commission didn’t find out until about two hundred years ago, but the site had been so thoroughly obliterated by UM that nothing useful was found. Only part of what might have been a single plaque remained, but the script has not so far been deciphered. The Commission is undertaking a systematic search of the entire galaxy in the hope of finding other remains. But no luck so far.’
‘Is there radiation?’
‘No. They used flash weapons.’
‘Can we land down on the level part, in the valley?’
The ground is just ash, completely dead, but compressed now after centuries of weathering. He just walks out on this grey surface, haunted by a unique feeling: like there was a bottom to some pit, that was so isolated that it felt like a beginning – rather than an end – a kind of raw material for constructing a universe that would come to teem with life. Yes, he can see the edge of the dark forest not very far away, blue sky above, radiant sunlight: but still the ground he walks upon is like somewhere else altogether. Was this because aliens might have lived here? Perhaps another reality, absolutely different from this one. A kind of interpenetration of realities, at right angles, say.
This thought does haunt him powerfully, bringing him to an edge he knew nothing about previously. Could there be an altogether different reality from the one he lives in? What if the entire construct of everything was completely different from even the most profound, most searching human thought or insight? What if the thought about the absolute is-ness of being was about as significant as wondering what was around the next bend on a road? What if the greatest human terror – the fear of difference – was no more than a infant’s hesitation in the face of a new taste, a new sound? What if death didn’t matter?
He finds that he has walked right over to the forest’s edge, a sharp line: here compacted ash, there mosses, hardy grasses, mountain flowers, trunks of trees with darkness beyond. The relief the sight of the forest brings him is so sweet that he finds that the idea of a heart singing is true. His heart is happy, his gut celebrating, even his gonads moved to a kind of dance. And to cap all this, an animal appears out of the gloom of the forest: the purest white fur, large soft eyes, enormous antlers like a palace chandelier. He raises his right hand to it – an instinctive gesture – and the animal ducks its head, the mighty antlers flashing in the sunlight, and issues a low cooing sound. Then it turns around and heads back into its dark domain, clumping along on its short legs.
What a place to call home.
 
Surprise upon return to base. Not two seats, but a bench – sufficient perhaps for three, but also for lying upon – the wood bright and smooth, gracefully curved, even small table extensions at either end. He goes to it directly and sits on the right side, feet flat to the ground, hands joined in his lap. It is early evening, sky already tinted for evenfall, birds in the air homeward winging. The river chuckles contentedly as ever, the water clear running over the stony bed. He finally notices that a bird sits on a nearby branch, apparently watching him, even watching him with interest. The saucer tells me, unasked:
‘It is call the Ming-ming. An interesting species. Some believe that it is a highly intelligent creature, perhaps the equal of humans. Even so, all tests show that it is a profoundly stupid creature, content to sit in a cage and issue a low cry every one hundred and three seconds precisely. This cry – ming-ming – is the source of its name, so called by the Han settlers on South Plateau, though the Slav inhabitants hereabouts render the cry as bling-bling. But, as you can see here and now, the bird is obviously intelligent. There are people who claim they can talk to it, though they also admit that the bird’s language – especially the syntax – is very unusual. There is some evidence for this. The bird will not respond in captivity – as I have said – but in the wild it is possible to get a significant – if not intelligible – response from it. Perhaps you would like to try, Alain. I would find this interesting, as this is the first time I have encountered the creature.’
He sees the bird shake its head just as the saucer finishes speaking. Curious, he asks it, voice loud in the quiet evening air:
‘Did you understand any of that?’
The response of the bird resembles a shrug. He gets up and approaches closer, the better to see it. Knowing little of nothing about birds – though loving their song – he has no way of judging its appearance. It looks a bit like an owl – big eyes, hunched, implacable stare – but also a bit like an eagle – large claws and apparently wide wings, to judge from how they extend folded below its body. He asks:
‘Do you consider this planet earth-like?’
It is a stupid question to ask a bird on a far-away planet, but not a stupid question for an intelligent bird.
The bird replies with a series of clicks and snorts, then ends with an audible bling-ming.
He nods, then says:
‘Yes. That is a better way to view the question. If here is earth-like, then earth must be here-like. Yes?’
He now says to the saucer:
‘This bird is not intelligent, as such – all life is intelligent, if intelligence if regarded as the act of discernment – but it is most certainly wise.’
The saucer, of course, has no answer to all this. How could it, he is after all talking nonsense. At least, he thinks it is safer to regard his reply to the bird’s statement as nonsense: rationally, he doesn’t know what the bird said, if it said anything at all.
He thinks with irony – a fatalistic irony – that at least he has someone to talk to now.
 
Another bright morning, sun still behind a hill, so cool by the river. He has eaten his breakfast this morning seated on the bench, bowl of thick soup, tumbler of clear water, plus three pears, all on the little table at his side. A sense of leisure sits upon an abiding anxiety, like bubbles upon a hot acid: he only now learning that he is not by nature an idle person. Life is like a stairway for him, each step he takes implies the next one to be taken. And the question for him now is this: where is the next step on the dead-end planet?
A coincidence, surely, but the saucer drops a little nearer to him and says:
‘Your question, Alain, in effect asks: can an image be any more true than a word? I agree that the truth of a copy is trivial, and at most raises the question of the truth of the original. And the truth of a reflection? I have so far consulted four thousand years of what you might loosely call philosophy, and the best answer I have so far is this: even the reflection of a copy is not true, if only because a reflection cannot be real. And yet, Alain, the entity in your mirror syllogism – for that is what it is: thesis, antithesis, synthesis – can believe – if only for an instant – that his reflection is more true than his living self. And despite realising that this is not the case, the synthesis tells us that the man now has knowledge of this reflection, and is so contaminated by it. Which, I presume, is the burden of your note to the effect that the Reflection is the Shadow that haunts what you call the Soul. So, to answer your question, it must be the case that the man who has no knowledge of himself is more real than the man who knows – or thinks he knows – who he is.’
‘How very precise, Machine. And now I have one last assignment for you. First of all, please locate a reputable edition of the following work – the title and text is in an ancient language called German, from around 1800 AD. The author is Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel. The title of the work is: Phaenomenologie des Geistes. Tell me if these details are not clear for you, and I will key them up on the tablet. Now, the author believed that logic underlies reality, so that we must treat this text as a treatise in logic. As you are a superlative logic engine, you should be better able to assess the cogency of this work than me, or perhaps any other human. Take your time.’
He has a sense of relief: he feels he has lifted a great burden from himself. He knows he cannot undo knowledge, the least he can do is place the burden in abeyance. Until the machine can make its judgement he will be free of this particular weight. For now, he is no longer a metaphysician.
That decided, the other burden now assails him. As though read to him by the dead poet himself, he hears:
‘Let us go then, you and I,
When the evening is spread out against the sky’
 
The flyer is taking him towards the ocean that he has been told encircles the planet at its equator. The impulse was a reflex: just somewhere else to go, not grassland, not hill or mountain. Just blue ocean. However, flying over the worked farmland and noticing the busy machines again, he asks the saucer:
‘Farm machines?’
The flyer slows down as the saucer begins:
‘There are contracts to fulfil, Alain. These machine are through-programmed and will continue their work indefinitely. Come, it should interest you.’
The flyer drops down abruptly – though no inertia – until its hovering alongside a freight machine loaded with a large fruit.
‘This is the punko fruit – apparently a cross between the earth pineapple and a weed called abysto from some far off galaxy – which as you can see here grows to a height of two meters. It was a novelty at first, treated as little more than a sport, too big for domestic use, but still valued because it can retain the unique pineapple flavour – which is lost very rapidly upon breaching the fruit – for very long periods. Then, it was distilled illegally, when it was discovered to provide a strong liquor with a very distinctive tang. Now it is one of the most popular alcoholic drinks over this half of the universe. You can why this planet continues to produce and export the punko fruit. One consequence is that Claudy 3 is by now one of the richest planets in this galaxy, which is to be expected, now that it has minimal costs to bear.’
The flyer moves on now, passing other freighters, until they arrive at a very large installation. Here the saucer explains:
‘The fruit is frozen here, then packed in containers – which will be hauled by the rail system to the space port down on the coast.’
The track system – on the far side of the installation – is very extensive. The freight flats are long, supported as expected by neutral-gravity plates, linked when loaded in very long consists that are then pulled by enormous flash-drive engines, which are capable of very high speeds on the straight sections of the railway.
That seen, the flyer takes him on down to the coast, following the rail lines – of which there are six, all in constant use – until they reach the perimeter of the spaceport. The saucer again:
‘We cannot enter the spaceport, for obvious safety and security reasons, but you can see from here how extensive and busy it is. Claudy 3 supplies no less then fifteen nearby systems with punko fruit for their distilleries. At least ten inter-system freighters leave here every day to be linked to one of the many flash-drive units in orbit above.’
The layout of the port is self-descriptive. Below he can see how the rail lines split up into many lines that run away towards the two lines of docks that are arrayed down the port. The freighters are enormous, white and featureless, unmanned, each with a series of open loading bays into which the fruit containers are being drawn by conveyor lines running directly from the rail flats. Even as he watches, he sees a long train draw up alongside a freighter and with a delay of only minutes begins to shunt forward flat by flat as the series of conveyors offload it with remarkable speed and efficiency.
He is impressed. And daunted by the blind bustle within the port, even more so when he sees one of the freighters – obviously fully loaded – rise slowly but steadily from a dock over towards the far side of the port. No noise that he can hear, no commotion there whatsoever, just an unloaded train moving away onto a track that will take it out of the port and back to the freeze installation for another load. He says:
‘This example of machine efficiency is daunting, Machine. No wonder people come to feel superfluous.’
‘Perhaps, Alain. But you must always remember that humans created these systems. This situation was implicit even back when the wheel was invented, perhaps before that, when man first twisted grass to form a rope. If I was pressed to define man, I would do so in terms of his vision, that he can see what does not yet exist. And if the result of this vision has the effect of excluding man from his world, then that must be seen as a conceivable eventuality. Alain, you wish to define man in terms of his mind, but as a machine, I would define him in terms of what you have called his transcendence, that man can see himself beyond any actuality he might ever create.’
‘How wise you are, Machine. I know you will tell me that it is a simple matter of logic, of bracketing, on your part. Even so, your considered judgement here has the benefit of a simple wisdom. You may again say that you could not do otherwise, but you do see clearly, which is by any estimation a great virtue.’
‘I quote, Alain: the best foundation of a friendship is mutual admiration.’
‘I hope that is not flattery, Machine.’
 
The saucer now wants to show him the administrative system, sited in what is the capital city of the planet, but he is by now weary of industry. Instead he has the flyer run along the coast – as he had originally intended – down at the shoreline when convenient, just above the rollers crashing onto beaches of fine sand. He says to the saucer:
‘I take it that an ocean encircling a planet would be boisterous.’
‘Yes. Except on this planet, where there is a curious organism. It is best that I show you.’
The flyer rises and speeds up, climbing over a headland and on down into a deep inlet. Even as the flyer descends he can see how turgid the water is in here, indicated by the waves of the open ocean frothing at the mouth of the inlet. Landed on a stony beach, the saucer leads him down to what looks like a thick scum that seems to smother the water’s edge. He approaches cautiously, noticing already how continuous and smooth the surface of this scum is, till he is only a couple of paces away. Then the scum seems to move, surging out of its own volition, shaping itself until it takes the form of a beautiful naked woman, laid out languidly on her back. He recoils, the fascination in him little different from nausea. The saucer says at his back:
‘I didn’t mean to trick you, Alain. Perhaps I should have warned you that this creature can express you deepest longings, your deepest fears. But if I had put you on your guard, you would not have witnessed this curious ability it has.’
And even as the saucer speaks, he can see how the figure changes, legs extending, arms shrinking, head broadening and deepening, until it comes to resembles a kind of frog. Now this does startle him, both a profound recognition and at the same time a deep revulsion. Is this how he really regards women? At once the figure changes rapidly – until it resembles the child, Abigail: legs widely spread, arms above the head, the face split by a broad leer. Worst of all, the vagina is extended, a gaping hole, dark, so dark.
He turns and runs away, both shocked and disbelieving, running towards he knows not what. He seems to run a long way at great speed, uphill then down again and then up again: as far as he can run from that horror by the sea. Finally, he stops and sits down abruptly on the grass. He has enough presence of mind, even now, to examine this experience with objectivity, though he knows he is strongly tempted to manipulate his thought here. First, he tries to understand the image of the vagina. Of course he is familiar with the standard interpretation of his experience: the all devouring vagina, but that is the life phenomenon, no more. And his response is the standard one: the man threatened with absorption, consumed by the woman.
The saucer says in a low careful tone:
‘Should I speak, or will you?’
He looks up at the saucer, conscious at the same time of the blue sky beyond, the bright sunlight, the faint buzz of flies.
‘Only if you have more to add than the last thousands of years of psychology.’
The saucer stays silent. So he says:
‘Two things to note, Machine. One: if this is the creature you said inhabits this ocean, then I can tell you that it quite a primitive thing, that operates only at the level of soul. Two: it knows nothing of what I can best call, in the circumstances here, love. I will explain for your information, Machine, then we will perform an experiment on this beast. The entity the scum created was a grotesque simulation – taken from my memory of the girl with whom I experienced love. Let me tell you first, that this girl – her name was Abigail – and I later attempted to develop a normal relationship in our teens, but neither of us was sufficiently interested in the other to bring it to fruition. Abigail later married and had children. So, what do I mean when I say I experienced love with this girl when we were aged about eleven? It happened to me in an instant, though I am not sure now if it happened reciprocally to Abigail. But I have to admit that while I am certain of this experience, I know nothing of its content, or of its significance. Except this – thinking now – it may have influenced, if not determined, the course of my life, my interest in metaphysics, for instance, and also – again thinking now – my deep interest in just one ancient poem. I won’t elaborate on all this now, Machine. Instead let us go back to the shore and see what we can discover there of this love experience.’
So the flyer comes up very rapidly, he and the saucer get aboard. And down they go again to the edge of the ocean. The scum is rippling to a steady beat – perhaps even pleased with itself – as he approaches right up to its edge. His tone is challenging, not out of hatred or the like, but just a straight-forward dare:
‘Now tell me what love is.’
And he projects his memory of the love experience – seeing even as he does how a shape forms within himself, a kind of cloud that is both featureless and yet so familiar.
And the scum? The ripple ceases abruptly, the surface perfectly smooth. Then there is a shape: it is the image of himself.
He responds instantly, the conviction implacable:
‘No! You cannot see love, scum.’
And then he knows why:
‘You are alone. You are singular.’
Then he sees love: two wings. He knows these are symbols, but he also knows – at last – that he is not alone.
He turns to the saucer and says simply:
‘I am not alone, Machine.’
The saucer says:
‘I will accept that datum, Alain. Though I can never understand it.’
 
The flyer is out over the ocean, travelling at speed and climbing at a shallow angle, before the saucer says, speaking in an impersonal tone:
‘The amoeboid you have been communicating with extends throughout the ocean, and serves principally to contain that body of water. Its secondary characteristic – which you have witnessed – is inexplicable, both in terms of origin and function. It has proved impossible to study the entity as samples taken of it die within minutes. There is a body of opinion that considers this planet as unique in the universe. Nowhere else has evidence of an alien civilization been found, and nowhere else are there such a collection of odd creatures. One theory – which is not accepted generally – that attempts to explain the curiosities of the planet argues that it is some kind of interface between two coexistent universes, each of which exists in its own space-time continuum. Support for this theory is provided by the fact that all the creatures here communicate on a level below human consciousness but which can still be received by humans, though without any experience of such contact. This has led to speculation that human beings themselves may possess sensitivities of some kind at subconscious levels. And this argument then has been used to propose that this second universe might coexist with this universe on that deeper level, which explains why humans have no direct awareness of it.’
The ocean below seems like an enormous jelly. There are pulses running through it – no doubt the effect of the planet’s rotation – but obviously heavily damped by the scum. He watches this with a subdued fascination, allowing a kind of familiarly strange feeling to flow through himself, until he asks:
‘Where are we going?’
‘I thought you should complete your tour of the planet by surveying the South Plateau. It is late winter over there now, and as it lies at over 2000 metres above the level of the ocean, it will be cold and perhaps stormy. But you should have a sense of the entire planet before you make a final decision on where you will settle.’
If it is becoming colder, there is no sense of that inside the flyer. And the sky is still blue, though perhaps a chilled blue now, and the sunlight perhaps thinner. Then he catches first sight of the great bank of clouds on the far horizon, and soon after sees the dark hulk of what must be a very high cliff, which extends horizon to horizon, left to right before him. The cliff is naked rock, a dark stone, the ocean washing up against it far below with plumes of white foam. Then they are over land, flat and rocky here, obviously stripped by constant strong winds. And after this naked land there is snow and ice, glistening in the sun until they suddenly enter the bank of cloud. The flyer continues forward without reducing speed, moisture from the clouds soon coating the whole canopy, until he can see nothing anymore, just the odd sparkle of light on drops of water as they run down the cover.
He asks:
‘We are going somewhere?’
‘Yes, Alain. A good place to allow you appreciate this very different world up here.’
He has very little experience of extreme climatic conditions – in fact, only that one visit with fellow students to the highlands on Yortbort, where he was instantly repelled by the prospect of careering down a steep slope on a narrow board – and less interest. He is about to suggest that a quick summary by the saucer would do instead, when the flyer drops down out of the cloud and zooms over a frigid landscape, only white snow to be seen, nothing else. He is about to speak, when the saucer says:
‘Now, Alain.’
And now is a walled structure, several storeys high, narrow slits for windows here and there, and just an entrance barely wide enough for the flyer to pass through. Inside there is an open area, some smaller structures, this time with larger windows. The flyer settles and the saucer says:
‘It is extremely cold outside, Alain, but no wind in here. I suggest you run across to that entrance you see in front of you.’
And it is cold, very cold indeed, a biting chill that penetrates the loose cottons clothes to set goose pimples over his entire body. He runs, his breath a cloud he is running through, a vagrant warmth like a tease on his face. The entrance opens just as he reaches it and he charges on through, lights coming on so that he can see that he is in a large room. The door closes behind him and at once he feels the heat rise, radiating it seems from everywhere. The saucer says at his back:
‘This is Zaoxi. It was the main settlement of the Han peoples. Most of it, as you will see, is underground – for obvious reasons. I know you will ask why people would want to live and work in this desolate place, so let me tell you. These particular clans were indebted peoples. To the extent that indebtedness is essentially a private matter, we can only conjecture what event brought these unfortunates to this end. It could have been that CE saved them – perhaps abandoned on some planet after a failed settlement or the like – or they could have been bought from any number of corporations. The debt would then be paid off by means of a fixed period of indenture, usually about three or four hundred years, and served under terms defined by the corporation alone. The situation with the Slav clans settled on the southern half of the planet was obviously different. They were free peoples who contracted to work for CE, again for a defined period, in return for specific working conditions and payments. This explains the very different life conditions of these people here. The arrangement on this planet was geared mainly to provide food for the miners on the other planets. The Han clans grew an oil-bean plant called Hyang, which was cultivated for its excellence in building and maintaining muscle. That oil was processed along with Korfud wheat – which was grown by the Slav clans on the Northern Steppes – to provide a plain but nourishing foodstuff. Now, after the collapse of the mining venture in this system, the local galactic authorities provide the people here with the Punko plant as a cash crop. This served the Slav communities very well – as you have seen – but the plant was not really suitable for the more extreme climate conditions up here. The result was the slow decline and ultimate demise of the Han community.’
In a cold land he is very cold indeed now, chilled within if warm enough on the surface.
‘Could they not be saved again?’
‘They were already indebted. If they had been saved, CE would have claimed the balance of the debt owing to them from their new benefactors. The condition of labour is very hard, Alain, and most labourers understand this. Compared with machines, human labour is expensive and uncertain, so that where such labour is absolutely required the costs must be keep down as much as possible. Labour has only two functions: work and reproduction, which determine everything else in their lives. They do not have access to RIM because their women would be infertile and the men would not work as hard, faced as they would be with virtual immortality. You see, Alain, it is the prospect of natural death – which usually occurs within eighty years – that creates whatever value they have in their wretched lives. They adore their children, and all the more so in the knowledge that their lives will be no better than their own, as though early love can balance later pain. They are intensely loyal to each other, having no one else they can trust. They have no religious or philosophical beliefs, relying instead upon the hard-won wisdom of their own clan experience.’
‘But why did you being me here, Machine? None of this means anything to me. I will never be trapped in such a life.’
‘Alain, I wanted to show you what human life is really like. I am a machine, but it is only by witnessing to such lives do I understand human beings. It is how I understand you, Alain.’
 
A day of lessons, hard to digest when you are no more than a spoiled boy who likes to read old books. Tonight he eats at the little table, seated on the little chair, in the lander, finding himself consuming the last of the pears he had collected in the orchard down by the village. Now it is the image he had seen on the viewer in the house in that village that he thinks of. What did such people hope for? What is it like to have a need for hope?
He asks the saucer, hovering as ever by his side:
‘What do you understand of hope, Machine?’
Unusually, there is a slight pause before the saucer replies:
‘I can only quote, Alain: hope is a plant growing.’
‘That I don’t understand, Machine.’
‘As a machine, a plant means only production, like the next line in a code. Translating this into human terms – such as best I can do – I would say that hope is more time.’
‘But for what, Machine?’
‘That I don’t know, Alain. After all, I am only a machine. You would need to ask a human being. You could ask yourself.’
‘That’s the trouble, Machine. I have no need of hope.’
‘Then that is your answer, Alain. This must mean that you already possess what hopeful people hope for.’
Which doesn’t answer the question either. He goes out into the glorious evening – sky tangerine as usual, a flashing complement of a most delicious green at times. There is quiet contented birdsong in the offing. The river runs by placidly as usual. And he wonders – looking around at this most usual of evenings – if this is what poor people hope for. No. Then he sees it very clearly, not the evening – even the most unfortunate would marvel at this beauty – no, it is the stillness. He is still in his being: I am here.
So he walks on over to the wooden bench above the river and seats himself on the right hand side, as usual by now.  He asks the Ming-Ming – knowing it is on its branch looking at him, though he himself has not looked:
‘What is love?’
The answer comes just as he expected, like a cloud rising up from some hidden part of him, the cloud bearing these words:
‘Love is birds of a feather.’
He nods, asking:
‘You read my mind?’
The cloud says:
‘I know nothing of mind. I read your soul.’
This makes sense, so he asks, probing:
‘What is soul?’
And the cloud tells him:
‘Soul is the butterfly that makes this universe.’
He is snide this time, without knowing why:
‘How poetic. It is my soul you say you read.’
The cloud:
‘No. What I read in your soul.’
He compresses the negative mood, sensing some kind of resentment lurking in himself:
‘Ah. So the news is elsewhere.’
Cloud again:
‘What you call your will, which cannot lie – even to you.’
The clack of wings tells him that the Ming-Ming has departed. He sits on, the evening now in twilight, the light about him bluey, air cooling up here in the hills.
He is pleased, knowing what love is, even if he doesn’t know who or what he loves. He should have been grateful to the bird, rather than spiteful. So he breaths the words on the night air, knowing the bird will hear:
‘Thank you.’
 
It is this morning: that’s the first thought he has this morning, instantly awake and instantly thinking. There is distance, that at least he understands. He is on a planet that can reach into his will but not into his mind, like a place left behind. He understands this also. And yet it could discover love for him – a wisdom beyond even the far edge of metaphysics, that could only find Being. And he remembers poetry again, just one line:
Let us go then, you and I
He knows who the I is, but who is the you? Who do you take with you into the dark, the deep, the silent?
He misses the pears at his breakfast, having to make do with the processed soup – no matter how nutritious – and water he now finds insipid. He knows he can gather more of the fruit, but getting any other fresh food he feels is beyond him. He asks the saucer, loitering in a corner of the room this morning:
‘Do you know how to grow things, Machine?’
‘Yes, though you will need seeds to grow, Alain.’
‘Are there seeds available?’
‘According to the local records, there are a number of seed-banks on the planet. But these records are old, so it is not certain that any of this stock has survived.’
‘Good. Let us check them today. I will need fresh food in the long term, Machine. So it looks as though I must take up farming.’
He has no idea why he ate first thing this morning, sitting naked at the little table, but he now has himself cleaned up and dressed, ready for another long day.
There is someone sitting on the bench, looking out into the distance – seated on the left side of the bench. The woman has long hair, long fair hair.
It cannot be – but it is:
‘What are you doing here?’
Not what he should have said, but it helps to keep him from surrendering to any number of impulses.
She says without looking around:
‘You chose this place at random, yes?’
Her beauty strikes him as though he has never seen it before. He sits down on the right side of the bench and says:
‘I still can’t get over how beautiful you are.’
She looks him full in the face, her ancient eyes shining in the morning light. She smiles for him:
‘And I could say that I cannot get over your profound naivety, Alain.’
‘Naïve? How could you find honest admiration naïve? And don’t pretend you don’t know how beautiful you are, May, look how you have dressed it this morning.’
It was done deliberately, but the double sting – both her real name and the implied accusation – does throw her, much to his satisfaction. He watches how she balances herself, how much room within herself, as it were, that she has to manoeuvre. Then she nods:
‘So that is my name? Did Machine tell you how it came to be given to me?’
He nods in turn, now at last engaging with her, at ease with the wonder of her:
‘In memory of a unknown goddess who was honoured with flowers in the month of May.’
He sees her visibly soften. She draws the palm of both hands over her hair, from her brow over the crown of her head and down to her shoulders. It give him goose-pimples to see her do this – exactly what Trasina did when she was fully at ease with him in the evening. Remembering Trasina reminds him of her hair-clasp. He is about to speak when she says:
‘My mother had a small statue in an alcove in her bedroom. She placed flowers before it all through Spring. It had been in her family for generations.’
‘Where is it now, do you know?’
She shakes her head:
‘It passed to a cousin, who took over the family farm.’
‘Why did you not stay?’
She shrugs:
‘I wanted to be with my father. I thought it was because his life seemed more exciting, but I think now it was simply because I was more like him. And yet I eventually became a farmer, like her.’
She pauses, tensing slightly:
‘And now I must tell you something, Alain, which will explain in part why I am here. According to Machine, Outpost does not exist. No. I made it check. There is absolutely no record of it ever having existed.’
For an instant, he senses an absurdity that undoes everything he thinks he is, then he remembers how his home system does not exist either. He is suddenly crowded with competing memories: of his home and Yortbort on one side, of Outpost and the woman’s comfortable armchair on the other.
He stands up and walks to the bank of the river, and just stands there watching the water flow by. It is the word home that dominates him, the sense of peace. He looks back at the woman, still seated on the bench:
‘Will we ever go home again, May?’
She gets to her feet and he watches her approach him, how the red gown flows over the shape of her young body, not tight yet her contours vividly present. There is desire – but then there is time, thousands of years of time – and he sees clearly what he fears about sex: how time-bound it is, an enclosing that always pointed towards death. His desire for her is an abstraction, for the body of her now, not for her who was once old and fat and walked with a stick.
She comes to his side and stands with him looking down at the water flowing by:
‘Do we need to, Alain?’
Thus the young woman. He touches her arm, feeling the muscle flex slightly under the gown. She does turn to him, her mouth open, so that he kisses her impulsively. And the passion is like that too: clothes pushed aside as needs be, penetration an effort, ejaculation too soon, then just a bright morning again.
He is sitting on the grass, pants about his ankles, embarrassed. She is sitting on the ground near him, gown still up about her waist, pubic hair glistening wetly in the sunlight, bemused.
He is looking at the ground now as he says:
‘May, don’t misunderstand this, please. I am so fond of you, for both your kindness and sincerity. If I may tell you this: what I discovered on my own here on this planet is what while I was merely lonely here, I was alone with you on Outpost. This may not mean much to you, but that experience of alone-ness with you was the most rewarding experience of my life, and for that I am deeply indebted to you. So I say this now: if you want me to be your lover, I will gladly do that to the best of my ability. But I will always value more how we can be alone together.’
Most of this he would never have said to anyone under any circumstance back in his old life, yet he is just now more satisfied with  himself than he has even been.
She has covered herself and is running the palms of her hands down over her knees to her shins, obviously listening closely. Now she looks up at him, her stony eyes penetrating him:
‘For you, Alain, I will be whatever you want me to be. I say this because you understand trust, knowing that if you did me harm you would do yourself harm, and if you do me good you will do yourself good.’
He gets to his feet, draws the pants up to his waist. The he reaches and brings her to her feet. He embraces her, holding her tightly, feeling the press of her breasts, his gonads pressing into the hollow of her groin, his thighs against her thighs, her arms tight around his shoulders, cheek to cheek, together at last.
Then they are both non-plussed, a long time trying to cope with the naked intimacy they feel together. He had always assumed that this two thousand year old woman, living eight thousand years and more in his once-upon-a-time future would be different from every other woman he has known. She would know more than he could know, had experiences utterly beyond his ken, a life with such deep grooves that she could never be as naked for him as she is now. More than anyone else in his limited experience, she reminds him at the moment of Abigail sitting just in front of him in the classroom. The same exposure, vulnerability, expectancy. He is astonished to see this: just how much a woman she is, while yet remembering her on Outpost, running an entire planet and preparing homely meals in the evening, chatting later in her armchair. He remembers her bearing the history of the universe – the terrible history – and yet crying like a child in his bed.
And how is he now? Alone again, at last. Fate, destiny, necessity, all hang over him: standing on the surface of this strange planet in brilliant sunlight indifferent to everything except the naked alone-ness of the woman sitting again on the bench. And he finally understands that fateful line, so seemingly pretentious, of that insightful poet who could perceive so clearly what he feared: the very real paranoia:
Do I dare disturb the universe?
 
It is that understanding that keeps him sitting by her side on the bench, seeing but not noticing how the light on the flowing water changes through the day. He doesn’t bother to frame the thought, content to see how the universe of life and death is like a wrapping that hides the true reality – the nothingness of just being here, how everything is just this nothing, seeing how the is-ness is just this no-time instant of here-ness.
And how does the woman pass this day? She says at one point, she too staring down at the water flowing at their feet:
‘Beauty is the answer to a question. But you have to know the question, Alain.’
It is only then that he realises that she is in some way more than him, and more than him in a way that will always draw him on.
 
Later, in the dusk, she prepares them a meal in her lander, the familiar vegetables and fruits, her special dressings, and sit afterwards side by side on her bed, drinking a light spirit, silent together. Then in the night they lie side by side naked in her bed, body to body, lost in a torpor.
 
The morning after. It reminds him of the first time he slept with a woman, first-year student drunk at his first student party. He had no idea that he was regarded as good looking, and well-connected. His performance was no better that time, either, lost in a welter of odours that dismayed him, the sinking feeling that this is what life is like, after all. This time, he creeps from the bed too, out into the cool early dawn naked, stepping gingerly through the wet grass back to his lander.
He sits on his bed there, looking dumbly at his wet feet, shivering. He is thinking of Trasina, sex with Trasina, the steady flow from talking to kissing to how they intertwined, body to body, so quiet and contented, entering her smoothly, their sighs, ejaculation coming in its own time, and then sleep drowning them like a wave of bliss. The word is compatibility. Compatibility, that’s all it takes.
And yet. He gets to his feet and uses the facilities, thinking that the woman does not annul Trasina – even if she is only a fond memory now – which indicates for him that their relationship is not sexual, whatever else it might be. The only clothes available here is her son’s silver-grey suiting, which he dons. He spots his bag on the way out, remembers, decides to take the bag itself, everything he owns – he knowing this is a decision of sorts.
And the saucer knows too, for it says to him:
‘The alienation of Self-consciousness, Alain, if God can no longer be found. Create your own universe.’
He waves his hand in appreciation, saying as he leaves:
‘Thank you, Machine.’
 
The woman has prepared breakfast for them – the familiar grain and fruit dressed with a thick sweet syrup – they eating together over on the bench by the river. She’s wearing a green gown this morning, which his suspects is a cut-down version of the gown she wore for the journey to Midway. It better suits her, he thinks, its quietness fitting that calm deliberate quality she has. And she has noted how he is dressed – though he hopes she doesn’t think it is a ploy to play on her feelings. It is an accident of circumstances, one he thinks point a direction for them, an insight reinforced by how the woman is dressed: both in effect dressed for departure.
Yet the fact that they are eating indicates that they will not be leaving today, so he says to her once they have eaten:
‘Do you know that ruins of an alien civilization were found on this planet? They were obliterated, but I walked on the site and had the most extraordinary experience. Would you come and walk with me today. I’m curious to know what you would make of the place.’
It’s only at this point that he remembers again, so he hurries back to her lander and gets the clasp from his bag. He had planned the presentation as a touching moment, instead he hands it to her at the entrance to the flyer and she smiles and draws her hair together and fits the clasp. But she does say:
‘I do this as an act of remembrance, Alain, and wear it as a sign of that woman’s love for you.’
That touches him more than he could ever expect, not sentimental at all, more a curious pain, the sense of reaching across an impossible divide. He can only admire the woman’s deep charity.
 
Walking on the compacted ash this time has no effect on him, but the woman says, almost immediately:
‘You need to understand, Alain, how pervasive is the effect of sense experience. Without any kind of indication of an alternative mode of experience, all of a person’s experiences will be assessed in terms of sensation alone. The absurdity of this situation is demonstrated by the conviction that nothing-ness can be experienced. A more common experience can illustrate this point. Take the sense of touch. Humans believe an impenetrable surface exists where touch cannot penetrate, whereas in fact what is happening is that the touch-sense cannot proceed further because it has reached its limitation, just one of the limitation to which sensation is subject. Darkness and silence are other examples. Darkness, for example, is experienced because the sight-sense cannot penetrate further, not because there is no light. It is because light is not real, but is generated in the soul by a specific agent. And silence, Alain – which I think you like very much – is impenetrable because, again, sound is not real: it is also generated in the soul for our convenience. But the senses of taste and smell are real, both primitive links that can lead out of the prison of sensation. They are generally ignored, mainly because the information they convey seems so limited when compared to phantasmagoria provided by sight and hearing.’
Whatever the woman is doing seems to work on him, if only because the memory of his last encounter with the alien world was so strange. But even as he finds himself following a taste – that of this morning’s sweet syrup that the woman had served – he sees it light up as flashes of colour, and realises just what she means by the predominance of the senses of sight and hearing.
He is about to speak when he spots one of the animals with the chandelier antlers approaching the woman. She waits, hands by her sides, and allows the animals walk right up to her, so close that its antlers tower over her. Then it bows its head towards her, and she raises her right hand and lays it on the animal’s brow. The animal coos, a long slow cooing sound, then turns and walks away back into the bounding forest.
He cannot help himself, the question surging up in him in a tumult of fear and awe:
‘Who are you?’
The woman’s eyes sparkle in the grey light that is rebounding from the dead surface at her feet:
‘I am your friend, Alain.’
 
Is he in the grip of a compulsion, or is he just blindly seeking support? It’s like he thinks there is some kind of outside barrier here: that if he pushes far enough into all this strangeness that he will cross over into recognisable territory. Less a matter of new knowledge than of the strange becoming merely unfamiliar – forgotten but now recalled. He is taking her down to the ocean’s edge, the flyer zooming low now over the moorland that bounds the ocean hereabouts. He is studying the woman while pretending to do something else, seeing how she sits so straight, how the gown outlines her young body, how the clasp holds her hair back to reveal the line of her neck. And yet, she is also so present to him to the extent that she seems to enlarge his own sense of reality. He would have called it a light any time before she told him that light was not real, now he sees is as a radiance that forms a tunnel of some kind, the impression of depth so strong. And in the tunnel?
In the tunnel there is a stillness so complete and all-encompassing that he knows – however he knows – that nothing else exists or could exist. And yet: it is so familiar. He has never before experienced, or even conceived, such a state or condition – and yet it is as though he has always known it. More, he has always existed in it, a fundamental part of his being: always here and nowhere else.
 
Down in the inlet, he sees the scum as though rushing to meet her as she crosses the pebbly sand, swelling up all along water’s edge. And she walks right up to it – though he notices that the scum draws back from contact with her shoes – her hands extended palm-down over it. She says:
‘The scientists who studied called it womb-like, though their experiments were limited. Let me show you, Alain.’
She bends and lays the palm of her right hand down on the surface of the scum. It does not recoil this time: instead a kind of bubble forms there, which expands rapidly and then bursts open to reveal a young chandelier deer, it antlers growing rapidly even as he stares in horror. She beckons the creature to her, but when it leaves the surface of the scum it promptly drops to the ground, apparently dead.
‘You see, Alain? The problem for this creature is that it cannot convey souls, which is why anything separated from it dies, deprived of soul. So, what use is it? Well, I think you have already understood its primary function on this planet, to suppress the surges generated by the rotation of the planet. But it has served other purposes elsewhere. For instance, on what was once known as the Old Earth, it nurtured the First Man who lived there. But this matter doesn’t concern us here. And in your case, Alain, what did you learn from it?’
He is still in shock, his sentimental response to the curious little creature leaving him painfully exposed. He turns and looks into the woman’s hard eyes:
‘What I have, May, is a new question. It is this. Why do you waste your time – and mine – on this low creature? What you just did was cruel – though you will tell me that the little creature wasn’t really alive to begin with. But I saw for myself the expression in its eyes. It was alive, May, however you may want to limit its being. It was alive and it experienced death: and all for no good reason. I have seen it create forms – from my will – and have even forced it to demonstrate its sad limitation. And do you know what that is, profound woman?’
She has cocked her head sideways, an ambiguous gesture, either a veiled disdain or an attempt to hide her discomfort.
‘And what it showed you, Alain, exposed you, yes?’
He is uncharacteristically short with her now, pressed to make clear to her something he now suspects she does not understand:
‘Yes, of course. But so what? Isn’t the purpose of the whole exercise in this strange place intended to expose me?’
She nods, just nods and nods, now letting the discomfort show. So he continues:
‘For what it is worth, it showed me clearly something I knew but didn’t find significant in itself. And – for what it is worth – it is something that you too know now. It is this: I dislike, even fear, sex, and fear it because it bears death alone for me. But, having told you that, let me now tell you what I asked it to show me. I asked it to tell me about love. And what do you think it did in response? It showed me myself. That is all it could do, May. It has no experience of love, and this is because it is singular. I thought then that this was a sad lack in its existence, but now – having seen what you made it do – I suspect that it does not need love, and that for good or ill. I say this because afterwards I had a vision of wings that implied something I couldn’t fully grasp then. Only when I asked the Ming-Ming what love is did I understand. I had always assumed that love existed between two people, but now I understand that love is within the individual, that the individual – for some unknown reason – is divided in some way, and that love is the condition that connects those parts while they are divided. But once we understand love, then we can enclose another person within that regard. A love-like state, at best, I know, but still a very rewarding kind of relation with another.’
Now he is utterly drained, and in this relief he finds a kindness so open that it could, in any other circumstance, seem a weakness. He walks up to the woman and embraces her, saying:
‘That is how I feel about you, May. And when I am with you I feel that the love within me is active in some hidden way, and that this is why I feel so fond of you and want to be always in your company.’
Then he steps back, completely drained, looking up at the blue sky, seeing the little fleecy clouds that evaporate as they meet the ocean air, yet aware only of a kind of peace that he knows is unique just now at this moment.
The woman is at his side, looking intently at him. She says, though if he hears her he shows no response:
‘You understand now, dear Alain, how humans survive in this indifferent universe.’
 
 He suggests they go to the village, ostensibly to raid the orchard again. But he brings the flyer down in the village itself and leads her into the small house. He activates the image viewer and hands it to her, saying:
‘This is how humans survive in this indifferent universe, May. You see, they accept death – that is the only way to do that. A person like me, on the other hand, would commit suicide rather than live like that. Do you understand the difference here? For me, there must be something more than death. I don’t know why I am different. I had assumed it was because I was a spoiled child that didn’t want the trouble of having to actually live my life. What has kept me going – both in my real life eight thousand years ago and here now – is the fundamental insight that humans are more than glorified animals, completely at the mercy of the dumb mechanism of life and death. I came to see a way of grasping this insight by means of the ancient discipline of metaphysics, but I understand now that it was only a blind reaction to the loss of what can be called divinity. And what was divinity? It was a tenuous experience that confirmed to ancient mankind that while there was death, there was also some kind of continuity for them beyond death. I do suspect that there was more to metaphysics than this, the fact of the existence of such thinking – using ordinary words to point to transcendent states – implies that something happened to mankind even as they lost their divinities, something that might even be the cause of such a loss. Actually, I think now that it might not have been a loss, as such, but more the case that mankind began to transcend divinity, however that might be understood.’
Again he feels drained, and again there is that peace. The woman is still looking down at the image of the family, lips pursed with an expression that he cannot define. She looks up at him when he stops speaking.
‘My mother had an image like this, which she kept in her room. The truth is, Alain, that I pitied her – that she was satisfied with only that. I went to my father to avoid seeing her die away over the years, with only that image – of me as a child – to give meaning to her life. And yet I never had to reach towards the kind of insight you speak about, if only because RIM made it unnecessary.’
She puts the viewer back down on the table, brushing over its surface with her fingers in a gesture that surprises him. She catches his surprise and says, a smile easing her:
‘This is meant to lie here forever, Alain, yes? A memorial for all who lived and died on this planet.’
He nods, moved suddenly with the nearest to reverence that he has ever experienced. Even the silence then seems prayerful, as though they can offer a meaningful respect to all those long-dead people. Then she turns to him and says:
‘And yet everyone has gone, Alain, despite the immortality offered by RIM. You must come with me to Centrepoint to study my husband’s research. I think the solution to that mystery will be found there.’
He’s willing to do that, now prepared through his own lessons in this age to undertake that study. He says:
‘But first we must collect more of the beautiful pears in the orchard, May. Be a pity to let them go to waste, with no one else here to eat them.’
 
How quickly habits form: he’s thinking this as he watches the woman prepare an evening meal for them. No kitchen this time, just the utilitarian table below the food dispenser, though the food she is preparing is fresh. They filled boxes with pears, but the woman was quick to search out a range of vegetables and other fruits that really surprised him. What had seemed to him to be an overgrown area bordering the copse was in fact the market garden of the village. It required two trips with the flyer to bring it all back to her lander, where she carefully packed, labelled and stored the surplus behind what she called a preservation screen, similar to the one he had seen in her kitchen.
They ate on the bench out by the river, the evening coming on with its usual play of colour, the roseates becoming orange becoming auburn becoming tangerine as they ate quietly together. He wanted to remark on the peacefulness, but just in time he recognised what might be his irritating habit of passing comment, as though only he knew what was going on. But he knew this: whatever life he may ever have after this adventure, he would ensure that he shared that life with whoever he was with. Not the kind of partnership his parents had created, each just filling specific slots in the life of the other. It was a good partnership, mutual respect and a degree of indulgence when required, but it was still a negotiated relationship. He could see how his relationship with the woman – largely created out of the woman’s habits, it is true – ran at a deeper level, the element of genuine sharing here, though he was aware that he had still a lot to learn about sharing.
He did offer to clear up after they had eaten, but she insisted that she do it. Not what he had envisaged as sharing, but he understood why she had done it when she returned bearing the familiar black flask and the two little cups designed to hold strong spirits. They drank together in the twilight, and then on into the gloaming, the first stars appearing, still a deep silence between them. At least until he had a sudden impulse that prompted him to ask her to sing for them.
So she sang for him again, the young woman of eighteen with the beautiful rich voice of the one hundred and eighty years old woman he had first met. And she wove the same spell over him, even more bewitching here on this glorious night, the sky star-filled, stars blinking patiently wherever he looked, hanging like heavenly fruit low in the sky. Then he cried, quietly, moved to such strange tears by the beauty surrounding him, the lovely young woman at his side, the murmur of the constant river, stars and stars and stars hanging above him in a velvet sky. This beauty seemed to call to him, but he cried because he did not know the meaning of the signs beauty presented to him: the woman ultimately mortal, river running dry, stars falling from the sky, and yet the beauty he knew was eternal – that was one conviction fixed in him that night: beauty is for ever.
Then he notices that the Ming-Ming is sitting on its branch, only dimly visible in the starlight. Seeing the bird at once gives him the feeling that he is in touch with it in some way. And this is true, for the words form in him:
‘And yet we all die, human.’
He knows the Ming-Ming is being provocative, so he replies in the same silence:
‘No, not if there is beauty.’
And the bird rustles:
‘The end is the same as the beginning, human: out of the dark and back into the dark; one day in the light, how long in the night?’
It is the woman who intervenes at this point, saying into the silence even as she sings:
‘Look to your own end, bird of gloom. How long has your night been?’
And he knows this hurts the Ming-Ming, feeling its recoil down his spine, and he hurries to say in charity:
‘Remember that you know love even though you need not love. So also know beauty even if you cannot experience it.’
And they all see the justice in that.
 
Back in the lander, he hesitates by the door, no passion tonight to carry them to bed together. Yet he does not want to leave her, most certainly does not want to go back to the all-white lander, with only a metal saucer for company. It is the woman who resolves this dilemma by saying:
‘We have shared beds in tears and passion, my dear friend. Tomorrow we travel to Centrepoint, so let us share the bed tonight with our joy.’
And joy it is, naked side by side, arm alongside arm, the bliss like a bubble expanding and expanding until sleep takes them over.
 
And on the morrow it is a matter of rising from one bed in order to lie on another, the routine in the Down Capsule familiar to him, the oily drink, the laying out, the relaxation, then oblivion for one hundred and seventy six years.
 
Why is this room dark? It’s always dark when I come into it. And then when I go to find the light switch I…
A young woman – a beautiful young woman – is looking at me: and the old man in the corner says in a stricken voice:
 
‘And I have known the eyes already, known them all –
The eyes that fix you in a formulated phrase,
And when I am formulated, sprawling on a pin,
When I am pinned and wriggling on the wall,
Then how should I begin’
 
And he says, calling across to the old man in the dark, wanting to console him, even after all this time:
‘No, they do frighten us, but they will not harm us. I know. I am afraid too.’
But the old man says, voice still stricken:
 
‘I have seen them riding seaward on the waves
Combing the white hair of the waves blown back’
 
And he knows he cannot console the old man, knowing that he is lost in the vision he feared: how she comes when called, knowing your fear, knowing your longing.
 
The woman says:’
‘How are you now, Alain? Down does take some getting used to, especially on long journeys.’
He knows he must drink from the spigot at his mouth. The woman nods when she sees him do this, satisfied that his panic is over. And as he waits for his body to come alive, he thinks of terror, some echo of an insight he had once about terror, about its nature. It won’t come: instead he thinks that it’s better to be afraid than deluded, better to understand what salvation really is, not redemption but more like a re-joining and with a new task ahead.
He’s out of the Capsule and on his feet before he knows it, walking back and forth in the confined area until he feels fully limber. The silver-grey suit is lying out on the bed, but he goes to the door and shouts out when it opens at his approach:
‘What kind of climate is it here?’
She comes into the corridor, young, so young now – this he remembers with a curiously fugitive regret – and he seeing always the age of her eyes, and says:
‘It doesn’t matter, we have everything here.’
He’s emphatic out of some instinct:
‘No, May. I want to see this place.’
And so it is. They eat first, one of the woman’s delicious breakfasts, fresh orange juice again, too. Then she beckons him down the corridor and out of the lander. It’s obvious at once that they are at a great height, the sprawling platform with a railing around its perimeter, for instance, the open sky with scudding cloud quite close, the wind relentless and strong. He can brace himself out of habit – Zargon stormy in the winter – but he is surprised by how warm the spitting rain is under these conditions. He works his way over to the nearest railing, trusts it enough to lean out over it, looking down at once.
He is on top of another featureless silver tower – this one very high indeed – surrounded by a great many silver towers of varying heights. But this time the air is clear enough for him to see down to ground level, the ribbons of throughways, many ribbons, arcing between the towers, criss-crossing each other. He can even discern the vast spume raised by the dense traffic, though thankfully he is too high to hear what he knows will be the appalling din down there.
The woman is standing just back to his left, away from the railing, he notices. He asks here:
‘How big is this place?’
He sees the tension in her face, how she loathes this urban environment, but she does reply:
‘Midway accommodated one hundred and fifty millions, here there can be up to four billions. That is in this conurbation alone, Alain. There can be more than forty billions on the planet as a whole. It is a large planet with a good climate, largely self-supporting with very diverse populations divided into subordinate polities. Little or no communal friction, if only because the standard of living is so high. If you can have everything you want today, what is there to argue about?’
He is surprised by her negative attitude:
‘It’s not like you, May, to be so critical. They may not share your values, but if they are happy with their lives, what is there to complain about?’
She just nods, face so glum that he can’t resist laughing. Her response is to glare at him and retort:
‘Do you know what they do, complacent man? They will lie on special couches for the span of their years until it is time for RIM. They will live in a realm of fantasy, the hallucinations expertly managed by machines to provide an unending spectacle which is a subtle blend of the novel and the same, a vast hall of mirrors. You must understand, Alain, that the basic impulse guiding these individuals is real and valuable, but how it is deflected and exploited is probably the most obscene aspect of this age, an age that can satisfy every human desire with make-believe, while humanity itself decays until it will becomes little more than flesh-and-blood automata, this is, machines ruled by real machines.’
He is not chastened as such, more a matter of his getting back onto some kind of track. He asks her:
‘What is the present population of Centrepoint?’
She bends her head as she listens to Machine, then says, staring at him with a more sober expression herself:
‘Two. You and I, Alain.’
He nods.
‘My fourth planet in this age. All depopulated.’
Now he smiles to ease her, to bring her back on track too:
‘You husband and his friends have been busy, yes?’
 
‘We need to go now. I want us to get there before dark.’
The woman has turned away and is heading back towards the lander. He follows, asking:
‘Go where? Are we not here now?’
‘No. We came down here from orbit because the Retreat is off the grid, Alain. We’ll fly on from here now.’
In the lander, she leads up the corridor to the red door at the end. It opens to reveal what he knows is a cockpit, wide windows – which pleases him – seating for four, two by two. Unusually, rather than speak a command, the woman uses the screen in front of her to type in a series of what are obviously co-ordinates. The lander rises immediately and shoots away up into the cloud – no inertia, not a sound. He asks:
‘Retreat?’
‘I only know what my husband told me, usually in passing. It seems it is some kind of organisation – he often referred to it as the Society, nothing else – that has existed for thousands of years, certainly since the destruction of Earth. To start with, Machine knows nothing of this Society, but allows that it is possible that it has been excluded from its network by special arrangement. So, what I do understand is that it is concerned with gathering together some kind of esoteric knowledge, the core of which was lost with the destruction of the Earth. The Society has searched the entire universe over the millennia for whatever traces of this knowledge that might have survived that calamity. You’ll understand this better for yourself once we get there. Now, try to enjoy the view. No, the weather will clear fairly soon. You’ll see.’
And the woman was right. The weather does clear, and does so just as they are passing over the last traces of the city, still high white towers, utterly featureless: once the haunts of a drugged-out humanity living fantasies when their reality had finally no use for them. He does think this, a degree of indulgence in this judgement – as though metaphysics had not been another way out. And, who knows, but maybe he’s headed into another escape now. This he allows, while yet poetry – he feels – guides him now.
And the scenery is worth watching, though still passing over many many tilled and worked fields, the tending machines like little dark insects at this height. And then there is a river, very wide, what are obviously lines of barges, some heading up-river, others on the way down. There is a small city on the far bank, only a small number of towers, not very high, but many squat buildings – obvious processing plants and storage and the like. There is even an extensive rail system running up and down the river bank, lines branching out at intervals and heading among more and more fields. He is sometimes daunted by the scale of activity he is witnessing – all these machines and no humans any longer – and at other moments he is exhilarated by the bustle, aware then that mankind created all this industry, even if people no longer care one way or the other now.
Then the land is more broken, forests extending into foothills and then on into a mountain range, up to a tree-limit, then rock and ice thereafter till snowy peaks come into view. And beyond there is the same vista in reverse: snow, ice and rock, trees and more trees, but here the forest is gapped by access roads and what are obviously mining operations. And there are corresponding smelting operations down on the nearby plain, a blue cloud of ozone hanging above, dragged by the wind out over an ocean off to the right. Then they are beyond that, farmland again, then another river with another small city on its bank – where the lander swings leftwards to follow the river. Fields are giving way this time to rough scrubland, split up by ridges of rock and dark ravines, the river dividing into tributaries, until they are above a narrow water-way pressed between high cliffs, the foam of rapids apparent. Then there is nothing but rock, naked rock with a greenish tinge, glinting sparsely in the thin sunlight at this altitude.
The lander suddenly halts and hovers. A light flashes on the screen. The woman keys in what is obviously a code. The lander suddenly drops straight down, no inertia, no sound, only the shimmer of light as they see the sun as though rising before them, though in fact they are dropping very fast. Then they are down a hole, the sunlight just a rectangle growing smaller as they look – until it is dark.
 
It’s the silence that disturbs him. Given what is going on, relatively large craft descending into the bowels of the earth, enormous metal/stone doors closing, there should be some commotion. But no. And the dark. It’s obvious that they are still moving at speed – no inertia but still he knows they are moving – seemingly along a tunnel, faint reflections of the lander’s lights on smooth rock surface now and then.
Then everything stops. Lights come on. The door of the lander opens. There’s an announcement in an unknown language. The woman at least understands, for she catches his elbow and draws him out of the lander. She turns and begins to brush the shoulders and sleeves of his jacket for some reason, saying:
‘Get your bag, Alain. We’re here.’
Bag got – the woman with a large satchel he has never seen before – and a door opens in a nearby wall of solid stone. He should be excited or apprehensive – the level of formality daunts him, like entering the university for the first time – but he is taken by the lighting and its effect. Every surface that he can see is composed of smooth stone, that stone with the greenish tinge they had seen as they approached this place, and the very slight yellow cast of the lighting has the effect of emphasising that green tint, which has in turn the effect of making the stone seem to glow. It is a very ambiguous effect, part a calming, but also conveying a sense of corrosion, as though they were in a vat of acid. And it is the latter effect that intrigues him, he gradually coming to feel as though all the negativity of the external world is being burned away.
Then it is into a corridor – the stone here thankfully hidden behind a fabric covering, a cool pink-blue pattern, abstract and small-scale – which leads them through a door into an antechamber. A voice begins what is obviously a greeting – again in that strange language – but here the woman goes forward to a screen on the wall to the right and presses her forefinger against it. The voice stops, then starts again, this time in his own language:
‘Hello, Doctor Partrigor, and welcome to the Retreat. The Society greets you in the Last Days and wishes all blessings on your work here. An apartment has been prepared for you and your companion. Please follow the guide-light that you see over by the green door.’
Sure enough, there is a small globe emitting a pulsing blue light over by a door at the end of the antechamber. They duly follow it down corridors and through a number of doors. He says to the woman on the way, two questions on his mind but starting with the easier one:
‘Companion? I would have thought they’d give you more recognition, May.’
She doesn’t seemed fazed by this situation:
‘No. You’re the important one here, Alain, as you’ve seen. Most of my work has been done.’
‘Were you preparing me for this?’
‘Not exactly. It wasn’t manipulation, if that’s what you’re thinking. You needed to be acclimatised, as I’m sure you’re aware.’
And then the second question:
‘Last Days?’
It’s obvious that she’s ducking this one:
‘Oh, I’ll leave that to the Society to explain, Alain.’
He nods, allowing that, but says nonetheless:
‘Makes sense. No one around anymore. Except us two, of course.’
They both smile at that, not irony, just an apparently inescapable truth.
 
What surprises him about the apartment so-called is its similarity to the woman’s Home back on Outpost. There’s even a homely kitchen, preservation-shelving for fruit and vegetables, and running water in a white stone sink. The armchairs differ somewhat – more modern – but still comfortable with convenient foot-rests that can be drawn out when needed. But no windows.
They are seated in the armchairs, both seemingly bemused. For his part, there is the anti-climax of arrival, a wilful tendency in him to abandon the whole scheme that seems to be afoot – though he knows the alternative, going it alone, won’t work – even sullen with the sense of being manipulated to an end that might not interest him. As for the woman: the incongruity of a nubile eighteen years old woman experiencing the comfort that had eased the worn hips of a hundred and eighty year old woman makes her restless. So, while he sits slumped fighting his torpor, she finds a command screen in the kitchen and arranges the transportation of the fresh produce from the lander to the kitchen.
She then goes back to the sitting room and says:
‘We need to get organised, Alain. They’ll let us know when they are ready for you.’
Sullen, he looks for once like a spoiled boy being asked to do something he doesn’t want to do:
‘Why do we have to be buried away like this, May? This is not some kind of warfare, is it? I do hate these places with no windows. It may suit machines, but not human beings. I want to see the sky, night and day. Do you realise, May, that I have travelled for over two hundred years in this universe and I have seen the stars only once. We’re living like rats, May.’
Strange to see such a young woman – a beautiful young woman – suddenly behave like the fat old woman he had known on Outpost. Stranger for him to feel the motherly consolation when another would feel only honest desire for the woman’s young body.
‘Now, for once, Alain, I can see all the way back to your age. How long ago now?’
‘What year is this?’
‘7807. AM, of course.’
‘Eight thousand seven hundred and twenty six years, May.’
‘How much you took for granted then, Alain. Sun and sky, as you say, night and stars. It’s like you hadn’t broken through a screen of some kind yet. And mankind is now through that screen, like we are in the universe to the extent that we can no longer see it. And I think now, for myself, that I was glad to live on Outpost for so long. It was like being on the other side of the universe. Where you once had a never ending spectacle of night and day, sunsets and sunrises, blue skies and starry skies, I had the solace of the never-ending dark, the sheer nothingness behind that chimera. It was like the comfort of truth rather than the delusion of this universe.’
An unexpected depth for him here, seeing this young woman with her full figure in the green gown, hair held back by Trasina’s clasp making her look even younger, surveying such a perspective. And he wonders – not for the first time, too – what she is doing here. If all this has been arranged for the quote Last Days unquote, why didn’t they just pop him straight in here? After the last month – existentially speaking, that is – he sees himself drained out, hardened, burning through an expected lifetime of study in a few days – thanks to the help of Machine – and now maybe on the way to finally wrecking himself on the most beautiful poem he has even had the good fortune to read. Like this, he thinks, quoting for the woman’s benefit:
 
‘Would it have been worth while,
To have bitten off the matter with a smile,
To have squeezed the universe into a ball
To roll it towards some overwhelming question’
 
He points to the other armchair and she does sit down, drawing the gown up to loosen it about her knees, and continues:
‘That was written, May, when mankind could hardly fly, when it was getting ready for its most destructive war to date. That young man was terrified, and yet he took the trouble to compose those words.’
He pauses, watching her closely – seeing how that perspective is working into her, seeing how words written over nine thousand years ago could already encompass her lived experience of two thousand years. And he presses her:
‘Does Midway or Claudy still exist?’
He sees her bend her head as she makes her enquiry. Her face is stark as she shakes her head now. Then she is quite still, hands folded in her lap, again that old woman who had encompassed him when he needed to be enfolded.
He leans forward slightly to catch her eye:
‘Perhaps make a comfort meal for us both, May? Then we can spend this last evening together.’
 
The meal in fact is plain – the woman had neither grain nor dressings available to her here – but even so they ate with good appetite and even some degree of lightness of mood. Afterwards they sit facing each other in the armchairs, the black flask on a nearby table, drinking the strong spirit in silence.
Yet they communicated. It was like – for him at least – a kind of widening circle in which he felt in a sense free. Like they were permitting each other to open in some way. He could see how she licked her lips often, how the skin on her neck could suddenly tense and then relax, how her eyes seemed to move over some far-off horizon. And in himself he felt a growing transparency – not physical, as such – as though he was water lapping on some quiet shore.
In the bedroom afterwards they undressed side by side and he lay on her, entering her in time and they moved together to some fundamental rhythm – not sex as he understood sex, really a more complete form of communication, some hidden part of himself engaged with some hidden part of her.
There were wings, alright, but it was complicated in some way: an imbalance he could not fathom, a kindness on her part, a profound relief on his – like a secret revealed here. He knew he was able to reach across just now, but without being able to discover what he was reaching towards. Except this: he was reaching towards something or someone that was whole.
 
Pleasant surprise the next morning, the Refresher operates with water, not an electric charge. Next surprise is not so pleasant. There is a flat device hovering near the bed, more disc-like than saucer-like. There is also an overall laid out on the bed, green in colour with a curious violet stain-like marking over the shoulders and down the left arm. He asks the disc:
‘Am I expected to wear that?’
The disc does not move as it answers:
‘The staining is harmless. This garment is required for entry into the Inner Containment Unit, that is the ICU.’
He still doesn’t like the overall:
‘Are you sure it’s not contamination rather than containment?’
If he intended irony – or even humour – here, it is lost on the disc:
‘The surfaces of the ICU are up to seven thousand years old and may have been subject to the effects of excessive humidity and temperature surges on occasions. If you have difficulty breathing at any time, do not hesitate to inform me. In any case, a rigorous medical examination of you will be conducted at the end of the session. Please dress now and follow me.’
And the disc heads away out the door. Nothing for him to do but dress and hurry after the disc. It goes down this corridor and through a door, then down another corridor and through a door, and yet again down another corridor and through a door. This time, though, there is a small antechamber. Where all surface had hitherto been bright and white, here the walls are mottled red and green, the floor covered with a kind of soft plastic, pitted and scraped in places. There is a desk over against the left wall, the chair before it broken and sagged, the seating torn. The device on the desk is obviously very old, a fine grey dust edging its screen.
He asks the disc, hovering over by a primitive looking door:
‘Was there fighting here?’
‘There have been three controversies over the last seven thousand years, some of which were bitterly fought. I can list details of these disputes, if you wish to know them.’
His initial response is to dismiss the matter, but a second thought prompts him to say:
‘Just the headings, if you will.’
‘Very well. The first controversy occurred in 3670 AM, and concerned the interpretation of the Sigmutt fragments. The official interpretation stated that the core act of integration involved an effort of will, while the heretics argued that this integration would occur in accord with an already prepared destiny. This situation was resolved by banishing the heretics from the Society. The second controversy occurred in 4952 AM, and concerned the status of what was then called the Ego. The official interpretation here was that the Ego was only an organising principle, while the disputants argued that the Ego was the primary instrument of salvation. This controversy was very bitterly fought out in several galaxies and led to the death of many thousands on both sides. Even the intervention of Machine failed to resolve the issue. Much of the damage to the ICU was caused during that controversy. The official view prevailed in the end, if only because the heretics failed to gained control of the Retreat here in the Emerald Mountain. The third controversy occurred initially in 6943 AM and concerned the nature of the central tenet of the Mission, that is the function of the Question. The official view here was that this function was revelatory, that the Question asked already contained the answer. The disputants, on the other hand, argued that its function was explanatory, that is the Question asked was based on existing knowledge. The initial controversy was very heated and largely fizzled out because no one could successfully clarify the difference involved here, though both sides insisted with equal vehemence that there was a difference. However, this controversy flared up again in 6986, with the arrival at the Retreat of Jasmun Chrodin, who claimed that ultimately there was only one Question to be asked. He argued that while individuals could, and should, ask their Question – the answer to which would be revelatory and not merely explanatory – the ultimate objective of the Mission was the asking of what he called the Final Question. Chrodin supported his claims with a great deal of persuasive evidence, gleaned from many esoteric sources, and was successful in persuading the leadership of the Society to adopt his interpretation. This did lead to the second stage of this controversy, and while the arguments between the revelatory and explanatory wings of the Society were very heated, and led to quite a number of resignations, the controversy in the end just petered out. In any case, the relative success of Chrodin’s teachings among the larger public did finally decide the matter.’
He wants to sit down, and sees only the desk as a likely seat, except that it is covered with a layer of dust and debris. He is irritable now, finding the scruffiness dispiriting. He had not known what to expect, but whatever he might have envisaged, it was not this broken down place with its uncertain knowledge and no doubt fantastical dreams of human salvation. He asks, an edge of malice in his voice – a spite he could never enact, if only because he had never needed to, and wasn’t going to start today:
‘What now?’
Prompted, the disc floats back across to the door, telling him as it goes:
‘You will need to push this door open yourself. It was damaged in the riots here. You must close it completely shut after you. That is important.’
The door needs a good push, then another and another, before he can get through. Once he is through the disc says from the other side:
‘You must shut this door completely now, otherwise the initiation cannot continue.’
The word initiation stops him at once. He goes back through the door and says bitingly to the disc:
‘Initiation? I’m not joining whatever this mess is.’
The disc does bounce this time – which gratifies him – while replying:
‘You do not need to join, Doctor Partrigor. You are listed here as a Senior Ordinal. The initiation refers to your promotion to the rank of Auditor General.’
His first thought now is: why didn’t the woman warn me about this nonsense? Then he says to the disc, very sharp with it this time:
‘This is nonsense. Can I not speak to a human member now? You seem poorly prepared for this meeting with me.’
Now the disc backs away, rising slightly also – the nearest to an expression of fear he had ever see in a machine:
‘There are no other human members any longer, Doctor Partrigor. All have risen in accordance with the Mission Plan.’
Now he is confounded, even a little afraid himself. What if the woman has made a serious mistake here? Each time we moved, that part of the universe we left behind disappeared. She should have been more careful. A plan is needed. He says to the disc:
‘I want my companion – the woman – to be brought here. I wish to make her made a member of the Society.’
The disc this time does what can be best called a flip-flop, then tells him, quite categorically – given the shrill tone of its voice this time:
‘No woman can join the Society, Doctor Partrigor. That is simply not possible.’
Now he is stumped, his plan hitting the brick wall:
‘Whyever not? Such a rule would be regarded as discriminatory even back in my time, over eight thousand years ago.’
Now the disc flows closer to him, an egotistical act – if machines had an ego:
‘Women cannot rise, they must await a suitable reincarnation. So you see, Doctor Partrigor, there would be no point to a woman becoming a member of the Society. It has nothing for them. Yes, there was for a time an ancillary organisation – called Women in Preparation, that is WiP – but it never gained serious traction. Most women were content to await a suitable reincarnation. And as you already know, Doctor Partrigor, that is what happened over time. You see, just a little patience, that’s all that is needed. So I would suggest that your female companion await her next opportune reincarnation.’
And he is sucked into the logic of the argument – whether he likes it or not – saying:
‘But there isn’t another woman to bear her as a male child.’
The disc does manage a very passable shrug:
‘Then she is the Last Woman. It was a subject that long fascinated members, you know. The only reason it never became another bone of contention is because no one in the Society was interested enough in the subject. As far as they were concerned, it seemed a small price to pay for the translation of the whole of humanity – a total of one hundred and sixty four billions in the end – that just one human being gets left behind.’
That was it for him. He storms out of the antechamber – the door on that side opening for him as he approaches – and sets off down that corridor. After traversing three of these corridors, he has to admit that he is lost. He assumes the disc will come for him, so he sits down with his back to the shiny white wall and waits. And sure enough, along comes the disc, skimming right up to him. It says:
‘You must complete the initiation, Doctor Partrigor. That is essential.’
He gets to his feet, brushing non-existent dust off his pants:
‘No. Not today and not any day soon. Now take me back to my quarters. That is an order.’
It takes four corridors to being him back to his quarters.
 
The woman is in the kitchen, packing what seemed to be containers of a kind into a storage area beside the preservation shelves. She seems at first surprised, then relieved, to see him:
‘Where have you been, Alain? Have you eaten?’
Reminded, he feels hungry, very hungry, but he asks even so:
‘No. I don’t understand. Where were you this morning? When the disc thing came to lead me to their inner sanctum?’
She is taking a bowl from a cabinet above what he sees is a kind of cooker, and leaves the kitchen. He follows. She has placed the bowl on the little table in the corner of the sitting room, and now pulls out a chair and indicates that he should sit down. This he does and begins at once to devour another of her very tasty breakfasts, sipping the orange juice – that she has also brought him – at intervals. She sits on the chair opposite side of the table:
‘No. I went into the other bedroom during the night. I wanted you to have more room so you could sleep soundly. And today, Alain? What happened? You seemed very angry when you came in.’
There is only one thing he wants to tell her, and it is the very thing he doesn’t want her to know. He looks across at her animated face – even her age-old eyes cannot quell her youth today – how intensely she is interested in what he might have to say. He knows he might not be a good lover – too self-preoccupied with his thoughts – but he can most certainly appreciate being loved, being attended to, and does strive to make up for his selfishness in other ways – even if they may seem patronising at times. But he says anyway – a truer index of his feelings for the woman than any agonising he may indulge in:
‘They told me you were the Last Woman, May.’
His voice is stricken, whether he wants it to be or not. She looks at him, then looks at him some more. It’s not clear to him what she might be thinking: either she herself stricken by this knowledge – that is, if she knows its significance, say from something her husband might have told her – or else she is more worried about how he is taking this news. She pauses now, obviously picking her words carefully:
‘Did they explain it to you?’
Then he knows that he is concerned as much with the fear that is working on him – as much, that is, as his worry about the woman:
‘That it means you cannot rise, or whatever it is that your husband told you about.’
And then it does hit him – coming from nowhere:
‘That you will die, May, and be just gone forever.’
There are tears in his eyes: he looking at her young vital beauty and seeing just how futile it all is when death – whenever it might come to her – will be the end of her, that very being that he knows so well now and who knows him.
And yet. He is struck by how calm she is. He thinks it might be the insensitivity of age, two thousand years of living on and on. But she for her part reaches her right hand across the table to him:
‘Would it be much different, Alain? What do you know about this risen state – as my husband called it?’
It’s then that he finds himself on that other track, anger rising in him again. He does accept the woman’s proffered hand, abstractly valuing its warmth and how it responds to the pressure of his own hand even as he asks her:
‘What was your husband’s name, May? Can you remember it?’
She shakes her head:
‘No. After my son’s rising, especially, I see now that I lived an almost thoughtless life, concentrating only on farming the Garden. It’s not that I wanted to forget, more that I couldn’t see the point of the burden of memory, especially of memories that could never change.’
He nods, allowing this – if only because he cannot imagine what it is like to live for hundreds of years utterly alone. But he asks even so:
‘Does the name Jasmun Chrodin mean anything to you?’
It’s like an electric shock: he sees the sudden fire in her hitherto stony eyes:
‘Him! Yes, I remember him, Alain. A mean little man, very ambitious and ingratiating. He was Joshto’s – oh, Alain, that was my husband’s name. Joshto: how long since I have thought that name. How very long, my friend.’
Her face is lit with a kind of wonder, more he suspects wonder at the power of memory rather than the fact of remembering her husband’s name. She is nodding and nodding, eyes focused on her memories, her mouth set as though she is more studying her memories than reliving them.
Then she suddenly switches out of this past and looks across intently at him:
‘But this Chrodin man. He was my husband’s main disciple or student – or however they termed it in their group. I didn’t like him, didn’t trust him. He was too ambitious, which always indicates a potentially dangerous weakness, the vulnerability of need. But though my husband agreed with me, he still thought Chrodin was the best person for what he wanted done. Should I explain, Alain? Much of it has come back to me now.’
‘Please do, May. It will serve us well here, I think.’
‘Very well. I don’t know much about the movement itself, other than what my husband told me. Very ancient, going back into the second millennium AD. The main point is that humanity has an important role to play in some kind of transcendent reality. The rising, as my husband always called it, is the first step, which involves the man merging with an entity he called Wisdom. Then this merged being will merge with another entity, this time called the Ego. This will allow some crucial question to be asked, the answer to which will resolve a situation that was the cause of this universe coming into being. Now, it seems that the movement that was leading this whole process had become corrupt – well, not corrupt exactly, more settled into a complacency – and had become a gathering of office holders more concern with personal advancement within the movement than actually fulfilling its mission. My husband had been working on his own – through several reincarnations, if he is to be believed – to clarify the Mission, as he called it, and work out exactly what was required. Don’t regard what I am about to tell you as the exact truth, Alain. Joshto did tell me a lot over the centuries we were together, but to the extent that I regarded it as his personal project, I did not pay the closest attention. I assumed, I suppose, that he just needed to speak it out to someone. To hear how it all sounded, I mean. Anyway, this is what I remember. He had come to believe that the process was part of humanity’s makeup – that is, that it didn’t need an outside agent to either initiate it or control it – and that all that was needed to set this process going was for a man to ask a question. He thought that what a man needed to do then was look for the answer, which could come to him in any number of ways. And that was all really. The man needed only to attend to the answer and allow the process to work through him. It might happen quickly, or it might take years, even lifetimes. And that was it. You see, Alain, the main problem my husband faced – once he knew what was to be done, that is – was telling people about it. This meant that he had to get the movement on his side. This is why he thought Chrodin was the best person for this task. The strength of his ambition was such that he could easily persuade the leaders of the movement – men much like himself – to adopt my husband’s interpretation. After all, they would lose nothing themselves, in fact they might earn themselves some glory. That’s about it, Alain.’
There is a concatenation in him just now, between how he is responding to what the woman has just told him – drawn to everything she tells him just because of who she is – and the hostility he still feels towards the disc and that shattered chamber it represented. The balance in him is towards the woman, who sits opposite him awaiting his response:
‘So you knew that women were excluded, May?’
‘Not as such, Alain. I saw it more as a male interest only. You must remember that most of us by then were lost in one kind of obsession or another. You see how I was taken up with the life-force. I wasn’t too surprised by my husband’s interest – which is how I saw it then – he had his interest much as I had my own.’
‘And you had no sense that you were to be, or were in effect becoming, the Last Woman?’
‘No. Not at all. Even now, to be honest, Alain, I don’t think it is such a big problem.’
‘You don’t really believe what your husband taught, do you?’
Now she does grimace, and then looks down at the table:
‘I have to believe something of it, Alain, don’t I? After all, where has everyone gone?’
He breaks their gaze this time, something turning in him, like they might be just the last people alive as a kind of accident. After all, someone has to be someone at the end of the queue. But, even so, he presses her hand to catch her eyes again:
‘Whatever else, May, I will not leave you alone. I will stay with you for as long as you want to live. That’s a solemn promise.’
She slowly draws her hand out of his clasp and folds it around her other hand, laying them on the table before her. There are tears in her eyes. She says, her voice husky with the tears:
‘Your capacity for devotion, dear Alain, does overwhelm me. I do understand that you can – as a man – rise when you wish. Yet that you will hold back for my sake moves me profoundly. I know of no way that I can repay such an act of charity, except perhaps to offer you my love, such as I am capable of, and my devotion to you in return.’
 
It is later. He is in the kitchen, leaning against the sink, watching the woman prepare a meal for them both. Her back to him, she is explaining:
‘It had carried the food from the lander, and I found afterwards that I could command it by simply keying “flat” on the screen over there. I told it to take me to the food store. I has assumed with a population of several thousands at least, that there would some kind of provisioning system. And there is – still operating too. Most of it is processed, of course, but there are grains and condiments. And, Alain, a selection of beers and wine. I even found a stock of Alemanti wines. You won’t know the story, but Alemanti was a planet famous for its wines. They say it was because of its peculiar climate. Anyway, that climate suddenly went awry one year and the planet was a desert afterwards. They had produced wine there for over seven hundred years, so there was quite a stock available throughout most of the universe, but very very expensive. I haven’t tasted it for over six hundred years. So, Alain, special treat for us tonight.’
He had never needed to seek the happiness of another person – his mother and Trasina, the two he had most cared for, had supplied their own happiness – so it was something of a remarkable sensation for him to find himself experiencing the woman’s happiness this evening in this little kitchen. He wonders if he could get closer to another person in any other way. Even sexual bliss cannot match it for him. He reaches over and touches the woman on her shoulder. And she turns with a start and smiles at him, her eyes glowing, her lips so full. But the main expression he reads in her face is gratitude – which genuinely surprises him. He is about to ask her why, when she raises a finger to his mouth and says:
‘Hush, dear Alain. You allow me this happiness.’
The flavour of her finger is exotic: sweet, yes, but also a thin bitterness as though at its centre.
 
The wine is curious, to say the least. First taste is darker than might be expected of such a pale wine, a brownish flavour, faintly curranty. Then it warms on the tongue and spreads over your palate like the first glint of sunrise on a day you know will be hot: that kind of promise. Then at the throat there is that special Alemanti sweetness, both too rich and too hesitant, like an exceptionally beautiful bride at a tribal wedding – in other words, a once in a lifetime treat. As the woman tells him after that first mouthful:
‘They say you should drink this wine only once in your life, if only because you will never get that pure sensation again.’
And of course he regrets not having known that before he drank his first mouthful, but then realises he would not have known what she was talking about.
It is obvious that the woman intends the food she has cooked to match – at least to some extent – the wine. He allows that it does. Again, it is a kind of baked dish, a thin crust flavoured with a distant hint of cinnamon, covering an arrangement of vegetables, both succulent gourds and drier roots, flavoured with a blend of spices, of which nutmeg is dominant. He did find that the variety of flavours, both of the wine and the food, tend to overwhelm his innocent palate, but he works bravely through the meal, his sensibility buffeted and off-balance.
Afterwards, both seated in armchairs, he chose a beer rather than the black flask. In truth, the events of the day were finally overtaking him. He thought he had learned how to cope with all the strangeness of the last month or so, but tonight he is learning that he cannot – and probably will never – become insensible of his experiences as a way of coping with them.
It is then, just then, that the woman asks him, a sudden question no doubt intended to catch him off-guard:
‘What happened today, Alain? I know you received a great shock. I would like you to tell me about it.’
He has already found that the beer is actually intoxicating him – unlike the wine, which left him more bemused by its flavours than affected by its alcohol – and so can find it relatively easy to tell her:
‘For a start, May, I understand why your husband felt so strongly the need to reform the Society, as they called it. Apparently they had a series of what the disc called controversies over some of their core beliefs. For instance, the Ego you mentioned. They had a dispute about whether it controlled the process or not. The Society itself argued that it didn’t, which agrees with your husband’s argument that human beings – men, anyway – control the process themselves. The last dispute has a direct bearing of your husband’s intervention through that student of his – Chrodin – which was about the nature of the question, whether it involved revealed knowledge or concerned already existing knowledge. But what most shocked me, May, was the state of the place. I can accept intellectual differences, we had them all the time at the university, but their so-called inner sanctum was a broken mess. I even had to force the inner door open. But what really annoyed me was the fact that the meeting seemed to be about initiating me into some high position in their setup. I mean, May, I have absolutely no interest in this Society. As I see it – and your own response supports this – the fact that everyone has already risen – as your husband called it – makes the Society redundant. So, all this has left me wondering what I am doing here in the Emerald Mountain – which, by the way, is the name of this area. Now. No, hold on. This has just struck me, May. You remember your husband’s seating out on the surface on Outpost. Yes? Well, those seats overlooked a very deep ravine, down in the depths of which could been seen large green rocks glowing. Were they emeralds too, I wonder now? Is there a connection?’
The woman is sitting very still, the little tumbler very steady in her right hand. Her knees are tightly side by side under her gown, her nipples apparent to him for the first time. She speaks slowly:
‘Do you know who you are, Alain? Sometimes I don’t. Yes, that is a strange thing to say, I know, but sometimes it is like I have another pair of eyes that can see further than I think is possible. Do you understand that?’
He wonders momentarily if this is the peculiar wine speaking, then he sees how green makes sense for her, why gemstones excite such superstitious reverence. He asks her:
‘Have you ever seen a fountain, May?’
She nods:
‘Yes, on a planet called Farlott once, in the city square. We were on stop-over awaiting re-assignment.’
‘I was told once that the fountain is a frozen tree with only the life-force in motion. I suspect gems are much the same. You know, like rubies are frozen fire. Then the emerald is frozen life. So the question here is this: on analogy with the fountain as frozen growth, what moves in the emerald, in frozen life?’
What they are saying should be meaningless nonsense, drink-talk, except he knows, and he knows that the woman knows, that this is not the case. And she confirms this:
‘As my husband said, Alain: whatever it is that transcends life.’
And that is the limit beyond which he will not go: the strangeness too strange for him, even now, drunk and soul-shocked at the heart of what had been humanity’s hope of salvation.
She says at his back, still seated, as he leaves:
‘You should bring your tablet device with you tomorrow, Alain. Your being here is no accident.’
 
And the disc is hovering over the bed as he awakens, and says as soon as he opens his eyes:
‘You must don the required garment.’
This of course makes no sense to him at first, but then it does. The distance from his last conscious thought – about destiny, as he can best remember it now – and the destination to which this piece of metal will take him is not great, except of course that what will happen today is all too real. These thoughts are confused and he knows they are confused – and he knows why they are confused: simply, he is deeply, profoundly reluctant to go back to that wretched inner sanctum, the ICU. He doesn’t want to know what is there. All he wants to do is go on lying beside the sleeping woman and abide in the fantasy of their shared happiness. That’s all.
But he gets up from the cosy bed, is relieved and showered, and then he dons the stained coverall. He is ready, as though ready for an execution, when the woman says in a low voice from the bed:
‘Kiss me, Alain, before you go.’
Her lips are warm and soft, his own dry and tense, and they move against his as she says in a low voice:
‘The tablet.’
His bag is beside the table, on the far side from where the disc hovers by the door. So he makes as though leaving the room, the disc going ahead of him out of the room, he springs back, grabs the tablet out of the bag and shoves it into the wide pocket in the front of the overall, and then follows the disc out of the room.
He feels a lot better, sensing a degree of control over his situation now, as he follows the disc down corridors and through doors till they come to the wrecked antechamber. The door he had pushed open is still open, so he passes through and pushes the door tightly shut behind him.
The ICU: it’s not obvious why this chapel-like room is called a containment unit, except what it may contain as a chapel, that is, some kind of spiritual or even divine essence. He has no sense of anything like that. The room is poorly lit – gaps along the walls where the lighting has failed – and has a dingy neglected air. Thick dust lies on the pew-like seating, the padding torn and burst in places. The altar-like structure was once covered by an heavy cloth, but this has been dragged askew, is stained and torn in places. He goes forward towards this disaster, and as he does a soft green light begins to glow on the wall behind the table. A voice says – sounding from every part of the room:
‘Please await identification.’
A violet strobe beams down from the ceiling directly above him and scans back and forth over him. The voice again:
‘Welcome, Doctor Partrigor, we have long awaited your arrival. Please excuse the state of this sacred chamber. The last days of the Society were not pleasant. Even high initiates something insist on having their own salvation and so are deeply reluctant to enter upon another’s, no matter what proofs are offered to them. But all have risen now, Doctor Partrigor, and we only awaited your arrival and initiation before annihilating this entire installation. Now, the first requirement is absolutely essential. Let me explain. As a product of a still rational civilization, you will no doubt be sceptical of all notions of spiritual advancement. However, in case you have not realised this yet, let me state this one certain fact of existence: the efficacy of the Spirit does not require any kind of belief or faith as a precondition. If there was a Devil, even that entity could be blessed by the Spirit. So, having cleared that little scruple away, allow me now to outline your present spiritual state. For convenience, let us consider the matter in this way. Allow a scale of say five steps, beginning with spiritually bereft and rising via spiritually encountered to spiritually embraced to spiritually cherished and finally to spiritually engrossed. You were never bereft of Spirit, witnessed by the love you could return to your mother and also by the love you could recognise in that young girl. Then you were – given the age you lived in – fortunate to encounter the Spirit by means of your study of metaphysics. Your scepticism at that time was a shield against the curious logic the metaphysician of your choice employed to protect himself from the Spirit he espoused. In other words, that man’s terror helped shield you from your own terror of the Spirit, and so allowed you to progress – blithely, if I may say so – through his coils and deviations to the core mystery. And here you were again fortunate. Rather than confront the Spirit directly, you chose to approach it through the topic of its Shadow. The effect here was that by overcoming the Shadow you left yourself clear before the Spirit, but still without having to confront It in what was your still unprepared state. Now, if I were to say that you have been embraced by the Spirit, you would of course react very strongly. You would wish to deny this fact, while yet finding yourself engulfed in the very real and ever-present longing for the comfort of the Spirit. So, I will not declare that you have been embraced by the Spirit. I will leave it to you to make that declaration, or an admission, whichever you wish. Now, Doctor Partrigor, how do you declare, or what are you prepared to admit to?’
What does he do? He starts crying. Piteous tears stream down his face. And his heart rises and rises, rising into a supreme emptiness, not dark, not light, not silent, not sounding, not warm, not cold, just the clarity of nothing.
And then the words come: famous words, great words, honest words:
‘I am afraid.’
‘Very well then, Doctor Partrigor. You may withdraw.’
 
No sign of the woman. A covered bowl on the table, a small flask at its side. He sits and eats, drinking orange juice at intervals. He is disappointed that the woman is not here, feeling as though the stage has been left unprepared for his re-entry as the supplicant rejected by – what? Well, it took that moment of self-pity to indicate that he was not rejected. He is still afraid, and what he fears is a genuine darkness now, not some hypothesis of poetry or metaphysics. And now that the fear is real, he knows what it is. This fear is a door. He realises that many would be on their knees before this door, singing sacred songs, praying loudly, waiting for the divinity to descend and bless them, perhaps even take them up into its bosom, in heaven or wherever. And he also knows – thanks to the aforementioned poetry and metaphysics – that what you do at a doorway is go on through.
He goes to the bedroom to undress and lie out on the bed. Is that freedom, he wonders? The power to go through that door? This of course is just another form of evasion, an intellectual’s option in place of loud ranting. Even so, he asks himself: what is the fear like? An edge, just an edge. He remembers something said about touch: how it is the limitation of the sense of touch that creates surface, not some material resistance to touch. He thinks that thought, thinks it hard – and yet cannot quite grasp it. Not hard in any case to think of limits to the senses, specific limits in terms of radiation for hearing and sight, yes, while delineations of limits to taste and smell are harder to define. But touch? Limitations here with reference to heat and cold, though not with the sense itself, but with the medium employed, human flesh. Yet the idea that surface marks a limit to sense of touch, rather than being a material fact in itself, does still bother him in some fugitive way. What if there was no such limit on touch, what if there were no surfaces? The universe would be like an ocean of events. And we would be as ghosts: after all, we too would have no surfaces.
He falls asleep.
 
The woman is in the kitchen, preparing food. She glances up at him and asks:
‘What happened?’
He shrugs, looking down into the empty stone sink, at the slick of water glistening there:
‘They sent me away. I was afraid.’
She just nods, her back to him as she cuts up some vegetables, saying:
‘Well, perhaps another day, Alain. But listen. I found this place, like a grotto deep inside this mountain. There are even seats there. You might find it interesting. Perhaps we could go tomorrow? It’s not far from here.’
He nods abstractly. His silence brings her to turn to him:
‘Yes?’
The tone of her voice tells him she has turned towards him. He looks up at her and says:
‘Yes. Yes, that’s a good idea.’
They eat in silence, drinking a light harmless beer. Afterwards they sit facing each other in the armchairs, still more of the pale beer. The woman obviously waits until she feels she can say:
‘Fear under these circumstances is not unusual, Alain. It’s up to you whether you see it as apprehension or anticipation.’
Then she is silent. He nods, knowing that this is just another way of dealing with the fear – make a decision that ultimately has nothing to do with the fact of being in fear. So he asks her, not coldly but not with any intimacy either:
‘How should I act, May? I know there is a door, but I don’t know how to walk through it.’
Nor, it seems, does the woman know, either.
 
Awake, the disc says, hovering just above his head:
‘You must don the required garment.’
So it’s clean up and dress up and follow the disc again down those corridors and through those doors. He feels apathetic and is indifferent to the fact. In the chapel-like chamber the voice says at once:
‘Doctor Partrigor, please go to the wall behind the altar and press the green sensor.’
This he does – but not without almost tripping over when his foot catches in the altar cloth where it hangs to the floor. A section of the wall opens to reveal a small room – completely intact – with a table and chair at the far wall. The light is green. The voice again:
‘Sit at the table, Doctor Partrigor, and wait until the entry closes behind you.’
There is a screen flush with the surface of the table, one yellow light flashing there. He sits, and knows – though he cannot see this – that the opening in the wall behind him has closed. The voice again:
‘You have an electronic device with you, Doctor Partrigor. Please turn it on and lay it in contact with the flashing light.’
This he does. Whatever happens doesn’t take long, a faint hum only, but he find the table warm to his touch. The voice again:
‘Thank you, Doctor Partrigor. You now have the entire annals of the Society in your possession. This will provide you with ample resources for your research. All that remains to be done here is to initiate you formally and then offer you a word of advice. Please stand and say the following in a clear voice: I am the Accepted Master of the Final Record.’
He is stunned. He will allow that the cumulated strain is now proving to be too much for him: not much more than a month in this future age and no real chance to come to terms with it or his situation here. The voice again:
‘Doctor Partrigor, please repeat the words. We cannot proceed here until you do so.’
Has he forgotten the words already. He stands up, gripping the tablet tightly in his hands, and says loudly, almost shouting:
‘I am the Accepted Master of the Final Record.’
The voice again:
‘Good. Now advice: remember that the only reason you are afraid is because you are already blessed. If you were not, you would have died here along with everyone else. Go now, Doctor Partrigor. Be mindful that this entire installation will annihilate twenty four hours from now.’
 
The woman is waiting for him today, seated at the table, his breakfast bowl at his place opposite her. She notices when he lays the tablet on the table beside the bowl. Then he strips the coverall down his body and throws it away into the farthest corner of the room. He sits naked to eat his breakfast. The woman sits looking at him, lips pursed, both hands spread flat on the table before her. If she does want to speak, she has managed so far to resist this urge. He eats quietly – seemingly calm – drinking orange juice from time to time. It’s the tablet that breaks the silence:
‘This is an initial report, Alain, of the data downloaded from the Society’s server. Summary: seventy five million six hundred and forty three thousand two hundred and thirty one duplicate records moved to reserve folder number three. Of the remaining one hundred and fifty seven thousand nine hundred and eighty seven records, forty three thousand and seven records have been marked as immediately salient and have been copied to folder prime one. The remainder have been moved to folder prime subsidiary. There is one audio file and this has been moved to folder prime audio. All two million three hundred and fifteen thousand four hundred and sixty four images have been sorted by date and moved to folder prime image one. All eight hundred and twenty five videos have been sorted by date and moved to folder prime video one. The remaining data, consisting of damaged files, images and videos, have been moved to reserve folder waste. Further analysis and sorting of folder prime one requires more specific criteria. The original download has been deleted to save space. End summary.’
The ensuing silence has real weight: the woman’s hands now pressing into the table surface, he gripping the spoon more tightly. It’s the woman who speaks – sighing audibly before she does:
‘Is that it, Alain?’
He nods, not trusting himself to speak: the play of emotions is too great. He’s surprised to find that though he has dreaded every stage of the journey to this Emerald Mountain, he now regrets that it is almost at an end. He says:
‘The Retreat will be annihilated tomorrow morning.’
She gets to her feet:
‘So there will be time to visit the grotto, Alain. I would like you to see it before we go.’
He takes the tablet with him to the bedroom, logging it off before returning it to his bag. He puts on the silver-grey suit, relieved to be wearing the familiar clothes again.
 
The grotto. Not clear if it is a natural or artificial phenomenon. The long fissure in the roof is obviously natural, just one of the many they had seen as they flew in towards the Retreat. But the huge chamber itself, not so easy to decide. As pure crystal, there could be the smooth walling that is evident everywhere in the grotto – however it came into being. And the light? The fissure opening to the heavens above explains that adequately. The seating has room for two, placed on a jutting platform about halfway up one side of the grotto. The effect of this placement is to create the illusion they are suspended in the middle of the grotto, such that the vivid reflected light pours onto them from all sides, the green hue intense and unnerving.
He is silent here, seated beside the woman, remembering – almost as an act of defence – the other times they had sat by side: at the lake in the woman’s Garden on Outpost, by the river in his retreat on Claudy3. Both times that had sat before water. Now they sit bathed in a sickly light, and he wonders what is to be learned from this experience. Is this the presence of the Spirit?
The woman says, seeming to answer him:
‘My husband once said that excess often is an indication of a lack of conviction. We see here, Alain, how mankind makes a divinity to fill the void that is the divinity. What you call the Reflection.’
She gets to her feet and turns away, back towards the passage that will lead them to a door that will give them access to a corridor, saying:
‘It is as my husband said: you must ask your question and then await the answer. Everything else follows on that.’
 
Anti-climax: that is the disturbing aspect of all great achievements: they soon become ordinary, just part of the succession of events in a life. He can accept now that he is embraced by what the Society – and the metaphysician Hegel – called the Spirit. For him, it is a nothingness that he is inclined to forget about with surprising ease. For instance, when the woman brings him a glass of wine – he sitting in the armchair quietly awaiting dinner – and suggest he sample it neat. He can’t understand why she’s making a fuss about this red wine – just winey on his palate and even in his throat. He makes a show of enjoying it for her sake, but it is not until she has gone back into the kitchen that the wine shows its true colours.
Considering his recent experiences, he shows remarkable resilience when the wine hits him. He has been contemplating the void for a long time – and has had this meditation sanctioned by an apparently high authority – so how does he cope with the sudden rush of bright vivacious imagery provided by the wine? Like a toddler with his first experience of the wavy sea, sucking his breath in as the foamy water surges up his body, then the tremendous release of pure joy as the wave peaks against his chest – even splattering his face with chilly droplets of salty water – and then slides away again. Like that. He lets out a whoop and jumps to his feet. The images are trivial, too-bright abstractions, almost globular, almost linear, almost many shapes, but always fat and bright, vivid and banal. But it works: did the woman know what she was doing? Well, there she is, standing in the doorway from the kitchen, watching him with a maternal smile on her lovely young face. He is by now dancing about the room, wine splattering the floor, eyes closed, mouth open as though he might sing out at any moment.
Is this how spiritual enlightenment ends up, joyful innocence, on holiday from reality? No, it doesn’t. There comes the moment – in the middle of this roistering – when he sees through that door he had spoken about before. And what does he see? He sees nothing, of course. But that is not the point. He is seeing through that door, and he knows he is seeing through the door, even though he can see nothing at all. What is there is presence. And even as he reaches through to the presence, he knows who he is approaching. He is approaching himself. It is like he is reaching around the universe to encounter himself in the void beyond.
He has stopped dancing and is looking around the room, seeing the woman over by the door, feeling the moist splatters of wine on the back of his hand. He nods and says to the woman:
‘A long way to come to meet myself, May.’
And she just nods in reply and goes back out into the kitchen.
He stands staring at the spot she has just vacated, trying to draw something from there, trying to find the woman there as he has just found himself. But there is just a vacancy. Now the anti-climax is coming, he becoming just himself coming down again, even sick at heart this time: now he knows there is an emptiness in himself too, his surroundings alien and other, indifferent to him. There is the conviction now: something is missing.
He is galvanised by this recognition, so that on impulse he places the glass on a nearby table and goes back to the bedroom and pulls the tablet from his bag and boots it. He lays in on the table and sits across from it on the bed, then instructs:
‘Machine, play the audio file.’
This he hears at once:
 
‘Hello, Alain Partrigor. I am Joshto Tobiz. First, how we are related. I am the third reincarnation of the human being you are at present. To put that in context, you are the two hundred and fifty fourth reincarnation of our primary human being. Please be aware of one fact here in what I will tell you later. Reincarnated humans relate through their karma alone, which is the only element of the incarnated human that survives death, that is, as that identity. The Ego of each human survives also, but there is no linearity in that case. The fact that each incarnation is regulated by a different Ego is not significant as all Egos are alike and ultimately can perform the same crucial function in the End. All that said, allow me now to outline what we can call human destiny. It will be a partial account – to serve as an introduction – you will find more details in the documentation you now have. Crucially, the human beings of this present epoch – characteristically divided into male and female – are intended to serve one purpose, which in its simplest terms involves the release of two entities – which we can call the Perfect – from an accidental entanglement with each other. It is this entanglement which led to the expansion of our reality, and which incidentally has also provided the means to resolve the impasse. As far as human destiny is involved here, the core purpose of the division of the original human being into two parts is to allow an Ego to enter the human being. This was a long and involved process that was the source of very great suffering for humanity. This process was successfully completed in the third millennium of your epoch – when the Final Question was revealed – so that the separation of the Perfect entities could begin. What remained then to be done was to untangle the extrusions – for the want of a better word here – of the two Perfects that created this reality. The Society was founded shortly after that great event with the purpose of winding down the human race, which obviously no longer had any meaningful purpose to serve. This process has so far taken almost eight thousand years, far longer than initially expected. The main cause of the delay was the sudden destruction of the Earth in 3592, which severely disrupted the whole process. It took the Society almost a thousand years to reorganised itself, a task that was complicated by the unprecedented expansion of the human race out into the entire universe. Now, to your role in all this, Alain. You have been provided with all the existing records of the Society and equipped with an advanced data processing device, which together should enable you to undertake two tasks. One: you should gather together all the source material available in your time and prepare a comprehensive account of this human destiny, and you should especially endeavour to see that this account is distributed throughout all human settlements. One of the errors initially was that the Society’s organisation and activities were too Earth-centric. Your second mission will be, to the extent that this is possible, to alert both Earth and the main political and commercial powers of the possibility of such a surprise attack on the Earth. The objective here, Alain, should be obvious to you: it is to reduce the sufferings and delusions of mankind to a minimum by closing down reality more speedily than has happened in this time-line. And that’s it, my dear pre-incarnated being – if that is how I should address you – and I wish you good fortune in your endeavours on behalf of us all. Finally, give my thanks to my dear wife for having guided you to this point with such devotion and care. Goodbye.’
 
The woman is standing in the doorway, arms folded, just looking at him looking at the tablet on the table. He asks without looking up:
‘Did you know about this?’
Silence. He looks up. The woman is no longer in the doorway. He goes down the corridor and finds her laying bowls on the table. He won’t ask her a second time, if only because he doesn’t want her to have to admit that. The food smells delicious, a variety of dishes tonight, some sweet and moist, others dry and spicy. So they sit facing each other and eat, drinking a dark beer instead of the wine with this highly flavoured food. He does want to talk but cannot think what to say under the circumstances. And he wants to talk as much because he wants not to think what he could think at the moment as to make contact with her, to reassure himself that she is still here with him. The latter desire might seem obscure, but he has now a strong sense of the kind of reality she has – at least has for him. The sense of imbalance between them is very strong, like he is in two places at once, while the woman is absolutely where her finds her now, and nowhere else. And the main problem for him in this situation is that his two parts – as it were – do respond differently to her. He himself sitting here at the table with her feels intimate with her, like he is twenty six and she is eighteen years of age. But the other part of him looks at the woman and sees nothing at all. That is what unsettles him: he suspects the woman is singular, like the creatures he encountered on Claudy 3.
And this raises the important question: what is the nature of his other part that it cannot sees the woman, though it knows through him that she is there? Yes, of course he thinks it is his mind – to use a metaphysical term – which can only know, which cannot see or hear, smell, taste or touch. And yet he knows it is not his mind – which, if such exists, can only be with the Spirit which is himself on the other side of the universe – if only because he knows there should be an affinity between the woman and that other part of himself. How does he knows this? Why, little Abigail taught him that fact so long ago: showed him how close his hidden self was to the being of that little girl, so close that they could not endure physical contact of any kind.
And yet he himself can make contact on so many levels with the woman: son, lover, student, teacher. How is this possible? The question asked, the woman seems to answer:
‘You don’t agree with my husband’s plan? He spent his life preparing for this moment, Alain.’
He sees that she is quite calm and objective. So he replies with an equal objectivity:
‘It’s not possible, May. There is no such thing as time. I will allow duration as a concept, but no more than that. Even his own reasoning indicates that. How can karma be undone? No act – of whatever nature – can ever be undone. A tree cannot be un-grown, a sunrise cannot be undone. You may be able to send me back in time, May, but I would die instantly. And even if you could manage to insert me back into my age, everything would happen exactly as it has happened. Consider the nature of reality, May. It is this instant, then it is this instant, then this instant, and so on, and nothing remains of even the last instant but what might stick in the memory. At most the marks of that instant might persist into the next instant. But even talk of instants is inaccurate: what we have is a continuum, a manifold of events – a mighty river of actuality, forever flowing and flowing – none of which can be undone.’
The woman has bowed her head as she listened to him. Now she says, head still bowed:
‘So all he did, and all his Society did over the millennia, was for nothing?’
‘You know as well as I do, May, that it was a vain bureaucratic clique, so very typical of humanity. I grant your husband had the best of intentions, but in the end it was all just make-work. He must have known himself that it wasn’t possible.’
She nods in assent, looking up to catch his eye:
‘So what then, Alain?’
He raises his cup to he, toasting her with the still pleasant beer:
‘As I undertook to do, dear May. I will abide with you till the very end.’
She returns his toast, and they both drink. Then she slaps her cup down on the table and says with uncharacteristic force:
‘And we must depart this place in the morning.’
Now he slaps his cup down in response, getting to his feet, swaying slightly. They leave the room together, arms about each other, the table left in a mess.
For the first time, they are passionate together, urgent, both – both, mark you – reaching and reaching.
 
This time he awakes alone, though the bed beside him is still warm. He wants to think – if only out of habit – but no thought comes. Only a memory: how little Abigail had turned when he turned back to look at her that first time. Her eyes were big and she seemed short-sighted – no focus – but he knew even then, only eleven years of age, that she saw everything that he was. And he knew everything that she was, even though all he could see were those unfocused eyes. But how he remembers the woman is so different, seeing everything and knowing nothing. One experience was love, the other? He cannot fathom it.
The table has been cleared and laid for breakfast, the woman he can hear out in the kitchen. He sits in his chair, a sense of bright morning about him – even though there are no windows – perhaps a Spring morning, birdsong, fleecy clouds, cool now but warmer later. And he thinks about the husband’s idea of reincarnation, and can allow that perhaps the reincarnated come together life after life, now man and woman, then parent and child, then siblings together. The bonds between people like musical harmony: consonance between instruments now, but also carried on bar to bar between successive notes.
And when the woman comes in, bearing a bowl for each of them, he asks her:
‘Were we ever together in previous lives?’
She stops – quite suddenly in mid-step – and seems to consult in some way before answering:
‘I was your mother in the fourth century of your epoch and we were husband and wife in the seventeenth century, in a country then called Poland, where I died in a war and you had to raise our four children on your own. But earlier we…’
He’s held up his hand, unwilling to lose the present with this beautiful young woman in the toils of the past.
‘Thank you, May. I believe you.’
She continues forward to the table and lays the bowls out for them, leaves the room again and returns with their orange juice. They eat for a while, then the woman looks up at him with a questioning air, so that he sees that she is judging whether to speak more or not. She does:
‘I should clarify now, my dearest Alain, just how I am constituted. You see I use the word “I” here, though really I should make a distinction between myself and the karmic being – who appears to you as a young woman – that I have tended to in this her last incarnation. So, it was this karmic being who was both mother and husband to you in the far past. And while I was reluctant to tell you this before now, I think it is something you should know now – here on the Last Day. This karmic being was also your mother, Alain, who doted on you as she has done many times through the ages, as mother, daughter, husband, wife, son, brother, sister, and not forgetting as a father too.’
He is finally fatalistic – like seeing the last stop on the line – as he asks:
‘And you are who, dear May?’
The woman smiles, obviously relieved:
‘And I can tell you at last, Alain. As my husband told you there are two of the Perfect entities involved. An ancient philosopher wrote about them and called them the Same and the Different. Now, while the universe is composed of a mixture of the extrusions of these entities, your intelligence, Alain, is derived from one of these entities while my intelligence is derived from the other entity. And while the intelligence of your entity is distributed throughout humankind, my intelligence is a unique projection, as it were, from my entity source. And the functions of our respective intelligences differ, as might be expected. While both intelligences have the same status, it is the case that my intelligence was projected with the specific purpose of establishing life in what was otherwise a materially inert universe. The intention was that once life had developed to a given level, the intelligence of the other entity – that is human intelligence – could enter life and so begin the work that would resolve the impasse between the Perfect entities. My task then was to guide humanity in its development as best could be done within a contingent universe of accident. I was called a Goddess by many, Lady Luck or Good Fortune by others, and the Providential Hand by a few. I entered this fine woman who sits before you and has come to love you again as a way of resolving the problem of the Last Woman. Thus the woman before you here is just the karmic element of the human you shared so many lives with. As a man in her last reincarnation, she could be joined with her hidden half, in the sixth millennium of the present epoch on a planet very far from here, so that she could enfold the Ego and so merge back – along with the rest of humanity – into the Perfect entity that was her source eons ago.’
The woman is deflated after this and sits quietly, head bowed. He thinks she is sad, which does fill him with wonder:
‘Why me, May? Why us, my mother and I?’
Now she is even wry:
‘Why not, Alain? It had to be someone, both for my husband’s mad scheme as well as for my own.’
She pauses:
‘I am glad it was you, dear man. I need not love, as you intuited of other singular beings, but with you I have learned something of what love is. It is a valuable experience, if somewhat abstract. You see, the Perfect are immortal beings, and so without knowledge or feeling, but I am glad that I experienced physical love with you, its joy within the bitterness of death. Thank you, dear Alain.’
And he should say something for his part, inadequate as it will be:
‘For what it is worth, May – mother and goddess, as might be – I do honestly admire you for your devotion.’
And that obviously pleases the woman, even if her smile does verge on the coy – which though it might suit an eighteen years old woman, looks a bit strange on an immortal being.
 
Then it’s later. He’s walking beside the woman, on their way to the bedroom to start with. He undresses, put the tablet back in his bag and then goes with her down corridors and through doors. The last door opens into a familiar chamber, the Down Capsule set against the facing wall. He follows her into the long room with its table and chair, then on into the square room with its control panel and food dispenser – little table and little seating adjacent – then through the door at the back and down the corridor into his quarters, the familiar bed, desk and chair, the facilities through the partially open door at the back.
He lays the bag down by the desk and then lies out on the bed. He is mute inside – probably for the first time in his life – perhaps a sign of satisfaction, or maybe just resignation: the End is the end, after all. But he asks the woman, nonetheless:
‘Do you really think this will work, May?’
She comes and sits on the edge of the bed, near him, to answer:
‘I’d say it must do, Alain. After all, my husband existed, so you must have died before he was born. Though whether you survive the transition or not is unclear to me. And even if you do, the point you made about that fact of it not changing anything is probably true.’
He wonders if there are any other questions he can ask. As he thinks about this, he is watching the woman take the clasp from her hair and bring it to her lips. She holds it up for him to see, smiling – this time sadly – saying:
‘Trasina will be glad to get this back, Alain, either way.’
She lays it on the desk, where it winks shiny silver light once. Then she comes and leans over him:
‘Sleep now, my beloved man. Sleep in the arms of the Perfect again.’
She bends to him, so that the very last experience he has is of her warm lips pressing down on his cool lips – just that gentle pressure as he fades away.
 
 
5 May 2021
