
The Library

by

Rowlen Delaware Vanderstone III

Copyright 02/06/2021

Smashword Edition
 License Notes

Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This book may not be reproduced, copied, and distributed for commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Other works may be priced for purchase or offered free and may have limitations to reproduction without Author’s permission or may need additional purchase from your ebook retailer.

Introduction

The Library is a Sci-fiction story about a teen who in 2007 A.D. is chosen to become the next Head Librarian of a Library hidden deep below the Earth surface since 350 A.D. The oldest known Library in the universe whose archives date back more than 1 million years.  Our Teen is reluctant to believe that the Library is real, nor that the current head Librarian is real, just a figment of his imagination and dreams.  Ezekiel Jeremiah Jones is soon to learn that it is real and the Librarian is real. And needs Ziek’s help in saving the Universe.
“Surrendering isn’t always a bad thing, when you consider the reason why you surrender.  Defeat can be when you face a foe who out numbers you and seeks your destruction.  Defeat can be coming to the realization that you can no longer deny what is facing you and you have no options left but defeat or die.  To live or to die isn’t always a conscious choice and can often be disguised behind fear or just stubbornness to admit defeat.  You don’t always need an opposing army to show you that you are outnumbered.  All to often your opponent is just one person, you.  It may be easier to face defeat when you face an army who is stronger, larger, and equipped with better weapons. When you face yourself, defeat is humiliating when you consider it is yourself that has outnumbered you, bested every move you have made, and refuses to give up. So, who is the victor here, you or you?”
“As I stood there relieving myself, I came to the realization that it is not defeat, to admit that you can’t continue to deny that the Library from another galaxy isn’t real. Cornelius of Regal-Nebulas Miner isn’t real, or that this is all a dream.  Dream’s end and you wake up. I woke up this morning and find myself once again in the library facing not a Holographic image of Cornelius, but the flesh and blood Cornelius.  The Librarian was real. The Library was real, and I was real, therefore, I could no longer deny this was just a figment of my imagination. In the last several months I have gone through a transformation since I first saw the Library and left the Library. I was a different person since finding the library.  A better person and who was I to say that was a dream.  If it was a dream I didn’t want to wake up and find myself back to being my old self, that miserable teen who daily grew further apart from his mother, failing school, and constantly in trouble running around with the wrong crowd.  Surrendering isn’t losing the battle it is living another day so you can chose the battles you can win. “Ziek admitted to himself.
“Now Zeik, that is the philosophy of a great man, one who can admit defeat so he can fight another day the battles he can win.  I assure you Zeik, there are battles out there you can win, and battles you shouldn’t even try to win.  Knowing what battles to choose is what I plan to teach you as the Librarian.  The Library isn’t just about stored knowledge in a computer database, or physical books on a shelf.  It isn’t about artifacts, or audio/visual aids. It is about taking that knowledge and learning how to use it to your advantage.  Have you not since leaving the library, learned how to use the knowledge you always had at your fingertips to make remarkable changes in your life for the better.  You chose the battle you can win, and you won that battle.  If you had not chosen that battle, you would have lost the old battle you were having and that would have been defeat of a kind you could never forgive yourself for losing.” Cornelius spoke to Zeik in his mind.”


Chapter 1
Ziek I Need You


Many times, I have come this way to the river and each time I have turned away from my path.  There was always this feeling of pending doom looming over my head when I had gone too far down the path that lead to the far end of the flatlands.  The goose bumps on my arms would prickle and rise, giving me warning that something was wrong.  Yet, When I would turn away and retrace my steps back to a familiar path to the river, this fear would be forgotten as if nothing ever happened.  Today was no different than any other day, except today I did not turn away from the center of the path.  Those warning signs I always got did not appear and the compulsion to turn around and flee was gone.  Soon I was down the path further then I have ever gone into the flatlands on my way to the river.  I realized I had passed the usual spot of the path where I would turn right down to the river bank to my favorite fishing spot.  All around me I saw unfamiliar landmarks, and the ground I stepped on was virgin sole to my feet.  There was no path worn by many summers of my trekking to the river bank.
An uneasiness settled over me.  One would have thought that someone at some time or another would have traversed this way to reach another part of the river bank for fishing.  I knew the river took a bend up ahead where sand cliffs towered over the shallow banks of the river.  Many times, I have seen them by raft as I floated down the river, but never had the urge to get closer to them, always rafting on down the river further into the highlands where the river eventually reached the dam.  There was a mystery here.  What it was I began to wonder.  Why for the last eight years that I have been on the river exploring since the first time at seven years of age with my father, have I not been to this part of the flatlands.  Why was today any different than any other day.  
It was sunny and unseasonably warm that day.  I was on Spring break from school and restless to find something to do.  Spring had come early, and I knew that the river thaw had come and gone, leaving the flatlands dry early this year.  I wanted to check out my usual fishing spot to see what damage the Winter ice had done to my dip-pole stand left from last Spring.  The netting season would soon be here, and any repairs needed on the stand and poles would need to be done during Spring break.  I started to the river bank by my usual route off Market Street, across the railroads tracks down to the flatlands.  Everyone took this route through the flatlands to the river to fish or swim.  I guess I was lost in my daydreams when I passed my turn off to my private spot on the river bank.  I found myself far from where my dip-pole stand was.  
As I looked around me I saw new grass creeping up through the brown grass of last Fall, flatten by the Winter Ice flows.  Here and there,  would be Spring blooms of wild Daffodils and Crocus.  In the small scrub and thorn bushes, you could hear birds merrily chirping, and fluttering about from ground to air, circling around, and then land once again among the thorn bushes.  It was evident that Spring was in full force and alive on the flatlands.  What wasn’t evident was why I had not been to this part of the flatlands before.  Up ahead I could now see the sand cliffs that towered some 200 feet at its  highest over the flatlands on this side of the river.  Another tower of cliffs stood across the river a twin to this one.  The river flowed through this gateway to rumble through the highlands that bordered its banks.  Soon realized that I would be reaching a point where the river met with the base of the sand cliff, a conjunction were the river took a sharp bend and the flat lands ended.  I knew that if I traveled to far I would run out of land stopped by the river that meet the base of the cliffs.  Scaling the cliffs where out of the question.  I was strongly compelled to continue on my journal.  
As I neared the sand cliff, my trail took me away from the river bank leading me  a hundred yards in from the river bank to face a section of the sand cliffs away from its point where it meet the river.  I was just about to turn around and go back, when I heard the echo of a splash to the left of me, as if a frog had just jumped into water.  I was too far from the river to hear a splash.  I was puzzled and my curiosity was peaked, so instead of turning back, I proceeded toward the sound of the splash in search of the possibility of a small pond hidden in the tall grass.  My search took me further away from the river bank, and I was soon rewarded with the sight of a small gully nestled at the base of the cliffs that surrounded the flatlands.  In the center of this gully was a shimmering pool of deep Emerald Green water, that was fed by a waterfall hidden between a crevice at the base of the sand cliff a, few feet above the pond.  You would not have noticed it from afar as this crevice was a deep crack in the base of the sand cliff, the waterfall hidden in the shadows of the crack.  The banks around the gully were covered in scrub and tall grasses, hiding the pond until you actually stepped on top of its banks.  Someone running blindly through the tall grass would have fallen down the banks right in to the gully and its pond.  The waterfall was just a mere tumble of water, barely making any sounds to reach the ears of anyone nearby.  The gully and its pond banked right up to the sand cliff, gutting a groove right out of the base of the cliff.  From atop of the cliff, you would have not seen the pond at all as it was hidden by an overhand of the cliff above.  Any one from that perch would find it difficult to look directly down to the pond, nor see the waterfall that started midway down from the upper cliff.  I knew for a fact that the nearest road to these overhanging cliffs where some many miles away.  It was nearly impossible to reach the upper cliffs by foot due to the scrub and thorn bushes that covered the upper highlands.  
By some miracle I had found the path to this small gully of wonders.  I turned around to get my bearings on the path behind me so I would not lose my way out of the scrub, only to find to my amazement my way back home was blocked by those very same scrub that hid the gully from prying eyes.  I wanted to turn back and find my way through the scrub.  Maybe unconsciously I had made a zigzag through the scrub, rather then, a straight line.  Maybe that was why I could not see my way out.  But I could not bring my legs to move in that direction.  Rather, I was compelled to look back over the gully, to stare at that  mystery of nature deep in thought wondering why I had never come this way before.  I was too deep in thought to notice something else strange about the dark crevice that the waterfall flowed from.  The water flowed from the cliff gently to fall into the pond below it.  The left side of the pond went right up to the base of the cliff, there to hide under a lower overhang of sandstone.  From the right side of the pond where I stood over the gully, there was a path leading around the pond toward the waterfall.  I was drawn to the far side of the pond by a feeling that someone was watching me.  Before I knew it, I was down into the gully taking the path that led to the waterfall.  As I got closer to the falls I noticed a small cave just aside of the water fall, where half the falls covers the entrance.  As I came to the bottom of the falls I noticed the path led me behind and underneath the falls to enter into this small cave.  The cave was just barely large enough for me to crawl into to.
There was some urgency for me to enter the cave.  I was once again being compelled to proceed.  It wasn’t easy at first as I crawled a few yards into the cave tunnel.  Then the tunnel opened up into a much larger cave where I could stand up in.  This was a tall but short cave, where at the back of the cave I found rough-hewn steps that led upward.  After  some fifty steps or so, I found myself at a stone bridge that crossed the stream of water that passed through the wall of the cliff to create the small waterfall outside.  The stone bridge led be across the underground stream and after several turns on the path, I started to go downward rather than upward as I had started.  Then I noticed that I was able to see the path ahead of me.  At first this significance passed over me by the compulsion that was leading me down into the bowels of the earth.  The inner walls and floors of the tunnel I was now in was lit with a glow of soft yellow, just enough light to guide me.  Even the smoothness of the tunnel floor and walls went unnoticed at first, until I came to the end of the tunnel I was in.  Led by my fervor of excitement, I had ran taking turn after turn downward, sometimes doubling back on each turn, yet always down until the path leveled off, and I literally ran into a wall at a dead end of the tunnel.
It was then that I noticed the smoothness of the floors and walls around me.  What I had ran into was made of the same smooth material as the rest of the tunnel, it was a door made of a Cobalt blue steel material, just like the rest of the tunnel.  The door wasn’t a tall rectangle you would find in a normal wall at home, but a large spiral portal about the height of a normal door.  I stood there catching my breath for the first time since entering the cave at the waterfall.  For the first time I felt fear and I hesitated, to think of why I had rushed down into the unknown, never once thinking about my safety.  There I was leaning up against a warm vibrating steel portal, grasping for breath, and dense to my surroundings.  The ceiling could fall on me and I would not have noticed.  The fact that the portal was warm and vibrating a steady rhythm finally sank in.  I caught my breath and composed my thoughts.  I took a hard look around me and started to notice my surroundings for the first time.  I expected rough-hewn walls of rock, but instead, I found smooth metal warm to the touch, and humming a steady beat of sound.  I placed my ear up against the portal and I could hear machinery running on the other side.  I searched the casing around the portal for a way to open the portal, like the buttons you find on an elevator.  There was a slight impression on the left and I used my index finger to push cautiously on the spot indicated.  With a whisper, the portal spiraled open with the ease of a welled oiled machine.  
A small light illuminated the small closet size room, showing me that it was indeed an elevator.  Without thinking, I stepped in and the portal closed behind me so fast I was startled.  For a second there nothing happened, and as I started to look for the control panel, I felt the room start to drop at a nauseating speed.  My ears popped once, then twice, before I felt the room start a controlled stop to its plummeting rush.  My stomach by then was doing flip flops, while my ears felt like they were bleeding.  I stood there for moment before I realized that the portal was open, and a vast vaulted chamber towered over me.  If I had thought I had seen it all up until now, I was wrong.  The chamber was occupied with row after row of machinery, computer banks of flashing lights and clicking sounds.  The chamber was at least the length of two football fields and just as wide.  The ceiling was hidden in dark shadows.  Overlooking the chamber at the far end was the largest video screen I had ever seen.  It was framed in an ornate gold frame.  What was most remarkable about it was that it was suspended in mid-air without any visible means of support or wires holding it up.  I was dazzled by the sheer size of the screen and the moving lights that floated effortlessly on the screen.  It was mesmerizing to watch the patterns of colors that were displayed on the screen.
Slowly I walked between the banks of computers and machinery that went on forever row after row, until I couldn’t count them all.  Then I realized these were Mainframe computers, mega brains of electronic information.  By the design I knew them to be far advanced then those of our present technology, very alien in nature, construction, and yet, ancient, very ancient.  Why I knew this I couldn’t tell you then, now I could.  Not a speck of dust was seen anywhere.  The air to the chamber was fresh and smelled of wild flowers.  The walls where polished to a bright sheen, where you could see your reflection in them.  The many blinking multi-colored lights from the computers made the walls look like a Christmas tree seen off in the distance.  I was deep in thought, marveling out the wonders I was seeing.   The voice that was talking to me didn’t register at first, my mind was to dense at the moment to notice.
“Ah young man, young man, are you listening.”  It took a moment for the voice to sink in through the fog that my mind was in, before I realized that someone was talking to me.  I jumped when it spoke again.  “Hey boy, are you deaf or something.” The voice boomed at me.
I turned around to find the face to match the voice, and there up on the big screen was the person who was talking to me.  His eyes where large penetrating orbs of Sapphire blue, capped with bushy brows of golden Wheat hair.  On each side of his face were long slender pointed ears that surfaced through a golden crown of curly hair, now streaked with a rich silver and bronze frost.  The top of his head was bald, polished to a sheen that reflected a soft glow of yellow warmth.  The source of his voice came from lips that were frail lines giving way to a jaw set firm with a resolution of strength and determination.  His cheek bones rose high surrounding a rather whimsical nose.   You couldn’t see a shoulder or neck attached to the head as they were hidden by the multitude of colors that floated around his head.  For surely this face was alien, as was the chamber of computers.  It was all too much for my brain to absorb and rationalize.  Suddenly, I felt dizzy and weak at the knees.  I needed a place to lie down and quick, like now!


Chapter Two
The Librarian


I’m not sure how long I was out, but when I woke, I found myself lying on a cot in a small alcove just off to the side of the main computer chamber.  Everything was still fuzzy, my head hurt, and my eyes had trouble focusing on the room I was in.  Every time I would lift my head up from the pillow, I would see that same benign face I remembered before I passed out.  Just when I thought I had focus, there in front of me was that face.  I finally gave up and closed my eyes, then I started to here that voice again in my head.  Nothing I could do would stop that voice from invading my thoughts.
“Young man, please don’t panic, it only makes it harder for me to speak to you.  Just relax lad and try to breath slowly in and out.  It will help you recover from your excitement.   My, what such weak brains waves your species have.  I would have thought that after several millennium your kind would have at least improved in that department.  It is so hard to speak to you in my fashion.”  The voice spoke in my head with some concern.
I tried to resist the soothing pattern of the voice that spoke in my head.  But, as it rattled on, I found it relaxing and soothing, soon I was breathing slower, the voice influence over my thoughts was improving, as the alien attempted to communicated.
“Well lad, that’s better, your thoughts are coming through much better now and very clear I must say.  I shall rethink my evaluation on your kind’s brain abilities.  Certainly, I must be behind in my reports.”  The voice was getting stronger and easier for me to follow.  Can you understand me lad?”
  I tried to speak but was cut off.  “Now wait a minute lad!  Speak with your mind, not your vocal cords.  It is the only way I can understand you.  Just put your words into thoughts and project them out mentally.  Think of it as mentally having a conversation with yourself.  Only this time you are having a little chat with another brain.  Now lad, does this make sense to you?”  The voice asked in my head.
It did.  I took a long breath and let it out slowly, then I bit my lip to keep from trying to speak out loud with them.  “Where in the hell am I?”  I mentally shouted at the bodiless face before me.
“Please not so loud,” said the face cringing in pain.  “I was right, my updates are over do.  Your telepathic skills are much better then I hoped for.   Now just project whispering, and I think everything will be all right.”  The face spoke.
With great restraint, I whispered my inquiries.  “Where am I?”
“You are in the Library of Immortals.”  The face said with authority.
“Who are you?” I first spoke with my voice, then remembered to speak with my mind. “Who are you?” I projected with my thoughts.
The face hovered over my bed then came closer to my face.  “I am the Librarian, well that is to say his image.”
“What do you mean his image?” I quizzed the floating face.
“What I mean is that I’m a Holographic projection of the image of the original Librarian.  You do know what a Holographic image is my lad?” The Librarian spoke to me.
“Yes.”  I told him.
“Great,’ boomed the voice, “this means that you have advanced to a level of technology I had not expected so soon in your time frame.  Really I must get my reports updated.  I have been somewhat lax since the turn of the century.  You take a few days off and you get behind in your paperwork.  Why, it was just yesterday it seems that I was listening to the first radio wave Marconi was sending across the Atlantic.” The Librarian rattled on.
“Oh please, it’s much later then that now.”  I tried to interrupt the Librarian, but he rambled on and on.
“I was so thrilled that I decided to take a holiday to celebrate.  That must have been only a few days ago.  Really remarkable to find your kind able to handle telepathic waves so early in your century, wasn’t due until much later in your evolution.  This is truly remarkable my lad.  Yes truly...”
“Please stop, you’re not listening to me.”  I shouted with all the force of my thoughts.
“Remarkable my lad.  What, you don’t need to shout at me.  After all, we are in the same room,” The face withdrew a little distance back into a corner of the room.  “really lad, it is not like I’m in another room.  Well, in fact I am, but you really don’t need to shout at me.”
I had to stop the Librarian from rambling on again.  “You’re really got to get your mind on track here, I can’t follow you.”
“Oh yes, sorry, how rude of me to just ramble on and on.  Really I must improve on my manners.  Really I must...”  Here we go again I thought, the Librarian was off on another tangent of his.  “Check my reports.”  Then the face disappeared and reappeared a few seconds later.  “What century is this lad?” The face asked me.
 “That’s what I have been trying to tell you.  It is the early 21st century.”
“What, the 21st century say you!” Shouted the face in my mind.  “Oh, sorry lad, too much volume.”  The face looked at me with a quizzical look.  Are you sure lad?”  The faced whispered.
“Yes Sir.   The year is 2007, at least it was when I came in here.”  I paused.  “Unless I have slept longer than I expected when I passed out.”
“No, my lad, you were only out for a few minutes.  It was I who have overslept, or did I wake up to early.  Really I must get that clock fixed.” The face faded away again, leaving me with an image of a puzzled frown on his forehead.   For a moment or two my mind was empty of the alien voice and I felt empty, as if I had entered into a sound proof room and couldn’t hear a thing.  It was scary at first, but then, I began to hear other voices in the background.  Small voices in the distance, many conversations from another room, as if a large group were meeting.  I wasn’t alone and never would be again.  Why I wasn’t afraid or worried, I could not tell you then.  I just felt comfort and peace in the background of my mind.  It was later that I discovered it was the mental influence of the Librarian, the way his alien mind was adapting to my nerve synapses.  In time I would find myself adapting to a greater efficiency of my own brain abilities.  For now, I was thinking about all those voices and how to sort them out, to hear them clearly, or block them from my mind.  The  Librarian’s voice returned to my mind.
“Lad, you only need to tell them to shut up, or rather say “Audio Off.”  It works for me.”  The face popped back into my little room.  “What you are hearing are the many minds of the Library at work.  Constantly tabulating, correlating, and transferring data from one source to another.  They do at times forget that they have their audio links up on full volume.  If it weren’t for the shielding around the Library itself, I’m afraid the whole universe would hear them, and that wouldn’t do at all.  Can’t have the wrong people eavesdropping on us, can we my lad.”  Smiled the face at me.
“No, I guess not.  Wait a minute, you mean I’m hearing all those computers in my mind?”
“Yes lad, you’ll get used to it in time.  I certainly have.”  He told me.
“The hell I will.  I’m getting out of here now, before I start going stark raving mad.”  I started to get up off the cot I was laying on but fell back when my head started to split open with one of the biggest headaches I have ever had.  I wanted die, I thought I was dying.”
“Whoa there lad, not so fast.  In time you can leave I promised you that, but for now, you need to rest and allow for your physical needs to improve.”  Out of nowhere appeared an arm that was attached to a shoulder which was attached to the head of the Librarian.  I was beginning to wonder if the head had a body to go along with it.  The arm had a hand attached to it and in its hand was a class of a dark liquid.  “Now lad take this medicine.  It will help your head feel better.”
I reached up to take the glass and realized that the hand was real and so was the rest of the arm.  I took the glass and drank the dark liquid within it.  Then the arm disappeared, along with the shoulder, and then the face.    I was getting tired of this ghost popping in and out of nowhere, and I let the Librarian now it with a full blast of my mental anger.  “Hey, do you think you can warn a person when you are coming and going.  It gets a little startling to have parts of you here one moment, then gone the next.”
Sorry lad, not used to visitors.”  The faceless voice spoke in my head.
“And my name isn’t lad.  It’s Zeik, as in...” I never finished my sentence because the voice finished for me.
“Ezekiel Jeremiah Jones, born in 1992, parents Joseph and Magdalene Jones.  Your Father owned a major construction company, and was killed in a construction accident,  mother is a certified Public Accountant working in state government.  No siblings or living grandparents.  Your father was an orphan, as was your mother.  They met each other while staying at the same foster care home, where they fell in love, and went to the same college together.  Your father was ROTC and served in the reserve branch of the Army.  He volunteered for military action in the Middle East.  Since your father’s death, you have been in and out of trouble with the juvenile authorities and school.  You have a better than average intelligence yet lack ambition to use it.  Your grades are low due to an attendance problem and you are a loner by choice, having only passing friends, and companions which seem to come and go, in and out of your life.  You have no convictions or drive to stay with one thing long enough to complete it.  Your mother has essentially given up on you and given you free reign with your life.  Which up until now, you have demonstrated no reserve, or control on which direction you are taken this freedom with your life.”
“However, you have at times shown a unique aptitude to understanding people’s emotional needs and have been known to take on the role of big brother in helping others in need.  You have an insight to these needs that most professionals would envy.  You enjoy reading Sci-Fi and Fantasy, fishing, and camping.  You have a low-self-esteem of yourself that interferes with making lasting friendships and getting close to the opposite sex.  There is more if you like Zeik.”  The Librarian told me.
“That’s enough thank you, and who gave you permission to tap my brain for that information.”  I was angry and felt violated that this holograph was reading my mind without my permission.
“Please Zeik, do not get angry with me.  I was not reading your mind.  This information was extracted from the files found at your school and the juvenile courts.  After all this is the Library, and one of our functions is tapping into other computer networks.  I believe you call it hacking.  My humble apologies if I have distressed you unnecessarily.  My mentor would not appreciate it if I caused any ill harm to you Zeik, so please forgive me.”  The Librarian begged me.
“I don’t know, it’s rather rude to have someone reading your private files without permission.  There are laws against that you know.”  I tried to stress the last point with a sharp mental jab.
 You are right Zeik, but I am afraid that those laws do not apply here.  The Library is a depository of all informational data that is generated from technically advanced worlds.  Information from around the universe is gathered here and stored in the libraries memory banks.  On those worlds where technical advancements are below simple radio wave, drone satellites are deployed to monitor activities of note for the libraries achieves.  Those civilizations to far advanced, more subtle methods are used to gather information.  On these worlds, humanoid agents make weekly reports to off world monitoring stations.  The technologies behind the libraries computers and monitoring are older than the most advanced civilizations out there in space.  Unfortunately, the founders of the Library are long dead, along with its home world, and the civilization that evolved on it.  Your world has been the Libraries home base since its relocation some six thousand years ago.  Since its relocation to your world, the Library has been gathering knowledge and information from the mundane to the most highly technical, and social aspects of many worlds, past and present.”  The Librarian informed me.
I was stunned at the enormity of the Libraries purpose for existing and what it was doing. “You mean that you have been spying on us for thousands of years and not once has anyone discovered you were here?”  I asked with disbelief.
“Yes Zeik, we have.” Replied the Librarian.
“I can’t believe this .  Are you saying that our current technology has not detected you spying on us.  How can this be so?”  I demanded.
“Zeik, it is much easier with a technological advance world such as yours is at this point.  You see, Zeik, the libraries technology is much different than yours.  We have been able to monitor the smallest fragment of magnetic waves, microwaves, and radio waves which are lost in the very atmosphere as stray energy.  Very much like a particle of light, we draw this light from the air through filters, much like you would filter dust and contaminates out of the air.  We filter every known source of energy developed for communications.  You would be surprised how much is floating around in your atmosphere or leaking out into deep space.  The Library sorts and descrambles many of the communications signals that are being transmitted by air and wire.  In worlds that are underdeveloped technologically, we employ powerful unseen satellites above a planet.  These spies in the eyes have powerful sensors, telescopes, and devices to eavesdrop on primitive civilizations or worlds just evolving into inhabitable planets, much like we have done here on Earth before the first caveman evolved into a tool user.  We would watch a planet evolve and mature, classifying and cataloging each evolution both in nature and biological humanoid specimens.  When the planet begins the start of civilized organization of communities and forms of governments, we mapped each progress of these worlds until they advanced to a stage where they could technically discover our satellite.  These spies would be removed, and humanoid agents would be placed on the planet for one-on-one observations.  These agents would then make regular reports using communications technologies unknown to that world.  In time a world would be so advanced that these agents would be at risk of being discovered and the technology they held revealed.  Then we would withdraw these agents and watch from much farther distance, since that worlds technology would have advanced to off world “communications, it would be easier to monitor these communications from a distance.
“You would be surprised Zeik, how much garbage floats out there between the stars.  Now as for you world, we simply filter your atmosphere and get what we need and remain undedicated since our filtering technology has no energy transference or signal that can be detected by your present-day technology.  What with the growth of science as it is, it would be at least another thousand years of advancement before you would discover the Library spying on you and the universe.  As I said, the Library is the oldest known technology around and the Library is not in the business of freely loaning out its secrets, nor are we a hostile entity whose purpose is to conquer worlds for domination.  We collect information and observe worlds development as a means to protect worlds from those who do desire to conquer and dominate worlds.  Do you understand now our purpose Zeik?”  He asked.
I was skeptical at first in believing that the Libraries technology was untraceable.  “Surely you must have some kind of energy beam or antenna to pick up these light particles to decipher.  I would think that someone around here would be able to detect the interference it would cause, or even see the antenna from flying by over these cliffs.”  I ask the Librarian.
“No Zeik.  The very air you breath is our source of information.   It is collected as you collect your air to breath.  It passes through our collectors spread around the world, just like your lungs air passes through and knowledge is filtered and recorded here in this Library.  Except we do not put out a waste product such as your lungs do in the form of Carbon Dioxide.  What we filter is 100% used and nothing left over.” He explained to me.
“Now that I can’t believe.  If you are taking something out of our air and keeping it, I would think that we would miss it.” I challenged the Librarian.
“Well Yes Zeik, you are right you would miss it if you were able to detect what was there to begin with.  If you don’t know you have something that is yours in the first place, then you can’t miss it can you.”  The Librarian had me there.  But I still wasn’t satisfied that this whole operation was spy proof.  After all spies where always spying on the spies, weren’t they.  “Okay you may be right there, but what about our radar and spy satellites in space.  Wouldn’t they detect your installation here with their infrared, surely this place must give off a lot of heat, or whatever they use to discover mineral deposits in the earth.”  I was sure I had him now.
“No Zeik, the Library complex is shielded with unknown material that has a remarkable molecular makeup much like the common composition of your earth’s crust but resistant to decay by radioactivity.  In this particular area, the composition is that of sand, limestone, and igneous rock.  There are no vital minerals, precious metals, or unique properties that would stand out by an infrared scan, sonar reading, or technology you have.  Of course, if there was, what would be read on the scan, would be what the Library would want them to read.  Even a personal inspection of the area would show it was what it really is, a very boring common part of this worlds geology, in a very mundane and unpopulated area, that has never been known for mining possibilities.” The Librarian informed me.
“But surely, this alien metal would be discovered as unusual in having no decaying carbons as the surrounding geographic area does.”  I was going to find a weakness in the Libraries defenses if it took me all night.  Why I cared, I don’t know, but I was going to find out one way or another.
“Zeik, don’t think you can discover a weak point in the Libraries defenses.  The main complex is some 8 miles below the crust of the earth, made to blend in with the geological make up of igneous and metamorphic rock. Below the main complex down another 7 miles down is a secured vault under the strongest shield known in the Universe. We are close enough to the mantle to be affected by the MOHO,  magnetic waves that are at its greatest at this level of the Lithosphere.  These seismic waves create a disturbance that effectually distort most electronic readings from scanning the Libraries structure.  As this structure is a part of the local geology it would be near impossible to distinguish any shape or form that would tell a person that there is a very large complex down here.  All they would get would be a solid part of the crust, no hollows or cavities that might exist in other places.   Actually, this complex fills a natural cavity in the earth crust, and since we have been here long before any technological tool was discovered to know about this cavity existence, your world has no prior knowledge of this cavity.  So, it never existed and will always show as solid and natural to the crusts composition.”
“On the top of the surface where you found the entrance to the portal is ordinary sandstone and earth.  Any examination of the rock there would prove to be what it really is, and full of decaying carbons common to the type of rock and earth found in this area, or any other place in the world.  If my chance anyone was to get a sample of the Libraries structural material, which would be highly impossible, since no one gets down here without first being allowed.  There are no accidental discoveries nor are there witnesses alive to tell tales.”  
This last statement from the Librarian was very threatening in tone. I was beginning to get very nervous about now.  Up until I awoke from my fainting spell, I was not afraid of the Librarian.  Now I was.  “Does this mean I won’t be leaving this place alive?”  I had to be very stupid or very brave to ask this question.  I wasn’t sure I wanted to know the answer.
“Yes Zeik, I mean no.  You will be leaving alive when you are ready to leave, and we have concluded our business here.  I mean, that is you coming here is not an accident, I called you here.  Have you not wondered why, after several years of wondering the flatlands, why today you were able to find the gully and trail that led you to the cave entrance” The Librarian asked me something I hadn’t thought of, up until now.
“Well yes, I was kind of wondering why today was different then all the rest.  I remember the weird feelings I would get when I would take the center path to far past my usual turn off.  I would always turn around and go back, with this feeling that I shouldn’t go any further and there was danger ahead.”  A creeping feeling came over me suddenly as I remembered those other times I found myself turned away.
“You mean like that, the feeling you just had Zeik.”  The Librarian asked me.
“Yes, just like that.” I shuddered again.
“Zeik, that was me warning you away from the area as I have done to countless others who have sought to take the center path to far into my domain.  It is one of the defenses I use to keep unwanted guest away, as well as invite wanted guest to come and fine me.”  He explained.
“You mean I was invited?”  I couldn’t believe what I was saying.
“Yes Zeik, you were invited.  My first guest since this Library was relocated here and I was  left here to monitor its functions.  You see Zeik, I have chosen you, I need your help.” The Librarian pleaded.  I sat there on the edge of my cot, mentally with my mouth open.


Chapter Three
The Chosen


It took me a moment for it to sink through my thick head.  The Librarian was asking for my help.  I wasn’t sure I wanted to be chosen, and I told him so.  “Hey, why me, couldn’t you have found someone else.  Well, I mean, isn’t there someone else better and capable to help you then me. I am just a 15-year-old teen with a mess of emotional problems, even you said so.”  I kept trying to convince myself more then I was trying to convince the Librarian.  I wasn’t the right person for him, but the Librarian wouldn’t hear of it.
“Now Zeik, you give yourself very little credit, despite your youthful mis-adventures in life.  There is an inner strength in you that prevails above all else.  This strength is cast firmly in your personality and the way you perceive things.  Already you have demonstrated a strong will and ability of your brain’s capacity to communicate with me telepathically.  I don’t believe you have noticed the fact that we are talking to each other with ease and without any discomfort on your part.  Your thoughts are coming through very clear and I might say at a volume that’s not breaking glass.  In fact, you are the only one who has been able to respond to my gentle urges to go forward deeper into the flatlands.  All others have ignored my probing, or either they couldn’t because of the inability telepathically to respond.  These others have only been influenced by my warning signals that work on a more primitive part of the brain.    With you, I have reached a higher part of your brain, responsive to my telepathic probes.  I cannot wait for another, for there may not be time to find another candidate.  Face it Zeik, you’re it, the chosen one.”  The Librarian spoke with conviction, a conviction that was disturbing.
“I don’t want to be the chosen one, or whatever you need me for.  I want out of here now, you promised me.”  I got up from the cot to show I meant business.
“Okay Zeik, if that is what you want.  I will not stop you.”  The Librarian stated.
My head was only slightly throbbing, and my eyes were clear and focused.  I took two steps forward out of the alcove to test my legs and found that I could walk just fine.  I expected some resistance from the Librarian and found none.   Once back into the vaulted chamber full of computers, I looked around for the portal that I had come through.  I spotted the portal and started to head for it.  Suddenly my mind was invaded with thousands of tiny voices, each urging me to stay.  I stopped and shouted “Stop it.  Audio off” and to my surprise it worked.  Everything was quiet, very quiet.  It was unsettling at first, but I felt that if I didn’t leave now I would never get the chance to leave I still feared the Librarian would stop me.  I headed for the portal, quickly found the depression on the wall pressed my finger against it.  At first nothing happened.  My stomach dropped and fear began to take over, was I going to be allowed to leave.  Then the portal opened as if to answer my thoughts.  I jumped in and searched for a up button and as if to read my mind the elevator rose at a fast pace at the same speed it went down when I had first entered it.  I was traveling upward, I think, in what seemed forever the elevator stopped, and the portal opened, but not where I had first entered into it.
The room before me was very large with many doors I supposed led to other rooms in the vast complex of the Library.  Maybe one of these doors would lead me out of the Library back to the flatlands.  I cautiously stepped out of the elevator into the large room before me.  The portal quickly closed behind me.  I guess that solved that problem, no choice but to go forward.  The main room I had stepped into from the elevator was full of display cases of all sizes and shapes.  There was shelving surrounding the room, broken up only by the many doors in the walls around me.  I took a step forward and many lights came on around the room, eliminating the cases and shelves, showing me many artifacts that were on display in the room.  The nearest display case to me held some kind of seascape scene with a model of a boat, that is what resembled a boat.  It was the strangest watercraft I have ever seen.  I walked over to the case and took a closer look at the boat inside it.  The design of the boat was alien, yet familiar, much like the boats I have seen depicted in the fantasy books I read all the time.  Elfin came to mind.  I then noticed in the next case it held a castle made of crystal and quartz.  It was surrounded by a Blue lake and on one shore opposite the castle was a small village thriving with tiny people, going back and forth among the cottages, and meeting in the town square.  Every detail was exact and in miniature, perfect holograms of a village and its surrounding area.  From case to case, I was drawn to similar scenes that were on display.  My curiosity was getting the best of me.  At one case, there was a scene of a country fair in progress.  I took hold of the glass case to open it, only to find that my hands went through the glass and right into the center of the country fair.  The glass cases where holographs as well.  All around me were case after case of cities, worlds, and various scenes on display.  On the shelves were various tools, ancient and alien, some held weapons and armor.  I reached out to touch a strange weapon and was rewarded with a small tingle to my fingers.  A small voice warned me that to try again and I would be rewarded with a greater pain I just received.  For once I listened to those little voices that always warned you about such things.  I wasn’t sure if it was my natural instinct or one of those voices from the computer room.  I wasn’t going to test my theory.
I hadn’t forgotten the reason I was here.  I came to one of the doors, hoping it was a way out, maybe a stairway up to the surface.  I still wasn’t going to hang around here, even though the many artifacts and displays were fascinating.  I looked for a depression, a recessed button on the door jam, but unlike the portal, this door was normal.    It had a door knob, a good-o-down to earth door knob you could turn.  I hesitated at first to turn the knob, I feared there would be another electrical shock, then swallowed my fear and bravely turned the knob.  I realized I was being foolish when a satisfying click assured me that it wasn’t locked or barred to me.  To my disappointment it did not lead to a stairwell to take me up out of here.  Rather, it lead into another room with more display cases and shelving.    I was not interested in looking at more holographs, so I closed the door and went to another door.  Room after room was the same, full of achieves and artifacts from various worlds. 
 I finally came to the last door to be opened.  This door was far more ornate then the rest.  Strange words were inscribed above the mantle of the door.  Words I could not make any heads or tail of.  This did not stop me from entering the room behind it.  The door at first seemed stuck, unlike the others willing to open for me.  I put my full weight against the door to open it.  Slowly on rusted hinges it opened onto a room full of richly furnished chairs and couches.  A fireplace with a large mantle was centered in one wall to the left of the door, with furniture facing it.  On the opposite wall from the fireplace, was a four posted bed draped in rich blue velvet.  Throughout the room I noticed a mixture of alien artifacts, and those of my own world.  Huge red draperies on the left side of the bed I assumed covered a large floor to ceiling window.  Drawn by some need to look out to see the sun, I went to those drapes and tossed them aside to find myself looking out onto a balcony that opened onto the most panoramic vista you could ever imagine.  There were two suns hanging in the sky, one chasing the other, and a paler orb which could only be a moon waxed and weaned from a sea green to a pale blue.  The two suns, although not as bright as our Earths sun, stood over a landscape of ice capped mountains with foothills of golden forest, and green lush valleys speckled with lakes and lined with streams.  Here and there you could see a city or a small village off in the far horizon.  As I walked onto the balcony, I could see more of the immediate land below me.  The nearest field was of corn and next to that it was golden wheat, and a few crops I couldn’t identify.  
From my viewpoint on the balcony, I could see that I was in a small castle perched on a hill over-looking a small hamlet jutting out from the castle walls.  To the left of me I could see a road that lead from the castle off into the far distant horizon.  This road was lined with trimmed trees and an orchard of fruit trees as well.  To the right of me I faced a castle tower that blocked my view.  At the base of this tower, I say a moat of water gracefully running around the tower with its farthest bend disappearing to the other side of the tower.  From my perch on the balcony, I breathed in the pure air sweetened with the apple blossoms, and fresh baked bread from the hamlet’s bakery below me.  It would appear that this room looked out from the backside of the castle proper, giving a peaceful tranquil look at the fields below, rather than the castle commons and the inner courts.  I like this view and was enticed to stay, to take a long rest on the small sofa on the balcony and dream the days away.
“Damn you Librarian, this is not fair.  You promised I could leave.  Now let me leave!” I screamed at the Librarian.
“Yes Zeik, your right,” the Librarian’s voice spoke, “you may leave, but will you promise me something.”
“What!” I yelled at the Librarian.
“Please Zeik, promise me you will return, if only to talk to me, and learn more about why I need you.” The Librarian pleaded with me.
“Will I be able to leave again if I do?”  I questioned the Librarian.
“Yes, you can come and go anytime as long as you desire.  Just one thing you must remember.  You must never tell anyone what is here.  If you do you will never be allowed to enter again.”  The Librarian informed me.
“What’s stopping me once I leave here from bringing in the whole damn army.”  I challenged him.
“Nothing.”
“Awh.” I gasped.
“Well look at it this way Zeik, who goings to believe you when you arrive with this army of yours only to find nothing here.  No gully, no cave entrance, and no Librarian in his Library.  Remember Zeik, the inhibitors, the control I have over human minds.  They will be turned away believing you have played a hoax on them.  I will know you have told someone Zeik and will be prepared to disappear without a trace.  You are welcome to return Zeik as long as you keep it a secret.   I know you will do what is right.  I will be waiting for you.”  The Librarians voice was gone and so was the beautiful vista off the balcony.  Instead, I stood in a stairwell that lead me up to another floor where there was a portal open waiting for me.  This time I was taken all the way up and when the portal opened, I was back in the tunnel that led back to the waterfall and out of the cave behind it.  I came out unto the gully in full sunlight with the sun past its zenith.  I found the path that led me out of the gully and back on to the flatlands.  I took a moment to look back toward the sand cliffs.  From where I stood I could not see the gully, nor hear the mini waterfall that plunged gently into the pond below, but I could feel the presence of the Library and the Librarian.  A small voice said goodbye.
“Goodbye my lad, remember you were chosen.” Whispered the voice of the Librarian.
“My name is Zeik!” I shouted with my mouth.
“And my name is Cornelius, the last of the Librarians of Regal Nebula Minor.  I will be waiting for you Zeik.”  The Librarians voice faded from my mind.  I looked at the horizon to see the sun was still in the same position when I found the gully.  I still had time to get home and do my chores.  On my way back home, I reflected on what had transpired and realized that I had been talking to a holographic image of an old man named Cornelius, and the last of the Librarians of Regal-Nebula Minor.  I didn’t like the implications of being chosen and he being the last of the Librarians.  A slow creep crawled over my spine as I headed home.  I just didn’t like the thoughts that were settling down into the pit of my stomach.  The butterflies were jumping all over the place and all I wanted to do now was go home and let them quiet down a bit before I gave any more thought of returning to the Library.


Chapter Four
Decisions


I put the Librarian out of my mind as I made my way back home.  I was tired and wanted to go home.  I didn’t like the implications of being chosen and Cornelius being the last of the Librarians.  All I knew I wasn’t going back to the gully.  I  decided that the river was off limits for the rest of my life.  I will just find something else to keep me busy.  Mother has been harping on me to do the yard work during my spring break and to catch up on my studies as well.  My grades of late have been lousy.  All I need to do is concentrate on my classes and working around the house and any thoughts of Cornelius the Librarian will be forgotten, history, never happened.  I spent the rest of my afternoon mowing the lawn, weeding the flower beds, and taking care of the trash for pick up.  The time went by fast and before I knew it the sun was making its way down for the night.  I put my tools away and came into the house thinking about the extra assignment given over Spring break by my English teacher.  I was to write about any adventures I had during Spring break.  I couldn’t think of what to write about.  It was only the first day of Spring break.  Plenty of time to have an adventure to write about.  Of course, I could write a journal of what happens day to day during break.  But want happened today, my mind went blank, total wipe out.  I know I went down to the river to check my dipping poles and stand for the dip season.  Everything was fine I guess , nothing seemed to register as being important or different than any other time I would go down to the river.  
I sat down at the kitchen table with pen and paper in my hands, ready to write some clever grouping of words to express my first day of Spring break.  All I could put down was, “My first day of Spring break was uneventful.  I did go down to the river to check my dip stand to get it ready for the netting season coming up.  Everything was okay.   Most of the day I sat on the river bank daydreaming and watching clouds form in the bright blue sky.  Time went by fast, and before I knew it, it was time to go home.  I did some yard work, took care of the trash, and now I find myself at the kitchen table writing this journal.  That was the end of my first day.”  I put my journal away,   Mother just came in from work.  I could hear her walking through the front hallway toward the Den where she had her home office.  Of late she has been spending a lot of time there.  I guess she has been bringing home, work from the office.  Often she would be up late missing another meal.  If I hadn’t brought in a tray for her, I am sure she would waste a way before my eyes.  We have not been getting along lately.  Rather than argue over and over again, we both silently agreed to avoid each other so as not to be reminded of my short comings.  I knew I wasn’t the easiest kid to raise, nor the most cooperative as most kids were.  Mother just one day gave up on me, and since then has isolated herself from contact with me by keeping busy with her work and bringing it home more often than naught.  I was kind of getting used to it, at least I wasn’t spending my free time debating with her why my grades were failing, or where I spent my free time.
But today it all seemed different for some reason.  Today I started to care about the distance that we had put between us.  It suddenly mattered that as mother and son we were strangers to each other.  It mattered that I wasn’t the son she expected me to be.  Was it her fault that my father, her husband was killed in a construction accident. that was neither of our fault for it happening.  It all came clear to me, my mother was just as affected by his death as I was.  Only unlike my open rebellion, she was keeping it all caged inside of her, just waiting for her imprisonment to kill her.  I was only making matter’s worse for her.  At first she fought tooth and nail with me to see that I straightened out and got the best out of life.  I wanted no part of a life that would take away a boy’s father, and make his mother cry night after night, and when she stopped crying, she stopped talking to me.  At first she tried to knock some sense into me about my attitude in school and with her.  In time that even stopped, and she locked herself away with her work.
I hadn’t realized it, but as I thought things out, I was busy with fixing a meal for her.  In between the tears that would trickle down my cheeks.  I put together a decent meal of her favorite foods, some of which were mine as well.  In no time at all I had a tray for two fixed and ready to go.  Steeling myself to an iron reserve to face a difficult moment, I prepared my thoughts and headed for the den.  I hesitated at the door for a moment, listening to any sound of activity within.  I could barely hear the tip tap of her fingers on the computer keyboard.  With resolve I tapped on the door, while balancing the tray in one arm.  “Mother can I come in please,” I was surprised at how sincere my voice sounded.  The tip tap stopped, and an awkward silence interrupted the space between us and the door.  I heard the shuffle of her chair and muffled footsteps on the carpet as she approached the door.  I stood there with my food tray as a peace offering between us.  It seemed like a long time before the door opened, and when it did, the door slowly swung inward as if suspended in molasses.  She stood there still dressed in the gray three-piece business suit she had worn to work that day.  Her hair was unpinned and hung at her shoulders in loose swirls and waves of curls of an ash blond color mixed with some gray hair.  I had never noticed the gray before.  I was shocked to realize just how tired and worn she looked.  There were worry lines around her blue eyes, crow feet they call them I guess, and her shoulder’s seemed to slump as if carrying a big weight on them.  Suddenly, I wasn’t sure if this was my mother, or some clone replaced in the night for the real Magdalene Jones.  When she spoke, I was reassured that she was really my mother.
“Why Zeik, I didn’t know you were home.  I would have thought you were out with your chumps celebrating Spring break.”  The sarcasm in her voice pieced my heart to the quick.  But I wasn’t going to be baited into another argument about my choice of friends.  I was on a peace keeping mission and it was important to me.
“No Mother, I spent the day alone, please may I come in?  This tray is getting a bit heavy standing here, I need to sit it down before I drop it.”
“Here I’ll take it.”  She offered.
“No!  That’s alright, I believe I can handle it for a few more seconds.”  I was not about to readily give up my passport into her sanctuary.  “Just tell me where you want it.”  She let me pass and pointed over to a small table near the west window.  I noticed that the sun was setting,  and the color of the western sky was magnificent in its pinks, orange, and blue.   Mother had followed close behind me, quietly, and sullen.  She took an empty chair from a corner and placed it at the table with its companion.  I had to clear a few books of the companion seat before I could sit down at the table.  The food stood their steaming between us.  I could see in her eyes some deep need to understand this sudden invasion of her domain.   I had to break the ice between us, and a like a fool, I put my foot in mouth when I spoke.
“Isn’t the sunset wonderful mother.  Just like the last time father took us to the beach.”  I swallowed a large lump in my throat when I realized I said the very thing I least wanted to say at this time.   I wasn’t sure how mother would react and like the past she would shut me out when I spoke of father.  This time she surprised me.
“I had forgotten just how beautiful they were.”  You could feel the tears in her voice.  “You know Zeik, your father loved the sunset more than any man ought to.  I was always surprised at the depth of this emotions in describing the many sunsets he had seen in his travels abroad.  I envied his sunsets without me.”  She started to cry in earnest, the flood gates opening with full force, shaking her whole body with violent tremors.  I reached out to her with my extended arms to find her hand meeting mine.  We pulled each other together in our emotions for the first time since Dad died.   We forgot the food and embraced soaking our shoulders with each other’s tears.  As we sat there, we looked out unto the sunset remembering our lose all over again, reliving our grief and anguish.  When the tears dried up, we started talking and eating our cold meal.  At first we shared little tidbits about our day and then moved on to more serious matters that concerned us both.  It seemed as if a great weight had been lifted between us and tossed aside.  For the first time in a long time, we spoke to each other freely without a chip on my shoulder or anger in her voice.
“Mother, I know I have not been the perfect son, what with my grades and the choice of friends of late.”  Mother wanted to interrupt me, but I waved her to silence.  “Please Mother, I need to talk first.  I have been doing some thinking today.   I went down to the river this morning to check on my dip poles, and found myself just soaking in the sun, and thinking about how badly I have been acting lately.  I came home to find an empty house, empty of any feelings or joy that once was here.  On the kitchen table I found the assignment my English teacher gave the class to do over Spring break.  When I thought  about what I had done on my first day of Spring break, I couldn’t find any words to describe my day.  Or rather, I couldn’t find anything important to say about my day.”  
“For the first time I realized just how shallow my life has been and what a waste I was to myself.  I didn’t like what I had become and what my attitude was doing to you.  When you came in and went directly to your den to work without noticing me or even knowing I was home.  I felt very lonely.  I couldn’t understand what went wrong between us.  Then it suddenly dawned on me.  We simply gave up on each other.  I gave up on myself, and in return you gave up on me and buried yourself in your work.  It was no longer Dad’s death that separated us, but our failure to get on with our lives and make the best of it.  I was a total washout, and you couldn’t handle the responsibility of my failure to cope with Dad’s death.  Well, that’s going to change Mother.  Today I have come to the conclusion that it’s time for me to put aside my grief and make the best of it.  I know it won’t be easy, but I’m going to try harder in school and listen more to what you are telling me.  I realize that some of my choices of friends have not been the best for me, and a bad influence on me as well.  I guess I only ran around with them to spite you.   I’m sorry mother.  It’s time for me to put aside my poor attitude and find better friends to hang out with.”  All at once I had found myself talking a mile a minute.  I had to let myself catch a breath.
“Whoa Son, let’s take one thing at a time.  First, mother’s will always find something wrong with their child’s choice of friends.  It’s our nature to care about what other’s may do or lead our children to harm that drives us to want to pick their friends.  Even when we know we are wrong in complaining.  Well, once in a while we are right and know what’s best for you Zeik, and it has not been easy for you Zeik, having a mother all wrapped up in her own personal hell and grief.  For that I am sorry for giving up on this family.  I have buried myself in my work to forget your father died and most of all, I think I was blaming your father for the way you were turning out.  When in fact I now know it wasn’t his fault for our mistakes between us.  I think we need to both realize that his death wasn’t our fault, nor his.    Death is a fact of life and there is nothing we can do to bring him back or change the fact that he is no longer with us to watch the sunsets we once enjoyed as a family.  I have just come to realize, righty this moment, that we are still a family, even without him.  What we can do is honor his death by living our life with plenty of sunsets in his memory.  Let us begin to be a family again without the yelling or shutting each other out of our lives.”  We embraced again, more tears and apologies between us.  We pulled apart to look at each other, as if we had been separated more by miles then just a few rooms between us.  Mother was the first to break the silence between us.
“Zeik, what, would you say to if we were to go and find our own sunsets and make some memories of our own that would make your Father proud of us.”  Her voice, was full of hope and you could see a sparkle of life growing in her eyes, eyes that were earlier full of dark deep despair when I brought the meal in. 
I too was filled with a growing ember of hope and it showed in my voice.  “Mother, do you really mean it.”
“Yes, I do son.  What do you say I take the rest of the week of from work and we go off on our own little Spring break.  Anywhere you want, and as long as there is a sunset to be seen, and we forget the pain between us.”  Her voice was light filled with hope.
“Yes Mother, let’s go tonight.”  I jumped up from the table.
“Well not so fast Ezekiel Jeremiah Jones, first I need to make arrangements with the office for some time off.  Then we need to decide where to go, make travel arrangements, and pack our bags, and...”  I interrupted her with a big hug and a kissed on her cheeks.  She returned it with as much love as we could both handle at the time.  We spent most of the night deciding on where to go, making phone calls, reservations, and packing our bags.  The next morning, we started the first day of the rest of our lives, driving toward the next sunset down the road.  I took my English assignment with me.  I knew I was going to have a full journal to bring back to class.  A journal full of beautiful sunsets.  


Chapter Five
Haunting’s


There are no guarantees in this world that can cover you  for the poor weather.  We left on our spur of the moment odyssey for beautiful sunsets with clouds so onymous and dark it at first put us in an ever-darker mood.  We were looking for a horizon that was filled with sunshine and new beginnings, with hopes of renewal of a relationship between Mother and Son.  We drove for hours toward a predestination of sunny sandy beaches, warm surfs, and blue waters full of moonlit reflection dreams are made of.  Only to find our end of the rainbow stuck in a cold drizzle of sleet and snow.  In our haste to find meaning to our life’s struggle, we failed to check the weather report giving warning of a freak cold front entering the area, bringing cold rains and the possibility of late spring snow, unheard of in this area in years. 
All in all, our brief week together was not a dismal failure.  Through we were confined most of the time to the four walls of our hotel room, we managed to take in some indoor events that were being offered to tourist at our lakeside resort.  When these became boring, we ventured out on our own, daring the elements, to find our sunsets.  As if sensing our great need to find these sunsets, a break in the weather, provided us with two nights of waning light with the two of us huddled under a warm blanket in front of a beach fire, silently recording the optic memories of a setting orb of fire red in a pink and orange and purple sky; with the cystine blue water reflecting back the image in a gentle ripple lapping at our feet.  
We spoke, we talked about our future, my future and I learned about my mother’s dreams for me and herself.  The sunsets were beautiful that I didn’t have the heart to argue with her when she talked about my future.  I sensed my mother’s mood also would have been less resistant to debate, but I did not take advantage of it.  I knew that there was time ahead of us to discuss my future.  For now, it was alright to just speak of things to come and dream for the moment, rather than reach for far flung stars in the wide galaxy.
Hours after the fire had burned down to cold embers, we started to feel the cold air nipping at our feet.  We return to our hotel for a late dinner and discussed tomorrows agenda.  Having feasted on natures delight and delicious double cheese burger, we  retire to our rooms bone weary, and ready to for bed.  I left my mother at the door of her room with a kiss on my cheek to speed me quick to my bed. Reminding me just how much she truly loved me; my face red with embarrassment, but secretly soaring with deep emotions of just how much I loved her.  I returned the kiss and jogged back to my room.  Once secured in my room I sat  at the desk and got out my English assignment and journaled the day’s events.  I was finding it surprisingly easy to write down the emotions of my thoughts and give depths to the way I would describe my surroundings and the feelings that swelled up in me.  Already I had two sunsets recorded, a day at the Marine   museum, and a very interesting side trip to an out of the way restaurant where we found the best seafood platter around.
This would me my official journal for turning into class.  Unofficially I was recording my personal thoughts and emotions that were regrowing between me and my mother.  Day by day we were taking new steps toward a better understanding of each other’s needs and emotions.  I was learning more about my mother’s needs to come to grips with her husband’s death, and the sudden responsibility of raising a son on her own.  I was seeing a different role that I must play in making this easier for her.  Rather than continue with the bad attitude and flunky teenager that I was.  I needed to take on more responsibilities of my own in changing these attitudes about myself and others.    Already I saw school in a different light.  It really wasn’t all that bad if I would give it half a chance.  After all I did have the smarts for better grades, just needed to attend class more often and apply myself.  No problems there.  As for the crowd I ran around with mother and I both agreed that there were better peer models for me to chum with.  I was kind of getting tired of the same old routine each Saturday night of hanging out at the Billiard hall and hassling the younger punks from taking our time at the tables.  
As for my time on the river fishing, I still felt that this was a quality time for me to think and relieve some stress.  Mother could not find any fault in this.  She that she needed to find a little time to herself and a way to shed some worry lines of her own.  I suggested that she find a hobby she would like and pursue it to the fullest.  We talked about many areas of interest, past, and present that she could renew.  That was when I found out that she was involved in college theater and had at one time considered it her major.  I encouraged her to look in to a local community theater group.  Of course, the issue of her work popped up and how she really didn’t have the time for hobbies.  I told her and reminder her, that she was the boss of her own department, and had plenty of people under her to take on the work load so as to allow her more time to herself.  She agreed and was resolved to do just that.
Page after page my personal journal grew, while my English assignment seemed puny next to it.  Yet with the latter, I felt that I was fulfilling the requirement of recording my Spring break.  In fact, after reviewing a few pages, I was pleased to discover some very flowery prose and narratives of my Spring break and the time spent with my mother.  Why I was surprised had yet to dawn on me.  But soon a vague haunting of the reason would invade my sleep.  It was that fourth night at the resort that I started having disturbing dreams.  I would call them nightmares, but they appeared more like dreams of fantasy then hellish scene’s associated with nightmares.  There was this old man, who wasn’t quite there in the flesh, and his head would often float in mid-air, while his body would appear and disappear at whim.  If it wasn’t for the fact that this face shown kindness and great wisdom, a golden sheen of light encompassing his person like an aura around the sun.  I would believe it was a nightmare I was having.  When he spoke in the dream, his lips wouldn’t move, but you could hear his thoughts in your mind.  This was most disturbing to me, but seemed normal for him, and I was not surprised by it.   Only a few words were said, and they repeated often.  “Zeik, remember, you were chosen, remember, you were chosen.”  And then I would hear off in the distances thousands of little mechanical voices in harmony echoing the same phrases of words in my dream.
I  would find myself in my sleep telling these voices to shut up and leave me alone.  They would end and my dreams would drift off into wandering surreal beautiful landscapes,  as only you could find in a fantasy world portrayed by the best Sci-Fi Fantasy writers in the world.  I found myself lingering in these countryside’s and exploring the many mysteries they offered.  I always found myself returning to the hilltop castle to be greeted by the bodyless head of a man who insisted he was my tutor, and I was chosen.  I found myself running from this gentle specter and shouting that I was not chosen, I was not chosen.  Why me!  I awoke the next morning with a vague memory of the dream that previous night.  I dismissed it to my over reactive mind and  to me reading comic books and watching Star Trek on TV.  For the first time the sun was shining on a promise of a warm day without clouds and cold rains that would turn into snow flurries.  As I looked out onto the sunrise over the horizon, I thought I saw a glimpse of one of those fantasy landscapes I dreamed about.  Only to blink and see it vaporize in the morning mist.  A knock at the door woke me from my revere.  I knew it had to me mother.  “Just a moment Mother.”  I slipped my jeans on and went to open the door to greet Mother.  “Hi mom, I guess I overslept this morning.”
“Slept in, heck, you must have been out cold.  I’ve been knocking for several minutes.  You are missing a wonderful sunrise son.  Take a look.”  She directed me to the balcony.
“I was looking, I guess I was so wrapped up in the sight that I didn’t hear you knocking.”  I let mother in and we both went to the balcony to watch the rest of the sun raise over the horizon.  I squinted my eyes hoping to catch another glimpse of that world from my dreams in the sun’s rays.  I found only my mother staring at me.  “What’s wrong mom?”
“Oh, nothing son.  For a moment there you reminded me of your father and the way he would look at the sunrise as if he were looking for something just out of his reach.  I would ask him what he saw, and he would say, “Just washing my dreams off in the dust of the sun’s rays”, and I would tell him he was wasting time on fairytales when he had me in the real world.  Did you know you and he shared the same interest in reading fantasy novels and the like?”
“No, I didn’t mom.” I told her.
“Well, he even thought of writing Fantasy, but his tour of duty always seemed to take too much of his time for writing.” Mother told me.
“I guess Dad took his military duties seriously.” I stated.
“Yes, he did son.  Your Father was very proud of his country and wanted to serve his country in the best way he could.  I never faulted him for his pride and courage.  I was proud of him and the way he looked in his uniform.  He was a very handsome man in uniform.  We went to the same college and one day, there he was in his ROTC greens, waiting in line at the cafeteria standing practically at attention.  I came up to him and rather briskly commanded, ‘at east soldier’, and he suddenly slumped his shoulders and relaxed before he realized it wasn’t his commanding officer behind him.  He turned around and gave me a glare that would melt ice.  I told him if he continued to glare at me that way he would haft to marry me.  To my surprised he accepted.”  She told me.
“Mother you mean you proposed to him?” I asked her.
“Yes, I guess I did, but later he asked me properly with one of our sunsets before us, on his knees in the sand and stuttering every word.  I couldn’t help myself from laughing, but I did, and he made a proper job of it.”  She stood there admiring the Sunrise.
“Gee Mom, I never realized just how much the sunsets meant to you and Dad.”
“They mean even more to me now son that we are sharing them together, and look, we now have a sunrise to share, now isn’t that a great bargain.” She laughed.
“Yes Mother, they are.”  We hugged each other and I begged her to give me a few minutes to shower and dress and I would meet her for breakfast in the café across the street.  The rest of the day was just right for the both of us.  With the warmth of the sun, mother blossomed and shined with renewed vitality in her posture and face.  Those worry lines on her face I saw earlier in the week were gone, replaced with a radiance that spoke of determination to get on with her life.  After all she was still a young women, well, let us say still young enough to still find new sunsets and sunrises in her life.  There was still a beauty about her that could still command men to stand at ease.  I was beginning to wonder if she could ever find happiness in another man.  Not that I was ready for another man to replace father, yet something within me said that it would be okay for her if she did.  I thought of mentioning this possibility to her, but I felt it best to wait on this revelation until a later time, match later time.  Maybe when I was out of school and on my own.  Then she would be free to choose without me being a barrier to that choice.  I think any man would be lucky to have my mother for a wife.  Heck wasn’t I lucky to have her for a Mother.
The rest of our week went by quickly and soon we were heading back home.  On the long ride back, we talked about what we both were going to do in the coming weeks.  I made a promise to improve my grades in school and my attendance.  Mother promised to take more time from work and relax, rather than bring home her work each evening.  The rest we would take one day at a time.  In the car I finished my English paper and realized that I was going to surprise my teacher with a paper, when most likely she was expecting none.  There were many surprises to come in my life and the choices I was to make.  A little voice in my head kept haunting me, saying to remember that I was chosen and that I would return.  Return to what I kept forgetting.


Chapter Six
They are Coming.


“Cornelius,” when an answer didn’t come, the tiny voices raised their volume and spoke up, “Cornelius, sir, please are you listening, we need to speak with you.  It’s very urgent we have your attention.”  All the voices pleaded together in trying desperately to get the Librarians attention.  Of late it was getting increasingly harder for them to get a response from the man, ever since Zeik left the Library.  A week went by and reports went unattended or forgotten.  The data was backing up in the secondary storage banks and needed to be released and transferred to the Main Database, then to the Master Database, memory banks for long term storage.  Only the Librarian had the authority to release these files for long term storage and he was busy elsewhere in the system, where the secondary data knew not.  Soon, if they did not transfer their data they would be forced to dump it and free the memory banks for new information coming in.  They would regret the loss of this data and knew it could never be replaced.  Most urgently was the Red Code data coming in from the Alliance through Neptune relays being routed down from Jupiter’s moon Calisto and then Saturn’s moon Titan right on through to Earth’s moon then to the Library.  This data would be lost if the right commands were not given by the Librarian for secondary data to download into the Main Database memory banks then eventually to the Master Database.  The Red Code Data information was vital to the libraries security and if lost in the auto dump along with the other neglected records, it would take years for backup relay to repeat the transmission from the Alliance.  
Hours passed into days and the voices went unheeded.  If mechanical voices could get hoarse, they would have lost their voices a week ago.  Cornelius just wasn’t listening to the little voices around him.  He was aware of them as a person who is aware of the sounds of nature around him, the birds chirping in the trees, the Squirrel chattering at the bird, the wind rustling through the leaves, and the children playing in the park.  Like all these sounds around you, Cornelius sub-conscious mind ignored them as his attention was focused on one thing, and one thing only, Zeik.  Cornelius had not expected Zeik to travel outside of the Libraries immediate area and the scanners he had trained on the boys brain waves.  Cornelius had in vain for days stretched these scanner’s range and resources, adjusting the electronic capabilities until he found Zeik’s brain waves so he could pick up Zeik’s thoughts.  All else around him was forgotten or ignored during his search for Zeik.  He just couldn’t waste valuable energies to tend to daily routines.  Zeik’s tutoring was important, and Cornelius just hadn’t figured Zeik leaving the geographical range of this local scanners.  
Cornelius was just about ready to give up when atmospheric conditions improved in the Southern quadrant he was scanning.  It was a weak signal, but certainly Zeik’s brain waves.  A brief cursory scan of Zeik’s sub-conscious confirmed Cornelius suspicion as to why Zeik’s was out of town, and that Zeik would be returning soon.  Despite the delay in starting Zeik’s training.  Cornelius resumed his plans in molding Zeik’s future.  Gently Cornelius added some reality to Zeik’s dreams, reinforcing the existence of far-off worlds and fantastic landscapes, while superimposing his own image in the background with a mental message, “Remember you have been chosen,” and repeating it over and over again.  As long as Zeik remained in range of his scanner, Cornelius could influence the boys thoughts in his dreams.  In the state of sleep only made it easier for Cornelius to probe deeper and deeper into the sub-conscious with hidden messages and instructions.  
Cornelius tapped into Zeik’s sub-conscious desire to please his mother and due better in school.  A push their and a hint here, and Zeik was getting an attitude adjustment in how he was thinking about himself, and Zeik would not be the wiser about it.   Cornelius saw it as a more direct means to adapting Zeik’s pattern of thinking and motivation to change.  It was faster and more reliable then leaving such changes up to his school environment and influences of professionals.  Time was running out for Cornelius.  Time was running out for humanity. It was the silence around Cornelius that diverted him from his focus on Zeik, or rather the lack of the usual sounds the Library generated.  All the little voices that were mentally shut out from Cornelius’s thoughts were suddenly silent, dead silent.  Suddenly Cornelius switched off his contact with Zeik and turned his scanners to closer at home to the thousands of voices that made up his secondary data banks.  Where he expected busy chatter and data gathering data, he found silence, except for one weak voice calling “Cornelius, we need to transfer data to the Main Database memory storage.  We also have  Red Code Data alert, we have a Red Code Data alert. we cannot accept transmission of data, secondary data storage is full at this time.  Cornelius, we need you to transfer data to the Main Database memory storage, alert....”  Cornelius acted spontaneously to the urgent command to transfer data to the Main Database.  It took only a millisecond to dumping the information and rebooting the program on the secondary drive.  One by one the little voices returned thanking Cornelius and admonishing him at the same time, while they all in the end voiced their concern over his absence.
Cornelius thanked them for their concern and promised to be more alert and not distracted.  The voices agreed together that Zeik was a very important distraction, and maybe, they need to readjust their input protocols to allow Cornelius time away from this duties.  They asked Cornelius to reset the transfer protocols to allow an automatic overflow procedure that would dump the secondary data into the Main Database memory banks and that into the Master Database in the Vaults, without the Librarians permission.  Cornelius agreed that it would be best and assured them that he would pay closer attention to their needs in the future.  They all muttered agreement and went back to their primary job of collecting data from the relays throughout the Universe while they adjusted their protocols.  Except for one voice, who spoke up in urgent need to be heard.  “Cornelius, the Red Code Data.”
“Yes, I haven’t forgotten.  Please play the data so that we can all hear what it tells us.  I’m afraid it isn’t going to be good news.  Not very good news at all.”  The data opened and a picture of the Alliance council room appeared on the big screen.  One Alliance member stood and spoke, His Excellence Rowloon Bygone, head of the Alliance council of Worlds, and non-member worlds.  
“This message is for the Librarian, Cornelius of Regal Nebula Minor, present guardian of the knowledge, wisdom and hope of the Universe.  I must give you warning that we have discovered an opening in the Rift of Time, and the Foe as escaped and is heading into your part of the universe with all speed.  I only hope that this Red Code Data will get to you in time.  This Red Code Data is issued on this star date 20987, your Earth time 1200 AD which should arrive at the library by 2007 early in earths Spring season..  I am sorry  that it will take 800 years to arrive.  Estimated arrival of Foe in your immediate Solar System unknown as the Foe is weak and unpredictable.  Arrival time in the Milky Way will depend on the Foe’s resources left to during its escape from the Rift of Time.  Estimated reduction of energy time of escape was 45% and expected to rise to 65% during its long journey to the Milky Way..  The current 45% of energy is still considered a high risk and must be dealt with.  Its millenniums in the Rift of Time’s containment barrier has kept it dormant much of that time.  Once outside it can feed and grow to its pre-containment levels of 85 % or greater in the next 1000 earth years. .  The time frame is unpredictable at this time as to when the Foe will even approach Earth or reach better feeding grounds.  The Milky Way is young compared to other areas of the Universe  It has less living worlds for the Foe to feed on.  Our analysis suggest it is unaware of  the Library, but we are sure as to why the Foe is heading your way.  Earth Solar System has a bright star, a beacon that is drawing it to that star.  Earth is in its path.” 
“We regret this Red Code Data went by normal route.  We feared to use a more rapid means to alert you and possibly also alert the Foe of your presence on Earth.  The energy required for a light of speed transmission would have been like an arrow pointing directly to Earth. Please adjust your scanners and relays to monitor the Foe approach into your star system as soon as you receive this Red Code Data even if it gives you very little time.  An Emissary from the Alliance left your Earth time 1198 AD before we issued a Code Red.  It is our hope that the Foe’s reduced numbers in energy will slow it down until it feeds and goes into one of its long-protracted stupors.  If it follows historical patterns, it must feed to rebuild its capacity to travel faster. This will give us time to come up a way to either drive the Foe back into another Rift of Time, or finally find a way to destroy it once and for all.  After this message is received, destroy all moon relays in your system leading to Earth and from the source of this message within your solar system.  Your presence must not be detected from the Foe when it enters the Milky Way”.
“You do understand the worst-case scenario is that you move the Library off the planet before the Foe can destroy that solar system. Don’t reveal yourself directly to Earth populace Cornelius unless it is to our mutual advantage in driving back the Foe toward our part of the Universe where we can hope to imprison it again in a Time Rift.  Otherwise, you must remain neutral and safe from exposing the Library.  Indirect influences may be necessary, but do not push up the time frame for Earths nomination to the Alliance unless it is absolutely necessary.  Yes, Cornelius, the Foe may make it necessary to bring them into the Alliance.  I know it would be difficult to do so without the planned emissary fleet from the Alliance to reveal our existence to them.   You may well have a hard time in convincing Earth governments of the Foe’s existence.  We understand we must leave this judgement up to you on how you act in assuring Earth survival and the Library’s survival.”  
“I know your job description doesn’t make you a politician, only a conservator of knowledge.  I regret that your presence on Earth makes you our ambassador at large in that galaxy, and that we know you are near the time for your tenure to end and find a replacement.  I hope that this news doesn’t come at a time that interrupts your time frame for finding a local replacement.  The Emissary we have sent out will act as that representative to screen your applicant.  He is on his way and should shortly arrive after you receive this Code Red Data.  Remember the covenant the Alliance has entered into.  Our emissary will certainly challenge your choice but will not have authority to reject the candidate.  He is unaware of the recent events discussed in this data relay, which should hold him to adhering to the covenant between us and the Library.  We all have trust in how you decide to handle the situation.  End of Data stream, the Alliance council, Rowloon Bygoon your old friend and supporter.”
Once again there was silence among the secondary data banks.  This news was disturbing if not unexpected.  They all knew that the Foe would one day escape the Rift of Time where it was  imprisoned by the Alliance who hoped that it would be far in the future beyond even their usual life span before the Foe were able to escape back into normal flow of time.  The Rift of Time was unpredictable as to when and where it would allow the Foe to escape.  The Alliance was hopeful that it would be long after all inhabited worlds in the Universe were members of the Alliance, each advanced in their own level of science and technology which would allow them entrance into the Alliance.  Earth wasn’t due for acceptance into the Alliance until at least another 800 years from Earth’s current time, even then it would be a probationary membership.  
Now there was too little time left to push the time frame up a few centuries or more.   Earth would be helpless against the Foe if they were not capable and ready to defend themselves.  The Foe fed on worlds life forces.  The Alliance world senior member worlds Telepathic rating was 12 or higher, while its technical level was 100,000 years beyond Earths technology.  While Earths present Telepathic level was barely a 2 and its technology still consider barbaric when compared to other worlds. .  To enter the Alliance as a probationer world, it must have at least a 5  or better and reach beyond its own star system in space travel.  Earth was not ready for induction into the Alliance.  Meanwhile, the Alliance would continue in finding a more permanent solution to dealing with the Foe.  Time has ran out for the Alliance.  Their only hope would be found in how much Cornelius could delay the Foe in its feeding frenzy.
One by one the secondary data banks resumed their work, filling the empty storage banks with new data coming in around the universe.  Cornelius was silent only briefly before he barked out new orders to have the monitoring stations based on the many moons in the Earth Solar System to self-destruct.  One by one self-destruct timers clicked down to zero and the monitors on Earth’s moon, Jupiter’s moon Calisto and Saturn’s moon Titan and Neptune itself went silent. No explosions, just a shutdown of their electronics. For the first time Cornelius felt alone and isolated from his kind.  The image of the Librarian dimmed and slowly faded into nothing.  Physically Cornelius was deep in the lowest levels of the Library, where his body was still in a suspended state held in a stasis field going through a revival procedure that was nearing its completion.  Only his mental capacity and corporal body ever left the room to do his duties around the Library.  Now it was time for him to withdraw himself back into his body where he would finally wake up from his long sleep of renewal to his aging body. The Library was relocated on earth in 350 AD. In what is now known as the United States in the Northern American continent.   Twelve hundred years after the Library was established on Earth,  Cornelius allowed his physical body to enter into a stasis field which would allow his body to restore itself and sleep for another 457 years into the future of Earths time to be awaken when he would take his final duty to find a replacement to take over the Library as its Librarian. That was back in 1550 AD  During these long centuries sleeping, his mental and corporal form still maintained a hologram presence in the Library.  Now his true body would replace the hologram and he would once again physically walk the corridors of the Library.
Cornelius slowly moved one limb then the other, shaking each until circulation was restored and each limbs flesh regained a healthy rosy pink.  Then he adjusted the stasis pod to tilt up allowing his body to stand where his blood rushed to his feet creating thousands of needle like pin prinks to emerge and then fade away after centuries of laying prone in the stasis pod.  Then the stasis pod released the restraining field around his body, where he was able to weakly step out of the pod to stand without the restraining field that held his body in place in the pod.  Taking baby steps, then larger steps, he walked around the pod with one hand on the pod supporting his body.  The Stasis pod through electrodes and electric impulses stimulated the muscles during the long sleep immobile in the pod.  Without such treatment, the muscles would permanently lose their abilities to function and the sleeper eventually dies as its muscles failed to function, the heart being the most important muscle.  Though the Stasis pod would slow down all bodily functions, the heart was primary in allowing blood flow to circulate through the body to keep tissue and muscle alive.  
Cornelius walked stiffly around the room working the kinks out and restoring a normal heart rate.  Soon the body would adjust to its normal function without the Stasis pod and the many nutrient that were fed the body along with the electric impulses to stimulate muscle and nerves.  Cornelius’s stomach growled, a good sign that his body was back to its usual function.  With caution, Cornelius sought some food, his first real meal since he entered the Stasis pod.  As Cornelius sat in the rarely used kitchen of the Library, he reflected on what he would have to do to prepare the Library for the days to come, which would certainly lead into many years until the Foe even reached Earth.  Only careful preparation and planning would save Earth, and Cornelius would need Zeik’s help, whether or not Zeik agreed.


Chapter Seven
Zeik’ s Return


The rest of the school year went by fast for me.  One thing led to another since I returned from Spring break.  My English paper earned me a “A” grade and from there everything was uphill, much to the surprise of all my teachers, and to the dismay of my friends.    I was suddenly a serious student and didn’t have time for the usual hijinks I was known for.  My usual crowd of cronies deserted me after making it very clear to me that there was no room for an egg head in their group.  You lose some you win some, and I made new friends whom my mother had no objections too.  In no time at all I was a proper student for all the right reasons.  My teachers were amazed on how I had started to apply myself and between them, they puzzled over what really happened over Spring break.  My grades made their steady climb up and when the school year ended, I passed with reasonable grades, with expectations that next year I could make the honor roll.  I felt good about myself for the first time since before Spring break.  Mother was proud of my final grades and ignored the first semester grade’s and attendance record.  She only said that with a full year of school and who knows what grades I could achieve.
She also was doing better in the Mom department as well.  Rarely did she need to work overtime, and during her spare time from work and home, she got involved in a local community theater and like it.   As often as we could, we would spend an evening or two watching the sunset, sharing together how our week went.  We made plans for the upcoming  summer when she could take a vacation from work and her community theater was closed for the season.  I had plans to spend some time with my new friends just enjoying the summer together exploring the cultural scenes around town.  I never realized just how much culture you could find in a small town.  Fishing was still a favorite past time for me as it offered me quiet time at the river with a pole in one hand and a good novel in the other.  I was planning on catching up on my reading list for next year.
The first couple of weeks after summer break started, I  was lacking in companions since most of my new friends were off with family on vacations of their own.  Mother planned on a late summer Vacation to fit her work schedule.  So, I figured I would take advantage of the weather and went fishing.  It was a bright sunny morning that day when I strolled down to the flatlands heading toward the river with my fishing pole in my hands, a sack lunch, and a novel I had started just before school ended.  I was a little tired that morning, yawning and bleary eyed.  Of late I was having the same recurring dream over and over again each night.  By the time I awoke each morning, I had forgotten the gist of the dream with only vague memories.  I figured I would set my line in the river and take a little nap to catch up on my Zee’s.  I was troubled by the consistency of the dreams, alien scenes and worlds, fantasy landscapes and a castle on the hill.  I headed for my usual trail to the riverbank.  I have been taking this path for who knows how long, except for winter thaw and the ice flows on the flooded flats, the path didn’t change much in the way of fallen trees, gullies, and ditches.  I didn’t expect much in the way of new obstacles to block my path.  Most were known to me and I was prepared to climb over, jump over, or walk around them all.  What I didn’t expect was an obstacle of the mind.  Each time I turned toward the riverbank and down the path that led to my favorite fishing hole, some vague sense of danger invaded my mind, and I would turn away from the familiar path to take an unfamiliar path.  Yet this new path seemed familiar, like I had been down it before.  I then would realize my direction was taking be away from the river bank and retrace my steps only to be diverted again.  I finally gave up puzzling this strange misdirection of my senses and gave in to the unfamiliar path I was walking.  Little by little things around me became familiar as if I had been down this path several times.  I could see the sandstone cliffs ahead that rose above the flats on the left of me with the river on the far right.  Remotely my brain suggested that I had many times tried to beach my raft at that point where the sand cliffs intersected with the river bank only to turn away from the bank and proceed down the river or back up the river. 
The path I was on held a similar relationship to my attempts to reach that very same point by land, only to be turned away be a sense of doom.  Then why was I unimpeded by those some premonitions today.  I reached the point where I remembered turning back and found myself  climbing a small rise in the ground to find myself overlooking a gully hidden from the view from the river bank.  In the center of this gully was a small pristine pond that showed evidence of being much larger during the spring thaw of winter ice and overflow from the river.  The pond butted right up to the base of the sand cliff, which was pitted with dark shadows, cavities in the surface of the sandstone.  Before I knew it I was down into the gully, circling around the pond on a barely visible path that lead right up to the base of the sand cliff. There flowing out of a crevice about 15 feet up was a stream of water, a mini waterfall that flowed down in the pond.  It’s source had to be ground water above the cliffs seeping through cracks in the Sandstone. Without thought I headed for the darkest spot of shadows behind the Waterfall to enter a small cave with a tunnel that led first upwards, steps of sandstone that led me across a stone bridge over a shallow crevice into another cavern that brought me to an open portal.  Without hesitation I entered the familiar elevator with the portal closing behind me.  The elevator dropped down into the bowels of the Earth at an incredible speed while a stasis field held me in place during the descent into the Earth.  Before I realized it, I found myself screaming at an all too familiar sense of doom.
“Damn you Cornelius, why did you bring me back here?”  Everything came back in a rush, the first day of Spring break and my first visit to the Library.  My memories flooded with the image of thousands of computers and the big screen at the end of a vast chamber where Cornelius’s head would float amongst the varying colors.  I remembered the little voices speaking to me and the very large headache I had trying to communicate with my mind to Cornelius floating head.  I saw the little alcove, the room where I rested on a cot, where Cornelius’s head, and sometimes his body and head would pop in and out of focus.  Then I remembered the rooms upstairs, the museum of alien artifacts and the larger room with the balcony that overlooked strange landscapes.  I remembered leaving the cave later, looking back over the gully and hearing Cornelius speaking in my head telling me that I was chosen, and I would be back.  Me telling him I didn’t want to be chosen.  Everything was vivid as if it happened only yesterday.  I screamed again, “I don’t want to be chosen, damn you Cornelius, why me, why me?”  I must have been overwhelmed, for the next thing I remember I was falling to my knees on to the floor of the large cavern that held the Libraries computers and blacked out.
I slept soundly at first, and then found myself tossing and turning in my cot struggling with a bodiless foe.  All I had to grab hold on to was a floating face that popped in and out of space each time I tried to reach out for it.  My hands would slice through the face like a hot knife through butter.  Then the face would meld together again, whole, and just as menacing as when it first appeared. The eyes where coal black as a starless night.  The skin a dull sheen of steel blue, and its sneer penetrated my spine sending ripples up and down my back.  It would laugh at me with each attempt I made to punch it in the face, a laugh that cackled mocking my efforts to strike it down.  Then another face appeared, the Librarian this time.  It turned and challenged the menace that haunted my sleep.  “Really old man, picking on a helpless boy in his sleep.  Don’t you have better things to do?”  The menace responded with howl, his mouth dripping with venom his face contorting in pain.  
“You, you should be asleep, slumbering away the centuries you fool.  My job would be much easier if I didn’t have the likes of you interfering with my work.”
The Librarian responded with a blast of sizzling white light from his eyes, the blast was directed at the floating head of the menace.  It surrounded the menace with a halo, a ring that sat on the crown of the head slowly contracting engaging the head.  You could see it was causing some considerable pain to the menace. The face was turning gray with dark red cracks erupting around its eyes.  The eyes were forced shut by the brightness of the halo and eventually the head tilted down bowing defeat. 
 “Cease Librarian, before you break your own covenant and destroy all that you have preserved in your precious Library.”  The menace begged.  
 The Librarian blinked and the halo diminished to a dull glow around the head.  “You are right brother, I overstep my boundaries here.  But you are the intruder, where you well know you are not welcomed.   Do not break the same covenant you so wisely remind me of.  Go, you have no work here in the Library.  It is off limits to your kind.”  The Librarian demanded.
“Oh please, don’t get in such a snit sibling.  I want nothing of yours, it’s the boy that interest me.”  The menace spoke.
“The boy is not yours to have, nor shall you tempt him with your evil ways.”  The Librarian warned with a hiss, increasing the brightness of the halo around his brother.
“Cease this infernal light you fool.  I can barely think, let alone get a word out.”  The halo dimmed once more.  “Now that’s better.  I don’t want the boy.  It is obvious you have your clutches in him.  Why you would deal with such weak and inferior humans, I will never know.  I never could figure out your weakness for such games.  I come only to observe the one you have chosen, or have you forgotten that you need the Alliance’s approval for your replacement.  They have sent me to make a report on your choice.”  The menace explained.
“No, I have not forgotten the Alliance approval.  I have no fear that they will reject my choice.  Nor should you.  His presence in the game you so term it, is vital to the very existence of the Library and for what it means to everyone.”  The Librarian boosted.
“Oh please!  Spare me the lecture; I’m not here for the tour.  I came because the Alliance  made me. I have better things to do then listen to your prattle about serving the cause of the Alliance.  If you want a replacement that’s your business, but the Alliance wants to know why?  Certainly, you’re not ready to retire yet my dear younger brother.  You must have at least another Thousand years or two left in you before you pass through the veil.” Mocked the menace.
“I am not ready to pass through the veil, thank you.  The boy is chosen because I need his help.   You of all creatures,  should know why.  If you weren’t so busy trying to weaken the covenant you would notice the signs.  No, instead you go about your own agenda ignoring what has been written by the ancients who built the Library and placed the covenant on our people.”  The Librarian’s voice saddened at what he said next.  “If you had only listened to Father.”  The Librarians voice rose to anger.  You would not have been banished from the Library and you too would know what is to come, instead of closing your mind to the covenant.”  
“The covenant, I am tired of hearing about the covenant.  I will say this only once again, as I have said for thousands of years.  The covenant is an old obsolete dead piece of paper signed by our ancestors equally as old, obsolete, and dead a thousand millenniums ago.  Why you insist on adhering to a myth I don’t know, and I don’t want to know.  So, save your speeches for those on the Alliance who will listen.  Why have you chosen this boy?  Tell me in ten words or less.  So, I can go and report to the Alliance, and be free of your blasted halo’s and this headache it’s causing me.”  Lamented the menace.
“Really brother, if you would not come to visit with such a chip on your shoulders, I wouldn’t have to use restraints now would I.   As for ten words or less, I have chosen him, and this is that. The Librarian solemnly spoke.  There is also a message from the Alliance that was sent after you left Regal Nebula Minor, and for security reason it came by the slow route and I only received recently.  The Foe is loose from its prison. There was a long pause before the menace responded to the words from his brother.  You could see he was amused by the message.  
“Are you sure Cornelius?” his brother spoke.  
“Yes brother, it was why I have awoken from my long sleep.” Cornelius answered his brother.
“When will the Foe reach this Solar System? 
Put on guard, Cornelius warned his brother. “It has yet to be determined where the Foe is heading. It’s your guess as to where that could be, I have been assigned to do my best to track it from the Library, monitor  reports that come in from around the Universe, then make my reports to the Alliance as that information comes in.  And you are not in the loop.  That is Library business and no longer yours if you recall.
’  The menace screamed.  Fine brother, I have my means, I will know where it is before you know and don’t count on me telling you or that Alliance you worship like a lover.
“Your sarcasm is unwanted here. But you of all people should know that when it comes to the Foe, we will have only a span of a moment in our life span to be warned.  Regardless how advance our detection of the Foe will be, we will have very little time to prepare.  It is the covenant that binds us to watch and wait, then act as swiftly as we can.  Tell the alliance I am awake now, and chose the boy to replace me, so that I may retire and return home.  The Library shall not be left unattended.   The covenant forbids it.”  Reiterated the Librarian.
“Yes, the covenant is clear, as much as I hate the covenant, you are right.  I will report to the Alliance when I return to Regal Nebula Minor. .  The chosen shall be approved.  When will you be able to return to our home world?  The menace asked.
“It shall take me 100 Library years at the least to prepare this boy for his duties, then and only then will I know if he is ready.  Never have we asked of his kind to be Librarian.  But we must ask and expect some setbacks in his training.  This race is far from being ready for such responsibilities.  Yet, I have hope in this boy.  His telepathic skills are rudimentary by any standard, however, they far exceed most of his kind.”  There was hope in the Librarians voice.
“Yes, you may be right about that.  He fought gallantry against my initial intrusion here.  He has already found guards against his thoughts from leaking unwarranted during his sleep.  You have chosen well Cornelius.  I go now, and just because we may have a common foe between us brother, I haven’t forgiven you for your meddling in my affairs.  A day will come when the covenant will not stand between us.  Then and only then will one of us cross through the veil?  I hope you are prepared for the battle of your life.”  The menace or rather his face vanished along with the projected body that was attached to it.
In my sleep I could see the Librarian hovering over my cot, this time without the spectrum of colors flashing around his head as before, his words barely made a way into my sleeping mind.  “Zeik my lad, you are now officially chosen.  I need your help boy, we need your help, and time is running out for a lot of people you have never met.  I have no right to ask this of you.  I have great faith in you being up to the honor of replacing me at the helm of the Library.  I only wish I could hang around and see you bask in the wonders of the Library.  Maybe I’ll be able to come back, and we will have long nights staring at the heavens, sharing stories about our adventures.  Well in any event I shall not part to soon, I need to train you and you need to grow up some more.”  The Librarian voice faded from my mind as he left the alcove.  It took me a moment for it to sink into my thick head, even in my sleep.  The Librarian was flesh and blood this time, asking for my help.  I wasn’t sure I wanted to be chosen and I wanted to tell him so.  In my sleep I heard myself yelling at the back of the Librarian as he left the room.  “Hey, why me?  Couldn’t you find someone else, someone better than me.”  I kept trying to convince myself more then I was trying to convince the Librarian.  I wasn’t the right person for him.  I kept trying to tell him that, but there wasn’t any response, and soon I was caught up in another dream, running through a field of strange plants that wanted to devour me.  I wielded a large, doubled edge sword where I hacked at the plants beheading large blooms that held gaping mouths full of jagged teeth. Leaves with large spikes swung back at me trying to impale my body with their barbed stickers.  I dodged the spikes and sliced off leaves and blooms alike, cringing from the eerie wail the dying plants made.  In the horizon, two moons rose up above a barren landscape of hills and distant mountains.  As night settled, the air around me turned to a bitter cold, and the plants I battled shivered and settled into hibernation for the night.  I sheaved my sword, and went forward on my journey, alert to any further danger from the flora around me.  
Soon even I found myself lacking from sleep, and once into the hills, I found a small grove of trees to offer shelter and firewood to keep me warm.  Once a fire was lit, I huddled up into my travel bag and caught 40 winks.  When I awoke, it was daylight.  My fire had burned down to ashes.  Where there were two moons when I settled down to sleep, a weak sun shone now, and a third moon joined the skyline chasing after the descending moons.  I climbed out of my travel bag, stood to stretch tired muscles, when I heard a sound in the nearby cluster of trees.  I turned to look for the source of the sound, and found a disembodied face looking at me.  It was trying to communicate to me.  “Zeik wake up lad.”  I awoke from my dreaming and re-entered the real world when a shrug from the Librarian shook my shoulders.  “Come on you lazy head, its time you had a little breakfast before we resume our day.  There is much ahead of us if you are going to take my place as the Librarian.  There is no rest for the chosen boy.  So, snap to it.”  Barked the Librarian.  You’ll find the facilities down to the right after the first bank of computers were they were before.  Join me at the main screen and we will recap what has transpired since you last visit.”  The Librarian left the room.  I watched his back disappear out of site down the aisle of the large computer chamber.  I remembered were all those tiny voices came from and now they were roaring there greetings to me.  I yelled.
“Audio off and leave me alone.”  I headed down to the facilities to relieve my full bladder.  It was Deja Vue all over again.


Chapter Eight
Surrendering


Surrendering isn’t always a bad thing, when you consider the reason why you surrender.  Defeat can be when you face a foe who out numbers you and seeks your destruction.  Defeat can be coming to the realization that you can no longer deny what is facing you and you have no options left but defeat or die.  To live or to die isn’t always a conscious choice and can often be disguised behind fear or just stubbornness to admit defeat.  You don’t always need an opposing army to show you that you are outnumbered.  All too often your opponent is just one person, you.  It may be easier to face defeat when you face an army who is stronger, larger, and equipped with better weapons. When you face yourself, defeat is humiliating when you consider it is yourself that has outnumbered you, bested every move you have made, and refuses to give up. So, who is the victor here, you or you?
“Cornelius, we need to get his straight.  You can’t just invade my privacy whenever you want to speak to me.  I am in the bathroom relieving myself.  Chosen or not, I do not chose to have your invade my mind when I am using the toilet or taking a shower.  In fact, privacy is just that privacy, private thoughts, private moments, and certainly, private dreams.” Zeik demanded.
“I am sorry, Zeik.  I am so used to speaking to my computers, I forget that you are human, made of flesh and blood.  You are right though, privacy is important.  Realize this Zeik,  though I might be speaking to you through your mind I am using your eyes.  You need only close your eyes, so I don’t see what is around you what you  see.  In time with training, you will be able to close off that part of the mind that gives me sight to what you see in your mind, though visual thoughts, the ideals that float around in that gray matter. As for your dreams, I am afraid that until you have better control of you minds telepathy, your dreams may bleed out during your sleep. In time you will be able to block off your normal dreaming from me and the computers. Yes, the computers have telepathic abilities.  While they are awake the computers will always be linked to your every thought and you to them.  That is your main function to always be in contact with them. Again, in time you will get used to them as if it is just the usual noise around you. As the Librarian, I must always be in contact with them as they are in contact with the thousands of relays across the universe collecting data, reports, and warnings.  Much of what they do is self-autonomous when it comes to collecting that data and processing it for permanent storage. With exceptions to certain kinds of reports and warnings that need my attention. Then they must contact me and get my directions before acting on the report or warning.”
“Rest assure Zeik, that your privacy is important.  Meanwhile, you need only address the system verbally or mentally that you require privacy mentally and visually.  I must insist that your audio receptors remain open when asleep to alert you to any urgent reports or warnings. In time you will learn how to do that and still get some sleep. The urgent reports and warnings are categorized as Red code’s, which is our highest urgency, and needs the Librarians attention and action now.  Orange Codes are Moderate urgency and can wait until daytime or after Privacy time. Yellow and Green codes are those that can be shelved into the inbox for later attention.  All Blue codes are self-autonomous codes that the system has direction to handle without the Librarians attention, permission, or urgent action. Blue codes are about 80 percent of our day-to-day business.  Green are monthly reports we need to read, and Yellow are yearly reports summing up Green reports.  Orange codes  take up 19 percent of our day-to-day business.  While Red codes are one percent of our day-to-day, if any, if we are lucky. I have been the Librarian since 350 AD Earth time and have had only one Red Code alert and that was recent and given the time for it to arrive here to Earth it was already 800 years old.  Which gives me about 200 years to act on. Zeik, this is where you come in to the picture and why you were chosen to be the next Librarian.  I cannot remain the Librarian and act on this new crisis coming up.” Cornelius informed Zeik.  
“Let me get this straight Cornelius, you want me to replace you as the Librarian when you leave to handle this Code Red in about 200 years.  I got news for you old man, we humans don’t live that long as a rule.  You are wasting your time if you think I will be around to replace you, so you can go off and do whatever you need to do.  Heck, I am only 16 years old recently and I can’t be your Librarian. I have to finish high school, then go on to college. Now, wait a minute, did you say your where the Librarian since 350 AD.”
“Yes Ziek. Time is different in the Library then outside it.  We shall discuss that latter.” Cornelius told him.
“Oh, you got to be off your rocker if I am going to hang around this Library for a thousand years or more. Chosen or not, as I said, we humans don’t live that long.” Zeik informed the Librarian.
“Of course, you don’t live that long Zeik, you’re from Earth not Regal Nebula Miner. Where I come from we have a much longer life span then just 80 years or so of your Earth years.  It’s more like 600 of your Earth years and 2500 Regal years.  It took me 200 of your Earth years to travel here in Suspended Animation, and once in the Library, I aged much slowly due to the special atmosphere and force field of the Library and periodic Suspended Animation.  Actually, I am naturally 1350 years old Regalese time and in Library time I have been here 1647 years, or a total of 2997 years in age and have reached the limit of what Suspended Animation can do to keep me alive.   As for you, for every hour of your Earth time outside the Library, you will have aged only about 1 minute while in the Library  You have been in the Library now for 1 hour earth time and have aged only 1 minute.  Twenty-four hours in the Library only 24 minutes’ has gone by outside the Library. Time stands still in the Library. Come back in 24 hours and only 24 minutes has passed here in the Library. Spend one year outside the Library and roughly 14 days have passed here in the Library. So, when you find yourself spending 24 hours here in the Library, you have aged only 24 minutes physically. When you return outside of being inside for 24 hours, only 24 minutes have passed outside the Library. You will be the same age, as you where before you came into the Library.  If you were to spend one full earth year in the Library only 14 days would have past outside the Library.  Your training will initially only require you at minimal one day in the Library and only 24 minutes outside the Library will have passed.  ”
“Suspended Animation is different, you are sleeping while time passes by outside the Library and inside the library, my real age combined age as I said is 2997 years while my Suspended Animation age added another 447 years to that age 3444 years. I slept for a combined total of 447 years awaking off and several times to physically check on things then back to my sleep capsule.  Since I am not of Earth my aging process is much different than yours, and we naturally age slower and live longer. What you need to know Zeik is that before you truly take over the job as Librarian fulltime and live in the Library,  you will be into your natural age of 32 or so, while the time spend inside the Library in the next 16 years will be roughly a total of 7.5 months of inside the Library, or  2.5 days inside for each hour outside. Physically you might be 32 years old 16 years from now, but your body appearance will be that of a 16-year-old.  
However, because of the in and out of the Library, you will age naturally outside, when outside.  Your body can expect to be 24 years old by then, if not a few years older, and not showing your age of 32.  One hour a week now to start off with of your outside time Zeik for at least until after high school and increasing that time to 3 or more hours a week of your outside time. By the time you leave High school all the basics that you need to know you will know, and your telepathic skills will be enhanced as well.  In that two years of your time, I can assure you that after High school you will have the ability no matter where you are on Earth you can return to the Library to continue your training in  most cases less than two hours to get here by interplanetary spaceship, but that will be after you graduate High school.  If you are done with your bodily function Ziek.  Join me in my study. I will plant the map of the facility in your memory. Let me show you what I mean Zeik, open your mind to me and your first Earth hour of training will start.”
***
I don’t know how I got home, or when I actually left the Library. My mind is still trying to wrap itself around the time stasis and all those computations as to how much time passes in the Library and outside the Library.  All I do know is that I awoke from a nap at the river bank with my head full of wonderful things about the Library outside of the computers and museum of artifacts.  I must have left the Library after my first hour of training and returned to the river bank to fish.  I must have napped at the river bank as I usually do to wind down.  When I returned home only two hours had passed. Though if I figured it out right, I was 1 minute older for the earth hour I was inside the Library, and 2.5 days had passed inside the Library.  I had to stop trying to figure this out as it was giving me a headache.  When I arrived at home, I got busy with the chores I still had to finish around the house and prepared a meal for when Mother came home from work. We spend a quiet evening at home together going over our summer plans when Mother took a two-week paid vacation. 
That night I laid in bed going over what Cornelius had shown me during my 2.5 days in the Library. He spoke of a way that I could continue my weekly visit to the Library when I was out of high school, working or at college where I could travel once a week to the Library for my hour of training, which would be actually a few days in the Library.  Cornelius set up a to do list for me and on top of that list was learning how to fly an atmospheric airship, or rather a camouflaged airship that had remarkable abilities to take on any shape your programed it to be. For my first 2.5 days in the Library Cornelius showed me the rudimentary controls of the airship and how I would eventually interface with the controls using my telepathic skills, which I needed to be trained to a level that I could control the airship. Which Cornelius hoped would be within the next 2 months of my time outside the Library or 90 days Library time during the summer. To enhance those skills, on my second hour in the Library I started wearing a special helmet that would amplify those skills and in time I would not have to wear it, Cornelius hoped.  He said we would cross that worm hole when we got to it.  
Once I had control of the airship with my mind it would be as simple as telling the airship where I wanted to go, and it would do the rest. As for the camouflage feature Cornelius had me on the 3rd hour with the helmet practicing ordering the airship to take different shapes that would fit in the outside in my world. My first shape was a favorite model of car I have always liked to own.  The airship taking a mental image of the model off my mind, and Cornelius adding a computer technical printout of that model and year, programed the airship to take on that shape right down to the minute detail of the car.  I envisioned a brand-new model year, but Cornelius reminded me that maybe a less conspicuous year, something that wouldn’t stand out in a driveway or on the road for a kid just out of high school.  Once I had settled on what would fit a young teen on a budget.  I had an airship disguised as a car I could drive and fly.  On the road it would be an ordinary car with limited speed for the road.  As an airship it could break the sound barrier if I were to push it beyond its mid-range speed. The car to airship would transform going from being an invisible car parked that would vertically rise into the air invisible and convert into the airship and remain invisible during flight in the day time and semi-visible for night flight.  Cornelius assured me that no Earth technology could detect the airship while in flight or on the ground. While a car it would be just like any other car inside or outside. Even my helmet could go invisible so I can use it outside the Library for improving my telepathic skills. But that would be later in my training.  
For now, for the next 6 weeks I was learning some basic history of the Library. Roaming the many levels of the Library and improving my communication skills of working with the computers both verbally and telepathically. There where lessons and instructions on the Code system and how I was to respond to them.  Of course, there was dealing with reports and request made by the computers as I was sharing some of Cornelius’s work as a part of my training.  I had lesson’s on otherworld cultures, tours of the museums and Holograph exhibits.  A good share of my time was being introduced to technical knowledge through mind transfer through the helmet.  
When I wasn’t at the Library I was home doing my chores or hanging out with my friends from school. I decided I needed to find a part-time job before school started again in the fall. Mother and I took our vacation to the U.S. Virgin Island for two weeks. When we got back I had one week left before school started,  I spent 3 different times that last week at the Library to make up for lost time. When Schools started I started a part-time job at the local burger joint, flipping burgers 20 hours a week. With one hour a week at the Library, I had plenty of time for my school work, home chores, and friends. For two years this was my routine and finally graduation from high school came and went.  Cornelius said I was ready for my next level of training which would have me doing field trips around Earth checking up on hidden communication installations that required using up one of my in-Library days to fly there and back. 
While I was in the airship, time was the same as if I were in the Library. For my high school graduation gift, Mother offered to buy me a car for graduation, but I insisted that I had two years of savings, and if she matched that, I could get a decent car without her breaking her bank account.  I had been preparing for this day when the car we bought at the lot, would be cleverly swapped out for my camouflaged airship.  I drove the original down to the flats one night for some night fishing and that was when I mentally order the airship to leave its hanger and settled down next to my car.  It didn’t take long for the airship camouflage scanner to scan the car, and then changed into the identical car right down to the engine id and license plates.  Then I ordered the airship to disintegrate the original down to a fine dust that the night wind blow over the river.  I drove my car/airship home and parked in the driveway. That fall, I drove to college and for the next six years, I earned a Ph.D. in Astrophysics, and continued my training at the Library in advanced studies of the universe in actual field trips into that universe on assignments by Cornelius to further my education.


Chapter 9
My First Trip to Saturn


During my college years, I kept to new one-hour 3 times a week schedule at the Library.  With my car, I would drive off to an isolated area of the city at night time, free time or before I went to classes. Checking my instrument panel in the car, using my radar detector, I made sure that there was no-one in the area, either walking, or in another vehicle. Once the coast was clear I would go invisible and the car would rise up into the air and transform into my personal airship.  Within 10 minutes I was speeding off south traveling at 900 miles per hour.  In less than 30 minutes later I was at the Library and spent my one-hour commitment or 2.5 days Library time, and back home to my dorm, classes or to work on time 1 hour later real time.   
My class schedule had some few open slots that would allow me up to 2 hours between classes, or my free day where I told my dorm mates I was out either at the gym, gone to movies, or just at the university Library or working at my part-time job.  For work I would either leave an hour early for work or come back to the dorm an hour after my work shift would end.  It was so easy to fit in an hour 3 times a week at various times. In my Junior year I had my own private apartment off campus and kept much the same routine adding one additional hour.  I had a normal college life with college extra-curriculum activities and hanging out with the gang.  When I had a full day to myself I would just simply drive off in the day time on a road trip into the country and vanish off a back road and return back to the same road heading back the other way. This way I was able to do some traveling around the state taking in interesting places.  It was an interesting game I was playing finding different routes and way in and out of the campus and city, always never in the same way more than, twice a month.  Eventually I had the car/airship programed with the varies ways to leave campus and the city, where I just had to relax and let the computer self-drive me to the Library while I took some time to study or take some Z’s.  I made many trips back home during term breaks to visit mother usually show up at the house after I spent my hour at the Library.  Getting my commitment out of the way.  
In my Junior year, Cornelius surprised me with a field trip to Saturn to launch a new monitor satellite around Dione to replace the two-way monitor on Titan. Like time in the Library, the flight to Saturn while in the off-planetary airship, took only 8 hours of my Library time given the speed of the airship and the time factor.  I used a day of my winter break to take that field trip, where I had to just obit around Dione and launch the satellite and used the on-board computer to check the Satellites function  and that the signal was being sent to Earth’s moon new relay station then to Dione.  It was a one-way signal from Earth through several relay stations from different locations in Earths Solar system back to the back-up station that was activated when Neptune’s station two-way station was shut down.  Then from Neptune it would go several different routes and through a dozen more relays in a zigzag, crazy pattern to reach Regal Nebula Minor from different direction then directly from Earth. With that out of the way I drove up to my house and spend the winter break at home trying to map out the route in my mind just exactly how communication signal from the Library was traveling.  I gave up figuring it out.  
During my winter break I was surprised by my mother with an unexpected financial win fall that my late father had left me when I was to turned 21.  A trust fund had been set up for me when he died.  It wasn’t an earth-shattering amount, but it would be enough to make my reminding college years easier to manage financially, pay off student loans,  and pay for my graduate studies and earn my PH.D., and still have enough left over to make life less stressful.  By the time I had finished my Senior year in college, and I took a year off before I worked on my PH.D. I took a good share of that money and purchased some property that was available above the land right over the Library. Then Cornelius surprised me with my first paycheck with a few astonishing zero’s added it.  Cornelius explained it was based on a Universe pay scale for the assistant librarian of the Universes oldest library.  Yes, a paycheck for being his assistant for the last 6 years at the Library.  
It was actually in U.S. Dollars drawn from an account Cornelius assured me was legit and supported by investments, and yes, investments that may or may not have been in the form of insider information given the nature of the Library.  Cornelius explained that he was from Regalese, and not under the jurisdiction of the SEC and American laws.  Anyways, he would not be the first foreign national to build off shore accounts.  I had to laugh when you consider how far his off shore account was from Regal Nebula Minor. With this second win fall added to my Trust.  I built a private research observatory and home with a secret entrance to the Library which was added after everything was built above. A new elevator shaft drilled upward from the Libraries main floor. No more going down to the flats on foot or by car to enter the Library. Cornelius liked the ideal and thought that it gave an added security to the Library, if he no longer had to maintain the entrance to it from the flats.  Once I had my observatory and home built he closed off the entrance from the flats and left only an emergency exit and the hanger exit on the flats for the off-planet airship, and his personal extra-stellar starship.  My runabout as I called my morphing car/airship was garaged at the observatory.  From my very own home I could go to the Library in secret from my observatory, or take off in my runabout without anyone noticing, I hope. 
With Cornelius help and technology, we installed a very high-tech telescope with the latest in Earth technology and disguised alien technology. The observatory would be my source of income as I would have it open to the public and as a private research facility. The facility was connected to the Library so I could utilize its technology secretly in my private research.  I had set up the perfect front for the Library and what was to come down the road when Cornelius left the Library to deal with a crisis he was yet to inform me of when I finished my PH.D. which coincided with finishing my apprenticeship in the Library.
After finishing my PH.D. I now had more time to spend in the Library, while I did my own research in Astrophysics, and supervised an internship program from local colleges.  I could now spend has much time as I needed in the Library up to 20 hours a week, adding up to 50 days a week in the Library. There were many off planet field trips that would take me out of my own solar system.  As the future Librarian I had to visit many populated and unpopulated worlds learning first hand many cultures, and about ancient civilizations on dead world’s first hand.  During these field trips I was gaining some understanding of what the Library was all about other than just a depository for knowledge.  There was much that Cornelius wasn’t telling me, and each time I returned from one of these field trips he would evade answering my questions when I asked about why some ancient Civilization ended.  Even when I would check the database I would often get a red flag and warning that this information is restricted access only to Cornelius.  Cornelius would tell me that it was security issues, that I did not have clearance yet, but would soon and told to be patient.
When not in the Library.  I was busy with my own research and establishing myself as a local eccentric egg head and celebrity.  By the time I was 30 I had published my first major research paper challenging several astrophysics theories based on my research and my private knowledge learned from the Library.  Cornelius had encouraged this paper as a means of advancing Earths current knowledge of astrophysics.  My paper would give just enough alien knowledge to challenge a new course of study in astrophysics.  It was Cornelius goal to prepare Earth for what was to come.  All Cornelius could tell me was that Earth needed to be prepared for a time when Earth would be accepted into the Alliance of planets sooner than expected.  To be ready, certain bit and pieces of knowledge needed to be introduced into Earths technology and understanding of the universe at large.  It would be a seed that would grow, and I was the farmer to plant that seed, while the future would harvest the fruit of that seed.  
I asked Cornelius would this not be cheating in the scheme of things to give Earth a head start against the natural order of things. Cornelius explained to me that would it be cheating if say a spaceship from another planet where to arrive next week and offer Earth all its wonders and science over-night.  Would Earth be ready for such sudden advancement. Would they be wise to use such wonders safely, or would it go to their heads like a child waking up Christmas morning and go wild with excitement tearing open all the gifts not realizing that not all the gift where his to open. Would Earth be ready to wisely use these gifts?  Would the alien offering these gifts openly be trustworthy.  Cornelius assured me that there are some alien cultures at there in the universe who would take advantage of Earth as a young technological world.  Many Earth leaders would be leery of such largess being handed to them on a gold plater. Cornelius told me that it was better to work from inside the box and let Earth think they came up with the idea first.  I had to agree with him that Earth would not be ready.  Would there not be better gifts to give then just bits and pieces of Astrophysics.  Why not advancements in medicine, and cures for cancer. What good would Astrophysics do Earth if we still can’t cure cancer?  His answer was.
“Zeik, what good would a cure for cancer do, if what is to come can destroy this Earth with one sweep of its hands.  I am afraid that all the wonders of a thousand worlds would not save Earth if it, is ignorant, of what is out there in the universe that can destroy worlds like a foot stumping on a colony of ants. Astrophysics is a path to knowing what is out there, who is a friend and who is a foe.  I would like to do more than just bits and pieces of knowledge here and there Zeik.  But to do more would draw attention to the one foe that is now entering the far reaches of the Milky Way. I suppose it is time I should tell you what is coming. You have been out there Zeik exploring dead worlds, worlds that once were alive with civilizations, some new while others very old and at the end of their time as such things go. This Library holds the knowledge of those worlds and the knowledge of all the worlds alive with varies forms of life and advancements.  I speak of life forms in a sense that they are living beings and have different life forms and shapes.  Yet, they are people who have a civilization, culture, history, and belief system.  The Library is the depository of their lives and will eventually be the final resting place of their knowledge when their worlds cease to be.  In the course of millennium after millennium these worlds will die eventually and those who live on them will either be advanced enough to leave their world to colonize new worlds or suffer the fate of a dying Sun going Nova.  Some will not.  Others will perish due to war and natural calamity before their time.  Some will face a foe that comes sneaking in the night and never know what ended their world.”
“This foe was vanquished many millenniums ago, into a prison we thought would be unescapable. We were wrong. For millenniums, the natural course of the universe was free of this foe.  Worlds died, and worlds were born.  Civilizations rose and fell. Those civilizations and worlds that the foe destroyed where forgotten except for here in the Library or were the Library originally was and has been relocated several times to avoid the Foe. That original world was dying as worlds would when its sun enter the final stages of going Nova.  The Library was moved to another planet in the universe, and eventually here to Earth in 350 AD.  My predecessors, where ever the Library was, kept the Library collecting data throughout the eon’s.  It has been a lonely post for many of my predecessor, only in the more recent times on Earth has it not been so lonely for the Librarian.  Know this Zeik, if this Library were to be destroyed, so would the knowledge of the Foe be wiped out, and without that knowledge would the universe go on never knowing what is out there that could destroy their world in a blink of an eye without forewarning like a dying sun going Nova.”
“The Foe would be free to destroy all living worlds as we know it and with each planetary life force it destroys it grows in power until one eon it can destroy the universe itself and when that happens this foe will have achieved its final death blow against itself.  For without life in the universe the very fabric of time, atoms, energy, biomatter, matter and anti-matter, for this foe to feed on it will it die.  In its death we believe, will all that the Foe has consumed will be released in a catastrophic explosion and the universe will be reborn again and everything will start over and in time worlds will be born, life will grow, civilizations born, and the cycle will begin all over again, again and again as the Foe will always be out there feeding and growing, dying and exploding. When we imprisoned the foe, we thought we would prevent this cycle from ending and beginning again over and over again. That is the Alliance of Worlds who have sought to prevent this cycle from repeating itself.  Even if we were to be able to kill the foe, his death would start the cycle over again prematurely, wiping out all worlds in the universe at once in an instance.  It is what I believe your people call a “Catch 22”. If we do kill the foe, we destroy the universe, if we don’t kill the foe it will destroy the universe by its own hands. Either way the universe will be reborn again and there will be no memory of the past as the Library will be destroyed in any case.  It is the Library that reminds us the reason why we can’t destroy the Foe, and the one reason we do not want the Foe to destroy it.  Without that knowledge, we will either destroy the Foe prematurely out of ignorance, or not.  Regardless in the end we all eventually die, if not sooner.”
“Zeik,  15 Earth years ago, the Library received a Code Red Data alert, which due to its source and speed getting here took nearly 784 years to arrive to Earth by what you would call snail mail speed for security reason.  This Red Code Data was issued on the star date 20987, your Earth time 1200 AD. It was a warning that the foe finally escaped it’s prison in what was a rift in time we had sent it into. It is a place where time stands still literally. The message made it clear that because of your Solar Systems bright star, the Foe is heading this way. At the time of its escape the Alliance was unsure when it would arrive at, this Galaxy. As time went by, they were able to estimate the arrival of the Foe in the  Milky Way about 1935 AD  Earth time, and by the time the Foe actually reaches Earth it will be 2335 AD.  About 300 years from now. There are some variables that may slow it down given it was not at full strength when it escaped the Time Rift. Which means it will take time to rebuilt that strength on the way here, which my best estimate is adding another 100 years to the timeline.  Once the Foe enter Earths solar system the Library will be able to have a more precise timeline.  It does not have anywhere near the travel speed an Alliance spacecraft has during its current weakness, but our data shows that it once could travel in light year speeds at full strength.  The Universe is large, very large, and for the Foe it is like a microbe swimming the Pacific Ocean at the mercy of the currents trying to go from California to the East coast of Africa.  If it is not devoured by a minnow in the ocean, it will take Thousands of years for that one microbe to reach the East coast of Africa.”
“Zeik, the foe isn’t a corporal being like you or me, or any number of alien life forms in the universe.  It is a non-corporal energy life force made up of billions of particles of energy that devours energy, both biological energy and mineral energy, which is 90% of the universe alien lifeforms and planets are made up.  In the simplest of terms Matter comprised of Atoms, Electrons, Neutrons, positive and negative energy. When we imprisoned it, it was reaching its capacity to sustain itself and was near exploding the universe apart as I have already told you it would do when it died. A theory the Library supports.  In the Time Rift, that energy was bleeding off into the Time Rift where it became harmless and the foe diminished its capacity to be destructive, that final Big Bang.  Apparently, it still managed to escape the Time Rift intact enough to break free.  It will need to feed and rebuild its destructive mass back to the billions and billions of its energy force it once held.  The universe is made up of so much energy that billions and billions of it will not be noticed when it is snuffed out like a candle flame.
The Alliance has warned me that they are not certain as to way it is coming here.  It may or may not even know the Library is here.  If it had a conscious sentient mind, I believe it would push itself to maximum feeding which would bring it to Earth maybe in half the time expected.  That kind of feeding would also speed up that final Big Bang as well.  The Alliance has always believed it knows of its nature and why it feeds, yet like a food addiction it must feed mindlessly, and to be able to move through the vacuum of space.  It’s feeding ground will be small planetoids, Geo-developing planets with raw energy, and small planet civilizations.  Just enough energy to prevent it from self-emulation until it reaches Earth.  On its way, only Alliance planets will have the means to notice its path and the thousands of planets disappearing in the far reaches of that universe.  Which is why I am releasing those bits and pieces of Astrophysics advancements. Earth will have a chance to detect the Foe long before it enters Earths Solar system. Forewarned will give Earth a chance to survive the feeding, and hopefully, give you time to move the Library if need be.”
“Cornelius, did you say move the Library.  How, I have been in the hanger, and there is no spaceship large enough down there to move the entire contents of the Library.” I pointed out to him.
“My dear boy, the Library is a spaceship”. Cornelius stated.


Chapter 10 
The Alliance Compact


“Cornelius, how did you imprison the Foe the first time?” Zeik asked.
“Zeik, it was the combined effort of the Alliance Compact that managed to come together and find a way to imprison the Foe.  Before the Alliance, many worlds in the universe have been fragmented into various governments much like here on Earth. In some systems there have been coalitions of worlds under one government, but as a whole the known populated worlds in the universe were so diverse in political theories, types of rule, life forms, and one of the oldest civilizations were down right egomaniacs when it came to believing they were the first race of sentient beings in the universe and infallible.  That is until they started noticing their far-flung colonies disappearing overnight in unexplainable catastrophes.  Eventually, they discovered the source and alerted other worlds of the pending doom heading their way.  It took a few millennium for everyone to believe there was a Foe at there and they needed to combine their resources to come up with a solution.”
“The Alliance Compact was formed, and a way was discovered in how they could imprison the Foe in a Time Rift, where it would be unable to feed on the energy around it.  The Time Rift in essence is a void or vacuum in time where there is no cosmic energy for the Foe to feed on, thus it was believed in time it would die of starvation.  It was also believed that should it explode when it died in the Time Rift.  The Time Rift it would seal the explosion thus preventing the end of the cycle and starting a new cycle for the Foe.  Many also believed that it was possible for the Foe to be caught in a loop of time where it would starve, explode, then feed on itself, grow in energy, then starve, then explode, then feed, starve, explode, feed, die in an endless time loop, without the Big Bang starting things over.  The universe at large would be safe from that cycle of destruction.  There are so many theories at there in the Universe that contradict each other.  One is that the Foe will never self-destruct and start the Big Bang all over again.  Other Theorist believe the Foe is a corporeal being, a biological lifeforce with a brain and knows it is destroying the universe and relishes in doing so. While others worship the Foe as sinners, just reward for sinning.  Even now, my brother, believes that the Foe is a construct of a lost civilization, an experiment gone astray.  He has a very large following among many worlds that believe this Theory and one reason he is on the blacklist of Alliance Worlds, and non-member worlds.  He also believes that we should just leave it along and let it explode off in some distant part of the Universe where there are no living worlds.  That we in our corner of the Universe will be just fine.”
“As to how the Foe escaped, I am afraid as instructed I destroyed the two-way communications relay stations, so if any new reports where sent with that information I will never know.  Which is why I will eventually leave the Library leaving you in charge and I will return home to find out.  The Alliance knows to send a report to me by any indirect means whereas a light year burst of energy would alert the Foe draw it to earth like a moth to a light.  Since the Alliance discovered the science of Time travel the energy signature apparently does not concern the Foe as a feeding source viable to its purpose. Which was why we were able to trap the Foe in the Time Rift.  We set up a high energy source beacon to draw his attention to it, and when he arrived too feed, he was trapped in the void we created then we literally shut the front door on him collapsing the portal he didn’t realize he went through to feed on the energy beacon.  We have advanced in our time technology since then and have been prepared for this occasion with a better mouse trap.  We just need to know how he escaped and make adjustments to assure once he is trapped again, the Foe won’t get out again or at least not as easy as he did the first time. That is the nature of the Foe.  You can’t kill it. To do so is to release energy that in his dying breath so to speak, he will be reborn again.  Just another theory out there.”
“As I have already said Zeik, we need to avoid killing the foe or  the cycle starts over and over again.  The next Big Bang cycle we won’t be here to warn those that eventually rise into advance sentient beings again.  We need to stop the cycle once and for all so that this universe can proceed toward that final enlightenment where all worlds are aligned to one common cause to keep this Foe imprisoned and the Library will no longer be at risk.  Of course, that will not be in either of our lifetimes, or many lifetimes to come.  It is a heavy burden for those who run the Library and that burden will one day be yours.  It is my duty to make sure you have a Library to run.  So, do you have any questions Zeik?”
“Yes, was Regal Nebula Minor the egomaniac world who didn’t believe the Foe was real.”  Zeik asked.
“Yes, Zeik, that was before my time, many thousands of Earth years before my time. Regal Nebula Minor was the founding world of the Alliance Compact and it’s scientist who came up with the Time Rift theory.  As for the Library it is older than the Alliance Compact, and its founders are lost in the annals of time.  Earth is its 32nd home in as many millenniums since it first was created by an extinct ancient race older then Regal Nebula Minor.  That ancient civilization was among the Foe’s first worlds it destroyed we believed.  They managed to relocate the Library elsewhere before the Foe arrived.  If anything, the Foe is slow and once you know it’s coming you have time to move out of its way, even move a world population of a planet and relocate. That is for those who have the technology to do so.  Which is another purpose of the Library preserving technology of a thousand worlds so future civilizations can know about the Foe and have the technology to escape its path.”
“With the Foe in prison Earth has been the host of the Library for the shortest time, then any other host world.  Your job Zeik is to make sure Earth is prepared and ready for the Foe, if the Alliance Compact fails to imprison the Foe once again.  Also, it is the Alliance hope that Earth people will be the race of people who will find the one final solution to ridding the universe of this Foe once and for all without the risk of a Big Bang.  When you consider the evolution time each new world born in the universe and survives the dark ages as things go.  It has been the Alliance Compact hope that given enough time, one civilization will reach that age of enlightenment where they will have the final solution to end the Foe’s terror in the Universe without restarting the cycle over again.  Our best estimate until we first imprisoned the Foe and with the knowledge the Library holds. There has been more then then 200 cycles ranging from Millions of years to Trillions uncountable years of the Big Bang over and over again.  Each cycle brings us closer to having that one race of beings who advance ahead of all the known knowledge of the Library.  It’s a daunting task Zeik, an endless task, but the Foe is timeless even when imprisoned, time continued to advance in the universe during his imprisonment in our favor.”
“Speaking of time, it is late even here in the Library and you have duties above in your observatory.  I am releasing phase two of Earths education, more of those bit and pieces of technology. Your paper was a start, now it is time to motivate someone else to have some enlightenment. By the way, where do you think, Einstein or Edison got his ideals from. A comic book.  Yes, Zeik, before your ask, it was the Library and a few telepathic dreams to nudge them in the right direction.  From Newton to Galileo to Goddard, a few dreams at night and all the bits and pieces fall in place. Even with earths mundane libraries of knowledge your civilization would still be back in the dark ages.  Minds need feeding and nurturing and the Librarian is a good provider of the fodder young minds need.”


Chapter 11
The Mad Brother


After my discussion with Cornelius, I got to thinking about some of the things he told me about the Foe.  From his link in the observatory to Library below he queried the main Database.
“Mandabe, this is Ziek, access all data related to the Foe.” Ziek asked of Mandabe. “Mandabe”  Is short for Main Database, and “Secdabe”,  was the Secondary Database, and the Master Database was “Masdabe”.  Nicknames Ziek named the 3 databases in the Library.  His desktop Database had its own personality, and Ziek decided that a nickname would match those personalities. Eventually he settled for an acronym, rather than try and fit the quirky personalities that often changed from week to week.
“Ziek, that information is restricted to the Master Database and only the Head Librarian can access that information.”  Mandabe stated.
Ziek sat there for a moment thinking of any backdoors he could find to get into the Master Database.  “Mandabe, access all data on Regal Nebula Minor starting from the time the Alliance was formed going backwards to the earlies known data on Regal Nebula Minor history.  Filter any public, or government information regarding colonies of Regal Nebula Minor during that time period. Then filter that information about any lost contact with any colonies from the oldest colony to the most recent colony leading up to the time the  Alliance was first formed.  Is that information restricted Mandabe?” Ziek asked.
“No Ziek, that information is general history of those timeframes requested.” Mandabe replied.
“Then process that data for me and send it to my observatory computer”. Ziek ordered.
“Ziek, a good portion of that data is not digitized into today’s formats.  You will have to visit the Library Archives to physically retrieve a hard copy.” Mandabe informed Ziek.
“What kind of Hard Copy Mandabe?  Ziek asked.
“Old books, tomes, printed newsprint of those era’s Ziek.”
“Let me guess, they are in Regalese of that era.”
“Yes, Ziek.  You will find a reader in the Archives that will allow you to translate any known universal language ever recorded in the Library.”
“Am I allowed to check out these books, tomes, and newsprint from the Archives?”
“No Ziek, they are in a stasis vault and can be not removed from the vault or they will decay into dust.”
“I see, well I guess I will have to go down to the archives and read them there. Ah, Mandabe, where are the archives.” Ziek asked.
“Level 0 Ziek.  You will have to wear a pressure suit as that level is 2 miles down from this level, which is a total of 10 miles from the surface.  You will put on the pressure suit found in the Red Elevator, then take the Red Elevator down.  Once you are in the pressure suit and it is sealed.  You will need to push the flashing red button on the elevators panel.  That Elevator will descend at 250 feet per 10 minutes. The Elevator will descend downward very slowly and for the next 3.5 hours to equalize the pressure in the elevator to match the pressure in the Vault.  Once the pressures are equalized you will have access to the vault. There you will find a motorized carriage enter the cab.  Once inside, you just need to type in the code Regal 4539, and it will take you to the room those items you requested are found.  Once in the room you will find a reading table and on the reading table a reader. You place the item under the reader, and it will allow you to read Regalese. The specific items you need will be tagged with a blinking light and can be moved over to the reading table.  I am obligated to warn you.  You have a 3-hour limit in the vaults as the pressure will begin to cause you harm.  Once you reenter the elevator much like a deep-sea diver must do, your ascent will be regulated, to depressurize and prevent the bends. A process that will require another 8 hours going up.  That would be 14.5 hours of Library time.  You are also limited to one visit per 30 days of Library time into the vaults and not recommended more then, 6 visit per year.”
“Thank you Mandabe, “ I shall schedule by visit for early evening tonight.  Is there anything I should prepare myself before pressurizing.”
“Yes, fast, at least 3 hours.  I recommend one of Cornelius’s health bars, it will maintain your metabolism.”
“Thank you, Mandabe.”
***
I have been in outer space and on a few planets where civilization ranged on the civilization scale 1-10, 10 being stay away too civilized or rather very aggressive civilization and will know what you are. Where one is cavemen, and to ignorant to understand what you really are, but will worship you as a God.  And there goes the whole don’t interfere with their natural development theory.  I have experienced some different atmospheres. Some that required breathers, and others that had some very strong gravity and you walk around like a monkey unable to stand up.  Some worlds were 100 percent Methane atmospheres, or the whole civilization was aquatic. But this trip to the Library Archives was very frightening to say the least.  Until my body got used to the pressure suit and the building pressure in the elevator, I would have enjoined walking around like a chimp. Eventually by the time, I reached the Archives, my body was adjusted to the pressure.  You certainly didn’t want to remove your helmet, as the elevator warned me that if I did, my head would explode like a frozen watermelon being dropped from 2 miles up and landing on a granite slap.   I took the voice on the elevator seriously.  I managed to get my bulking body on the carriage and programed my destination in. We crawled along like a snail in a hurricane.  Eventually we made it to the Regal Nebula Minor room.  Once inside it was easy to find the Books, Tomes and newsprints I requested.  I spread them all over the table and with the reader took the maximin time allotted to read as much as I could.  With only 20 minutes left I found 3 items that peaked my curiosity.  I had discovered that the reader had a copy feature and with the remaining time I had I copied the pages I needed and copied the rest of the material I had yet to read. The reader assisted me in flipping pages at a speed that was amazing. With all this recorded on a chip I returned the items back to their shelves. I suddenly realized I was acting like a real Librarian.  In fact, I was a Librarian.
By the time I got back to the elevator the time up alarm started, my 3 hours in the vault was up.  I got back into the elevator and pushed the up button.  I noticed there was a button that was labeled basement and asked the elevator if there was really a basement.  The voice of the elevator spoke up.
“Yes, Ziek there is, that button is locked out.  Only the Head Librarian can send the elevator to the basement. Where it will open a door to the outside pressures. The Library will be destroy.”
Not, thinking, I asked. “Will the Head Librarian have to be in the elevator to send it to the basement.”
“Really, Ziek. What do you take me for, a fool.” It was Cornelius.  “Did you find what you were looking for Ziek.”
“I am not sure Cornelius, still some unread material I copied on a chip.” I told him.
“Then I suggest you get your butt up here.  If you push the button that is says rest, a cot will lower down from the wall. Please rest, it will be easier on your ascend up.  I suggest you go right to bed when you arrive back here.  It will help you re-climate to the libraries atmosphere. Tomorrow you can finish your research on Regal Nebula Minor’s past.”
“Cornelius, why haven’t you been down here instead of me.”
“Sorry Ziek, my time in the Archives have exceeded the safety limit centuries ago.  I am afraid my two hearts would not take the pressure anymore, and like that Watermelon, they would burst.”
***
I slept for nearly 10 hours before I finally awoke.  It had to be around 4 a.m. before I crawled into bed feeling like a steam roller rolled over me.  When I awoke it was nearly 2 p.m.  I was thankful that today was the one day of the week that the observatory was closed to the public, and my interns where home.  After a very hot shower and a brunch, I retired to my office and inserted the chip into the Library’s computer link.  On my screen the file opened, and each page flashed by until the whole file was loaded, then went back to the first file recorded.  The reader had recorded the material into English as it had done for me when I read the material in the vault.  I asked my computer to filter out the anything not pertaining to my research. Then narrowed it down some more to relate the 3 clue items I had already found. Two hours later, I had some of the oldest recorded history of Regal Nebula Minor.  Most importantly, the one common factor was “The Foe” and its earliest mention in that timeframe. “Cornelius, I need access to those restricted data about the Foe, if I am going to be of any help in saving my planet, and the universe.” I asked.
“Ziek what have you found?”
“That depends on what you know Cornelius, and when was the last time you were in the vault and visited the Regal Nebula Minor room.”
“I regret I have never visited the room. What is down there in the room predates my time here. In fact, I am not even sure what is in that room that isn’t in our Master Database Ziek.”
“To Start Cornelius,  it is old dusty books, tomes, and newsprint dating back about to a period of around a 4 on the civilization scale of your home world. Even then Regal Nebula Minor was a very advanced civilization around about the time earth in its Dinosaur age.  I would say in comparison about 1400 years ahead of the movable press era here. Regal had a very long industrial age about 3,000 years, then it took a very fast leap into technology, advanced science and eventually space flight.  At the end of its industrial age, something happened that pushed the jump ahead beyond the natural evolution of industrial age to highly technical age.  Which I suspect was by the influence of the Library at that time. I am missing some pieces of the puzzle here. I need the restricted Data on the Foe to put this puzzle together or compare what I have found to what the restricted Data says.  I fear that your predecessors may have errored in not updating those hard copies for the master file.  Something is missing, a piece of the puzzle. I can’t be sure until I have looked over the restricted data.” Ziek pleaded.
“Masdabe, release the restricted Data banks on “The Foe” and Regal Nebula Minor to Ziek Jones voice commands and register the code words he assigns to his access.  Ziek when you ask Masdabe for that data, you will be instructed to give your own personal code word.  Chose it wisely. Keep me updated on your research.”
Cornelius’s face on the monitor faded and the Masdabe avatar appeared. “How may I help you Ziek?”
“Please allow me access to the “The Foe and Regal Nebula Minor data, code word Magdalene.”
“Please confirm code word.”
“Magdalene” I repeated.
“Access accepted and approved, please proceed, all restricted files are print and copy protected. To transfer a file to another terminal you must assign it another sub code word to your code word naming the location of the terminal you wish to transfer that data too.  Please provide your filters on command.”
I sat there in my office well into the evening hours, filtering the data to match what I had already discovered in the vaults.  I was right about one thing. It would appear no-one since putting those old books, tomes, and newsprints down in the vault, ever took the time to digitize the material.  There were some very large holes in the history of the Foe, and where it came from.  As I dug deeper in the restricted data I was getting the sense that someone wanted that kept a mystery.
***
“Cornelius what is that boy up to now, and why was he in the Vaults?”
“Tiberius, I thought, you were on your way back to Regal Nebula Minor.”
“You ordered me out of your Library, not to go back to Regal.”
“What are you up to Tiberius.” Cornelius asked of his brother.
“One could say the same of you Cornelius.  You know very well what I am talking about. The Alliance compact does not want what is hidden down in the vault to come to the light of day.  
Sending that boy down there won’t stop the Foe from coming here.  Did he go anywhere near that room Cornelius.” Tiberius asked.  
“What room are you speaking about Tiberius?”
“Don’t play games with me sibling.”
“Yes he did Tiberius.”
“You fool.  You know the punishment for letting him into that room.”
“I certainly do, the same punishment you got for entering that room.  If I recall you admitted you deliberately entered that room with the purpose of unveiling that hidden knowledge. All you had to do was say it was a mistake, you took a wrong turn.  No, you sought out that room for the sole purpose of finding what was forbidden by the Elders of Regal Nebula Minor council.
“Yes, Cornelius I did, and so have you defied the elders.”
“Wrong Tiberius.  I haven’t defied the Elders.  Nor did I go into that room and find that which is hidden in that room.  And I certainly didn’t ask Ziek to go there for that very purpose. In fact, I have no proof he went into the room.  I didn’t even know he was down there until after he was on his way back up to the Library.  Not until he asked the elevator about the basement button.  That sent all kinds of warnings off. The same warnings I am sure alerted you as well.”
“Yes, they did Cornelius.  That does not excuse you for violating the elders restrictions.”
“Oh, I don’t know. If I had to answer for everything my assistant Librarian did wrong here, I would not be the Head Librarian for long.  He’s young and still learning the ropes around here. As for anything he may have wanted in the vault in general was his right, he is a Librarian here.  I am no longer able to go down there, as you very well know.  I may not have sent him down there this time, but I would have eventually needed to get something. It is a part of his training to know every inch of this Library. As for that particular room, I have no knowledge he went in there, neither do you. 
“You think you are being clever brother.  Just wait until I get back to Regal Nebula Minor and I report this to the Elders of the Council. I will let them decide if you disobeyed them.
“By the time you do that, and get back here, I will no longer be the Librarian.  Ziek will be.  And what are they going to do brother. Fire me from the Library on your word alone.  Remember, the Elders may have given you leave to come here and check up on me and my new choice to replace me.  They I assure you don’t trust you as fall as they can through you into the nearest Black Hole.  They might have banned you from the council, but you and your followers are still trouble makers with your alternative theories about the Foe.  If we had followed your theories, we would not have finally imprisoned “The Foe” in the Time Rift.” Cornelius reminded his brother.
“And look where that got us Cornelius. The Foe is out and loose again in the universe.”
“You knew and the Alliance knew it was only a temporary imprisonment. There was no guarantee’s it would keep the Foe imprisoned.  It gave us some time to find a final solution to end the Foe’s terror once and for all, without ending the universe in a final bang, and starting everything over again.”
“Have we found that solution brother.” Tiberius asked.
“No and Yes, Tiberius. We are a much older universe, and our Alliance has grown as well as our technology and science. Have Faith brother, we will find that final solution in time.” Cornelius stated.
“Faith will get us nowhere Cornelius. Just like that faith we held to believing the Time Rift would keep the Foe from escaping. If the elders of the Alliance had listen to me, we might not be facing this situation now.”
“Tiberius. Listen to yourself, “We might not be facing this situation now.” Even you have doubts in your theories. At least we believed and knew it was only a temporary imprisonment. We have since been very pro-active in finding that final solution, while you and your followers have stuck on this one ancient theory with so many holes in it, it looks like a piece of Swiss Cheese they have here on Earth. Full of holes and only good for melting on a hamburger.”
“Cornelius, I haven’t time for your colloquialism.  Might or maybe, we may still have to try that ancient theory if all else fails.” Tiberius stated.
“I for one will not allow that to happen Tiberius. Why do you think I am retiring early from the Library.  I need to be back in Regal Nebula Minor to prevent you from convincing the Alliance elders from making a big mistake.”
“Fine, have it your way brother.  Just keep that boy out of that room, you hear me.”
Tiberius you protest too much, one would believe you know something you shouldn’t know, or want kept hidden. What are you not telling me? In fact, how did you even know the Foe was heading to this Solar System in the first place, when you were here checking up on the boy.  The Code Red Data alert was sent after you left Regal?”
“Cornelius, keep that boy out of that room.  I am about to pass Neptune and will be out of range.  I haven’t the time to return into range to keep up this conversation.  Keep that boy out of that room.” Tiberius voice faded away as he passed Neptune where his communicator could no longer reach the Library on a direct beam to earth.. Cornelius sat there in his den, wondering what Tiberius was hiding from his own visit from that room in the vaults so long ago.
“Cornelius, why does that man want to keep me out of the Vault?” Ziek asked.
“How long have you been standing there Ziek?”
“Long enough to now Tiberius, whoever he is, he does not want me to go down to the Vault, or in that that Room. Which room is that Cornelius.”
“I do believe by brother Tiberius is a bit paranoia Ziek. Strike that, he is more than paranoid.  He is an egomaniac who has a lot of followers who follow his madness, and he thrives on it.  As for why he does not want you to go into that Room.  Well, he is too late to prevent that. Just don’t tell him that Ziek.  I don’t think he would let you live, and don’t ask me why.  He was the only person I know who has been in that room against the Elders of Regal Nebula Minor council and the Alliance edict, until you.  He was banished from the Library for his punishment.  If it weren’t for our family being a first family in our society, Tiberius would have been imprisoned for life, or executed for going into that room. Ziek, 
“Will this council of Elders want to execute me for being in that room.” Ziek was worried.
“Don’t worry Ziek. Tiberius’s transgression was an era ago.  Council and Alliance politics have changed since then.  In fact, unless, Tiberius really does complain, he is going to find that the Council and Alliance will sit there asking themselves what room and why you don’t want this boy going into it.  I assure you they have forgotten anything about this room or even the vault in general. Tiberius is going to open up a can of worms he wish he didn’t.  When they ask why and what is in that room, I am afraid Tiberius will back off, and refuse to say anything more. Just like he did moments ago when I challenged him.  Which will only peak the councils interest as to what is in that room outside of a few old ancient books, tomes, and newsprint.”
“Cornelius, do you know what is in that room?”
“No, I do not, why do you think I allowed you to go down there.” Cornelius confessed.
“I see, well, I know what it is Tiberius does not want others to know. Do you want to know?”
“I am not sure Ziek, but if it will help fight the Foe, I must know.”
“Masdabe, give me access, code word Magdalene, subfile Regal Nebula Minor Star date, Post Industrial age, 4,548 RNM, summary.  It is a very short summary Cornelius, you will find that at the end of your planets Industrial age, some 465 years into its technological age.  A scientist named Julius Romulus-Regal was experimenting on a new energy source on a small planetoid outside of Regal Nebula Minors planetary range. At the time, his follow scientists where alarmed at the experiments and the shotty safeguards in place.  Something went wrong, and that planetoid was destroyed, vaporized, and in its place, there was a living energy force that moved away from Regal Nebula Minor system out into the neighboring system.  Regal Nebula Minor did not yet have extra-stellar flight at that time, just interstellar flight.   This planetoid was at the limit of that interstellar flight. This energy force was the birth of the Foe, Cornelius.  It was not a product of the first Big Bang.  It was a construct of that accident, created by a Regalese scientist carelessness. Your elders at that time, decided to wipe the history of this accident from the public knowledge and this was before the Foe started feeding on living planets. It wasn’t until Regal Nebula Minor centuries later started reaching out to other systems, did they learn about the Foe and its hunger.  By that time, the origin of this Foe was forgotten, and that information sealed away in the Library by the then current Librarian.  There is something else I discovered in that room Cornelius, a letter from a Librarian predating that accident.  It is a letter of confession that it was his manipulation of this scientist dreams that led the scientist to experiment on this new energy source based on the Librarians manipulations of his dreams.  The Letter ends with this last massage. “I have been in error giving out faulty information, because I failed to fact check the data in the Library.  It would appear this energy source was never proven to be safe to create, and it's original  experiments where ended before it went out of control.  I fear the Foe as it is called now, traveled to that home world where this energy source was first experimented on.  That world did not survive the feeding.  Cornelius the First originally of Regal Nebula Minor.” Ziek ended his summary.
Cornelius sat there at his desk stunned.  The Alliance has been told a lie for millenniums,  believing that the Foe was a natural entity a result of the Big Bang.  Their own ancestor was the creator of this energy and the elders of that time buried that information.  Cornelius realized that if this Foe were man made then there is no reason why man could not destroy this Foe without the risk of destroy the whole Universe.  Cornelius began to wonder what other lies were told about the Foe. Was it all theory and not fact, that this Foe would destroy the universe in another Big Bang.  One lie leads to another and before you know it, there is no truth left to believe.
‘Ziek, do you have the name of that world where this energy source was first experimented on?”
“Yes, Cornelius, but I am afraid that Cornelius the First had very little to offer on that original data he relied on.  Masdabe has been busy digging into his memory banks for any mention of this data.  I fear I may have to go back to the vault and look for any hard copy of this data.  Maybe more information can be found in that room.  Will Tiberius be alerted if I return to that room.”
“If he is, then he as lied to me and is still in this solar system and within range of the Libraries communication system.  But I would not worry about that for now.  You can’t return to the Vault until at least another 26 days Library time.  Hopefully, Masdabe will find that data in his memory.  Until then, I believe I should do a little reconfiguration of our Alarm systems here at the Library.  My brother despite his banishment does seem to have too much knowledge of our day-to-day operations.  He can’t physically enter the Library.  He just needs to be within Mars orbit to be in range for his communication systems to tap into the Libraries communication system at a deep level to get past our security measures.  Anything past Neptune and he is too far away for that deeper scan.  If he is returning home, then we have about 100 years your time before he can return to Mars orbit to spy on us.  Unless, he has a listening post there with a long- range light speed communication tower.  If I were him, I would. Ziek I need you to take a little side trip to Mars and find that communication center. There is a little Jammer satellite that you can deploy to put a stop to his spying. While you are doing that, I need to figure out why Tiberius does not want us to know what you found in the vault.  Why would he not want us to know this truth, and how does it benefit him or his followers.  Get moving Ziek, you will find that jammer in the satellite room.  Ask Mandabe for the inventory number and get back here as soon as you can.
After Ziek left for Mars, Cornelius sat down at his computer and asked Masdabe to access the History of Cornelius the First. Cornelius came upon the Diary that Ziek mention and after two hours of reading he came to the missing page of the diary that Ziek found in the Vault. “Masdabe, who was the last person to access this diary and when.”
“Last person to access this diary was Tiberius Regal, assistant Librarian, the access date has been erased on the Secondary Database by Tiberius. Cornelius when this data was closed. As you know there is a backup on my Database for every deleted item request made on the Secdabe, or the Mandabe data.”
“What is the date of the request that this data be opened.”  
“That request was on the Ninth month of the 29th day in the earth year 1759.” Masdabe replied.
“Masdabe, would you do a forensic search of that date and time and let me know what other data Tiberius asked for either by code word or through a general request of all Databases.”
“How do you wish to receive that report Cornelius.
“Please earmark it as a high priority restricted file under the keywords Tiberius slash Foe slash Letter slash Cornelius the First.  And send a copy to Zieks desk,  I will read it now while Ziek is on his way to Mars.
***
“Cornelius, long range scanners have picked up an unfamiliar energy force entering the Milky Way.” Masdabe reported.
“Access restricted file, Foe/Energy signature, compare each anomalies and report back to me.”
“Cornelius, it is confirmed the Foe has entered our system, it appears to have shrunken some by 65 percent since last recorded.”
“Mandabe, set aside Library resources to monitor the progress of the Foe, report every 3 days when that signature increases by 1.5 percent or greater.  Give location and distance from earth in that report. Earmark any increases over 5 percent as priority report on the hour of that increase. Wake me if you get any 5 percent increases.  Take note of any changes in count of stars, planets or moons in the vicinity of the Foe. Project the Foe’s path and alert me if there are any inhabited planets, planetoids, Moons, or artificial stations in its path. Report distance from and to such targets and time frame when it will arrive.  Alert all civilized planets with space travel to evacuate away from the Foe or give aid to neighbors when the Foe fails to turn away or change course.  Open up Restricted file, Foe/evac/timeframe it will give you the guidelines for warning these civilizations.  Mandabe, rely on the emergency alert rescue planet guidelines response and alerts program. The Foe is unstable and will not communicate with anyone or can’t.  Treat it as an uncooperative hostile with only one intention and that is to blindly feed on a planets lifeforce without remorse.  There is also a special alert signal to give out to all Alliance member worlds, that you will find in restricted files, Foe/Alliance/Alert, send that signal out ASAP, and pass a copy of all reports and updates to these Alliance worlds. Activate the emergency communication generators so you will have the power to send these reports and alerts.  That is all we can do for now.”


 Chapter 12
Prediction of Doom


“Ziek tell me that you found an unauthorized communication center on Mars?” Cornelius asked Ziek when he reported in he was on his way back from Mars.
“Yes, I did and more Cornelius.  It would seem it is manned, and not an automated center.  There is at least a team of two dozen Regalese in the Communication Center, four 6-man extra-stellar crafts that my computer recognized from the registration beacon belonging to a Regal Nebula Minor group known for its Anti-Alliance faction.  I bet you can guess who is the leader of that group.” Ziek hinted.
“Tiberius, my brother Ziek.”
“You got that right Cornelius, and I bet you can’t guess as to why they are there, outside of spying on us.” Ziek asked.
“Something tells me, you did more than just plant a communication Jammer in Mars orbit Ziek.”
“That I did, I took time to do a bit of snooping around myself. It would seem they are not watching their backdoor or there front door.  I was able to land beyond there horizon and took a land rover over during their sleep cycle and planted that rock.  I wanted to try out a new gadget I was working on modeled after a device from the Alpha-quadrant Techno planet database.  With a camouflage feature, I planted it on the ground next to their communication array attached to their Center. If anyone looks it just another Mars rock in place of the one I vaporized to dust.  It is sending a copy of  everything they send out to Regal Nebula Minor down to the Library.  I did put the Jammer in orbit with a few tweaks of my own.  It allows there outgoing signals to Regal Nebula Minor, while anything coming from Regal Nebula Minor will be copied and sent to us. My rock also monitors the conversations in the communication center, so I got some very interesting information first hand before I left Mars Orbit. Back at my ship I listened into their conversations and learned that they are there not only to spy on us, but to raid the Library Vault, I bet you can’t guess which room they plan on entering.”
“Oh, my dear boy, I certainly can guess which room that is. The Regal Nebula Minor room.
“Wrong Cornelius, it is the room devoted to one planets history, a planet in the Omega-quadrant.  The Planet Omegon.” Ziek informed Cornelius.
“Did you say Omegon Ziek?
“Yes I did Cornelius, why do you know of it.”
“Only since 3 hours ago Ziek. While you were having fun on Mars,  I did some more research on the restricted database.  It would seem the Librarian mention in your research about the faulty data he sent out to that scientist in his dream originated from Omegon. I found his diary in Masdabes memory and it details more regarding that page if his diary you found. Also, that Tiberius read that diary too, and removed that page you found.  Most likely it he is who left it in the Regal Nebula Minor room in the Vault.  Deliberately, or unintentional. We may never know. The Alarm system at that time  in the room alerted me to someone being in that room unauthorized.  He was alerted by the alarms in that room  and left before he could remove it most likely.  One reason he didn’t want you or anyone in that room to find it. As for the Omegon room, I have been assured that its contents have been digitalized long before Tiberius was ever in the vaults, and Masdabe can retrieve anything we need.  I have already set some search parameters on the Omegon data.  By the time you get back here, and I suggest as fast as you can, I shall have more to tell you.” 
“While you were on Mars jogging around the landscape vaporizing rocks.  Not to mention taking a huge risk.  We have our first report of the Foe entering the furthest regions of the Milky Way.  I have already activated our readiness programs, and alerts.  Masdabe is as we speak sending out warnings to the Alliance planets even those not it its path.  Latest update say’s, unless it suddenly takes on an enormous feeding frenzy. We have 200 of your earths years to get earth ready for its doom.  That gives us in Library time, give or take 2800 years.  Which in the scheme of things really isn’t a lot of time to come up with a way to stop this monster. We better hope that the Planet Omegon left some details about their failed and faulty research. There lies our only hope Ziek in stopping the Foe.  As for Tiberius plans to raid the Library Vault, he will find a few surprises since he was last there.  I have installed biometric sensors that can detect any Regalese entering the Red elevator, we have two hearts, and breath out a by-product of our lungs filtering earth air. The Biometric sensors will detect any Regalese within a mile of the Library outside as well as inside the Red elevator, one reason why I can’t go down to the Vault anymore.  It excludes me from going to the vault.  I have programed it only to recognize your specific biometrics unique to you as a human.  Tiberius or any of his men, Regalese or other off-worlder will give us plenty of warning to take action. Security will give them one warning only, then vaporize the lot.”
“Ziek, you would kill your own brother?”
“And he would do the same Ziek, if he had the chance.  Regalese brotherhood and sisterhood isn’t known for its harmonious relationships.  It is all about millenniums of culture which makes us rivals with our siblings in all things.  If not for the fact that our governing bodies ban siblings working together, nothing would get done, and the Alliance of worlds would never have come to be, and the Foe imprisoned.  Enough about our sibling rivalries on Regal Nebula Minor Ziek.  Get your, butt back here boy.
***
“Ezekiel Jeremiah Jones, I have been calling you for the last two days, where have you been?” Ziek’s mother demanded on the phone.
“Sorry, mother, I have been very busy with a new discovering, I am naming it the Ezekiel Jeremiah Jones Anomaly, EJJA.  It’s a phenomenal anomaly in space that showed up at out of nowhere on the other side of our galaxy from our sun.  It appears to be an energy field of sorts, moving so slow at first I thought it was stationary, then it took a jump through space for about 10 million miles, the stopped at a crawl again.  Until it moved no one else on earth spotted it. It spans the distance of about twice the distance from earth to our Moon, and it is depth is 10 times that distance.  Several known planets inside that anomaly have gone dark.  Nothing is coming out of the anomaly, no space noise what so ever.  Yet, it is not a Black Hole. Black Holes don’t move around space, and its gravity well pull objects into it, not move to them. The anomaly is crackling with energy, like one universe sized lighting field.  Like a swarm of a Trillion lighting bugs blinking off and on.  They are not planets or stars moving, too small for that. Then as others and I tried to plot its course it shifted by 300,000 miles to the right.  Which would be like a small minivan taking a sudden turn around the corner.  It’s fantastic mother, nothing before has ever been seen in the universal like it.  It appears to be moving like a raft in a stormy sea tossed from here to here.  Then it stops and takes a rest.” Ziek explained to his mother.
“That sounds amazing, but you promised to take some time off and spend some time with me in Florida since I retired.  I miss you Ziek.” Ziek mother reminded him.
“Sorry, mother, since I got this contract with the government to utilize my new software, I have been very busy with the limited time I have access to the Humble Generation 10 telescope just beyond the Moon. My software made it possible for me to be the first to spot this anomaly before anyone else did.  In the last 48 hours, my findings have been confirmed by the best astrophysicist in the world. There’s talk of a Noble Prize for my discovery.”
“Ezekiel Jones, how many Noble Prizes do you need in one life time.” His mother asked.
“Mother it isn’t the honor’s I need, but the money that comes with it.  How else can I afford my research, the staff to support that research, and put at least one meal a day on my table.”
“Speaking of one meal a day, I saw you on television last week, and you are as thin as a bone boy.”
“Really, mother, I was joking about one meal a day,  I do manage to get two and take my vitamins and supplements. Then there is all those receptions I must attend and the meals they serve.  I guess I am like Dad, he could eat a horse daily, and not gain a pound.  I keep very active with my research, and if I look all bone and no fat it is because of that.”
“Ziek, a mother has a right to complain, you are turning 32 soon, and well, I am not getting any younger either. On that note, why haven’t you married some assistant researcher and given me a smarter grandchild.” Ziek’s mother complained. 
“Mother we have been over this before, I am not ready for a family, nor a relationship.  I am sorry but my work comes first.  If you must know, I do find time to have few dalliances once in a while, but I am not looking to settle down. If you want smarter grandchildren, I suppose I could adopt, oh about a dozen, but you would have to take care of them.  I wouldn’t have the time to nurture them as a parent should.
“Thats not funny Ziek.  I mean not having time to nurture a child or saddling me with 12 grandchildren while you study the stars.  One would be enough on summer breaks, and holidays.”
“Now mother, even one grandchild would not satisfy you. And I wouldn’t want to have just one anyways. When I am ready.”
“Ziek don’t wait too long, you won’t live forever you know.” If only Ziek’s mother knew that as the Head Librarian, he would have a very long life beyond humans current lifespan.
“I know mother, listen, I will try to get down to Miami soon, I promise. In fact, I may be in the neighborhood as it is.  There is a conference coming up at NASA about this new discovery.  I will make sure to spend some time with you before the conference.  I promise Mother. I have got to go and put the finishing touches on my paper for NASA, and the World Astrophysics Council.  And I will think about that adoption, seriously, maybe I should give it some serious consideration, so there will be a next generation of Jones running around.  Maybe have a child by surrogacy, so my genius gene’s will be passed on.”
“Frankly Ziek, I am not sure where you got those genius genes of yours.  Unless some alien from another planet gave them to you.”  If only Ziek mothers really knew how close to the truth she was.”
“Bye mother, I love you and have fun in the sun, maybe you will find some handsome retired gentlemen widower with a dozen grandchildren.”
“There this one gentlemen in the retirement village that has been eying me.”
“Go for it mother, really, I got to go, need a bathroom break.” Ziek hung up on his mother.
“Ziek, you must forgive me, I have been amiss about your biological needs to Father an offspring. That idea of a surrogate mother would certainly take care of that need.  Though it has been known that many of the Librarians before me have had a family here in the Library.  It’s rare, but not forbidden.  If you decide, it means that your mate would have to accept the responsibility of being the wife of the Librarian and live in the Library raising a family.  It’s a commitment one does not take likely.  Such a child have replaced there parent as Librarian before.  So, give it some thought Ziek. Truly, you will need to have something more than your work outside the Library and inside the Library.  Just don’t try to separate the two worlds and have a family outside the Library. As you will age so slowly while in the Library, while their years will go by fast. And before you know it, they will be gone, and you will still look a young man that is a 1000 years old.  It is the curse of trying to have both worlds.  If you choose to have a family, bring them into the Library where they can grow young together with you.” Cornelius explained.
“Cornelius, did you make that choice.” Ziek asked.
“No, I did not Ziek, but that doesn’t mean you can’t.”
“Cornelius, I have been thinking of late, about my mother. Though she is only 58 years of age.  If I were to bring her into the Library, would I be able to keep her 58 years young forever.”
“Yes, Ziek, but I am afraid that at 58 now, her body is already dying. It’s molecular change that has already started that process all humans go through.  You would only delay the process maybe another hundred years. .  But you would notice her aging just the same.  In time you would have to watch her die.  As for you, because of the age you were when I brought you into the Library, that molecular change was stopped before it could start. Eventually even you must remain in the Library full time when your years outside reach the notice of other’s where you cannot explain why you are 110 and look only 32.  And when you look 250, and still look like 32, you risk revealing why that is so. In time even the average human life span will reach 150 or more,  while you would still look 32.  I sorry boy in time you will have to plan your own funeral and that is a rarity when you can set in the back row and count how many people show up.”
“If by chance the Library needs to relocate while you are its Librarian. The same isolation would apply, unless you are lucky to find yourself on a colony world of humans by that time.  Even still, by the time you reach my age, living outside the Library you would revert back to your normal aging process and have little time to enjoy retirement, as it will be for me eventually. There is a limit to how much the Libraries Time Containment field can preserve you and that includes Suspended Animation cycles.” Cornelius explained.
“Thank you Cornelius, it is good to know what to expect in the next 2,000 years or more.  Though I know that the time will come that I will have to deal with my mother’s passing. I shouldn’t expect to have it any other way just because I am the Librarian.”
“There is one option Ziek, and that is pushing up the timeframe for releasing some of the Libraries advanced Medical data, that could give your mothers lifespan and her generation a bit longer time here on earth.  Mostly, regarding deceases, and slowing down the aging process even by 3 percent can add 20 years. Even that much would give your elders a healthier lifespan past 100 without the decay of the body and mind or early death by decease. I will ask Masdabe to tweak that agenda, I do have some leeway here, and while we are doing that I will add a bit more technological advancements into the right people’s minds.  You are going to face a hard uphill battle at that conference next month as it is, trying to convince your peers that this anomaly is a threat to earth if it should suddenly head this way. Thank the deities of the universe that it is a very slow anomaly given the distance it has to get here.  That has always been the Foe’s one weakness, how slow it can travel after a feeding, and then it has burst of speed the larger it gets , then slows down again expending that energy, Ziek.”
“Cornelius, how many Deities are there in the Universe?” Ziek asked.
“Well, let me think here. As an Astrophysicist of earth. How many worlds out there have the possibility of life, and as the Librarian, you know how many that is. That is how many Deities there are out there. And I assure you many are not very friendly and just as many have been debunked as frauds, and a few are the imagination of some very young civilizations still in the stone ages.  Then there are a few that you can’t explain away with science Ziek.  In fact, the creation stories you find in earth’s history, are just as prevalent in other worlds.  It seems it is a common factor,  myths or real in just about every civilization in the universe, alive today or dead civilization.  It all boils down to how your faith in a God, molds your civilization and creates stability in societies from heathen societies to advanced civilizations that are 100,000 years old. It is an interesting subject Ziek and I hope the Foe gives us time to have long hours of debate in front of a warm fireplace drinking hot cocoa with those mini marshmallows I like. Until then, I believe we both have our agenda’s to complete before I leave you in charge of the Library and head back to Regal Nebula Minor to confront my brother, and the Alliance.  I am not sure which I would rather deal with first.
***
“Ziek, in 24 hours Library time you will awake from your sleep. You will have total control of the Library, its Secondary and Main Databases, and restricted Data and whatever lies in the Master Database.  When you awake, you will find a data disk on your desk.  It is your temporary restricted access codes from low restrictions to high restrictions, and everything in between.  When you touch it, it will register your biometric data to give you access.  You have only need insert the disk at the master terminal for Masdabe, follow the instructions Masdabe gives you to transfer your voice, fingerprints, and Biometric data as the official Head Librarian.  When you awake, you will discover you are lying in a capsule.  It is a special capsule that will have recorded everything about your Brain wave patterns, your heart beat, your blood type, and the very breath you breath and the micro-bio particles that are unique to you and in your, breath.  In that capsule every hair on your body will be counted, and every pore of your skin.  You will have been mapped, from head to toe with the most advanced medical technology known in the universe right down to your DNA and every atom in your body.”  
“This will be recorded and stored in the Master Database for future retrieval and used to verify your identity for security reasons. Your passport to travel the Universe as the Head Librarian.  Once this is done, you will be the Librarian, and you will know things about this Library, I have not told you.  Your telepathic abilities have always been exceptional for a human. Your telepathic abilities will be ten-fold better when you leave that capsule.  If you were a Regalese, it would be a 1000 times better.  While in that capsule during your sleep you will have been poked and prodded and injected with serums that will make you immune to any know decease in the universe that has an immunity.  All this will take in reality 24 hours of Library time, though when you awake it will only seem like 24 minutes.”
“I have packed my personal belongings, fueled my personal Extra-stellar craft, and on my way to Regal Nebula Minor and will do what I can to convince the Alliance council that what we once thought we knew about the Foe, is wrong and why.  I expect my brother will stand his grounds and insist I am wrong and that my Data is a fabrication of mine.  Your job Ziek will be to have a breakthrough in what we have learned from the Omegon data and continue the program of pushing earths technology at a faster pace than originally planned.  I will not be here to advice you on how fast or slow you should go on that agenda.  I leave that up to you in knowing what is best in preparing this planet either for its destruction or it survival.  Ziek, understand that my trip back home will take me in your earth time 150 years.  I could travel faster, but that is impossible for me at my real age and I must rely on Suspended Animation for the whole trip.  Any faster speed in that mode of travel has its risks, as I must still have some ability to deal with any obstacles in my path. That the automated flight system may not handle in time.  You will have at best 75 years to prepare earth and keep a very close eye on the Foe’s progress.  I am sorry in advance for putting you asleep without your knowledge and putting you in that capsule. I am sorry we will not be able to say goodbye to each other.  It is for the best and to be honest a tradition of the outgoing Librarian.  I regret that you will not see me again as my life span is near its end and I shall have limited time on Regal Nebula Minor when I return.  I have confidence you will do your best and make your planet proud of you. Sadly, they will never know. When you awake you will understand why. Goodbye Ziek.”
***
It has been nearly 50 earths years since I awoke from that capsule. When I awoke, I remember only Cornelius last instructions to me while I slept in that capsule.  My enquiry to Masdabe confirmed what I already felt deep in my heart.  Cornelius was already light years away and on his way home. And now a 100 years closer to home.  As I sat in my observatory, reflecting on the past, I am preparing for yet another conference at NASA. This time I am presenting a paper to support the latest development by a team of scientist who have in the last 50 years, been working on the latest revolution in Aerospace engineering, Mechanical engineering, Electronic engineering, Avionics and Communication.  All related to Spaceflight and sending a Manned mission beyond Saturn at the reduced speed of light to reach Saturn in 6 months. The agenda is to increase that speed in in 25 years to reach Saturn in 3 months, and in another 20 years one month.  By then Earth space travel technology would have jumped 80 percent with Suspended Animation allowing for further distances at longer times.  
Exponentially, Earth would progress on its own, and by the Libraries agenda, would have reached the end of the Milky Way in less than 100 years at its fastest speed.  Though not at the speed Cornelius would have reached at 10,000 times the distance to his home world in 150 years.  Along with those advancements in Space flight, earth advanced in all areas of science from Chemistry, Physics, Mathematics and technology that brought the planet into a time where it reversed the climate change crisis, eliminated the use of all carbon fuels, and increased humanities lifespan by 70 years where the average person lived to be 150 years. World population was monitored closely to balance out the birthrate with the increased lifespan. As for the Political and constant conflicts between nations, nothing changed much in that area, except for the poverty level and 3rd world nations becoming 2nd world nations, and second world nations becoming 1st world nations.  And 1st world nations still controlled everything.  Nothing truly changed and I still had to deal with egotistical maniacal politicians, and narrow-minded scientists.  
My trip to NASA, was uneventful.  These days, I used a flying cab instead of my own space craft san’s morphing car. The skyways have become very crowded even with autonomous guiding systems that kept the Flying cab safe in the airways from collisions.  The polluting airplane was phased out 30 years ago, when Flying cabs, Flying buses, and Personal flying cars took their place. With the latest in gravitational suspended tube transportation across landmasses moved people, cargo, and animal at speeds that cut coast to coast transits of people and goods down to 1-2 days rather than 10 days. This technology was applied to oceanic travel, where earth’s natural pull of gravity and artificial repulser’s, kept these large vessels at sea in safe set distances above  the water even in the storm ridden Atlantic and other regions of seaways subjected to such seasonal storms and fluctuations in the seas created by the moons gravitational pull.  All it took was just one constant dream being fed to a one man, who made a very large leap forward in gravitational science.  In less than 20 years the carbon burning engine was obsolete and even the electric engine was fading away when you consider  the speed factor of the gravitational force that moved people on the ground, in the air, and over water.. The one thing I did not want to take a leap in technology was the personal spacecraft, Like I have been using for the last 68 years. I still need my morphing technology to be my ace in the hole when I traveled in the Upper atmosphere of earth, or to the nearest planet.  My conference to NASA, would change that dynamic, on a bigger scale then my little runabout to Mars.  
I must pause here and relate you the events that followed a few Library years after Cornelius retired.  I was in my observatory when an alarm went half in my head that the Library was being intruded on. I had been expecting that intrusion for some days now since my last report from Mandabe, related to me Tiberius men on Mars were in their last stages of preparation to leave Mars and invade the Library.  I had figured that they would wait to make sure Cornelius had differently left the Library for good.  I had put the Library on high alert that week and put in place Cornelius’s security measures he had designed with a few additions of my own.  When the 4 spacecrafts arrived in the middle of the night, they were given the sense that the Library defenses where shut down.  With outdated codes provided by Tiberius, that still allowed them to access the hidden underground spaceport hanger.  Twenty men disembarked from the crafts dressed in High Atmosphere pressure suits leaving behind one Regalese per ship, to guard the ships.  Believing they had the upper hand, they stormed the main level of the Library and headed for the Red Elevator. 
A predetermined team of two entered the Red Elevator , put their helmets on and as one reached out to hit the door close button both men where vaporized right in front of the 18 men outside the elevator. You can’t believe what I witnessed as the 18 men argued what they were going to do next. One man who appeared to be the leader of the group tried to convince two other men of the group to enter the elevator.  They bulked and ran, didn’t get far when they froze trapped in gravity field.  As the other 16 scattered, one by one they were trapped in a gravity field.  The four guards in the underground spaceport, where alerted by the last man to get trapped.  Each one entered their ship and prepared to take off.  Their ships failed to start their engines as another nullifying field surrounded each ship.  I had 22 Regalese prisoners locked up in a make shift brig with a force field preventing them from leave the brig. Even when warned to stay away from the force field 4 men failed to heed my warning.  They reach out to grab the bars and their hand up to their elbow were vaporized when then touched the force field.  
After that the other 18 remaining men sat down and settled in for my interrogation.  I didn’t expect to get much except what I already knew, who was behind this invasion of the Library.  They were, shocked to learn that I knew who they were, where they came from and that Tiberius was their leader. What I wanted and needed to know was what they wanted in the Library vault. All I got was they were to destroy everything in the Regal Nebula Minor history room and in the Omegon room in the vault.  Leave and return to Mars, to continue their monitoring of the Library and report back to Tiberius while he was in route back to Regal Nebula Minor.  It would seem Tiberius promised them they could ransack the library’s treasure rooms, where they would be very rich Regalese when they returned home.  I reminded the men that they saw what happened to the two in the Red Elevator.  The treasure room was equally dangerous as soon as one item left its secured niche, whoever was standing in that treasure room would be vaporized just as the two in the Red Elevator.  I asked them if Tiberius told them that bit of nasty news. I assured them it wasn’t the latest security measure but a standard feature of the Treasure room even he knew about when he was an assistant Librarian here.  Then I dropped the final curtain on them. The Red Elevator was programed to monitor the biometrics of a Regalese two heart beats and his breath.  When they stepped into the elevator they would be vaporized as soon as someone touched the door close button and not before. I told them that was a trap set my Cornelius if Tiberius was to ever return to the Library and enter the Red Elevator to the Vaults below.  They were doomed men the moment they landed on earth, as I expected them from the time I planted a listening device on their communication array two earth years ago and been monitoring them as they were monitory me.  As to what to do with them, I suggested that they leave this solar system as fast as they can before I change my mind and vaporize the lot of them right where they sat.  It didn’t take time for them to agree.  Before I let them back on their ships, I had Mandabe, adjust their navigations system, and communication system to let them believe they were heading back to Regal Nebula Minor.  Instead, in time they would realize they were heading toward a prison planet and when on approach a full disclosure of their invasion of the Library would be revealed in full colorful detail.  Even if they managed to recorrect their navigation they would be wanted men across the universe before they could stop the communication reaching the prison planet.  It would appear I was Lawman, Prosecutor, Judge, and Jury and if needed Executioner, as the Library was recognized as a sovereign nation where ever it was located in the Universe. 
***
After the brief invasion of the Library, I spent the next 54 earth years preparing earth for its next jump in technology. The goal was to reach the Foe, before it reached earth.  My part in this was supporting a research expedition to the Foe and with the Libraries agenda to advance that technology, it was my hope to see this happen sooner than later. While I could still make the journey as a 100-year-old Astrophysicist and before I would have to segregate myself behind the scenes hiding out in the Library.  I had at least until my 120 birthday before people started talking about how young I was still looking.  At 86, I was looking not a day over 32 in the Library. When out among humanity I used a very clever device that after one hour under its influence I could age myself to my actual earth age.  It had its limitations on how many times I could use it, as it would take longer and longer under its influence to accomplish even 72 hours of looking like an old man.  I have since Cornelius left for Regal Nebula Minor.  Creating a persona of a recluse seldom accepting invitations to conferences or social events in person.  When at all possible it was teleconferences with my hologram arriving at the conferences.  A hologram I can manipulated my appearance by computer at the comfort of my observatory or in the Library.  In time, even I must pass on in to obscurity and become a chapter in the history books of earth. That is if the Foe isn’t stopped first.  I was prepared with several aces in my hand, just had to continue to stack the deck with more aces.
***
I have done the impossible, though not that impossible given the longer lifespan humans now enjoy without the risk of decease and dementia.  Though not all deceases have been cured, many have been treatable much like Diabetes was. What has made a difference is the pre-screening of cancer which has made it possible for the detection of cancers at the earliest age possible, as young as 1 year.  With that early detection based on the advancement of Genetic research breakthroughs, the most deadly cancers have been detected long before they appeared based on the DNA Markers found.  An infant could be treated, and that cancer prevented.  The leading cause of death now is accidental death, murder, conflict, and a fringe element of society who just refused to be inoculated, tested for cancers, and suicided when adjustments to longevity caused emotional issues.  Cancer’s caused by artificial elements like pollution, and man’s ignorance of pharmaceuticals chemicals and manmade chemicals were eliminated.  
It is now 95 earths years since Cornelius left for his home world. At 127 years of age, I passed my NASA Astronaut training and was finally going to meet the Foe in person rather than as a long-range Holographic image from earth.  Of course, at age 127 in earths time, I was roughly now 20 years old in Library time.  Due do it’s time stasis on my aging since age 16, and every 16 years in the Library I aged 7.5 months.  Though outside 16 years past.  When I left that capsule at age 32, it froze my aging process at earth age at 20 years  with all its alien serums and treatments.  In reality the time line outside the Library made me 127 years old, biologically I was 20 years old.  When it came time for me to enter the NASA training, I decided to utilize a more permanent option to look my earth age with plastic surgery, with the use of that same capsule Cornelius put me in.  I was able to change my complete body to match what a healthy 127-year-old human would look like.  If I amazed NASA on having passed the training.  Many of the crew members and scientist going on the mission had a mean age of 80 years, with a few much younger members on the expedition.  I suppose it did help that the first ever new extra-stellar spacecraft had some very advanced dampening fields, that made traveling at less at light speed no different than zipping across the U.S. continent in a 10 miles per minute rail tube taking only 6 hours to go from San Francisco to New York city non-stop.
My training mostly involved simulation of the spacecraft environment learning operations of the spacecraft and directing my own team of researchers.  And  the length of time on the spacecraft to reach our destination, and the handling of the scientific equipment, I was responsible for in the first place its design being the one who sent out dreams throughout the years revealing alien technology as the Librarian. As for the physical exam, again, even for a 127-year-old I was no older than the 80-year old’s who passed.  I cheated, by fudging the final computer results to make it look like I was a 120-year-old man with good health.  Otherwise, my health exam would have revealed my true age of 20 years. Besides all that, I was elated that I was going to meet the Foe.  In my 111 earth years in the Library, the furthest distance I have traveled was as far as Neptune.  This time I would be reaching out near the end of the Milky Way in less than 10 years at our current rate lightyear speed.  I dared not manipulate that speed any further with more jumps in technology in lightyear speeds. So much of what that would mean would again cause a ripple in earths technology across the board leaping Earth another 200 years or more ahead of its natural level for progress.  If the Foe was out there looking for the tastiest bites.  I did not want to draw its attention to us before I was ready.  It’s slow progress toward our system was still measurable by another 100 years to reach us. Time enough to deal with it in its current neighborhood. 
Ten years in space may seem like a very long time to be away from home.  But for every six months in space, half the crew would be in Suspended Animation, while the other half would be operating and conducting their shifts of experiments.  When we reached our destination, all crews would be awake to deal with the Foe.  In that time, the crew would learn the full nature of that Foe, as it would demonstrate its hunger on a planet teaming with a life.  I had expected this to happen and was prepared to for the right answers to the many questions I would be asked. Oh, please, I am not planning on revealing the Library or me as its Librarian.  Just start pulling those aces out of my sleeve. 
Chapter 13
Meeting the Foe on His Turf


“Dr. Jones, can you explain what just happened.” Mission Director asked.
“Yes, I can Sir, but you are not going to believe me.” Ziek told the Mission Director.
“I just witnessed that anomaly, move more than 3.5 million miles in a matter of 15 minutes as it moved over to that class M planet we just left more than 4 hours ago.  That planet was teaming with life, though at an industrial age with limited landmasses with more water then earth has. .  It was still life.  Now our scanners say it is barren rock devoid of life, atmosphere, and water.  Then that anomaly expanded, from its current size of 365,000 miles wide by 750,000 miles in depth to 450,000 miles wide to 1 million miles in depth.  It is just resting there over that dead planet and several others in that system we never got a chance to explore.  Sitting there like a bloated goat in a junk yard of tin cans.  Please don’t tell me I am not going to believe what I just saw.” The Mission Director stated in a tone of disbelief.
“Yes I am Sir, when I first discovered this anomaly, it’s size was 250,000 miles wide by 500,000 miles in depth. That was over 75 years ago.  It has changed its course four times, and each time it stops, then suddenly expands. From earth, you could see it expanding, but until we were actually within its neighborhood, I could not understand why it expanded.” Ziek lied.  Until now that is. That anomaly is feeding on planets Sir.  You just saw it feed on that planet and several of its neighbors.”
“Navigator Toby, I suggest you get us out of this neighborhood as far and as fast as you can go.  If that thing moves our way, we will not be able avoid it.  We might be a bit faster, but I doubt we will be able to circle around it to avoid it.  It is just too large, and we certainly can’t go through it or suffer the same fate of those worlds it just eat.” The Mission Director stated.  “Dr. Jones, is that thing alive as in the sense it is a sentient being, or just a pure energy anomaly attracted to other forms of energy, life energy of an inhabited planet like a magnet is attracted to its opposite pole, or like a moth to light?”
“I can’t answer that Sir, without some further study.” Ziek lied again.  If like a magnet attracted to its opposite pole of electrons.  Then I would say it is not sentient. But drawn to the positive or negative energy of a planet, depending on the anomalies own charge of electrons.  If it is like a moth to light, then yes, it would have some measure of being sentient.  More along the lines of instinct or biological function where a moth is drawn to the heat of the light. Also, some would say hypnotized by the light. Turn the light off and the moth moves on flittering around in the dark until another light source appears to draw itself to it.  A moth is a living thing, while a pure energy source isn’t like having a heart, lungs, eyes, skin, or wings of a moth.  This anomaly has no brain, or heart, or lungs. Ziek lied again.
“Dr. Jones, this spacecraft as large as it is, is its energy signal large enough to draw that things attention?” The Mission Director asked.
“If idle and in a stationary position no, as long as we are out of range. If we are under full light speed and crossing its path I think it would be attracted to its energy source. Though in all likelihood it would only momentarily notice us, then lose interest in us, our energy wouldn’t be big enough to allow it to move toward us like two opposing magnets within close range of each other, as it did that system of planets.” Ziek did not lie this time.
“Dr. Jones, is this anomaly acting like a Black Hole, and pull us into it even one light year away from it?”
“I don’t think so.  If it were a type of Black Hole with a massive gravity well, it would not need to move about, but draw it’s food to itself with its gravity well pulling in food.  No, this anomaly, moves through space, as if it actually were a sentient being looking for food. Though I suspect that it is like our brain having living tissue, that  has neurons and electrical current flowing through it from one hemisphere to the next within it mass of matter. This anomaly is much like our brain in that sense, it has a readable mass our scanners can see. And we are seeing electrical current shooting all over the place between what appears to be Trillions of receptors, no bigger than a basketball or smaller.  .  Still, if it were 100 percent sentient, I believe it would have more direct purpose then just randomly changing course.  It would even have the ability for communication.” Ziek suggested.
“Do we have the means to communicate with this anomaly Dr. Jones?”
“That would be a miracle Sir. My studies from earth, and on our approach to the anomaly has not indicated it has any radio waves, microwaves, or recognizable pattern of communication being transmitted.  Just random electrical discharges that fit no pattern what so ever. Which supports the theory that it is not totally sentient as we might believe or wish it were.  Our own planet Earth has a gravitational field, an energy that connects our poles, and surrounds our atmosphere. But that does not make it a sentient being, despite what mythology might make it. Mother Earth is just a mythological creature, where science is real and explains away much of our myths.” Ziek explained.
“Well, that is not a myth out there Dr. Jones. What that is may well be natural in the scheme of the Universal, some left over energy from the Big Bang going around devouring the life force of a planet and all that lives on that planet.  Given the fact that we suspect there are millions of class M planets out there, ranging from the Dinosaur age to advanced technological age beyond our comprehension.   Minus 5 planets we have confirmed for the first time as having living life forms on it in our galaxy.  I don’t think I would want this natural anomaly loose in the universe devouring blindly every living life form within its reach, and if 5 planets can give it that much growth in expanding. I don’t even want to imagine how big it would get, if it eats a thousand planet. Exponentially, the bigger it gets, the faster it can feed and grow until nothing is left in the universe, but barren rock and no life forms left from the size of an atom to a thousand-foot-tall giant walking on the surface of a planet so huge it would boggle the mind.”
“You are certainly correct Sir, that is not a myth out there, and it is a monster with no control over its appetite, and the larger it grows the more it will need to feed to sustain itself.  I believe we are in favorable situation here to study that Foe and see what makes it tick and find its weakness and destroy it Sir.” Ziek offered a plan.
“Are you sure that this Foe won’t notice us studying it.”
“I can’t guarantee that Sir.” Ziek admitted.  But I do believe we have the best long-range scanners there is so that we can be as far away as we can to study it.  We also have some new untested scanner drones, and what better circumstances, to test them is there.  I suggest you let my team get right on sending those drones out in as close as we dare to the Foe. Then move further out from it and still remain in range of the drones and our scanners.  As I said earlier as long as we remain stationary and that anomaly is at rest, we should have the time to study it. I can say this. When it first appeared in the Milky Way, it had long periods of rest up to as much as 5 earth years before it moved on and only at a crawl.  I would think it was then, as it is now digesting its food.  With its current size, I would think it may even take 10 year before it will move again.  Plenty of time for us to study as much of it as we can.  I also have another suggestion. There is a planetoid nearby where we can safely orbit.  It was scanned on our pass by.  It has no life on it.  Just a rock, but big enough to have a gravity field that we can use to sustain our orbit around the planetoid. Our scans showed it has several large cavities or caverns underground we can easily access. We have the resources to set up a small base on the planetoid.  better yet a subterranean base facing the resting Foe, while our ship remains behind the planetoid.  We set up our lab there underground shielding our presence from the Foe.” 
Ziek outlined the plan to the Mission Director.  Secretly, Ziek was relieved that he was able to put his own long-range planning into motion.  Setting up the underground base and having the time to study the Foe. With the base set up he could then implement his hidden agenda to find that one weakness he already knew about the Foe. With his team doing the research looking for any weakness, Ziek would be able to concentrate on what he already knew about the Foe’s weakness.
***
“Listen up everyone, Dr. Jones has called this meeting together to discuss his latest finding on the Foe.  Now, I don’t know how he done it. But the fact he has done it, only indicates how well his team has been working together on studying the Foe, while the second research team has been in the last five years exploring this part of the system away from the Foe, so as to draw the attention from Dr. Jones, research base.  Now, we cannot be certain if the Foe even is aware of his research base, or even aware of our excursions in the area.  Regardless, we have managed to get five years of research done on the Foe, and on this system. When we return to Earth, we will have accomplished the impossible when you consider earths first manned mission this far out in the Milk Way.  Now. Let us focus on Dr. Jones report.  Dr. Jones, are you receiving us from your base.”  The Mission Director asked.
“You are coming in loud and clear Sir. Before I get into the newest findings, I must report there are signs that the Foe is awakening from his slumber.  It would appear that our estimate of 10 years will fall short by 3 years.  Which gives my team 2 years to finish our research. I request that you return to the base in 18 earth months to aid us in dismantling the base, and we can be on board the ship before the Foe does wake up.  I am hopeful that our research will be concluded by then. As for the promised update, we have discovered the nucleus or rather center of the Foe which may be its origin at the time of its creation.  It is there I believe we will find its weakness where we will be able to destroy the Foe.  At the moment, any attempt to destroy the Foe’s outer membrane, as we are calling it, will be ineffective as long as that nucleus remains to regenerate its life source.”  
“We are confident that this is not a product of the Big Bang, but the results of a failed man-made experiment in finding a new energy source.  Most likely, some highly technological world searching for a new source of energy.  Something went wrong, something failed, most likely for the lack of safeguards, or zealot researchers reaching beyond their understanding of what they were doing. Regardless, the end result was the Foe.  Which most likely used its hunger to destroy that world.”  Ziek was not far from the truth in his report to the Mission Director. As for finding the nucleus, Ziek had known of its location from the first time he and Cornelius had studied Omegon’s historical records, when they discovered the reason why their scientist had stopped the research.  The energy source they were trying to create was at its nucleus an artificial Black Hole gravity well that was perverted in its earliest stages of creation.  It was shown to be unstable and capable of becoming a transient Black Hole capable of moving among the universe and devouring everything in reach for more energy and growth.
When the Omegon scientist shut down the experiment and had the Data sealed in the Library which at that time was on Omegon.  Then half a millennium later the Library relocated to Regal Nebula Minor.  The Librarian of that time having failed to heed to the warnings about the research, and in his attempt to elevate Regal Nebula Minor’s technological period telepathically encouraged a Regalese team of scientist to recreate the failed experiment, Unleashing the Foe when that experiment was finished to its conclusion.  Ziek and Cornelius had learned of the one vital and vulnerable weakness of the foe.  Shut down the nucleus, where the perverted artificial Black Hole would be closed for good.  What remained of the Foe would become a stationary energy anomaly, that would in several millenniums diminish in size until it was no more than a small field of condensed energy about 75 thousand miles long and 10 thousand miles thick.  A bright speckled ribbon in the universe, harmless to traveler’s, unless they were stupid enough to try and go through it.  Ziek decided he would leave that issue up with the Alliance council to post warnings, “do not trespass at your peril.”
For now, Ziek came up with a plan to send a shielded probe into that nucleus before the Foe awoke fully to move on to continue feeding.  The probe would be neither negative nor positive, energy.  In the Library’s database, after 15 years of filtering and re-filtering and cross-referencing Masdabe finally found the one thing that could enter the Foe without the Foe noticing.  Instead of trying to trick the Foe to re-entering the Time Rift. The probe itself would be a shielded by a tiny Time Rift, where time stood still, neither the present or the future, nor radiating an energy signal, neither positive nor negative.  In the probe would be the tiniest bit of anti-matter which when the probe enters the perverted Black Hole, the Time Rift would be ripped apart and the two enemies of space, the anti-matter would meet the matter of the nucleus and it would destroy the nucleus closing the Black Hole.  This had to be done while the Foe still remained in its stupor, like injecting a sleeping person who had a phobia of needles.
Ziek had smuggled aboard the missions spacecraft his special probe with its Time Rift shield, which actually hid the probe from being seen in the storage bay of the ship.  Where  Ziek would come up with a way to release the probe into the Foe. That time was approaching as the Foe was showing signs of coming awake. Ziek was running out of time. He had to put in play his final ace from up his sleeve.  “Sir,” as he explained to the Mission Director.  My team believes that with a tiny particle of anti-matter from the bases generators containment field. We could insert it in a probe which the team had reconverted to our, needs. We could send it into that Nucleus which is made of Matter, and as you know Anti-Matter and Matter don’t mix.  To prevent the Foe from seeing the probe, we have come up with a shield around it that is neither negative nor positive.  We are certain we can build this shielding with want we have at our disposal. We just need a time to do so, and test it, 18 months at least.”
“You got 18 months Dr. Jones, then I am arriving take your team off that planetoid.”
“Thank you Sir. Dr. Jones out.  For the next 18 months under Zieks telepathic control he manipulated the teams mind to believe that were actually building a Time Rift around one of standard probes they had. When the time came to lunch the probe, Ziek substituted the fake probe with the real probe in the lunch tube. Ziek announced to the Mission Director, that they were ready to lunch the probe prior to when the ship would arrive to the base.  That the Mission Director was to remain in his present location a safe distance away from the Foe, just in case the probe failed to destroy the nucleus. The probability factor of a failure was 50/50, while the nucleus exploding may cause a shock wave that could destroy the base had 24 percent probability.  Even at 50/50, failure was possible, and it could awake the Foe and it would seek out the guilty party responsible for waking it.  His team had agreed they were expendable and each member under the influence of Ziek’s telepathic control each confirmed their willingness to sacrifice their life if need me.  The Mission Director agreed, for the good of many, either way.  Someone had to be able to return to earth to warn them or honor those who sacrificed their life to destroy the Foe.  There was a 25  percent chance that they would all return home hero’s.
*** 
When the appointed time came, Ziek with his telepathic control put his team under a deep sleep with the memory of Ziek in the one personal interstellar craft on base, taking the probe as close to the Foe as possible to lunch the probe into the membrane of the Foe.  What the team didn’t know was that the interstellar craft was a new version of Ziek old morphing spacecraft runabout now capable of Extra-stellar flight.  In each teams memory for the last 18 months, he planted the same memory of Zeik approaching the Foe’s membrane and launching the probe.  Reinforcing that memory deep in their subconscious mind. When Ziek actually did launch the probe, it would trigger the event to be real in their memory which nearly was 99 percent true..  
That night Ziek snuck out with the probe, he triggered those subconscious memories so the sleeping researchers would have a very livid dream of Ziek sneaking out and traveling to the foe, against their protest.   They watched in horror as Zeik launched the probe from the edge of the Foe’s outer membrane.  The probe traveled through the membrane at a speed of 20,000 miles a minute to reach the center of the Foe, 500,000 miles in.  Twenty-five minutes later the anti-matter erupted, and a shock wave rippled out from the center of the anomaly and reached Zieks craft, destroying Ziek’s craft before Zeik could get away.  These were the memories the team members related to the Mission Director. As each one contested that Ziek at the last minute had failed to tell them that the probe needed to be launch just outside the Foe’s membrane, and before they could stop him, he was already on his way. They watched from their long-range monitors Zeik arrive at the membrane and launch the probe.  Twenty-five minutes later, their sensor indicated the probe exploded and in less than 10 minutes, the shock wave rippled through the membrane and destroyed Zieks ship.  
The 6 months that followed the implosion, the Foe started to measurably shrink then stop all together.  The active energy that was the Foe’s main lifeblood was dead or dying.  Additional probes where sent in through the thinning membrane to confirm that the nucleus or rather the Black Hole was destroyed.  The Five worlds that lie dead in the membrane were destroyed into rubble which made passage into the membrane very dangerous at that time by anything larger than a probe with some very talented maneuvering.  The base was dismantled, and a long-range autonomous communication array was left in its place to monitor the anomaly for as long as that array remained active.  By the time the crew returned to earth, the last update on the anomaly indicated that it was continuing to shrink less than an ¼ inch every 6 months. At that rate it would take several millenniums to shrink to the size Ziek suggested it would.  It could no longer move when the perverted Black Hole was destroyed its source of making it move throughout the Universe.  The Foe was finally vanquished. As for the residue energy of the blast, it remained contained in the shrinking membrane.  In time it would be an impenetrable anomaly of energy akin to many such anomalies in the universe.
***
Dr. Ezekiel Jeremiah Jones was immortalized as the one who gave up his life for the many.  When the expedition arrived back home, and its mission report, evidence and data was released to the world.  Everyone knew who Ziek was.  At the memorial at Dr. Jones observatory, his appointed successor of the observatory and research center, gave the eulogy.  Dr. Jeremiah Z. Nathan, spoke highly of Dr. Jones accomplishments since his college years, and the research he did as an Astrophysicist, and contribution to NASA, and his sacrifice to save the universe. Even though the Universe at large may never know, of that sacrifice.  After the memorial, Dr Jeremiah Z. Nathan retired to the Library below the observatory.
“Ziek, I must admonish you for taking such risk.  If you had failed to be out of range of that shockwave, you would have been destroyed.   One percent chance of failing to move out fast enough, really.” Mandabe stated. 
“It was more like 51 percent Mandabe that I would succeed in killing that foe. I succeeded, as for the 1 percent margin, that was all a manipulation of my teams mind to make them believe I was destroyed.  I was already on my way home before that shockwave reached the edge of the Foe’s membrane. Put your transistors at rest Mandabe, I have everything in control.
Ezekiel Jeremiah Jones, I haven’t used Transistors in my workings since more then a Billion years ago, even then they would put your earths 1970 Transistors to shame.” Masdabe informed Ziek.  
“Masdabe, I am sorry, forgive me, I am sure you have the latest in nano-technology and they are top notch.  Have you everything prepared for my off-world trip?”
 “our supplies have been loaded onto the spaceship.  It’s engines have been redesigned as ordered and its life support systems updated.  The overall size has been enlarged to accommodate a larger Gallery, Sleeping quarters, and Gym with running track and a research lab. New Armaments have been added, and updated shield and cloaking shield.  Your idea of incorporating a Time Rift stasis field in the shields has proven effective during testing since you left earth 10 years ago.  The new warp engines have been tested as well and that should cut your travel time to Regal Nebula Minor, by 187 years. I would suggest you spend a little time with a few stops on the way, or you will arrive before Cornelius.  Which I wouldn’t advise as it could cause a few ripples in the time continuum.  Arriving say two weeks after Cornelius should not affect that continuum as you did leave some 100 years after he did.”
“Thank you Masdabe, are you sure the Library will do alright without me physically being here.”
“All databases have recorded orders, and holographic image updated. Outside of a Code Red, which I believe has been settled for now. I don’t believe we are going to have anything to do except auto download data, shift priorities around and auto download again, and table reports until you return. Which if all goes well will be no later than 250 years from now.  Which is a very brief time here at the Library when you consider the last time Cornelius went into Suspended Animation he slept 800 years, and we managed to take care of business.” Masdabe assured Ziek.
“That is good to hear Masdabe.  You do understand your duties regarding the observatory and research lab upstairs.”
“Yes, Ziek, I have partitioned, my systems to act as a Board of Trustees running a foundation that should support the observatory, school,  and research center.  Hiring, and firing of a director will be handled by this invisible Board of Trustee’s with some autonomy given to the director to the nature of his or her teams research, the teaching of students and day to day operations. Of course, I shall influence that research from down here.  A physical accounting firm has been hired to deal with the money end of the operations and the foundation will have in the local bank 10 billion dollars to which I shall continue to invest so that it continues to support the foundation for the 250 years you will be gone.  Your alter ego has decided to retire after his eulogy to your fine memory. So, a new director is being interviewed by a team of professionals hired by me.  When you return you will take over the foundation from the comfort of the Library until I am needed once again during your off-world travels. I have done this before for many Librarians who have decided a more hands-on approach to gathering Data on worlds was more favorable to moping around the Library for a 1000 years.  Cornelius did the same when he was younger.  Give Cornelius my best Ziek and watch out for Tiberius. I am sure he will be caught off guard when you arrive.  But that won’t last.  It is time you exit the place if you are going to keep on your time schedule.” Masdabe if he could, would have given Ziek a hug and shoved him out the door. Like a Mother Hen wanting his chick to go out into the world.  Well, in this case it was the far reaches of the Universe.
***
On his approach to Regal Nebula Minor Air space, Ziek keyed in his security code announcing he was the Librarian on a diplomatic mission, and requested an audience with the Alliance Council, priority one, Alpha Omega.  Which alerted the Alliance Council that his mission concerned “The Foe”. Alpha referred to the beginning and Omega to the End. Priority one meant now, not later. can’t wait, don’t tell anyone.  By the time Ziek was assigned a landing birth at the Alliance headquarters private spaceport. Got through security, which alarmed them to discover the New Librarian was a human from the planet Earth from the Milky Way system.  The first human known to ever step foot on Regal Nebula Minor, or even in this quadrant of the Universe.  They slapped him in a  Regal one-year first contact quarantine, claiming they had reports that Humans carried deadly viruses harmful to Regalese.
Zeik sat in a quarantine cell, fuming mad, while they fumigated his stark-naked body, prodded and poke every each of his body with all kinds of probes, needles, and invasion of his body crevices.  All Zeik could wonder about was how could his security clearance not have prevented this, as those security codes he sent upon approach to Regal Nebula Minor listed all his inoculations, known to the universe at large.  When he protested his quarantine, he was rebuffed that they had Alliance Council orders to quarantine him.  During one of many examinations, the team of doctors received a message over their earphones.  Each one froze, with look on their face that clearly said, the proverbial body waste as just hit the fan.  They stopped what they were doing, tossed Ziek a dressing gown, and without a word left the room.  Moments later another gentlemen walked in the room, without any protective hazmat gear or weird gadgets to probe Ziek with.  Bowed before Ziek and profusely apologized to the Librarian in perfect Earth English.
“I am humbly sorry your honor, someone as errored grievously in ordering your quarantine.  It would appear your clearance codes where misplaced in the database.  You were listed as an unknown first contact species.  Which would have required protocol to quarantine you for one of our Regalese years though not in this outdated facility.  We are looking for the tech who made that error.  It would seem he is nowhere to be found.  Again, I apologize for this mistreatment of so honored and respected diplomate of the Universe.  Forgive me, I am his Excellent President of the Alliance of World Council Rowloon Bygoon of the planet Goon.  If you will follow me to this facilities dressing room, you will find a new set of Regalese clothes to wear.  I am afraid your earth clothing was vaporized.  I assure you that your personal effects were removed prior to the clothes being vaporized.  They are with your new clothes.” Rowloon Bygoon of Goon directed Ziek to the dressing room where he shed his flimsy transparent gown and dressed in a stylish Regalese suit that at first looked too big for him, but once he put on the suit, the suit adjusted to his body frame.  Though a little tight in his neither regions.  Rowloon Bygoon seeing his discomfort. Honored Sir simply tell the suit to adjust the area’s that are too tight or to lose by touching the region and describing  how you need adjustments.  Once you are satisfied, just tell the suit you are satisfied, and the suit will lock in your measurements.  Your wardrobe will be programed to fit these general measurements with allowance to style of clothing.  This suit is a formal style expected of all highly ranked personage to wear at the Alliance High Council.  Fortunately, your luggage remained locked away on your ship, so they have not been vaporized.” Rowloon Bygoon assured Ziek.
“Thank you your Excellence, that is comforting to know. Though I seem to be missing a data chip, from my personal belongings I had with me.”
“I am most distressed at this news Honored Sir.  I deeply hope that it wasn’t irreplaceable.”
“It was a copy of the original stored in my Ship database.  I can replace it if I can have access to my ships database.” Ziek asked.
“That should be no problem Honored Sir.  You may have secured access from my office to access that data whenever you need it sir.  We have set aside a set of rooms for you with office space, in the Ambassadors wing of the Alliance headquarters.  It is always in reserve for the Librarian when he arrives on Regal Nebula Minor.  It’s communication channels are at the highest level of security second to mine.”
Thank you your Excellence, I do not wish to use those rooms, and I will explain later. I shall require access to my ship where I will be staying during my visit here.  I believe it has the latest security installed, that even here on Regalese have no knowledge of.  Rest assure it isn’t a threat to the Alliance, just a direct link to the Library and to my codes from my transdermal communicator planted directly in my cranium.  I must warn you, any attempt to disable that communicator, or if I shall be incapacitated or die.  My ship will leave its port and return to the Library and will server any relationship with Regal.  Any attempt to stop it, will result in a hostile act on its part to defend itself.  I assure you, my ship has the full resources of the Libraries technology of this universe to defend itself.  As for that missing chip, any attempt by the person or persons who took it, will wish they never stolen it. It is booby trapped, which means it will defend itself if there is any attempt to access its data.  Including self-destruct and vaporizing an area about ten times the size of this room your Excellence.  You haven’t had any rooms vaporized since it went missing your Excellence.” Ziek was not pulling any punches here and his Excellence face blanched a very pale green, given his complexion was a dark Hunters Green, common to his species. 
“Please Honored Sir, I assure you we have not as of yet, and I understand your concerns and security regarding your Data.  We on Goon are normally a very trusting species to a fault I am afraid.  Though we are known to be an honest race of humanoids, we do however have our problems with a very small element of our race who are very untrustworthy.  We are not void of understanding doubt or mistrust in others, nor are offended by others who doubt our sincerity.  I am very much aware of the ramifications of this error in orders in quarantining you, and your concerns about the missing Data chip.  I am also aware of the political struggles in Alliance council chambers, that may explain why you have been mistreated so, and who may be behind it.  I can’t say more, we are not in a secured area Honored Sir.  Though I do believe the ears have heard your warnings about trying to access that data chip, and possibly harming you and the consequences if they do.  I do believe if we are to discuss this any further it would be best if we leave this facility and find a more secure place to continue our discussion.”  
“Please Honored Sir, if you follow me, I will get us through security, and if they decide to detain us, I assure them that they will be re-assigned duty on the sanitation department.  Which as they know is the lowest of the lowest job on Regal Nebula Minor.  It amounts to what we used to call our prison system. Though it certainly pays a bit better then what our former prison system paid.  Which was nothing, and the living quarters where better then, then what our sanitation workers get today.” When the two arrived at the security station there was no-one there to stop them.
Ziek led his Excellence to his ship where they were assured there were no eavesdropping of their conversation.  Once inside, his Excellence dropped the formalities and got right to what he was so eager to learn from the Librarian.  “Have you stopped “The Foe” Librarian.  To cut to the chase, Ziek showed his Excellence the full video report of the Mission to meet the Foe. “Are you sure that “The Foe” is actually truly dead Librarian?”
Yes, and please drop the Librarian, call me Ziek.
“Ziek, how sure are you that the Foe is dead, and please you may call me Rowloon when not in Alliance chambers, or in public.  We must have our decorum and forgive me about the “Honored Sir”.  I must admit I was pouring that on a bit thick for the ears and eyes listening in. Though given the mix up, I am truly sorry for having to have you put through such degrading examinations.  If not for a loyalist in the quarantine center, I would not have learned of your whereabouts.
“I understand your embarrassment of my situation Rowloon.  I was expecting to meet an old friend of mine at the spaceport.  Instead, I was greeted with an armed guard ordering me into quarantine. As for the Foe, the last update I got from the monitoring station in the region of the Foe, it is still, by micro increments still shrinking as projected.  It has not moved from its position.  Earth will still monitor its shrinking, and if it should change in anyway not expected they will be the first to know, so will the Library and me regardless of where I might me. As far as we are concerned it has no ability to move as it once did, nor has it the deadly energy to devour worlds.” Ziek told Rowloon.
“I can’t wait to tell the Alliance member world and non-member worlds.  You can’t imagine the millenniums we have been under this cloud of the Foe finally breaching the Time Rift and once again ravaging the universe.  It had always been our hope that in future millenniums, someone from some emerging technological world would find the solution to kill that monster.  I would have never believe Earth was capable of such technology and genius.”
“I must debase you of that honor you behold on Earth. Yes, it was our mission to the Foe, based on what the Library aided in assuring that that mission was to succeed. The truth is it wasn’t original knowledge that Earth created to destroy the Foe.  That is why I am here to report to the Alliance council where that knowledge came from and who knew of it long before earth did or myself.  Not even Cornelius my mentor and predecessor knew that secret was buried in the Library vault.  Before he retired and returned to Regal Nebula Minor, he and I had discovered much, but after he left, I discovered the who behind keeping the Alliance in the dark and why.  I will not say anything more, until I meet the Alliance Council and discuss my findings with Cornelius.” Ziek stated.
“Ziek, Cornelius was arrested on the day he arrived that was two weeks ago as close to your earth time counts things.
“On what charges Rowloon?” Ziek demanded, his anger rising.
“It is an old law, that relates to a Librarians duties to the Library and to the Alliance. In essence it is treason, punishable by death.”
***
“Alliance members, I am not pleased that upon my arrival to your fair world, that my security clearance was ignored, and I was treated as a common criminal, or what passes as a common criminal on this world.  Not only was my personal body subjected to unimaginable probes, in some very embarrassing places.  I have learned since that many of these probes are outdated and have been replaced by electronic scanners and the like.  I have also learned that the person who was responsible for my quarantine, disappeared from the quarantine center, only to be found later, or what was left of him later, and part of a building that was destroyed where his remains were found in.  He tried to access my stolen Data Chip, he triggered its security measures.  I am equally dismayed to learn that my predecessor Cornelius has been imprisoned on charges of Treason on charges equally outdated as was my quarantine probing.”
“I came here to announce that “The Foe” this universes ancient scourge has been destroyed.  I have also learned that one Tiberius an Regalese and brother of Cornelius is behind the formal charges against Cornelius. The principal charge being Cornelius as the Librarian, withheld vital data regarding the origin of the Foe and how it came to be. Second charges are that Cornelius withhold that vital information by secretly removing it from the Libraries Master Database, as well as, destroying any hard copies, ancient tomes from the Regal Nebula Minor room in the Libraries vault. Third, that Cornelius did so because he has some maniacal plot to see this universe destroyed, and Four, he is insane.  I have asked you to convene this tribunal so I may present evidence that Cornelius is innocent of all charges. That I have evidence that shows who the real guilty party is, and why.”
“Before I do that, I assure you that the “Foe” is dead, not trapped in a Time Rift for another several millennium or more until it escapes again. I will also prove to you that the means to destroy the Foe as always been stored in the Libraries vaults. That, that knowledge as always been there until someone removed it and altered the Databases of the Library to show it didn’t exist or never existed.  I will also prove that Cornelius is not the person who managed that.  I originally brought with me a Data chip with that proof, but it was stolen and destroyed by the thief who stole it when he tried to access the data without the security codes. Furthermore, as the Librarian since the last 90 years or so, earth time.  I have been sanctified and approved by the Library as its new Librarian and have full access to all its data. Data, not even an assistant Library has access to.  I am prepared to provide to this August body of Alliance members the proof of what I am telling you and will clear Cornelius’s good name.” Ziek was interrupted by an intruder at the doors leading into the High Councils chambers. The intruder came rushing in to the chambers.
“And how are you going to do that Librarian if your Data Chip is destroyed.”
“Tiberius, you were not invited to this tribunal. In fact, how did you know about this meeting before the High Security Alliance council?” His Excellence Rowloon Bygoon asked. 
“Rowloon do you really think your private meetings are a secret, even from me.” Tiberius stated.
“Guards remove this Regalese from this chamber and put him under arrest for trespassing.
“No, your Excellence.  Let him stay.  I have a few questions of him, one being how did he know my Data Chip was destroyed.” Ziek pointed out.
“Oh, my dear boy, it was on the news web that a building was destroyed in the tradesmen quarters.
“Your Excellence, I don’t recall, that you released the knowledge of what caused the explosion of that building. So how did Tiberius know it was caused by a Data chip exploding?  Please Tiberius please explain to this council how you knew that.” Ziek demanded.
“Okay, I admit I have a few loyalist in the Alliance administration. It’s not uncommon for opposition to have its ears and eyes in administration.” 
“I see, then you admit that your ears and eyes, diverted my security clearance, and that I was labeled as a quarantine threat to this planet, and subjected to want amounts to torture.” Ziek angrily asked. 
“I wouldn’t say it was torture dear boy.”
“Tiberius are you admitting you are behind the Librarians mistreatment at the quarantine center.  His Excellence asked. 
“Please Rowloon, I admit nothing. Again, your administration is a rift with rumors that eventually show up at my door.  It is all I am saying.” Tiberius started showing some nervousness.  You could see it in his eyes and the way he was fidgeting from one foot to the other.
“Are you sure you want Tiberius in this chamber Librarian. He is as nervous as a Snake who suddenly finds himself in a room full of Goon babies.  I believe they are Earths version of a Mongoose, only ours have a paralyzing venom they spit, then devour the snake in seconds.” His Excellence describes.
“Oh, I am very certain I want him to stay, in fact make sure the doors are locked from the inside and any guards kept outside.  We wouldn’t want Tiberius to leave the room as sudden as he entered it.  In fact, with your permission.  I have a little device here from the Libraries weapons archives.  Once activated it will place a shield perimeter around the chamber sealing all doors and windows preventing anyone from getting out.  I assure you it is a one-way shield, if anyone wants to get in, they can.  Though it will paralysis them if I give a mental command to do so. May I activate it your Excellence.” Ziek asked.
“You can’t be serious your Excellence.  This amounts to violation of my rights of freedom of movement during a general council session.” Tiberius protested.
“Tiberius, this is not a general council session. It is a private security session which has different rules, including only invited guest or those under arrest, who have passed security clearance.  And I believe the last time I knew, you had no security clearance to enter this private security session.  Will the secretary recorder please add to the charge of trespassing, a violation of his probation, and breaking into a security zone he had no clearance to enter.”
“Yes, your Excellence.” the secretary recorder spoke over the speakers in the chambers. “Secretary please add The Librarians clearance code to your database and open a channel to his ships Master Database.” His Excellence ordered. 
“Yes your Excellence.” 
“Secretary let this date, time, and quorum of High Security Alliance members present in person or by Holographic transmission be confirmed and registered.  Have these proceedings broadcasted as a public announcement high priority over all channels, that the Librarian is present in the High Security Council chambers and has an announcement to make.  Please Librarian the chamber is yours.”  His Excellence Rowloon Bygoon turns the balance of the meeting over to the Librarian.
“Citizens of Regal Nebula Minor, and citizens of the Alliance worlds, and non-members of that Alliance. I am the new Librarian.  My predecessor Cornelius as many of you have known as an honorable Ambassador of the Universe was two weeks ago arrested on his return to his home world Regal Nebula Minor, on charges of treason.  Charges I can prove are false, Charges brough against him by his brother Tiberius a fellow Regalese and the founder of a faction that has always disputed the theory behind “The Foe” that has led to some serious disputes over the Foe’s nature and purpose in this universe.  A Theory he supports that say the Foe if it were to be destroyed, would not cause a Big bang destroying this universe and the recreation of the universe starting all over again. While other theorists believe that it would destroy everything if the Alliance managed to destroy it.  That is why for millenniums the Foe was imprisoned in the Time Rift.  As the Librarian, I have in the 90 earth years or so, or 250 of your Regalese years. Have discovered both those theories are hogwash in earths vernacular. Which means, they are false.  I am going to show the Alliance council, its member worlds, and non-members the truth about the Foe. Secretary, please open up Omegon data file star date code 45670 and release video report A.”  For 30 minutes, the video showed the records of the era on Omegon at that star date, the shutdown of a new energy source research and why it was ended. Ziek then asked for report B an attachment to the Omegon Data.
The time is showed of a later era in Regal Nebula Minor far history when on a distant planetoid that experiment was recreated from a flawed data file from the Libraries Vaults.  That experiment was concluded resulting in what the Omegon scientific council deemed a dangerous science and why they shut it down and buried the data in the Libraries vault, which at that time was located on Regal.  Thus, the Foe was created, which then proceeded to travel to Omegon, and it was its first planet to feed on, along with thousands others until it was finally trapped in the Time Rift by the then new Alliance of Worlds. “Secretary set up Library Vault records 242598 code Red Elevator and show it.”  This video started with a time line showing the date, day and time when a shadowed entered the Red Elevator at the Library.  “Freeze, the video Secretary.” Ziek turned to Tiberius.  “Do you wish me to continue Tiberius, I believe you know who the shadow belongs too.”
“I have nothing to hide boy.  This council has seen this before, and I, in this very chamber admitted my wrong as a brash young assistant in the Library.  It is of public record of my transgression and my punishment.  Go ahead boy, you having nothing to prove.”
“Are you certain of that Tiberius.  Secretary, please resume the video with commentary.”
The video proceeded with the voice on the video explaining the time line of the Red Elevator as it proceeded down into the vault.  The camera shifted its view showing Tiberius exiting the elevator then proceeding to the Regal Nebula Minor history room, a forbidden restricted area of the vault.  Twenty minutes later, Tiberius leaves room and returns up to the libraries main levels above the vault. The time stamp ended when Tiberius left the vault. Freeze video secretary. Alliance council and Alliance worlds and non-members, please take note of the time stamp on the video.  It reflects the time it takes to ride down to the vault which is 4 hours given the fact that the vault is that deep in the ground and under extreme atmospheric pressure at that depth. The elevator is designed to remain at the normal pressure as if it is on the surface though to do so, it must travel at such a slow speed to allow the occupant to adjust to the change in atmospheric pressures of that depth.  This is accomplished by the chamber of the elevator using a force field, the same force field that protects the vault from that pressure at those depths.  Once in the vault the occupant must use a conveyance to move around the vault.  It takes nearly double that time to reach the return to the top, again to depressurize the elevator and its occupant and preventing serious harm to the occupant.  I have made that journey myself.  Now again I direct your attention to the time stamp. It would appear to be correct given the allowed time factor to arrive to the vault, for Tiberius to get to the Regal Nebula Minor room and the time he was in the room, left the room and back up to the Library. Tiberius would you say that timeline is correct.”
“I don’t know what game you are playing here boy. But yes, that is the correct timeline.”
“Would you tell this council that it is a correct right down to the last 100th of a second and unaltered.”
“Of course, it is.”
“Secretary, would you please reveal the back data on that video and tell us where the file was located and stored.”
“The back data shows the file was stored in the secondary Database of the Library.”  Secretary, would you please  allow me to address my ships Database.” Ziek asked.
“Hello Librarian, how may I help you.”
Please confirm that you are an exact transferred copy of the Secondary database and the Main Database of the Library at the time I departed from earth for Regal Nebula Minor.  Also, that this is procedure for a Librarian to transfer a copy of the Secondary and Main Database.”
“Librarian, under the Library regulations, a certified copy is transferred to the Librarians ships database, when the Librarian is off world for an extended time.  When the Librarian returns to the Library any updates to each database is downloaded into the Master Database. The Master Database is permanent storage of all Library data since the first day the Library was created.  It is inviolate, and cannot be altered, deleted or any data selectively erased.” 
“Thank you ship. Secretary can you confirm this regulation from Alliance records.”
“Alliance records confirm this regulation has been in effect for the last 100,000 Library years and had never been falsified or disproved.”
“Thank you Secretary, will you set up Video, 242598-part B, and hold. Council member this video is the true timeline of that first video showing Tiberius enter the Red Elevator.  This video is the original video as is the first one except, this video was automatically backed up in the Master Database when someone tried to in the Main Databases to erase portions of this video file. Again, Tiberius do you wish me to continue.”
“I protest, this second video is a sham a fake, something this boy created to convince you I went into another room in the vault beside the Regal Nebula Minor room..” Tiberius stopped realizing what he just suggested.
“Secretary please start the video.” When the video ended, Ziek pointed out that the timeline had an extra 60 minutes added to it and it showed Tiberius entering a different room before he entered the Regal Nebula Minor room.  “Alliance council, the first room Tiberius entered was the Omegon Room, where the original reports of the first experiment on Omegon was kept.  Those physical reports do not exit any longer in that room.  And before Tiberius says I have no proof of those reports belonging in that room in the first place. Let me explain.  The Master Database confirms that they had just 100 years before Tiberius became the assistant Librarian.  Everything in the Omegon room was digitalized and stored in the Master Database restricted memory.  I made another visit to the vaults to confirm that the research was indeed removed, and each and every item in that room was tagged with a microchip, at the time they were digitalized. That when any of the hard copies of the files, tomes, or artifacts removed from that room or any room in the vault is brought up to the Library it was recorded by the Master Database.  The time stamp of that removal matches the same date and time Tiberius was in the vault.”
“Ridiculous I say. Are you going to believe by all accounts, a 20-year-old earthling at the earth age when he became the Librarian and went through the Time stasis capsule to freeze his age, not to count the fact while in the Library he ages only 14 days for every earth year that passes. By our standards he is just an infant and not capable of reasonable thought or being rational.  I warned Cornelius that an earth child or even an earth adult isn’t capable of the responsibilities of being a Librarian.  They don’t have the brain capacity to be the Librarian.  It would take 10,000 years of earths evolution to reach a tenth of our brain capacity.” Tiberius outburst was stopped by his Excellence.
“Tiberius shut up before I have someone put a muzzle on you and every time you try to speak, I shall command that muzzle to zap you until you pass out.  Please Librarian proceed.”
“Thank you your excellence. Secretary, will you please set up the following data code “Foe Revolution” and wait my command.  Council members and non-members what you are about to see and hear, is an alteration of data created by Tiberius and data erased found on the Main Database shortly after his visit to the vaults. It would appear that when he instructed the Main Database to erase his activities in the vault or rather adjust the timeline.  That Main Database reported the alteration to the Master Database, who then set up red flags on Tiberius’s use of all three Databases.  My inquiries on the Master Database, confirms Tiberius was in the habit of altering data on both the Secondary and Main Databases and trying to access restricted data and failed to do so. Each time he tried to access restricted Data, each attempt was recorded.” 
“Every time he believed he had altered or erased data on the Secondary or Main Databases, the unaltered or unerased data was backed up on the Master Data base, even as the Secondary and Main database altered or erased the data ordered to do so.  Also, it appears he is in a habit of using his personal secretary to keep a journal, which in of itself is not forbidden.  Again, Tiberius failed to recognize the failsafe features that when he left the vault and was caught by Cornelius and remanded to his room. He accessed his journal and had expunged it knowing he was soon to be arrested after Cornelius caught him leaving the Red Elevator.  The Master Database once again recorded a back-up of that journal.  “Such backups are autonomous in nature, and seldom does the Master Database AI ever read the contents of that data.  If it had it would have alerted Cornelius ages ago of Tiberius plot. When Tiberius was arrested and admitted his guilt and banned from the Library.  Cornelius locked away any association to Tiberius ever being in the Library.  His time at the Library was erased from the secondary and main Database, which again triggered that failsafe, and the Master Database kept a record of that association to the Library preserving everything regarding Tiberius time at the Library on the Master Database. Cornelius assured Tiberius that his time at the library was erased. Cornelius also knew his eraser would be backed up, Tiberius was lead to believe his activities in the Library was erased.”
“Tiberius may think I am an infant and incapable of rational thought, but on earth as a teen, I learned all about backdoors on a computer and how to get in to any database.  After I became the Librarian and had full access to the Master Database and all security codes.  It didn’t take me long to find Tiberius journal and all the other unaltered or un-erased data already stored there.  I will save Tiberius the embarrassment of revealing the whole the content of that journal, with exception to one or two entries.  Which I will restrict to only to the High council members on Regal Nebula Minor and off world and let them decide what to do with that data.  Though I will give a brief summary verbally to the public at large now.”  
“Tiberius as always known since his trip to the vaults that the Foe can be destroyed and how to do that.  His journals tell me that he chose not to tell the Alliance world.  His journal also reveals that he discovered a weakness in the Time Rift, that he planned to manipulate to release the Foe, and for only one reason.  He wanted the Foe to ravage the universe once again, and at a time of his bidding he would announce to the Alliance he could destroy the Foe and give proof of his claim.  Only if the Alliance worlds would make him Emperor for life, and his appointed successor from his followers for life and there forth.  He would become Hero to the Universe, be worshiped and loved by all.  Given he still had at least another 1000, years of natural life here on Regal Nebula Minor and access to a stolen time stasis capsule from the Library archives. He could be your ruler for 5,000 years, and those who succeed him from his followers will serve for another 5,000 years.” 
“Tiberius is this true.” Rowloon Bygoon asked in shock.
“Yes, it is true, and unless you do as I ask, I will never destroy the Foe, and in time it will ravage this world, and it will devour the universe.”
“Tiberius do you really truly believe the Alliance will let you live after the Foe is destroyed.  How do you expect to hold the Alliance to uphold its agreement to let you rule the alliance for a lifetime?” His Excellence asked.
“That is a simple thing to accomplish, the Alliance will ratify a new charter and constitution making my rule a monarchy, and that I shall have full authority to appoint my successor.  Oh, did I mention I have the knowledge and means to recreate the Foe at any time.  Did you really think I wouldn’t have an Ace up my sleeve.  What I can destroy I can recreate.  All it takes is a sample of the Foe’s molecular makeup a seed to give birth to a new Foe.” Tiberius pulls out of the Satchel he was wearing a glass Sphere and waved it at the Alliance council to see.
I had a team of researchers travel to the Foes last known location, they arrived back to Regal just a week ago.. It took me some time to create a containment field much like the Time Rift. Eventually I completed that containment filed and sent out that team.  All I needed now was a molecular sample placed in that containment field. It will live but not grow or be able to feed on any energy.  Once I destroy the parent, the child will be mine to give birth to when I wish.  That is why you will let me rule the universe and those who follow in my footsteps.  I have created a scepter where the sphere will set on top for all to see. All it will take is for me to drop that scepter and smash that sphere.  That seed will feed on the energy around it, grow and devour this world, and you will not be able to stop it, as I have destroyed the data and the means to destroy it and no smart earth infant is going to find a backdoor into some database and find that means of destroying it. Oh, he might me clever enough for an earthling, but he is too late to stop me.”
“Tiberius, I need to inform you that your 24 followers hidden out on Mars, the 4th planet in our Solar System, Earth Neighbor, made their plan raid on the Library.  Their goal to destroy that data you just claimed you destroyed.  I am sorry that they failed, as they where monitoring the Library’s communications from Mars, I was also monitoring there communications from the Library.  You might recall just before you left Neptune you had one last communication to the Library with Cornelius regarding my first trip to the Vaults. You manage to make a few slips of the tongue which lead Cornelius to send me to Mars, and sure enough you had a team of your followers operating an illegal communication center spying on the Library.  It was only fair that I spy on you by leaving attached to your communication center my own ears to listen to everything your men were planning.  That too in the official data I have with me. As for their raid on the library two earth years later. They failed, Two, of your followers where vaporized attempting to take the Red Elevator down to the vaults.  Two had there hands and arms vaporized for attempting to escape their confinement when the touched the force field surrounding that confinement.  The men decided to tell me everything that you ordered them to destroy everything in the Omegon Room, and the Regal Nebula Minor room.  The where also give permission by you to raid the Library Treasure rooms, which you failed to tell them each and every one of them would have been vaporized when even one of those treasures was touched.  Which they never made it to the Treasure room as I was prepared to stop them in a gravity field before they could do so or leave the Library.  They are now on their way, if not already at a prison planet.”
“Tiberius, I will admit I am defeated you have won, despite your sit backs. But to satisfy my curiosity, and certainly I won’t understand the technology behind it, but just how are you going to destroy the Foe that it has taken millenniums to find a way to do so.  My own research has failed to find that answer in the Omegon room.” Ziek bated Tiberius to reveal how he was going to do it. He sent out a guarded telepathic message to the those in the council room to keep their silences. He tried to read Tiberius mind, but he was blocked by a jammer Tiberius was wearing in his ear.
It is simple my dear boy.  I have constructed a means to lure the Foe into a Black Hole, where it will be consumed by the gravity well of the Black Hole.  I have found a small planetoid that I have put massive engines on it, and on that planetoid will be in the center of it, the largest known manmade energy source comprised of Neutrons, Electrons, and everything that foes likes to eat, except for biological life forms of a high order. Give me credit, I am not that mad.  The planetoid has an artificial atmosphere and I have  been developing a biosphere of vegetations and smaller animal life for more than 1000 years with accelerated mutations and the latest science in Terra forming.  It might be a snack for the Foe, but it has not been free long enough to ignore even a snack.  Once I am the emperor of the universe, my men will guide that planetoid to the Foe then lead the Foe to that Black Hole. The Gravity well will pull that planetoid in and the Foe along with it.  Do you hear me Rowloon Bygoon.  Arrest me now, I will destroy this world by smashing this sphere on the floor  I have nothing to lose, but Regal Nebula Minor does. I suggest you let me out of this room Librarian, if I don’t communicate with my men. You are all doomed. Doomed I say.” Tiberius waved the sphere in the air.
Zeik reaches up and grabs the sphere from Tiberius hand.  With the sphere in his hand, he tosses it to the floor where it shattered into shards releasing a small stone pebble. Then with a telepathic command told the council members in the room it wasn’t real, harmless, not to panic. Nothing happened, no energy burst from the pebble.  It didn’t glow or grow.  No energy crackled and shot out of it to engulf the chamber.  The pebble laid there on the floor inert, then it vibrated and turned to dust.  Tiberius stood there in shock, expecting his doom.  When he realized there was no doom coming, he ran to the doors and tried to open the doors to the chamber but was thrown back from the force field to land on the floor screaming in agony.
“Tiberius, the next time I will increase the force to kill you.  Don’t test my resolve. Your Excellence you heard Tiberius describe his method of destroying the Foe. You also know that is rubbish, and why that is rubbish.”  Ziek turned to Tiberius who was still in agony on the floor.  Tiberius do you hear me. Your plot to rule the Universe failed.  Don’t you want to know why.  A little over 10 years ago earth time, more like a 100 years your time, I destroyed that Foe by imploding the artificial Black Hole that lives in the center of the Foe with anti-matter.  You were right about a Black Hole, but wrong about using a real Black Hole to destroy it.  The Omegon data, revealed to me what they discovered in their first experiment.  Data already buried deep in the restricted files in the Master Database. Which they were using an artificial Black Hole gravity well to create that energy source and that is why they shut down their project when they discovered the dangers involved.  When that experiment was recreated later by Regalese scientist they failed to realize they were building an artificial Black Hole that was capable of travel, rather than be stationary.  If had had been stationary.  Well, we wouldn’t be here now would we. They completed the experiment, and the Foe was born.  Your idea of leading it to a Black Hole would have only made the Foe to turn around, like two positive poles of two magnets they don’t attract or pull to each other.”
“Do you hear me Tiberius, I have already destroyed the Foe, and the seed you were hoping to gather and use to blackmail the Alliance to make you emperor is dust.  Your team of researchers reached the Foe after I destroyed it.  What they thought was a viable seed, was just a plain piece of  space rock, and yes it may have had some residual energy, but that energy was dying. The Foe may not be able to travel the universe, but it is very powerful still at it core and as it shrinks that core will be a ribbon of energy no probe or ship can travel through without being destroyed.  That pebble you men brought back in your containment field, had to have come from the very edge of the foe’s field, that containment field masked its dying energy.  When I smashed the sphere, the pebble was exposed to Regals atmosphere and turned to dust.”
Tiberius laid there on the floor moaning and rocking back and forth, obviously slipped into total madness.
  “Your Excellence, will you please get this rubbish out of your council room.  I have turned off the force field.  Secretary, please end the recording of this council meeting and transfer a copy to my ship.  Rowloon, I believe we have a friend in prison who needs to be released.  I don’t think Tiberius is going to be able to prove his charges against Cornelius.
“Guards, you may enter now. Please remove this rubbish on the floor.  Secretary order a shutdown, of all space ports on Regal, no ships regardless of clearances is to leave this planet, until each ship is inspected and its crews or passengers are cleared. Then ask the City Constables to round up all the known followers of Tiberius, on charges of treason.  When that is done, Secretary order Cornelius released from prison all charges dropped and escorted here to the council chambers.  Secretary, one last thing, in five minutes please open all public channels for an official statement from his Excellence of the Alliance of Worlds.” Turning to the Librarian.  “Librarian would you do the honors of announcing Cornelius release, and public announcement that the “Foe” is dead.
When all the Alliance member Worlds, and non-member Worlds, heard The Librarians announcement that the Foe was certainly dead and released the video of its destruction.  There was a universal party on every world who had heard the announcement.  On Regal the populace celebrated Cornelius release from prison and the dropping of his charges.  Ziek greeting Cornelius in the council chamber, which shocked Cornelius to see his prodigy on Regal.  When Rowloon Bygoon explained Zieks role in freeing him from prison. Cornelius was equally shocked that Ziek had proven his innocence for Cornelius had resigned himself to Tiberius succeeding in convincing the High Security Council of his guilt.  Cornelius sat there in the private office of his Excellence and watched the entire proceedings of Zieks defense, and outcome he was more than, shocked. He was speechless.  Then it set in that the “Foe” was dead, destroyed and Cornelius awoke from his stupor and danced a Regalese traditional dance of joy, as the populace around Regal was dancing as well.  Later in privacy with Ziek, Cornelius admitted his fears to Ziek that his brother would succeed in having him executed for treason.  
Privately, Cornelius mourned his brothers madness and tried to deal with the fact that Tiberius was just another maniacal man who wanted to rule the universe as its emperor, a mad man who was willing to destroy the whole universe to get his throne. As a Librarian, Cornelius was very much aware of the Universes many world history where such men and women of many species would sink into the depth of madness to have that power of sitting on a throne and what it would meant to them to sit that throne, even at the cost of destroying worlds.  The Foe was a mindless artificial creation and had no conscious thought to blame for its destruction of worlds, unlike sentient beings who had a chose to destroy or not destroy.  Cornelius believed the Foe needed to be destroyed and had no remorse for its destruction.  With Tiberius, on the other hand, his death by the laws of the Alliance worlds, would tear his hearts apart. Cornelius spend the rest of his natural life on Regal mourning that lose.  Ziek returned to Earth, where after another full body plastic surgery, resumed his leadership of the Dr. Jones observatory and research center. While as Ziek, the Librarian and would be the Librarian for more than 400 earth years, or in Library years, 6000 years before he found his replacement, A Regalese from Cornelius bloodline.  Ziek enjoyed his many years as an Ambassador at large for the Library having many adventures finding new data for the Library, bringing back artifacts from the newest discovering of long-lost dead civilizations.
###
