

The Apocalypse Script
***
Book 1 of the Nisirtu Series

The Apocalypse Script
By Samuel Fort

Second Edition

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2014 Samuel Fort

http://samuelfort.com

This book is available in print at most online retailers.

Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. 

Thank you for your support.

All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.




There are those whose teeth are swords, whose fangs are knives, to devour the poor from off the earth, and the needy from among mankind. 
Proverbs 30:14

Prologue - February 4th, First Year of the Second Era

Part 1 - September 21st , Final Year of the First Era
Chapter 1 - The Assignment
Chapter 2 - Afghanistan
Chapter 3 - Fiela

Part 2 - September 22nd
Chapter 4 - Quarantined
Chapter 5 - Legend of Tiwanaku
Chapter 6 - Arrival at Steepleguard
Chapter 7 - The Tablets Revealed
Chapter 8 - Moros
Chapter 9 - Her Father’s Ring
Chapter 10 - Paupers in a Limo
Chapter 11 - The Ziggurat
Chapter 12 - The Return of Fiela
Chapter 13 - The Terrors

Part 3 - September 23rd
Chapter 14 - The Morning Pudding
Chapter 15 - The Contract
Chapter 16 - The Picnic
Chapter 17 - The Apocalypse Script
Chapter 18 - The Scripts
Chapter 19 - Empyrean Glossa
Chapter 20 - The King’s Madness
Chapter 21 - The Meeting of the Four
Chapter 22 - Fiela’s Intercession
Chapter 23 - The Wedding Night

Part 4 - September 24th
Chapter 24 - Nocte Sicarius
Chapter 25 - Daybreak
Chapter 26 - Trucks
Chapter 27 - Family History
Chapter 28 - Guests
Chapter 29 - The Devil in the Details
Chapter 30 - Lilian’s Angst
Chapter 31 - The Fading Light
Chapter 32 - The Rod

Part 5 - September 25th - Dawn
Chapter 33 - Green Light
Chapter 34 - The Poisoned Kiss
Chapter 35 - Lilian’s Respite
Chapter 36 - Lady Del
Chapter 37 - Falling Rocks
Chapter 38 - Duke of the Ordunas
Chapter 39 - Shock Troops
Chapter 40 - Flashback

Part 6 - September 25th - Dusk
Chapter 41 - Lilitu’s Speech
Chapter 42 - The Attack
Chapter 43 - Breach
Chapter 44 - Betrayed
Chapter 45 - Resurrection
Chapter 46 - Fiela Denied
Chapter 47 - The Sillum

Part 7 - September 26th and 27th
Chapter 48 - Sparks
Chapter 49 - Fire
Chapter 50 - Family Album

The Ardoon King

Glossary of Terms
 
Prologue - February 4th, First Year of the Second Era

“Stay where you are!”  The command came from a prone man atop a detached semi-trailer buttressed by snow-covered sandbags. The barrel of the man’s rifle extended just over the edge and its scope glinted as the sentry aimed in on the newcomers. The trailer completely blocked the road and on either side of it were walls of stacked concertina wire sheathed in ice. 
A minute passed, and when no further commands came, the man below yelled back, “My name is Vedeus.”  Switching to the secret tongue, he added, “Peth-Allati of the Tenth Kingdom.”  He motioned with his head toward the shivering, robed figure sitting behind him on the horse. “With me is Persipia, a noble daughter of the Eighth. She is ill and seeks refuge.”
Vedeus waited for a response that didn’t come. The man behind the rifle on top of the trailer didn’t move. More minutes passed, during which the only sounds were the howling of the frigid wind and the snorts of the ragged and weary horse beneath him. Plumes of steam rose from the animal’s frosted snout as it drooped its head in exhaustion.  The long slog up the mountain in knee-deep snow had taken two weeks and there had been little to forage. 
The man was perplexed as to why he had not been ordered to identify himself, dismount, or lay down his weapon. Perhaps speaking the secret language of Agati had been a mistake? But the odd fellow in the city below had assured him that his kind guarded the passes. If that was true, speaking the secret language should expedite Vedeus’s safe passage. If his contact in the city was wrong, however, and slaves guarded this pass, the use of any language but English was likely to be a mortal error. Most of the slaves couldn’t distinguish Agati from Russian and the only thing they feared more than a foreigner was a foreigner with shotgun across his lap. 
 He was jarred by the sound of a squelching radio on the wall above him. It had been months since he had heard such a sound. Almost no electronic devices worked since the collapse.  A muffled conversation between a guard he couldn’t see and some distant master followed.
“We shall not be allowed in,” murmured the woman behind the Peth, wringing her gloved hands against his stomach. “I am a traitor.  If the Annasa allows me inside, it will only be to torture me.”
“I was assured by the one who cared for you that you would be admitted and treated properly, Miss.”  Shaking the frost from his beard, he added, “At any rate, our lot is cast. We would never make it back to the city and even if we did, you know what waits for us there. The stench of a hundred thousand corpses and the cries of the infected and starving. Better to die here, in the peace of the mountains.”
“We could go elsewhere,” protested the passenger weakly.
“No. It is the same everywhere. I have seen it with my own eyes. The scripts were effective beyond measure. We have succeeded. The world is dead.”  He spat into the snow. “All hail the wisdom of the Nisirtu.”
“Surely some kingdoms have survived.”
“Perhaps. But where are they?”
The girl could not answer, of course, and the truth was that her new protector had his doubts about the survival of any of the kingdoms.  Three of the ten were wiped out during the rebellion. The location of the other ruling families was unknown to him.  He had spent months traveling across the plains in an effort to reach his own only to find the estate abandoned and looted. The House had left no messages for its subjects. 
Less than a year ago he had been told that the Nisirtu would be insulated from the collapse. He had been told that there might be some short-term discomforts but that these would be the labor pains required for a glorious rebirth of the world. In time, he was promised, the Nisirtu would reassert itself and again place its heels on the necks of the slaves that had unknowingly challenged the invisible order’s dominance. 
Had that been a lie or a delusion? Or had he been told the truth? Was he giving up too quickly? It had only been six months since the collapse.  He could have kept riding, perhaps to the coast, in search of an answer. 
Yet his dreams warned him to find refuge soon.  There was something horrific coming for him – for everyone. Something more horrible than Cage’s disease, or radiation, or hunger, because the thing that was coming was sentient. It had a mind, and that scared him. He imagined he could feel the thing’s breath on his neck when he slept, though his dreams assured him that it was still far away.
A man in winter camouflage appeared to the right of the trailer and began removing a section of concertina wire that had been attached to wooden boards to form a makeshift gate.  When it was withdrawn another man appeared, this one riding a white horse.  
Persipia, seeing the man, gasped.
“A lord of the Peth!” she exclaimed.
“Yes,” replied Vedeus stoically, trying to conceal the emotion in his own voice. The appearance of the figure now approaching them was proof that not only had he finally found his own kind, but that these people had a hierarchy. Rules. Order. He hadn’t realized how much he needed order in his life until he began roaming the fields of anarchy months ago.
The figure on the stallion that moved slowly toward them was bearded, as were almost all men now, and was dressed in the black combat armor of the Peth-Allati. A red cloak churned in the wind behind him. Only Nisirtu military officers of highest station were allowed cloaks but more indicative of the man’s status was the brilliant ceremonial breastplate he wore atop his real body armor. Silver and adorned with intricate cuneiform calligraphy, it shimmered beneath the dull winter sun. 
“Peth Vedeus,” boomed the man as he approached with his right hand raised in greeting. “I am-”
Persipia startled both men by throwing herself into the snow and beginning to crawl forward. “Lord!” she cried, “Have mercy and take me to the king!  I am promised to him!” 
Vedeus and the other man quickly jumped from their horses. The Peth lord reached the woman first and lifted her into his arms effortlessly. She weighed almost nothing. 
“You will meet him soon,” he assured her.
Grasping his collar, she pleaded in a hoarse voice, “Tell him I am here. Tell him to protect me.”
“From who, Lady?”
“Her,” whispered the woman. But then her eyelids slowly closed and her body went limp in his arms.
“She has had a hard time of it,” said Vedeus. “Her mother, a lady, was brutally killed shortly before we began our ascent. She was unwell even before that, and the lack of food and warmth this past week has put her into a state of delirium. Until we reached this place she uttered hardly a word to me.”
“She will be cared for,” replied the Peth lord. “The queen has sent me to retrieve her. Bring the horses. I will carry the woman through the gate.”
The traveler took the reins of both animals in one hand and began following the other man through the opening in the wire. There were tall trees on either side of the road and the two men trudged into their shadows.
“Shall I not hand over my weapon?” asked Vedeus, seeing two figures in white camouflage emerge from the trailer and fall in behind him. Both wore black masks across their faces and carried high-tech carbines with laser sites. 
“That will not be necessary.”
Not necessary? I am stranger carrying a shotgun…  
The road on which he found himself zigged and zagged upward and the many abandoned cars parked on it formed a maze of sorts. The entourage walked for another ten minutes in silence. Vedeus began to worry that he not been disarmed because he would not be traveling as far as his escorts - that a bullet might find its way into his head at any moment.
“What shall be done with me?” he asked at last, looking over his shoulder at the men with guns.  
The figure ahead said, “Don’t worry, Vedeus. The Fifth Kingdom is in need of soldiers like you.”  
The emaciated warrior jerked his head forward and said with astonishment, “The Fifth Kingdom stands?”
“The true Fifth Kingdom, yes. Here, in these mountains, and below. Our spies have been watching you for some time.  Tell me, what was the name of the man you spoke to in the ruins of the city before you began your journey here?”
“He did not give me his name, or else I do not remember it. I found him tending to the girl and her mother and he insisted I bring the girl here.”
“Why would you acquiesce to such a request?”
Vedeus had asked himself that same question a million times. Since he did not know the answer, he told the man ahead what he had begun to tell himself. “He spoke the secret tongue and I felt pity for the woman.”
“I see,” said the Peth lord without inflection. He walked another ten paces and said,  “You will be examined by our medical team, fed, and allowed a chance to wash up and sleep. After that we will talk. I believe roasted turkey is on the menu. Does that suit you?” 
Here, at last, Vedeus broke down. Icy tears streamed down his chapped red face and onto his filthy and matted beard. “Suit me?” he croaked. “To lick the pan it was cooked in would be a feast.” His growling stomach prompted him to ask, “How far is it to your camp?”
The other man laughed. “Camp? Vedeus, you have reached Steepleguard.”
“I do not know the name,” admitted the Peth. “The man in the city told me only to seek refuge at the top of the mountain. You have a fortification, then?”
“Of a kind.”  
The group had reached a bend in the road. As they turned and began a sharp ascent up a wide path cleared of snow, Vedeus came to an abrupt stop.  Perhaps a hundred yards in the distance was a hill on which had been constructed a building of monstrous size. It was a city unto itself, four stories tall and as wide as a football field. Stone towers marked its perimeter. Each of its hundreds of windows was aglow with a warm yellow light. Smoke rose from a dozen chimneys. 
He thought he could hear music and he smelled….oh gods, is this possible? Somewhere, in some unseen kitchen, bread was being baked. As the scent wafted over him he thought his knees might buckle. 
With the unconscious girl still in his arms, the Peth lord turned to face the new arrival. “Welcome, Vedeus, to the Fifth Kingdom of the Nisirtu.”


Part 1 - September 21st , Final Year of the First Era

“My son, why do you hide your face so anxiously?”
“Father, do you not see the Elf king? The Elf king with crown and tail?”
“My son, it’s a wisp of fog.”

- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Der Erlkönig (1782)

Chapter 1 - The Assignment

A young man in a black silk suit with expensive hair opened the ornately carved double door.  “May I help you?” 
The man on the other side handed him a business card saying, “My name is Ben Mitchell. Miss Stratton is expecting me.” 
The servant carefully examined both the card and the man who proffered it. The visitor was unusually tall, about six and a half feet in height, and was dressed in black slacks, an inexpensive white shirt open at the collar, and a wool blazer that strained to contain his broad shoulders.  His hair was groomed to something approaching military standards and his brown eyes were alert.  
At length the servant nodded, recognizing the visitor as the man in the photograph his employer had shown him the day before. 
“Yes, sir,” said the servant, stepping aside. “Miss Stratton is in the music room. Please follow me.”
He led the newcomer down a long corridor adorned with ancient but carefully maintained Persian tapestries and stopped at the doorway of a spacious, round room. The room’s walls were Zebrawood, the floor checkered marble, and the ceiling a dome perforated by a skylight that admitted a copious amount of light into the space. In the middle of the space was a grand piano, a harp, and a dazzlingly beautiful woman playing a violin, her eyes closed in concentration.
“My name is Mr. Fetch,” the servant whispered to the guest. “Would you like something to drink?” 
“No, thank you, and please don’t disturb Miss Stratton. I’ll wait for her to finish.”
“As you wish, sir,” replied the servant, promptly exiting the room. 
 
Mr. Fetch? Ben had almost laughed but caught himself when he saw that the servant hadn’t so much as cracked a smile. The guest wondered if there was a Mr. Driver, a Miss Gardner and a Mr. Weedwacker wandering the estate, also.
He turned his attention to the woman. She appeared to be in her mid-twenties, a bit taller than average and perfectly proportioned. She wore a knee-length red silk dress and two strings of pearls.  Her blond hair was elaborately coifed with a jade pin. 
The composition she was playing was complex and she was completely absorbed in the manipulation of the violin’s strings. At some points she attacked the strings while at others she caressed them. While he was hardly an expert in the field, he thought Lilian Stratton might be what some called a virtuoso. 
When the last movement of the bow was complete, the room became eerily quiet and the woman opened her eyes. They were a brilliant emerald green. 
“Thank you for coming, Mr. Mitchell. I apologize for not meeting you at the door.”
“Not at all. What’s the name of that piece?”
“Ernst’s Grand Caprice on Schubert’s Der Erlkönig.” 
“Der Erlkönig. The Elf king?”
She lowered the violin and smiled a million dollar smile. “That’s right. You speak German?”
“A little.”  He was trying to identify her accent, which was slight. It certainly wasn’t German.
“It was inspired by one of Goethe’s poems,” she said. She retrieved a violin case from a nearby chair and began fiddling with the clasps. “In the poem a man is riding through a gloomy forest cradling his young son in one arm. The child, who is facing the forest’s edge, sees the king of the elves and his underlings watching him from the shadows. The elves call out to the boy, promising him games, flowers, and music if only he will abandon his father and join them.”
She gently placed the violin in its case. “The son is terrified and warns his father that the elves are trying to take him, but the father sees nothing, of course. He tells his son the elves are mere wisps of fog, a figment of the boy’s imagination.”
“These do not sound like Christmas elves.”
“No, far from it. These are evil creatures that crawl up from the cracks of the earth. When the boy refuses to join them, they get angry and grab him. He wails, telling his father the elves are hurting him. Disturbed by his son’s cries, the father spurs his horse to go faster, but to no avail. When he reaches his home he discovers that his son has died in his arms.”
“I see. The hallucinations were brought on by a fever.”
The woman closed the case and perched it on a table behind the piano.  “That’s one interpretation,” she said circumspectly. “Let’s go to the patio, shall we? It’s a dazzling morning and we have important things to discuss.”
The woman led him back into the corridor and ultimately through a set of French doors that opened onto a patio at the rear of the mansion that overlooked a garden. The patio, constructed of a pinkish terrazzo tile, was appropriately sized for the edifice adjacent to it. Around its oval perimeter were immaculately pruned plants of every kind in a blinding array of colors and shapes. 
In the middle were a wrought iron table, painted white, and four matching chairs. A silver tea and coffee service had been positioned next to a vase of tulips. Mr. Fetch appeared and seated Lilian Stratton before gently placing Ben’s business card on the table next to her. The cool morning air was fragrant with the scent of gardenias and invisible birds chirped in the distance.
Looking up, his hostess asked, “Coffee or tea, Mr. Mitchell?” 
“Coffee, please. Black. And please, call me Ben.” 
As she filled the porcelain cup, she said, “Very well, Ben, and you may call me Lilian.”  Without raising her head, she said quietly, “Mr. Fetch, you’ll please wait inside. I’ll ring if I need you.”
The servant bowed slightly and retreated. The woman handed Ben his coffee and then poured herself a cup of tea. Taking a sip, she picked up the business card that Mr. Fetch had placed on the table and began reading it aloud.
“Ben Mitchell, Ph.D., Epigraphist and Researcher, Ancient Languages and Writing Systems, Hittite, Sumerian, Akkadian, Cuneiform…well, the list goes on and on. I don’t know what most of this means. I’m surprised you could fit it all on a business card.”   
He smiled. “Anything is possible with the right font. So what can I do for you, Lilian?” 
She returned the card to the table, saying “A close family friend by the name of Ridley, who has an estate in the mountains, has some stone tablets bearing inscriptions that he would like your assistance with. He says to tell you they are quite ancient and that this something of an emergency.”
Ben swallowed his first sip of coffee before saying, “The translation of ancient tablets is rarely an emergency.”
“And yet,” the woman replied, “Ridley assures me that is the case. He is, you see, very elderly and is cataloguing his estate in preparation for the inevitable. He believes the tablets are valuable and wants to ensure they end up in the right hands.”
“They’ve never been examined before?”
“Not by an expert.”
“Interesting. What can you tell me about them?”
In a banal tone, she replied, “Ridley says they contain the oldest human writing system ever discovered.”  
Ben coughed, cleared his throat. “Excuse me. That is…well, a rather spectacular claim, Lilian.”
“Is it?” she asked, as if it meant nothing to her. Seemingly out of nowhere, his hostess produced a large manila envelope sealed with red wax, which she extended to him. There were odd imprints in the wax. Cuneiform, the man thought immediately, but then saw he was wrong. The characters weren’t quite right.
“A few photographs,” she explained.
Ben broke the seal with his fingers and peered into the envelope. There were about a dozen portrait-sized color photos inside. He withdrew one and placed it in his lap. It was of a black stone tablet, perhaps a foot square in size, inscribed with thousands of densely packed lines, swirls, and irregular shapes in a variety of colors. The individual inscriptions appeared no more than a millimeter or two in width. He couldn’t determine from the photographs what gave them their colors.
“Where were the tablets found?” he asked, placing a pair of spectacles on his nose before scanning the next image.
Lilian shrugged. “You’d need to ask Ridley.” 
“Uh-huh,” said the researcher distractedly. After taking a few minutes to review the rest of the photos, he said, “To be frank, Lilian, I have some concerns, foremost among them being the physical properties of the inscriptions. My impression is that they are too intricate to be ancient. Also, the engravings might be decorative or ceremonial glyphs. There are no distinguishable graphemes so I’m not sure why your friend Ridley believes the inscriptions constitute a writing system. I’ll need to study these photos and do some research before agreeing to take the job.”
Lilian shook her head. “You won’t find anything like them in your reference books, Ben.”
He removed the spectacles and squinted. “Why do you say that?”
“All tablets of this variety are in the possession of Ridley. There are no others, I can assure you, and only his closest friends are aware of their existence - at least, until now. Don’t you think a man in your field would have seen similar tablets already if they were in the public domain?”
“Not necessarily. I deal in languages and writing systems. It’s possible that there are artifacts with similar markings that I haven’t seen simply because the engravings were classified as decorative or ritualistic and have never been brought to the attention of someone in my field.”
“I see,” the woman said, looking mildly disappointed.
“Don’t get me wrong,” he added, “I am interested in the job. I just need to do my due diligence. I’ve got appointments in New York and Istanbul this week, but as soon as I return I’d be happy to meet with your friend to examine the tablets in person.”
Lilian frowned. “Oh, no, Ben. I’m sorry, but that won’t do. Ridley would be furious with me. He wants you to examine the tablets tomorrow.”  
“Tomorrow? I’m afraid that’s not possible. As I said-”
“You will be well-compensated, I promise.”
“It’s not that, Lilian. I have commitments to long-standing clients.”
A long silence followed as the prim woman studied her manicured nails. At length, she said, “What if you didn’t?”
Ben didn’t understand the purpose of the question. “Well, obviously, I’d then be happy to examine the tablets, but that’s not the situation I’m in.”
Lilian took another sip of her tea, looking at him over the lip of the delicate, translucent cup. Lowering it, she asked, “Have you checked your messages recently?”

Ben eyed her skeptically before warily pulling out his phone. He saw that six texts had arrived in that last twenty minutes. Each was from a client he was supposed to perform work for that week, including a prestigious New York museum, and each client said that due to events beyond their control they would be unable to keep their appointments with him. 
“This doesn’t make any sense,” he said, staring at the screen. 
“You have an opening, then?”
He looked at her accusingly. “You’re behind this?”
“I am.”
The man struggled to reconcile his anger and disbelief. “I’d like to know how you gained access to my schedule and what you said to my clients to persuade them to cancel. You may have significantly damaged my reputation, Lilian.”
The woman sighed. “Ben, your principles and indignation aside, how much would I have to offer you to get you to meet with Ridley tomorrow?”
His anger winning out, he said loudly, “I don’t put my principles aside, Lilian.”
“Ten million dollars.”
The anger vanished like a whiff of smoke in a hurricane. “What?”
“Ten million dollars for one day of work. If you determine the tablets are authentic and agree to decipher them, that figure will be far higher.”
The researcher said nothing for a long moment. Then, “You can’t be serious.”
 “I’m quite serious. In fact, I’ve already taken the liberty of having the funds deposited into your account.”  She nodded at the phone he still held. “I don’t mind waiting while you verify that.”

Chapter 2 - Afghanistan

Back at his office, Ben Mitchell withdrew a beer from the mini-fridge and plopped down in front of his computer, still in a state of shock. He had been paid ten million dollars in advance for a day’s work, with the promise that the tablets he would be inspecting contained the oldest writing system ever discovered. Swallowing his pride, he had agreed to meet Lilian at her mansion at eight in the morning the following day.
A millionaire. He was a millionaire.
He held his beer in the air and tipped the neck of the bottle in the direction of a photograph on the wall. It was a photograph of him in his Marine dress blues, taken many years ago. A grin on his face, he said, “You’ve come a long way, Corporal Mitchell!”

He had been born just over three decades earlier in Boduska, Colorado, the only child of a tractor parts salesman and a substitute teacher.  His father had died of a heart attack when Ben was fourteen years old and his mother had killed herself his senior year by driving drunk off a bridge into river a few miles north of town.  There was talk of putting him into the custody of the State since he had no known surviving family, but he turned eighteen before a decision could be made and so he finished school living alone in his deceased parents’ dilapidated two-bedroom home. 
A week before he graduated he learned that his mother had been seven months behind in making the house payments and that the bank was going to foreclose. With no particular hopes or aspirations and no money, he did what many poor young men in the area did - he joined the military. It was early in the first decade of the twenty-first century. The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were running full throttle and the military was begging for volunteers. He had ended up in the Marines for the simple reason that when he had visited the Armed Forced Recruiting offices in Boduska’s only strip mall, it was lunchtime, and the only recruiter who had remained at his post was the Marine recruiter. 
Prior to going to boot camp he took the ASVAB and was told he had an aptitude for languages that was off the charts. In fact, the results were so unbelievable that the Department of Defense assumed the results were incorrectly tabulated. The Marines tasked him take the DLAB, or Defense Language Aptitude Battery examination, and when he did the results were even more incredible. He’d aced it, which was technically impossible.
In subsequent interviews with befuddled Marine officers Ben explained that he had always had a knack for languages. He had learned to speak a variety of languages, albeit at the elementary level, by simply watching foreign movies with subtitles. This included German, Hindi, Spanish, French, Chinese, and Italian.  The Marines verified this by interviewing him with native speakers from their own ranks. Checking his records they saw that the boy had no formal training on any of the languages he spoke. 
The new Marine was promptly assigned the MOS of 2671, or Cryptologic Linguist, Middle East, and was instructed to report the Defense Language Institute in Monterey, California to attend a forty-seven week long Pashto-Afghan language class. After that he spent a year in various cryptology courses around the United States, learning to identify, use, and break codes used by foreign governments and militaries in Southwest Asia. 
 After almost two years of training - his enlistment was for six years - he finally touched down at Kandahar Airfield, usually referred to by its one-syllable nickname, ‘kaf,’ where he spent five months rotating between combat duties in Pashtun tribal areas, diplomatic translator assignments for the State Department, and intelligence analysis missions for the Department of Defense. 
But a bad thing had happened about nine months into his tour. He and an Army soldier he had befriended were tasked to serve as translators for some intelligence officials that had flown in from the United States to attend a high level meeting with various tribal leaders in Kabul. The soldier was Eddie Forbes, a Dari linguist from Brooklyn. The plan was for them to fly fixed wings to Bagram Airfield from Kandahar and then continue on to Camp Phoenix, in Kabul, by rotary, but bad weather grounded flights out of Bagram. It was apparently impossible to reschedule the meeting for diplomatic reasons, so the U.S. officials had elected to chance a ground movement.
The convoy to Kabul consisted of five up-armored GMC Suburbans operated by a private security company, with the two officials in the second vehicle, Eddie in the third, and Ben in the fourth. The use of private security firms for non-combat related ground movements was standard protocol, freeing military vehicles and personnel for combat missions. Most of the private security personnel were highly competent former military types who had spent a good portion of their careers “outside the wire.”  
 Unfortunately, soon after the convoy left KAF, two semi-trailers carrying munitions collided on the main rain road to Kabul, closing it. That was the road they had planned to take since the Afghan National Army and Coalition regularly patrolled it and swept it for roadside bombs. Against the team leader’s objections, the suit in charge directed that an alternate route through a nearby village be used.  
That’s where the vehicle-borne improvised explosive device, or VBIED, had ended the young Marine’s military career.  The convoy had entered the village along narrow gravel road and was forced to stop when it encountered a dead end not shown on any maps or the GPS display. The Suburban’s drivers were struggling to turn their vehicles around on a road that was hardly wide enough to accommodate them while villagers, donkeys and goats swarmed around them. 
 As the drivers cursed, Ben saw a junky white Toyota, riding low to the ground, zipping toward the convoy from a side street. He had barked a warning, but it was too late. They were sitting ducks.  The VBIED detonated between the second and third vehicles, turning them into modern art. The driver of Ben’s vehicle instinctively slammed on the brakes and turned his steering wheel violently, sending his Suburban careening into a concrete ditch. 
Everything after that was a blur.  The truck lay diagonally on one side in the ditch. Ben had a vague recollection of knifing through his seatbelt and kicking the door above him open, his ears ringing and blood dripping into his eyes from his forehead. Some angry villagers had appeared and commenced pulling him from truck but he had yelled at them in Pashto and lashed out with his knife, slicing two men. They had dropped him only to start brutally kicking him. His rifle was still in the Suburban and he didn’t carry a pistol, so his only defense was his knife, which he began to swing and thrust angrily.
As the surviving security team members started firing warning shots at the mob, one of Ben’s attackers managed to get behind him and slammed a piece of pipe into the base of his neck. The Marine blacked out. When he regained consciousness minutes later, he saw a severed hand, minus a pinky, lying a few inches from his face in a pool of oil. It bore a stainless steel wedding ring with an engraved golden tribal band. It was Eddie Forbes’ ring. 
A mangy brown and black dog appeared from out of nowhere and scooped the remains up in his mouth. The dog glared at Ben menacingly, Eddie’s hand in its mouth, and the Marine had screamed, and continued screaming, in pain and grief, until a member of the security detail from the trailing vehicle appeared and shot the dog and then pummeled the animal’s corpse until it was a lump of meat.
That had made Ben laugh, and the problem was he hadn’t stopped laughing for a long time, or crying, and everyone agreed he was pretty messed up and should be given a one-way ticket back to the States. 

Four months later, the medical and psychological evaluations and the paperwork completed, Ben, honorably discharged, sat in a Denver motel watching a commercial about feminine hygiene products with a strawberry milkshake in one hand and a remote in the other. 
A painful year of readjustment followed. He suffered long bouts of depression, was easily startled and more easily angered, and often woke from nightmares soaked in sweat. Worse, he found that the mental wall he had built in Afghanistan to insulate himself from the world remained pretty much intact back in the United States.  The entire world seemed ‘out there,’ even when he was in it.
He began to attend Veterans Administration counseling for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, or PTSD. The counseling was no magic bullet but the sessions did, at least, help him to readjust to life in the United States, and they reminded him of what normal people were like. While he was never able to completely restore the humanity he had lost overseas, he did learn how to pretend to be like everyone else. He found that if he did a good enough job of fooling others, he could lead a relatively normal life. 
His counselor had encouraged him to find a new “mission,” and toward that end the former Marine had decided to finally tap his sizable college fund to pursue degrees in Near East Languages and Cuneiform studies. While his choice of majors would have seemed peculiar to most, especially for a former ‘jarhead,’ it was a no-brainer to Ben. He had always been interested in history, was familiar with the Middle East and Southwest Asia, had an aptitude for languages, and had been trained to break codes. What other field could make better use of his interests, talents, and experience?
The former linguist immersed himself in the study Assyriology, Hittitology, and Sumerology, but fostered a special passion for undeciphered writing systems, such as Proto-Elamite. He found that the decipherment of esoteric writing systems of extinct languages was very much like breaking military or diplomatic codes of living languages, something the former cryptologic linguist found instinctively appealing. He was the top student in every class he took.
Subsequent to obtaining his doctorate, Ben had accepted a teaching position at a midwestern university, but he soon tired of the rote lessons, the tedious staff meetings and the vanities of his peers. He took a chance and began to freelance, offering his epigraphy, language, and research talents to whoever would pay for them. Fortunately, it did not take him long to develop, through word of mouth and a few well-reviewed publications, a dependable client base of museums, academic institutions, governments, and wealthy artifacts collectors. 
The money had not been, until today, anything to brag about, but that hadn’t really mattered. He was motivated by the challenge of deciphering the undecipherable and of being just one insight away from hearing the ancients speak to him. Though it hadn’t happened yet and probably never would, he secretly fostered the hope that someday one those ancients might provide him some key insight; some mind-blowing tidbit of knowledge that would shake the academic world to its core. 
Ben smiled and shook his head. Ah, vanity.
He finished off his beer thinking about his new client, Lilian Stratton, a woman who seemed to have it all. She was not only rich but also extraordinarily good-looking and musically gifted. A handsome man, Ben had no problem finding companionship but he had yet to find an emotional match. He wondered if what happened in Afghanistan had made such a match impossible. He wondered, too, what type of men Lilian Stratton dated. The type that owned jets, he decided, and played polo, and went on weekend outings to Greek islands. 
He found he was hungry. Scanning his many bookshelves, he decided upon four reference books, which he pulled and dumped into his leather satchel. Placing the Stratton photographs on top, he swung the strap over one shoulder and moved toward the door, pondering languages and cadaverous civilizations and polo.

Chapter 3 - Fiela

Ben turned on his radio and guided his Audi onto the street. 
As he approached a stoplight that was turning red, the speakers blared: “Public health officials today announced that an estimated fourteen thousand people have died from Cage’s disease in the city of New York in just the past week. This is a significant setback for Government officials who have implemented a variety of measures to contain the virus, to include health-screening checkpoints at the nation’s major airports. The disease, which first appeared in Los Angeles just five months ago, has so far claimed the lives of almost a quarter of million people in the United States alone.  
“The situation is even worse in parts of Europe, Russia, and Asia, where deaths are believed to be in the tens of millions, though official numbers put the total much lower. Cases have now also been reported in Australia and New Zealand, once thought of as safe-havens from the pandemic. Experts at the Center for Disease Control have so far been unsuccessful in identifying the source of the pathosis, though at least one expert suggest that the pathogen agent is a ‘rapid-acting prion protein.’   
“Symptoms of Cage’s disease include rapid-onset dementia, changes in personality, paranoia, speech impairment, and loss of muscle control. Unofficial figures show the mortality rate of Cage’s disease to be ninety-seven percent. Death usually occurs within five weeks of the first symptoms occurring.” 
Turning right would take the researcher to his favorite sports bar, but he wasn’t really in the mood for chicken wings and a big screen. Could he actually watch television knowing the Stratton photographs were in his satchel begging for his attention?
“Several cities and towns along I-15 and I-40 in Utah and Arizona have gone so far as to erect physical barriers at exit ramps in order prevent Interstate travelers from entering their towns. Officials emphasize that such acts are unnecessary, ineffective, and illegal. Nevertheless, U.S. health officials recommend that Americans not travel unless it is absolutely necessary to do so. Other precautions…”
No. He had made a commitment to review the photographs that day and that was, in fact, all he wanted to do. The light changed to green and he drove forward only to be stopped at another red light fifty yards further down the road. 
“…reports a failed U.S. drone strike on a suspected Iranian missile launch site. Debris from the drone, which the Iranians claim was shot down using sophisticated anti-aircraft weaponry developed in coordination with-”
Ben punched the radio’s power button. Why did he bother with the news anymore? It was bad yesterday, worse today, and would be worse yet tomorrow.  Cage’s disease had made many people afraid to leave their homes, especially since video of victims started appearing on the internet four months ago, their lifeless eyes and spasmodic bodies putting the diseased in a gruesome zombie-like state.  To date, Denver had been spared, but the researcher knew it was only a matter of time before Cage’s arrived at the city’s outskirts.
The Iranians reportedly had nuclear-tipped intermediate range missiles. The U.S. and China were playing a game of brinkmanship in the Pacific. Russia had gobbled up yet another of the former Soviet-bloc nations. The stock market was gyrating wildly, up and down ten percent on a daily basis, with three new mysterious “flash crashes” in the past month. Some kind of blight had struck the wheat and corn fields everywhere on the planet, sending the price of groceries sky high, at least if you wanted anything made of or fed wheat or corn - which was just about everything. Food riots had erupted in Africa, Asia, and South America.
The world was going to hell, no doubt about it.
The light finally turned green. He tapped the accelerator and turned left.

Ben had lunch and drove to a small local library that was, thanks to the internet, almost always deserted, thus offering its few guests large tables, spacious seating, and plenty of quiet. There, Ben withdrew from his satchel an aging, leather-bound book with several loose yellowing pages. The faded gold title read: Ancient Alphabets and Hieroglyphic Characters Explained, by, in the Arabic Language, Ahmad Bin Abubekr Bin Wahshih and, in the English Language, Joseph Hammer, Secretary to the Imperial Legation at Constantinople. London. 1806.
He flipped to a bookmarked page and read,
…another old unknown alphabet (see orig. p. 134). This the Curds falsely pretend to be the alphabet, in which the Binushad and Massi Surali composed all their scientific and mechanical works. We are ignorant to what alphabet these letters belong, as we never could make out the language which they express; but I saw at Bagdad, thirty-three inscriptions writing in this alphabet…
Ben studied the characters but only large quantities of imagination and alcohol would allow him to see any similarities between them and what was shown in the photographs. Finding the English translation lacking he switched to the Arabic text, but while more correct, it did not change the fact that the writing system in the photographs did not correspond to that shown in the book. 
Neither did he find satisfaction in his comparison to the characters shown in An Illustrated Account of the Inscriptions of the Near East, published in 1936, or A Study of Crytolanguages, published in 2004, or The Library of Lost Tongues, published in 1924. 
Ben remained in the library until the sun was low in the sky and then drove to a nearby coffee shop. Ordering a sandwich, water, and coffee, he moved to a corner booth with a good view of the mountains. He had just pulled out the photographs to renew his studies when he heard a young woman’s voice. 
“Sir?”
He looked up. Next to him was a girl with long hair dyed pink and blue and a ribbon pinned to one side.  She wore heavy makeup, to include purplish lipstick and Cimmerian mascara around her unusual violet eyes. He assumed she was wearing colored contact lenses. 
 “Yes?” Ben replied, sliding the photographs to one side. He noticed her eyeing them as he did so.
She said, “My name is Fiela,” pronouncing the word Fee-yel-uh, with an accent on the middle syllable. “Lilian sent me.”
“Oh,” he said, confused. How had she known where to find him? 
“Can I sit down?”
“Yes, sorry. Please.” He made a gesture with his hand toward the opposite bench.
The stranger sat. “Thanks.”  Grinning, she said, “You’re surprised, huh?”
Ben nodded. The girl was dressed in a style he thought of as ‘punk’ - a too-big leather jacket adorned with metal studs draped over a carefully ripped white tee-shirt with a lithograph of some rock band he’d never heard of. There were garish rings on every finger. 
He said, “How did you find me?”
“I followed you from Lilian’s place.”
He knit his brows. “Why?”
“I am her guardian.”  The girl had an accent - the same nearly imperceptible accent as Lilian’s. 
Ben chuckled. “Oh, really? Whom do you guard her against?”
Shrugging, the girl said, “Whoever.”
This had to be a joke. “I’m sorry, but you’re what, twenty years old?”
“Twenty-two.”
“You’re rather young for a bodyguard.”
“Not really,” she replied indignantly, the grin vanishing. “I’ve been fighting for a long time.” 
Fighting? “Are you armed?”
“No.”
“So you’ve been fighting since you were in diapers and you don’t have a weapon, but you protect Lilian from…whoever. I assume you’re following me to make sure I’m not a threat.”
“That’s right,” she said agreeably, apparently blind to the sarcasm. She added, “I think you’re okay, though. You’re Ardoon.”
“Ardoon?”  He thought about that. “A slave?”
Her eyes went wide. Leaning forward, she whispered, “Attis Nisirtu?”
Gears turned rapidly in the researcher’s brain. Ardu was an Akkadian word for slave and that Ardoon might be the same word had been a lucky guess. Attis he didn’t know. Ni-sir-too, with an accent on the second syllable…that was… what? Hidden something, right? His best guess was that she had asked him, “Are you a hidden one?”  
“No,” he improvised, “I’m a researcher. You know a little Akkadian, apparently. Are you a student?” 
“Oh, Akkadian!  Right, my mistake,” she said, looking disappointed and sitting back. She shook her head and said, “I’m not a student.”
“But you’re familiar with Akkadian.”
“Not really.”
Ben sighed in frustration and strummed his fingers against the table. Frowning, he said, “Fiela, I don’t think you’re being honest with me. If I were to call Lilian and ask her whether you work for her, what would she say?”
The girl was suddenly stricken. “Don’t do that!”
He pursed his lips and nodded. “That’s what I thought.”
The girl named Fiela sighed and wrung her hands together and for a few seconds said nothing. When it was clear Ben wasn’t going to let her off the hook, she groaned and said, “I am a friend of Lilian, but you are right, she is not aware that I am here. Don’t call her, please. It’s dangerous.”
“Dangerous to whom?”
“Me and maybe her. You, too. There are people listening, always.”
“Like who?”
Fiela’s vexation was apparent. “Why must you ask so many questions?”
“Because you offer so few answers.”
The girl seemed to assess the man before finally leaning forward and saying,  “If you call Lilian you will give away my location. I followed you here because I wanted to know who you are and why you are meeting with her. You’re obviously not Maqtu.”
Shaking his head, the man said, “What is Maqtu?’”
“Our enemy.”
Ben squinted at her. “Enemy? Is this some kind of gang thing? Something to do with drugs?”
The girl laughed bitterly and looked away. “Kind of a gang thing, yes.”
That topic was clearly a dead-end, so he asked, “Where do you live?”
A flash of unhappiness. “Nowhere. Not for a while, anyway. I…I travel a lot. I just got back from Europe.”
“I see,” he replied, and assessed the situation. Fiela was a Punk or Goth or whatever who was involved in some kind of gang activity. Maqtu definitely sounded like a gang name. The girl had delusions that she was a bodyguard but was in fact homeless and paranoid to the point that she thought her enemies had tapped Lilian’s phones. She had apparently stalked Ben since he left his new client’s mansion. 
Yet, Fiela had spoken an Akkadian word - Akkadian had not been spoken for several thousand years - and knew Lilian, which implied the girl was highly educated and probably came from a wealthy family. She also had a trace accent and had just returned from overseas.
A rich girl-gone-bad who was the daughter of an immigrant business mogul, he guessed. Daddy’s probably looking for her at this very moment.
 He said, “Let’s have some coffee and talk this over, Fiela. I’m buying. What would you like?”
“Truly?” she asked, her eyes lighting up.
Truly? “Sure. How do you like it?”
“Black, please.”  She studied her fingernails. “Maybe something to eat, too?” 
“No problem. I’ll be right back.”  
Ben retrieved the photographs from the table and fell in line in at the counter. While pretending to study the illuminated menu above, he withdrew Lilian’s business card and keyed in the number by touch, the phone still in his pocket. He then retrieved and surreptitiously placed a Bluetooth earpiece behind one ear.
After only one ring, a man answered. The servant. “Yes?”
“Mr. Fetch, this is Ben Mitchell. I need to speak to Lilian, please.”
A minute later Lilian said, “Hello, Ben?”
“Hi, Lilian. Hey, look, sorry to bother you, but a girl named Fiela has chased me down and she says that she is-”
“Wait,” the woman said sharply. “Don’t say anything more. I’ll be there in ten minutes. Turn your phone off.”
“What?”
“Ben, please trust me. Turn your phone off. I’ll explain later.”
“Okay, listen, I’m at-” but she was gone. 
Turn your phone off? What was that about? Knowing she would have to call him back for directions, he made a point of not turning the phone off. He ordered two coffees and a piece of cake and returned to the table. 
“Thank you,” Fiela said. She attacked the cake as if she hadn’t eaten all day. 
Maybe she hadn’t, the man thought. “No problem.”
Her mouth full, the girl said, “Why did Lilian give you those photos? The ones in your bag?”
“I’m a researcher. She has some questions about them.”
“What kind of questions?”
 Ben said, “I don’t think I can discuss that with you, Fiela. Not until I can establish your relationship with Lilian.” 
“We grew up together.”  
“Oh? Are you sisters?”
“In a way. That is what we call one another.”
She seemed about to say something else but looked out the window adjacent to their booth and focused on a distant flickering of blue lights. Returning her eyes to Ben, she said, “You didn’t call Lilian, did you?”
“No, of course not. Why? What’s wrong?”
Fiela stared at the flashing lights, which were definitely coming toward them. Paranoia, wondered Ben, or fear? Maybe she’s on the run from the law. 
“You did call her,” the girl said with finality.

With an abruptness that startled Ben, the girl jumped out of the booth and darted out the nearest exit and into the darkness. Against his better judgment, he followed, chasing her down an alley into the dimly lit parking lot of a motel behind the coffee shop. She sprinted toward a mop bucket that was positioned outside one of the rooms.  
“What are you doing?” Ben yelled, walking toward her.
“You called Lilian,” Fiela yelled back. She jerked the mop out of the bucket. “They know!”
“Who?”
“The Maqtu, or maybe Moros.”  Placing the mop’s head on the sidewalk, she lifted a boot and brought it crashing down on the lower end of the handle, shattering it. She spun the remainder, now a pole arm with a splintered end, from one hand to another, moving back towards Ben.
“Whoa,” he said, not liking where this was going. “Put the stick down, Fiela.”
“Do you have a gun?” she asked in an annoyed tone.
“With me? No.”
“Then I’m not putting the stick down.”  
Suddenly the parking lot was bathed in flashing blue light. Ben turned to see a police cruiser pulling silently into the parking lot. 
“Fiela, are you in some kind of trouble?” Ben asked, but she was no longer there. 
The police car came to a stop and a spotlight on driver’s side clicked on, blinding Ben. “SIR,” boomed a man’s voice over the cruiser’s speaker, “PUT YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR WHERE WE CAN SEE THEM.”  
Me, Ben wondered? Not the deranged girl? 
He raised his hands into the air. “I’m unarmed,” he yelled.
There was a sudden movement to his left. It was Fiela moving fast - incredibly fast. Absurdly, she appeared to be charging the police car with the broken mop handle.  The spotlight jerked away from Ben as its operator tried to hone in on the girl. It was an impossible task given Fiela’s speed and how she weaved and ducked in ways that seemed somehow both random and purposeful. 
When she was a few feet from the front of the cruiser, the girl launched herself into the air, landing with a loud thud in a crouched position on the hood. The spotlight no longer blinding him, Ben could see the startled expressions of the two policemen sitting inside.  
Fiela did not idle. Keeping one leg tucked up under her and extending the other out, she spun until the boot on her extended leg slammed into the spotlight, destroying it.  Before the vehicle’s occupants could react, she leapt to the roof of the cruiser, the backs of the heels of her boots landing just above the windshield. She stood upright, her back to Ben, and became as still as a statue. 
The passenger door of the police cruiser opened. An officer stepped out, gun in hand, looking upward.  He said, “Ma’am, drop the-” and that was all, because at that moment Fiela thrust the broken mop handle violently downward, ramming the splintered end into the man’s face. 
The man’s scream was horrific, as was the geyser of blood.  The officer collapsed to the ground. Inhuman gargles erupted from his throat as he writhed on the asphalt. Fiela spun the pole arm and leapt from the roof, landing in a crouch on the fallen man’s chest. The pole arm blurred and the officer was silenced. Fiela went flat, rolled, disappeared.
For an awkwardly long time, nothing else happened. The policeman remaining in the car was clearly at a loss as to what to do. He couldn’t see Fiela and after what had just happened to his partner he was understandably hesitant to open his own door. He had his pistol out and was holding it upright above one shoulder but it was useless inside the vehicle and he had no target outside of it. 
With no other options, he put the cruiser into reverse and rolled slowly back toward the entrance of the parking lot. As he did Fiela was revealed. She had been beneath the car. When it was no longer above her, she calmly rose to her feet, aimed the fallen man’s gun and sent six bullets into the cruiser’s windshield. On the fifth shot the glass above the steering wheel shattered and on the sixth the shattered glass turned crimson. 
The cruiser stopped.

Fiela was walking toward Ben, the dead cop’s gun in one hand and mop handle in the other.  “Yes,” she said sarcastically as she neared him, “I am in ‘some kind of trouble.’”
Ben watched the gun in her hand out of the corner of one eye as he said, “Calm down, Fiela. Think about what you’re doing.” 
She surveyed her surroundings as she wiped the sweat, blood and dirt from her forehead with her jacket sleeve. “I can’t stay here. Others will be coming for me.”  
Ben took a gamble and slowly placed his hands on her shoulders. Looking her in the eye he said in a controlled voice, “Fiela, you need to turn yourself in. You killed two men. Two policemen.”
“They were going to kill me if I didn’t,” she objected petulantly. “Maybe you, too.”
“No, they weren’t. That’s not what policemen do. Look, you’ve obviously got some great connections. Lilian, for one. I’m sure she or your family can get you whatever kind of help you need. Medical, legal, anything. But running is not the answer.”
Fiela gave him a reproving look that unexpectedly became a flash of astonishment. Her face lit up in an inexplicable smile. “It’s you!  I think I know who you are!  You’re the one my uncle told me about!”
“Your uncle?”
“Ridley!”
Ben gaped at her. “You’re Ridley’s niece?”  
“Yeah,” she said happily while looking him over. “Wow. Well done, uncle!” Her face fell as she saw that motel guests were assembling outside their rooms and gawking at them. “Sorry in advance,” she mumbled.
“For what?”
There was a blur as something moved toward his face. The word ‘mop’ popped into his brain just as the handle thwacked the right side of his head. Stars danced in front of his eyes. The excruciating pain arrived a millisecond later, when he was down on one knee.  
Fiela crouched next to him and whispered, “Sorry!”
She stood, performed an elegant spin, and struck him again with the broken end of the mop handle, this time on his left cheek. He felt the flesh rip open.
Ben refused to scream. Dazed, he tried to stand, wobbled, and tried again. 
“Ouch!” Fiela said on his behalf, wincing. “I forgot the end was splintered. Please, stay down!  People are watching.”
At some level he knew staying down was exactly what he should do, but it wasn’t in his nature. Fiela had sucker punched him and the rage growing inside him was overshadowing his common sense. On his third attempt, Ben made it to his feet, staggering like a drunken sailor. 
“Damn it,” he grumbled but he didn’t know where his assailant was anymore. She was, it turned out, behind him, and she struck him behind his right knee, sending him to the ground like a sack of potatoes. Cursing, he tried again to stand but his right leg was ignoring all orders. 
 It didn’t matter. He could already hear Fiela’s footsteps fading into the distance.

Ben pulled himself upright against the front tire of a nearby car. Warm blood trickled down his cheek and onto his neck. He fumbled inside his pants pockets until he located his phone, which he withdrew and held a few inches from his nose. The glowing screen told him he had called Lilian only eleven minutes before.  
“Are you okay, buddy?”
A squat, plump man in a bowling shirt was crouching beside him. His nametag identified him as Manager. 
“Mmph,” replied Ben, using a finger to check his teeth.
“Here,” the motel manager said, holding out a towel. “You got a nasty cut on your jaw there. You’ll probably need stitches.”
“Yeah,” said Ben. All his teeth appeared to be where he’d left them the night before.
“I hear more police comin’,” said the manager. 
Ben heard the sirens, too. “Help me up,” he grunted, and the manager put an arm around him and lifted until he was perched precariously on the car’s fender. The researcher saw that many of the motel’s occupants were using their phones to take pictures of the devastation. He was appalled to see that a few of the adults had actually brought their children with them.  Look at the dead policemen, kids!  Isn’t that interesting?
  The first car to arrive didn’t belong to law enforcement. It was a black Mercedes with tinted windows and no plates. It rolled past the stalled police car, navigated around the corpse of the policeman and through the pond of blood before coming to a stop next to Ben and the motel manager. The driver’s window slid down and Lilian stared out. 
“Ben, are you okay?”    
“Do I look okay?” he asked, holding the blood-soaked towel against his face. “Do you realize that you drove though a crime scene?”
“There was no way around it,” she responded defensively. She gave the manager a sideways glance and said to Ben, “Can you come here for a moment? I’d like to speak to you in private.” 
Grimacing, the man hobbled to the Mercedes and placed his forearms on the windowsill. As he did so, the passenger side door opened and Mr. Fetch stepped out. The servant walked briskly around the front of the car and stopped in front of Ben. “May I have your car keys, sir?”
“My car keys? Why would I give you my car keys?”  Ben ducked his head into the car and said to Lilian, “Who is Fiela and what, exactly, is wrong with her? Are we talking drugs or insanity? Are you two in some kind of cult?”
“Fiela is friend. A troubled friend.”
“Troubled? She just involved me in a police killing.”
“That can be avoided.”
“It’s already happened, Lilian.”
“It can be undone.” 
“Undone?” the bloodied man said incredulously. “You’re both nuts.”
Lilian reached out and stroked his cut cheek with the back of her hand. “You’re injured, Ben. You need medical assistance.”
He began to object but was distracted by an exquisite scent radiating from the soft flesh caressing his face. It was a perfume; a strange perfume. He couldn’t remember smelling anything like it before. It was intoxicating. 
Lilian said in a subdued tone, “You’ve been hit on the head. You may have a concussion. You look dizzy.”  She emphasized the word ‘dizzy.’  “You could lose consciousness and what good would you be to the police then? Or to me?”
In fact, he did feel dizzy. A wave of nausea washed over him. 
“Come with me, Ben. Everything will be fine. We’ll get you a doctor and my attorneys will take care of any concerns that the police may have.”
God, what kind of perfume is that?
Ben realized the woman was right. He wasn’t well. The smartest thing to do was to go with her. He handed his keys to the waiting Mr. Fetch and moved resignedly around the front of the Mercedes toward the seat the younger man had vacated.
“Hey, fella, you can’t leave,” objected the motel manager. “That’s not the way things are done.”
“I know,” replied Ben. 
“You gotta give a statement!”
Ben slid into the leather seat next to Lilian and closed the door, breathed in the cool new-car smell. Classical music was playing on the radio. 
“Poor baby,” she said. “You didn’t turn off your phone, did you?”
“Still haven’t,” admitted Ben.  
“No matter. Fiela is gone and she’s the one they want.”
“Why do the police want her?”
Lilian put the car into gear and performed a tight turn in the parking lot, forcing several gawkers to make way. “Long story. It can wait until tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow I’ll probably be in jail,” Ben said, slumping against the door and reclining the power seat. “Or in court. The police are going to have a lot of questions for me.”
“We’ll see.” 
“A lot of people saw me with Fiela,” Ben said weakly. “Some took pictures.”   He was fighting to remain conscious. “Maybe video,” he mumbled.
“Sleep.”
“Yeah, yeah. Mmmm…”
“I’m taking you back to your apartment.”
“Mmmm” he responded from a million miles away. As he descended into the void, he mumbled, “Why are we doing this?”
Lilian answered, but Ben didn’t hear a word. 


Part 2 - September 22nd

He heard her word and accepted her speech.
The counsel of the woman
Entered his heart.
She stripped off a garment,
Clothed him with one.
Another garment
She kept on herself.
She took hold of his hand.
Like a god she brought him
To the fertile meadow.

The Epic of Gilgamesh (1300 B.C.)

Chapter 4 - Quarantined

 Ben woke feeling like he’d been hit by a train. He remembered almost nothing of what had happened after Lilian drove him away from the double murder and back to his apartment, except that at one point an elderly man had woken him to stitch up the cut on his cheek.  
He dreamed or hallucinated still other visitors. Emaciated women with gray faces and eyes without pupils, foxes walking upright in Tudor-era costumes discussing mathematics, impossibly tall beings in flowing yellow robes, and Lilian, in scarlet, nursing something unspeakable from an exposed breast. 
There was a bottle of prescription painkillers on the nightstand nearest him. The clock there told him it was a few minutes before nine o’clock. There was an ongoing commotion in the parking lot below his second-story bedroom window. Voices - lots of them. He stumbled over to the window and peered outside. 
His heart skipped a beat. There were three police cars parked in front of his building. Apparently the law had caught up with him. Of course it had. He must have been ID’d by dozens of people. What had he been thinking last night when Lilian had convinced him to leave the scene of a crime?
But then he then saw the police barricades in front of the building and the yellow warning tape, ambulances, and television news vans with large satellite masts hoisted into the air. There were at least fifty men and women loitering between the vehicles. Surely his arrest didn’t merit this kind of circus. His tension dissipated further when he saw that the cops in the yard below were drinking coffee and facing away from the building. Whatever they were here for, it didn’t appear to be an arrest.
“Quarantined,” a voice said behind him.
He spun and almost fell from the dizziness induced by the painkillers. Fiela leaned against the doorway of his bedroom, a spatula in one hand. She was wearing one of his dress shirts. Though it fell to mid-thigh, he could see that Fiela’s legs were exquisitely sculpted, shapely and toned to the point of perfection. They were also marred by dozens of razor-thin scars. 
She had removed her heavy makeup and she was, in her natural state, stunning.
“What are you doing here?” Ben asked.
“I sneaked in after Lilian dropped you off. I’m here to protect you.”
“The only person I need protection from is you, Fiela.”
“I said I was sorry, Ben. Don’t be mad.”  She smiled. “See, I’m making you breakfast!”
Ben held up a hand. “Wait!  Take a step back. How do you know my name?”
The girl rolled her eyes. “This is your apartment. It’s on your mail and all your papers. I saw it on some books, too.”
“You’ve been going through my stuff?” 
“Not much,” she said, averting her eyes, before quickly adding, “You write books? You must be very clever.”
He sighed and said, “Never mind that. Why is my building quarantined?”
“There was a case of Cage’s reported here last night. The first one in Denver. It’s quite contagious,” she said conspiratorially. 
“Cage’s, here? Of all the places…” He ran his fingers through his hair. “The past twelve hours have not been good to me.”
The girl shook her head. “You’re wrong, Ben. You’re one of the lucky ones.”  Her countenance was suddenly solemn. “Trust me.”
“Trust you?” he said, pointing at the stitches on his cheek.
“I had to do that. People were watching. I had to show them that you weren’t with me.”
“Couldn’t you have thumped me on the head or something?”
The girl frowned, thought for a few seconds, and said, “Yeah, that would have been better.”  Brightening, she said, “So - eggs?”
“I’m not hungry.”
“You need to eat before Lilian gets here. She’ll be in a hurry.”
Ben motioned toward the barricade outside. “I don’t think Lilian will be coming.”
Rolling her eyes, the girl said, “Ben, it’s a script!”
“A script? Like a movie script?”
“More like a hoax. A really, really sophisticated hoax.”
Seeing a ray of hope, the man asked, “Why do you think that?”
Fiela seemed to struggle for an answer before saying, “I sneaked out earlier to get a newspaper for you and I overheard the television people talking. They think it’s a hoax.”
She was a terrible liar, but he played along. “How did you sneak in and out of a quarantined building?”
“Oh, that wasn’t hard,” she said as if it was a silly question.
Ben stared at her. The girl was clearly lying about something but he wasn’t sure what, and the fact was he desperately wanted the quarantine to be a hoax because it was far better than the alternative.  
“Is Lilian behind this hoax?” he asked.
“Maybe,” the girl said sheepishly.
“And why would she perpetrate a hoax that would terrify thousands of people, including me?”
“To protect you, of course.” 
“To protect me?”
Fiela nodded. “Yes. You are far safer with a gaggle of policemen and television crews outside your front door. Lilian probably arranged it.”
“That doesn’t make sense. Anyway, I don’t have any enemies.”
The girl put her hands behind her back and stared at him without comment.
Ben shook his head and threw his hands up into the air. “Okay, fine, let’s see what happens.” 
“Good. Now-”
 “Sunny side up,” he said, walking toward the bathroom. 

The researcher studied his face in the mirror and was pleased to find that it had taken only three stitches to close up his cheek. He showered and shaved as best he could around the wound. As he dried himself, he saw Fiela’s clothes from the day before on the bathroom counter, and something bulging from a pocket in the black jeans. Curious, he reached into the pocket and withdrew a small, tattered paperback book, Poems of 19th Century England. Several pages had been dog-eared. 
“Huh,” he said, and returned it. She had to be a student.
He threw on a pair of slacks and a polo shirt before walking into the kitchen. Looking surprisingly domesticated, Fiela was readying coffee. Plates of eggs and toast were on the counter.  Silverware, a pitcher of water, and glasses were on the table. 
There was also a newspaper. The researcher sat down and opened it. He scanned the headlines, half expecting to see a police sketch of his face with the caption Wanted For Questioning. Instead he found a small article on the second page with the header, Arrest Debacle at Local Hotel. It read:
Local police reported a shooting at a local motel, the Twin Rivers, at about 9:15 p.m. last evening. Two law enforcement officers were reportedly killed when they attempted to arrest a prostitute for solicitation. Early reports indicate that a man, possibly an associate of the female suspect, ambushed the officer who was attempting to handcuff the woman. In the ensuing struggle, the woman managed to remove the officer’s gun from its holster and shot into the police vehicle, mortally wounding the second policeman. Witnesses report the male suspect used a club to assault the arresting officer. The woman escaped on foot and the man left the scene in a late-model sedan with tinted windows. Police have not released names or descriptions of the two suspects or the officers killed. No other information is available at this time.
Ben read the article three times. It was ridiculous. What sources was the reporter using? Brooding on the errors and lack of specific information, he speculated that the police were purposely withholding information until he or Fiela were apprehended. That was worrisome, but the only thing he could do was to wait and find out. 
Well, no, he admitted to himself, he could call the police and turn himself and Fiela in, but he remembered Lilian’s promise of attorneys and he thought it best to get the legal eagles lined up before he took that step. Fiela, in particular, needed solid legal representation.
There was a short blurb below the fold regarding a police cordon around his apartment building but there was no mention of Cage’s disease - if there had been, it would have been the headline story. Evidently the article had been printed before anyone in the press knew the circumstances of the cordon. He contemplated turning on his television but decided that knowing wasn’t going to be any better than not knowing at this juncture. 
“I need clothes,” Fiela said as she brought the plates to the table. 
“I’m sure Lilian can buy you some,” he mumbled. Or you’ll be issued some at the penitentiary. 
The girl set a plate in front of him and her own just a few inches away before pulling a chair so close to his side that they were practically rubbing shoulders.  As they ate, she put a bare foot lightly atop his and started moving it slowly up and down his leg. 
“Um, Fiela,” he began, but there was a commotion outside, giving him an excuse to rise and walk to his balcony.  The police below were taking down the barricades. There wasn’t an ambulance or news van to be seen. 
“False alarm,” he said after a long moment. “Huh.”
“Yeah. Lilian will be here soon, then.”
One minute after the last barricade was removed Ben watched Lilian’s black Mercedes roll into the parking lot. His new client stepped out of the driver’s side wearing a sleeveless navy blue dress that stopped above the knees, and shiny black pumps. She pulled a suitcase from the backseat and a few minutes later knocked on the door. Fiela answered. 
“Sister!” the girl exclaimed excitedly, and the two women touched cheeks. 
If Lilian was surprised to see Fiela, she didn’t show it. She entered the room, dropped the suitcase, and walked briskly toward Ben. “Good morning,” she said, her expression apologetic, as if he were a child she’d lost in a mall. “I’m so sorry about last evening.”
He stopped her advance with one hand. “You’ve got a lot of explaining to do.”
“I know,” she said, “and I will, on the way to Steepleguard.”  
“Steepleguard?”
Fiela dropped to all fours and began yanking clothes from the suitcase. “It’s where we grew up.”
Lilian nodded. “Steepleguard is where Ridley lives. He is Fiela’s uncle. She and I grew up there together.”
“You’re related, then?”
“In a way. We were Ridley’s charges, as young girls.”
“I don’t understand.”
“We were orphans.”
“Oh,” said Ben awkwardly. Thinking he should say something else, he mumbled, “I’m sorry.”
She shook her head. “It was a lifetime ago.”
“I like this one,” said Fiela, rising and holding up a white silk blouse to her chest. “And the gray skirt, maybe. I still want to go shopping. I need a fetch. No, two fetches. Mister and Miss.”
“After,” said Lilian sternly, only then turning to look at her. “Take what you need and get dressed. I need to go. It’s a four hour drive to Steepleguard.”
The girl disappeared into Ben’s bedroom. 
When she was gone, Ben said in a hushed but urgent tone, “Lilian, we are in a lot of trouble. We can’t go to the your friend’s house, not now!”
“Why not?”
He looked at her disbelievingly. “Lilian, last night I witnessed that girl murder two policemen. I left the scene of the murder in an unmarked car - your car.  Those are crimes.”  
The woman was unfazed. “Those things never happened. I do recall, however, seeing something on the news this morning about two policemen who were killed last night. A nasty business involving a prostitute and her pimp. But there was certainly nothing in the story related to you or Fiela.” 
Ben crossed his arms. She wanted to play games? Now? 
“Any idea what this pimp looked like?” he asked.
“The police aren’t saying but my contacts tell me that he was short, bald headed, and wore a leather jacket.”
“No, the motel manager was short and bald headed. Fiela wore the leather jacket.”
“Well,” the woman said dubiously, “that is your account, but you were a piñata last night and you’re high on prescription narcotics. Most witnesses remember things quite differently. Those people have made reports to the police that conflict with what you just told me.”
“What people?”
“Some anonymous callers and some passers-by. Even some of the guests. Anyway, what is more believable, what I just told you or some ludicrous story of a girl assaulting and killing two policemen with a mop handle? In due course that rather silly scenario will be replaced by the believable one - the one people expect. It is called ‘retroactive interference.’ Steps have been taken.”
The researcher grunted. “That won’t work, Lilian. There will be pictures of me and Fiela or maybe even of my license plate from the coffee shop if anyone connected the car to me.”
“Phones take horrible photos of distant objects in dim light,” countered the woman, “and good pictures may be lost - or altered. The prostitute was wearing very heavy makeup and had her hair dyed bizarre colors. You were, according to your version of events, either on the ground or had your back to the alleged witnesses. Your car was removed by Mr. Fetch and the license plate you think is attached to your car is actually attached to an identical car owned by a known meth dealer.”
“But the DMV-”
“The DMV computer records show the plate was issued three years ago to the meth dealer. Not you.”
Ben racked his brain and said, “The motel manager saw me when he handed me a towel.”
“The motel manager,” responded Lilian immediately, “is involved in several questionable activities and has a lengthy rap sheet. My investigator met with him this morning and the manager admitted he was drunk most of the evening and has only the fuzziest memory of what transpired.”
  Ben put his hands on his hips and shook his head. “Lilian, policemen died. Badly. They were murdered. Smoke and mirrors won’t stop their counterparts from getting to the bottom of what really happened.”
 “Actually,” she said, “the two officers who were killed were corrupt and loathed by their peers, which is why they were so easy to manipulate. That’s why they were sent after Fiela. They had orders to kill her. The detectives assigned to investigate their murders are the most incompetent on the force. Good riddance to bad apples is the police department’s attitude, internally.”
Ben found that he had exhausted all his objections. Apparently Lilian had been busy while he slumbered. “I still don’t understand why you’re doing this.  If everything you say is true you have spent a great deal of money and called in a lot of favors. Why?”
 “As I told you, this is an emergency.”  She moved closer, put a palm on his chest and said with conviction, “Ben, there are no limits to what I will do to get you to Steepleguard this morning, and there is no possibility that Fiela will ever be turned over to the police. Best that we drop this topic. It is, I promise you, utterly inconsequential.” 
Ben looked into the woman’s emerald eyes and saw not an iota of doubt. His options, as he saw them, were to defy her and call the police, pitting himself against her and her powerful allies, probably ruining his good name and career in the process and forfeiting ten-million dollars and an opportunity to make history, or to let the Strattons handle Fiela and to play along as if nothing had happened.
“Okay,” he said at last. “What is Steepleguard, again?”
Lilian relaxed. “It is one of my father’s former summer homes in the mountains. It was once the Steepleguard Hotel, built by some lumber barons in the 19th century. It was a popular retreat for the elite but in the 1920’s a mile-wide avalanche buried the railway and primary road that led to it. Neither was ever uncovered, though Ridley did improve upon a private, secondary road, which is the only way to access the hotel now. The building is so remote that few people even know it exists. Ridley lives there alone except for a few fetches - I mean, servants.”
“The tablets are there?”
“Yes.”
Fiela emerged from the bedroom spinning in a slow circle to show off the blouse she had selected. “What do you think?” 
Lilian crossed her arms. “It fits well, but perhaps you would spare Ben some angst if you also wore a skirt?”
“Oh, have I forgotten that?” the girl asked, all innocence. She lingered in the doorway a few seconds longer before disappearing.
“Do you like her?” asked Lilian earnestly, studying his face.
“That’s an odd question.”
“But do you?”  
“I don’t understand why that should matter.”
“I would prefer that you like her. I think you will find she is not as odd as she appears once you spend some time with her.”
Ben said, “Honestly, I’d rather not. I think she’s dangerous.”
The woman laughed and said, “She really is. That’s why I love her.”

Chapter 5 - Legend of Tiwanaku

Fiela left the apartment with the policeman’s gun tucked into a purse Lilian had brought her. As he was seeing her out of his apartment, she ambushed Ben, wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him before exchanging a knowing look with Lilian and darting into the elevator. Lilian seemed amused.
A few minutes later Ben was buckling himself into the passenger side of the Mercedes. Lilian gunned the engine, accelerated rapidly, and turned onto the road outside the gate of his apartment complex without bothering to look for oncoming traffic.  
“I like to drive,” she explained above the din of the twelve-cylinder engine. She headed toward the mountains. “How do you feel?” 
 “Better, thanks. I don’t suppose you’d like to explain to me why this is such an emergency?”
 “Would it suffice if I said the world will end in a week?”
Ben chuckled. “I’d need something better than that.”
“Then we are at an impasse. Why don’t we talk about the tablets?” 
“Fine. You can start by telling me how Ridley obtained them.”
 She took a moment to collect her thoughts. “My father gave them to him, but they were found by a member of a little-known organization called the Delphic Order of the Nisirtu.”
Ben turned toward her. “Fiela asked me if I was Nisirtu. I’ve never even heard of them, or their order”
“Its existence is unknown to almost anyone. For now, let’s just say that the Order of the Nisirtu is one of many societies of the uber-wealthy, and that it has been around for a very long time. I am a member, as are Ridley and Fiela. But I’d rather let Ridley discuss our little club. He’s much better versed than I am.”
The researcher nodded. “Tell me how tablets were found, then.”
 “I can tell you the legend – that’s all I’ve got.”
“Go for it.”  
“Alright. Apparently they were discovered in a place now called Tiwanaku, in the Bolivian Andes. You’re familiar with the location, I assume.”
“Of course, ” replied Ben. “It’s the location of those large stone structures that conspiracy theorists believe were built by aliens. I once led a small team there to inspect some inscriptions.”
Lilian nodded. “Oh yes, Ridley mentioned that to me. Anyway, the story goes that several hundred years ago the region was ruled by a king called Pumuk.”
“How many hundreds?”
The driver turned towards him. “Ben, this is a legend, not an excerpt from a textbook. I have no idea.”
“Sorry – go on, please.”
Lilian adjusted her rearview mirror. “One day old King Pumuk was told that a strange man dressed in odd yellow garments was requesting an audience with the king. The king, curious, went to meet the newcomer, who was a pole of a man with flesh stretched taught over his bones and large, unblinking eyes. 
“The newcomer introduced himself as the Sillum - ‘the Unseen.’  The Sillum said he had come to Tiwanaku because his god had directed him to build a gateway through which its minions could come into the world and take possession of it. The alignment of the stars dictated that the portal be built in Tiwanaku. The Sillum said that he would require the king’s population to be enslaved for that purpose because the design parameters were unforgiving, the schedule pressing, and movement of megalithic stones a necessity.”
“I’m guessing the king wasn’t receptive to the request.”
“Your guess is correct. King Pumuk was outraged. How dare a stranger come to his kingdom demanding that his people be enslaved to build a portal for a foreign god!  The king directed his guards to arrest the Sillum but as they moved to obey, the stranger spoke a word and the guards turned against their own king and slew him, instead.”
“What did the stranger say?”
“One word.”
“What was it?”
Lilian shrugged. “The legend doesn’t tell us. But it says that he then spoke another word and everyone within earshot of the Sillum fell under the stranger’s spell. In due course the man had the entire population constructing giant stone buildings, walls, and the gateway itself, upon which the Sillum attached tablets with cryptic writings. He said the tablets contained the history of his god and foreign lands and the workings of the universe and that it was written in the language of the heavens.”
“Wait a second…what did this portal look like?”
“I think you can guess, Ben.”
“The Gate of the Sun?”
“Bingo!”
“Ha!  Perfect. When does the movie come out?”
“Not for a few hundred years,” Lilian said mirthlessly, accelerating. Checking the speedometer Ben saw they were traveling at ninety-five miles per hour. 
He said,  “These are the tablets in Ridley’s possession?”
“That’s right.”
“Given that civilization continued unimpeded, I’m guessing the portal didn’t work as advertised.” 
Lilian moved her head left and right. “Not exactly. When it and the other buildings were finished, the Sillum conducted a ceremony and begged his god to send armies into this world to claim it in his name. The legend is that the god answered the call and sent its vassals through the portal in the tens of thousands. Hideous beasts that sent the population fleeing.”
“And yet?”
“Yet almost immediately after emerging from the portal, they began to die.”  The woman’s tone became humorously sinister. “All of them, with horrific cries of alien pain and anger. Their corpses began to putrefy, to stretch and bloat and burst into thousands of pieces. Every inch of the ceremonial site was blanketed by a foot of purple and pink slime that smelled worse than…”  She stumbled, at a loss for words.
“Rotten eggs?” suggested the passenger.
Lilian scrunched up her nose. “I was hoping to do better than that.”
“Still, pretty cool,” said Ben, because it was. “What happened next?” 
The storyteller blew through one red light and then a second. A cacophony of car horns chased after them. Seeming not to notice, she said, “With a howl of frustration the stranger allegedly passed through the portal to the land of his god. His priests - locals who had adopted his god of their own free will – fled into the jungle. Most were tracked down and killed.”  
“Which brings me back to my original question. How did Ridley end up with the tablets?” 
“Ah. As luck would have it, a member of our society, a Nisirtu, was being escorted through the region by a local resident the evening the ceremony was conducted. He claimed to have witnessed the entire episode and made a record of it.”
Ben laughed. “Okay, you’re telling me that the he actually saw monsters?”
“Of course not. I am telling you that is what the he reported seeing, probably after chewing on a few too many cocoa leaves.”
“Any idea what turned the monsters into purple goo?”
“According to our legendary explorer, ‘twas time that killed the beasts.”
“Huh?”
“He said he interviewed one of the Sillum’s captured followers, who implied that the ceremony had failed because the beings came from some place very near ‘the Nothingness,’ a place where time is almost, but not quite, at a standstill. Thus they were unable to acclimate to this reality, which is ‘rich’ in time. Their physical bodies couldn’t handle it.”
Ben pushed out his lower lip. “‘Time depressurization?’”   
“Or pressurization, if you like. But according to the disciple, the Sillum had other followers who would pursue their master’s cause and someday they would find a way to bring him back to try again; that there were things that could be done when the stars were right. It was only a matter of time, the prisoner said, before the ceremony succeeded. He was beheaded shortly thereafter.
“Said Nisirtu had the Sillum’s tablets removed from the failed gateway and shipped to one of our society’s buildings in what is now Argentina. There they sat neglected for a very long time, until my father came across them. When my father died he left them to Ridley, who was his closest friend.”
Lilian cut across three lanes of traffic to reach an exit ramp. More horns blared behind them. “And that, sir, concludes the legend of the tablets.”
Ben grunted his approval. “If the tablets end up being authentic, I’ll include the backstory as part of my research paper. The media will love it.”
 “Ridley can add to the narrative. I’m sure I missed some juicy parts.”  She reached out with one hand and ran her fingers playfully through his hair. “Perhaps we should take a break for a little while, though? You look like you’re about to pass out.”
Ben sighed, disappointed that she had noticed. The painkillers and the lack of sleep really were beginning to make him lightheaded. 
He said, “What kind of perfume are you wearing?”
“Private label.”
“It’s nice.”
“Thank you.”
His eyelids began to droop. “Maybe I’ll just shut my eyes for a few minutes.”
Lilian nodded. “That would be best.”
As his seat was whirring to a reclined position, he said, “Lilian?”
“Yes, Ben?”
“Try not to kill us on the way to Steepleguard.”
The driver tapped the brakes, skidded fifty feet, and downshifted to navigate a hairpin turn. She said, “You worry too much.”
 

Chapter 6 - Arrival at Steepleguard

The funnel cloud descended from the black sky and sucked him out of the car, throwing him into a gray fog. Ben felt himself falling. Surveying the brown terrain below he realized that the vortex had carried him back to Afghanistan. 
As soon as he was on the ground he heard the terrible high-pitched screech of a base alarm, followed by a man’s voice screaming “Incoming! Incoming! Incoming!”  Yet the former Marine found that he was standing in middle of the desert, far from any base or bunker. 
It was night and the silhouettes of the steep, jagged mountains of eastern Afghanistan surrounded him like the coiled, spiked tail of a dragon. He saw lights hurdling down from the starry sky to the Earth below, and he thought, ‘rockets!’ and knew only the Taliban used rockets like this and they only fired them at Coalition bases, so he ran toward the falling stars. 
There seemed to be millions of them, which was ludicrous, because the insurgents never had more than a few dozen on hand and rarely fired them all at once. They were psychological weapons that rarely caused casualties and thus were used sparingly. Each time one of the lights overhead descended behind the mountains there was an ear-piercing ‘CRACK’, like a shotgun blast at close range, and he cringed. 
 He found he was running through a field of dead horses and then he was on one of them and racing toward the mountains and the battle. He could hear explosions and screams and the too-familiar whooshing noises as glowing objects zipped over him to the mountains ahead. 
 CRACK! CRACK!  CRACK!  CRACK!
Somehow his reanimated horse made it to the top of one of a mountain in just a few leaps, but when he got there the battle was over. The skies were still and all was silent. It was cold and the air smelled of burnt wire. Below him was a narrow valley dotted with hundreds of giant glowing oysters, and he wondered why there were oysters in Afghanistan. 
They began to pop open, one by one. 
His horse collapsed and he fell and rolled into the valley, stopping a few feet from one of the shells. It was covered in colorful squiggles that glowed like neon lights. It was still closed but he could see movement through the crack between top and bottom. Someone was inside. 
No, not someone - something. It was too big and too wrinkled and hideous to be human. He saw a tentacle or snake or worm slipping through the cracks and moving toward him. He was paralyzed and could feel his chest emptying of breath. The mountains began to rotate - to slither - around him, growing closer with each revolution, and he realized they were not mountains but something else entirely.
“Run!” said the blasphemy inside the shell as its cold, slimy tentacle wrapped itself around his neck. “Run, or die!”

“Ben, wake up, we’re almost there.”
It was Lilian’s voice coming from somewhere far away.
“Ben?”  
He felt his body moving left and right and with a start he jerked forward, his eyes opening. 
“What?” he said. He turned to see Lilian looking at him.
“Steepleguard is just around the corner,” she said. “You’ve been asleep for almost three hours.”
“Oh,” he said, self-consciously wiping a drop of spittle from his chin. 
She looked at him with concern. “Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.” 
He watched as Lilian turned right off the main road and ascended a secondary paved road that was surprisingly wide and well maintained. Ten minutes after that they took another turn and drove past a large stone monument bearing a bronze plate that read “Steepleguard Hotel.”  The tires hummed and bounced as the surface beneath the car changed from asphalt to cobblestone. 
The hotel finally came into view and the immensity of the structure took Ben’s breath away. Built in the Swiss Chalet style, the brown brick edifice was really several structures, some four stories tall, others five, and still others six, that seamlessly abutted one another. Countless dormers and towers of stone and masonry jutted out from the walls. It was as if all the buildings of a medieval Swiss village had been somehow squeezed together. The roofs, for there were many, were steeply pitched and composed of layers of etched turquoise metal that he assumed was copper. Snow capped mountains surrounded and towered over the building, yet also seemed to pay homage to it. 
“Wow.”
“Yes,” agreed Lilian.
“How many rooms does this thing have?”
“Four hundred or so guest rooms. There are also a few guesthouses in the woods. If you think this is impressive, wait until you see the Great Hall.”
“What does Ridley do with all this space? You could house a displaced nation here.”
“Most of Steepleguard is sealed off. He works out of a few rooms on the bottom floor.”
“Does it have electricity?”
“Yes. There are no distribution lines to the hotel because of its remoteness, but there is an impressive array of generators and sophisticated geothermal and solar apparatuses that Ridley installed a few years ago.”
“I’m surprised he thinks it worth the effort. It’s an amazing place but it must cost a fortune to maintain it.”
“Money’s not an issue for Ridley.”
Ben chuckled sardonically. “Of course it isn’t.”
They came to a stop at the end of wide cobblestone walk that led to two immense black oak doors that served as the hotel’s main entrance. The doors were easily two stories tall and elegantly carved with reliefs of mountains, lakes, wildlife, and, curiously, a five-circuit Cretan labyrinth. The harp-shaped handles were made from deer antlers. 
“The servants will see to our bags,” Lilian said as they emerged from the car. She walked around the vehicle and slipped her hand inside the crook of Ben’s arm. “May I?”
Arm-in-arm, they proceeded down the cobblestone walk toward the hotel’s entrance. As they did so the doors swung outward and an old man stepped onto the stone porch. Ben assumed the figure was Ridley.
Their greeter was a sight to behold. He wore an untethered red silk robe that flapped lazily over a gray sweat suit, and his shuffling feet were adorned in sandals and socks. The man’s gray hair was cut so short that the flesh of his scalp shown through it, though his silver goatee and eyebrows were disproportionately full. The whites of his eyes had been replaced with something approaching the color of parchment. With his pronounced stoop, he stood just over five feet tall. Ben guessed his age at ninety years, minimum.
“Greetings, Ben,” the ancient man said as he clasped the researcher’s outstretched hand in both of his own. The grip was firm. “I’m delighted to meet you.”
“It’s a pleasure meeting you, sir.” 
“Lilian,” said Ridley pivoting, and the woman bent over so that the old man could hug her.
“Good afternoon, Scriptus.”
“How are you both?” the host asked.
“I am well,” said the woman, “but Ben is recovering from a chance encounter with Fiela last evening.”
Observing the stitches, the old man mumbled, “That was unfortunate.” 
“It’s just a scratch, really,” said Ben. “She returned this morning and apologized. She even cooked me breakfast.”
Ridley perked up immediately. “I am glad to hear it. She is somewhat impetuous, you see, but she is a treasure. You’ll agree with me once you get to know her better, I promise.” 
“I’m sure. We’ll she be joining us, then?”
“Later,” said Ridley. “She has some cleaning up to do, first.”
“Ah.”  
“Well, well,” the man said, slapping Ben on the back. “Enough of this. Let’s go inside.”

The first room they entered from outside was what Lilian had referred to as the Great Hall, and as she had promised, Ben was stunned by its size. Clearly designed to impress arrivals to Steepleguard, the cavernous room was, he figured, at least as large as the Sistine Chapel, and probably larger when the four stories of room balconies overlooking the hall were factored in. 
Above the highest balcony, two-dozen stained glass windows poured colorful, diffused light into the hall. Two rows of marble columns the size of those found at the Parthenon segregated the hall into three distinct regions, the center leading to a distant check-in counter, on either side of which were a set of wide staircases that curved steeply up and away from the counter and to the second floor balcony.  
The areas to the left and right of the columns were lounges, each harboring stone fireplaces so large a man could walk into them without crouching. The entire hall was devoid of furniture or rugs and their footsteps echoed loudly as they entered the room.
“Home sweet home,” announced Ridley. “How was your trip up?”
“Wonderful,” said Lilian. “It’s so nice to get away from the city.”
“I’m glad to hear it.”  He gave the woman a purposeful look and added, “Lilian, why don’t you go and situate yourself while I speak to Ben.”
“As you wish, Scriptus,” she said. The woman stepped toward Ben and startled him by brushing her lips against his. “Thank you, Ben.”  
“For what?”
“A leap of faith.”
 

Chapter 7 - The Tablets Revealed

When she was gone, Ridley said. “What has she told you?”
Ben scratched the back of his neck, still thinking about the kiss. “Not much, really. I only got a few hours sleep last night so I napped most of the way here. I know, of course, that you have some allegedly ancient stone tablets that you want me to study. I’ve got the photographs. Lilian told me the legend regarding how they were found and ended up in your possession and also mentioned that you and she are members of a society called the Delphic Order of the Nisirtu.”
“Yes. In fact, the tablets are the property of our organization but I am their caretaker.”
“What is the origin of the name, ‘Nisirtu?’ Akkadian, maybe?”
Ridley nodded and said, “That’s very astute. Yes, Akkadian. It can be interpreted several ways but most correctly it is ‘Secret Council.’ Nisirtu is both singular and plural. One can be a Nisirtu and part of the Nisirtu. It’s an artifact of the language. We do not have singular and plural tenses, exactly.”
Ben’s surprise showed. “You still speak it? Akkadian? It had plural forms, though.”
“Yes, but languages evolve. It would be more precise to say we speak its descendent, which we call Agati. Truth be told, we’ve borrowed so much from other languages over the millennia that it bears little resemblance to its source. Even our sentence structure differs from that used in the classical form of the language.”  
“Rather an odd choice for a secret language, isn’t it? Why not just use Latin? It is appropriately esoteric.”
Ridley chuckled. “I’m afraid we didn’t have much choice in the matter. It was the language originally spoken by our founders.”
“When was that?”
The man’s eyes twinkled. “A very long time ago. We trace our lineage back to ancient Mesopotamia.”
Ben knew that had to be a fabricated legend but raised his eyebrows and whistled, nonetheless. “You’re talking four millennia or so ago. That’s some pedigree, sir.”
“Yes, and you’ll find that we can get a bit carried away with the whole conceit. From time to time we’ll even dress up in silly costumes and perform pointless but colorful rituals.”  Ridley shrugged as if embarrassed. “We can be just as self-centered and pompous as any other secret society.”
“How large is the Order of the Nisirtu?”
“Very large. We have chapters - which we call Kingdoms - everywhere in the world. I hold the position of ‘scribe’ and am usually referred to as ‘Scriptus.’”
“Yes, I heard Lilian address you as such. So, you keep records of meetings, that kind of thing?”  
“Not exactly.”
“Ah.”  There was an awkward silence. The researcher put his hands in his pockets and said, “Well, I’d like to look at the tablets if you don’t mind. That is what you’re paying me for.”
The old man looked suddenly uneasy. He crossed his arms and toyed with his lower lip. “Ben, I want to show you the tablets, but before I can I’ll need you to indulge me on one matter.”
“Sure, what?”
The scribe said, “I will show you the tablets this day so that you may verify they are authentic and that the inscriptions are, in fact, unknown in your field. That is only fair after what you have been through. You will have then done what you have been paid to do. However, if you decide the tablets are legitimate and you wish to study them further, you must become a member of our society.”
Caught off guard, Ben said, “Why should I do that?”
“Because the tablets are the property of the Nisirtu. It is forbidden for anyone other than the Nisirtu to study them.”
“That sounds like an unnecessary impediment, Ridley. I’m not taking them home with me. I am merely inspecting them at your request.”
The man looked apologetic. “I know. Nevertheless, you’ll find that you will have more unfettered access if you become, well, one of us.”
“How would I become a member?” the other man asked cautiously. 
“You’d need two sponsors - in this case, Lilian and Fiela - and you’d sign a contract that essentially prohibits you from disclosing what you learn about the Nisirtu with others outside our little club.”
Ben said, “But the tablets - what if they are legitimate and I am successful in deciphering them? Surely you don’t plan to keep them a secret. They may be historically significant. I’d want to publish my findings.”
“If you can do that without revealing their location or the existence of the Nisirtu, you are free to publish. In fact, I will allow you to keep one tablet to share with your peers for additional study.” 
The linguist chewed on the offer. “You’re telling me that all I have to do is to get two sponsors and not reveal the secret handshake?”
Ridley nodded. “You understand me exactly.”
“And you’ll give me your word that I can publish my findings?”
“Yes. I’ll put it in writing. Also, you will be paid handsomely. You may name whatever figure you think is reasonable. I would suggest one hundred million as a starting point? Our society has unlimited assets and I’m sure you’re a fair man.”
Ben couldn’t help but laugh. “One hundred million dollars?”
“If you can decipher the tablets.”
“You can’t be serious.”
“But I am. In fact, I will ensure the first twenty-five million are deposited into your account the moment you become a member. A gesture of good faith.”
Ben didn’t hesitate. “Show me the tablets.” 

His host led him through a huge kitchen at the back of the old hotel that was surprisingly modern. It appeared completely new, in fact, with the manufacturer’s tags and stickers still attached to the appliances. There were a half dozen stainless steel gas and electric ranges, four deep sinks, numerous refrigerators and freezers, and rows of metal cabinets on each wall. Each of the appliances was top-of-the-line and commercial grade. Hundreds of cooking utensils were attached to hooks above granite-topped islands.
Ben whistled admiringly. “You must like to entertain.”
“Me? Oh, never. I am a recluse, you see.  However, I thought it a good idea to have the kitchen upgraded for - well, for whoever lives here next. I’ve made other improvements. There is an underground storage tank in the back with fuel for the generators and several aboveground storage tanks of propane, in addition to some very scary-looking batteries powered by solar arrays and geothermal sources. There are also some good wood burning stoves and ice boxes in the other kitchen.”
“Other kitchen?”
“One kitchen won’t do with four hundred guests,” said the scribe over his shoulder. 
“You’re thinking of selling, then.”
“Selling? No, no. I have no use for money, Ben.”
The two men left the kitchen and walked through a maze of paneled corridors, making so many turns at nondescript corners that Ben was certain that he’d never be able to find his way back on his own.
“Here we are,” Ridley said at last, stopping in front of a faded white wooden door that looked to be original to the house. 
A reproduction of an old painting, a foot wide and perhaps half as tall, had been affixed to the wall two feet above and to the right of the doorknob. Ben was familiar with the original painting but couldn’t remember where he had seen it before.  It showed the erection of a giant stone building that was shaped like an inverted cone, with a masonry walk spiraling up its exterior like threads on a screw. Dozens of shadowy, arched portals checkered the building’s surface. At the top of the building, which was unfinished, workers toiled to make the building taller still. An ancient city was in the background, its buildings dwarfed by the new edifice.
Ridley gave him a mischievous look. “An old family photo.”  He placed his palm on the print. As he removed his hand there was a whir and click. “This is a proprietary bio-identification plate, or ‘bioplate.’  Normally it’s just a slab of black porcelain. I thought the painting was a nice touch, though.”  He gestured toward the open door. “If you would do the honors?”
Ben reached down and turned the handle, which was surprisingly firm in his grip, and as the door opened he saw why. The door was six-inch thick steel. The wooden surface visible in the hallway was merely a façade. 
In front of him was a stone staircase that spiraled into the earth, each step illuminated by red LED lights.  A cool breeze rose from the depths and swept over the two men, filling the air with a dank, musty smell.
“Remind me to turn on the ventilators,” said Ridley as he ambled slowly down the steps. “There is an elevator on the far end of the house but I need some exercise.”
Ben was amazed at how long it took the men to reach the bottom of the stairs. When they finally completed their descent there was nothing in front of them but darkness. He heard switches being flipped.  Massive lights blinked to life overhead and Ben found himself standing at the entrance to a large cavern, complete with stalactites, perhaps fifty yards in diameter and four stories tall.
“Whoa,” he said. “You’ve got a cave?”
Ridley shrugged. “I thought all men had these nowadays. Have I overdone it?”  He winked at the other man, adding, “Only a small portion of the cave is beneath the hotel, of course. Most of it is offset to the east, beneath the parking lot.”
Ben whistled his approval. The old man had made some serious upgrades to what nature had provided. The electric lights that illuminated the space were attached to a lattice of steel girders that floated fifty feet above them, the girders supported by rows of steel columns. The cavern’s natural floor, uneven and slippery, had been supplanted by an elevated platform of steel grates. Through the small gaps in the grates Ben could see the rock floor beneath them, smooth, shiny, and wet. From seemingly everywhere he could hear the gentle trickling of water.
“What are those?” asked Ben, pointing at a row of metal boxes along a far wall. They looked like the ice cream coolers.
“Ice boxes. The hotel’s builders used this cave for cold storage,” said the old man, walking onto the landing. As he did so the grates shifted slightly, filling the cavern with dull, metallic echoes. 
“The cave has a constant temperature of approximately fifty degrees. You’d be surprised how long ice will last even during the summer months. Also, a stream runs through the cave and pools at one end before draining back out into the mountain. Its water is safe to drink. In a pinch, the hotel’s former owners could simply insert bottles and jars into the stream to keep the contents cool.”
“Over there,” Ridley said, nodding at a series of metal doors built into the cavern’s wall, “are the food supplies, a medical center, and some other facilities. Those are not original to the hotel, of course.”
A medical center, wondered Ben? Food supplies? “Are you a survivalist?”
The other man regarded him with amazement. “All humans are survivalists, Ben. Some are simply better at it than others. Here we are.”
They stopped in front of a door that had a black porcelain panel next to it. “The door at the top of the stairs,” he said, “is a Class 5 vault door, as are most of the ones you see around you. They are quite tough but not impenetrable.”
“How do the porcelain panels work? Fingerprint analysis?”
“That and a DNA match. They also check respiration and perspiration levels, that kind of thing.”
“A DNA match? I didn’t know such systems existed.”
“They are used by a few intelligence agencies and the system itself is classified, but with the right connections, anything is obtainable.” 
Ridley opened the door and Ben followed him into a room the size of a two-car garage. The walls, floor, and ceiling were concrete painted white. Large fluorescent lights, motion-activated, flickered to life overhead. Running perpendicular to the vault door were four rows of polished oak display cases with glass lids. Visible inside the cases were collections of flat black stones ranging in size from a few inches to almost a foot in diameter, each a quarter inch to an inch thick. 
Ridley motioned the other man to join him at one of the cabinets. The scribe grasped a bronze handle on the forward edge of the lid, pulled it open and reached in and withdrew a specimen. He handed it to the visitor before the younger man could put on the gloves he’d brought with him.
Ben turned the tablet over in his hand. “I’m not familiar with this type of stone. What is it?”
“The tablets are carbonaceous chondrites. There are some variations to the molecular structure that remain unexplained but which seem to give them unique properties, like resistance to erosion. The variation exists only in these tablets.”
Ben drew a blank. “Carbonaceous chondrites?”
“Meteorites. The tablets are carved from meteorites that have undergone some kind of refinement.”
“That’s…well, odd.”  He thought about it a moment longer. “Do you have a magnifying glass?”
Ridley nodded at a stout oak table in one corner of the room. “There’s a magnifying lamp right over there.”
Ben walked over to the table, flipped on the lamp, and put the tablet in his hand beneath it. Just as he had seen in the photographs, he now saw a confusing network of thousands of etched lines in a rainbow of colors. Lines that sometimes ran parallel to one another, sometimes perpendicular, and sometimes at angles. Lines that bent and swirled and looped. Yellow lines that crossed red lines, but not green lines. Red lines that crossed green lines, but only after having crossed yellow lines. Red lines that curved back on themselves at the corners, whereas violet lines never curved back on themselves…
Patterns, he confirmed. There were patterns. Rules?
Maybe. 
He said, “Why did you conclude that these etchings represent a written language?”
“I have good reasons to believe so which I will share with you if you accept the assignment. Don’t you find the lines peculiar?”
“Yes, but they could represent a million things other than a writing system.”
“I doubt that is what your instincts are telling you.”  
The old man was right. Letting out a breath, Ben said, “What can you tell me about the inscriptions, then? The cuts worry me. They look machined.”
“I understand your concern. In fact, there is absolutely no variation in width or depth at any point in any inscription. The engravings were made with a level of precision that exceeds what we are capable of today with lasers or computer-aided instruments.”
Ben stood erect. “You don’t expect me to believe that.”
“I’ll produce the lab reports for you.”
“Can you also provide documentation as to when and where the tablets were found?”
“Yes. Our society keeps impeccable records.”
Flipping off the lamp and reluctantly returning the tablet to the case the old man had withdrawn it from, Ben said, “I can’t say the tablets are authentic, not with such a cursory review. The precision of the cuts is bothersome to say the least.”
“But you would like to study them at length?”
Ben took his time in responding. “Yes.”
“You can agree to my terms?”
Ben nodded. “If I need to join your organization, I will.”
Clapping his hands together, Ridley said, “You’ve made me very happy, Ben. We shall get to the bottom of this mystery together, yes? Anything you need, you will have.”

Lilian was waiting for them in the Great Hall. 
“You’ll accept the assignment?” she asked, looking back and forth between the men. 
Ben reluctantly nodded. “Yes, and I’ve agreed to join your, um, club.”
He was almost embarrassed at how happy this seemed to make her. “Thank you, Ben! I’ve made dinner arrangements for us in town tonight to celebrate. Is that acceptable?”
“Dinner? Sure.”
“The Ziggurat?” asked Ridley. Lilian nodded and gave him a knowing look.
“But Lilian,” the old man said, “our guest must be exhausted, especially after that interminable drive up the mountain. He tells me he hardly slept last night. Ben, would you be opposed to flying into town tonight? There’s a helipad in the back and the pilot isn’t doing anything else.”
For a moment Ben wasn’t sure what to say. A helicopter ride to dinner? 
“If it’s not an inconvenience,” he managed.
Ridley seemed relieved, as if there was a real possibility that Ben would refuse the offer. “Not at all. Would you also do me the favor of being my guest while you study the tablets? I can send for your things or have Mr. Fetch meet you downtown to retrieve whatever you need.”
“I hadn’t really expected to spend the evening here,” Ben said, looking at Lilian accusingly.
“Please, Ben,” said Ridley. “Think how much time will be wasted if you spend the next week driving up and down that mountain!  As you can see, I have plenty of room.” 
Ben pursed his lips. In for a penny, in for a pound. “Sure.”
The man in the red robe slapped him on the back again. “Excellent!  You may stay in the Chambers Suite in the north turret. It’s six floors up but I’ve had elevators installed in each of the turrets. Your room has fresh linen and towels, that sort of thing.”
Looking at Lilian, Ben said, “I’m not sure what to do about clothes. I’m fairly certain there’s no helipad on top of my apartment building and I’m assuming that I’m underdressed.”
Lilian nodded. “Check your room. I took the liberty of obtaining a few items for you in advance.”
“What? But how did you-”
“You’re a reasonable man. I assumed a hundred million dollars to do what you love and do best would convince you to stay. It wasn’t so wild a guess, was it? So a few weeks ago I flew a man with your exact dimensions to Savile Row to serve as your surrogate. Not that it was easy to find a man with such broad shoulders. I had to make inquiries with half the modeling agencies in the country. It took weeks!”
Ben was momentarily at a loss for words. Eventually he said, “You’re predicted everything that would happen today. Weeks ago.” 
“That’s right.”
“Apparently I have no secrets,” Ben mumbled, disquieted.
Lilian kissed him on the cheek and whispered into his ear, “Don’t fret.  Soon, you will have many.”
 

Chapter 8 – Moros

The name of the thirty-something man standing outside the arrival gate at Denver International Airport was Moros. Tall, lanky, and undeniably handsome, he wore a loose-fitting, pinstriped Italian silk suit with a red kerchief poking out from the left breast pocket. On his feet was a freshly polished pair of gray Forzieri shoes. His shiny auburn hair was styled in the latest “controlled chaos” fashion made popular in southern Europe and his androgynous facial features were accented with just the right amount of rouge and crimson lipstick. Black eyeliner framed his almost fluorescent silver eyes. 
Moros impatiently examined the Jaeger-LeCoultre on his wrist, but as he did so, a hunter green Porsche 918 Spyder navigated haphazardly between two stalled taxis and came to a stop in front of him. A young, red haired woman in a white jacket and sheath dress jumped out of the driver’s side and rushed towards him. She wore wire-rimmed spectacles that sported dime-sized orange lenses.
“Mr. Moros?” she asked when she reached him.
“Miss Fetch,” he replied in an accent the woman could not place, “you are eight minutes late.”
“Yes sir, sorry, the traffic-” she began, but abandoned the apology when his expression warned her it was unwelcome. She changed course. “Do you have any luggage, sir?”
“Of course not. I don’t tote used clothing around the world in plastic boxes. We’ll obtain what I need on the way to the hotel.”
“Where would you like to go?”
“Finshim’s, to start,” he said, naming an upscale clothing store on the city’s outskirts. 
“Sir, it’s Sunday morning, Finshim’s doesn’t open for four hours.”
Moros said, “That is a problem that either you will fix or I will fix. Which shall it be, Miss Fetch?”  
The man’s expression was frightening. Miss Fetch, who in another reality was called Barbara Volker, tried to mask her intimidation. She failed and looked away. 
“I’ll fix it, sir,” Miss Fetch said in a tiny voice, pulling her phone from her purse. “If you’d like to have a seat in the car, I’ll make the necessary calls.”
Moros’s expression was suddenly benevolent. “A superb answer. For the briefest moment I thought you were destined for the gallows.”
Miss Fetch opened the passenger door of the Porsche and the man slid agilely inside and began an examination of his nails. She was tapped on the shoulder before she could punch the first button on her phone. Turning, she found herself dwarfed by a huge man in a police uniform who had positioned himself between a large “No Parking” sign and the Spyder.
“Oh,” she said, flustered, “I’m about to move.”
“Miss Fetch, right?” asked the man in a gravelly voice. 
Puzzled, she lowered her phone and said, “That’s right.”
“Going to Finshim’s?”
Miss Fetch stared up at the man, “How did you know that?”
“Boss told me. He tells me you have a VIP in the car. I’m to escort you and make sure you don’t get delayed.”  He nodded toward a police car on the other side of the road. “Give me a minute. When I get in front of you and turn on the flashers, follow behind me. I’m going to be driving fast but I think that little import of yours can probably keep up.”
“Oh - oh, okay,” she said, but the policeman was already walking away. As she hurried back to her car, she punched a speed dial and initiated a frantic, desperate conversation with a woman on the other end. Driving fast, with a police escort, gave her ten minutes to arrange for the Finshim’s to be opened. It was impossible and she could feel her chest tightening. 
“I don’t care!” she yelled into the phone as she got behind the wheel and angrily pushed the seat belt out of the way. “Get hold of the owner or the manager or whoever and get them there. Do whatever it takes.”  This last bit was pure theatrics, since the person on the other end had already hung up, but Miss Fetch wanted desperately to prove to Mr. Moros that she was trying to please him.
The police car sounded its warning sirens, “whoop whoop whoop,” and turned on its flashers. Pedestrians obediently made way as the cruiser positioned itself in front of the Spyder and accelerated. Miss Fetch put her car into gear and followed it.
Looking at her, Moros said, “This is your first assignment, Miss Fetch?”
“Yes sir.”
“What do you normally do?” he asked, though he already knew. In truth, he knew not only the woman’s profession, but also her income, medical history, personality type, sexual preferences and everything else about her. He knew that she was an assistant to a famous banker, that she had high triglycerides, that she had once had an abortion, that she proclaimed a love for alternative rock but secretly listened to 80’s pop music, and that she spent most evenings alone in her apartment browsing financial and international news sites in addition to sites dedicated to alternative medicine, fashion, and Indian cooking. 
Her most recent internet purchases included a slipcover for a couch, a wireless router, and two sex toys ordered a week apart. Apparently the first one just wasn’t getting the job done. 
“I’m an executive assistant to Gerald Powers,” she said, citing the name of the too-big-to-fail bank’s president and CEO.
“You are young for such a position. You’re an ambitious person, are you not?”
“Yes, sir, I am,” she said.
“That is unfortunate,” Moros said with the slightest shake of his head.
Miss Fetch frowned, “Pardon me, sir?”
“You say you are ambitious, but you have already failed me twice in the space of five minutes. You arrived late at the airport, and you are begging someone else for assistance in opening the doors at Finshim’s.”
“But you said-”
“Listen, Miss Fetch.”  The edge in the passenger’s voice made the hairs on the driver’s neck tingle. “I do not believe in a learning curve. When a person like me tells you they want something, you deliver it. If you are a good fetch, you will find that in a few short years you will be fabulously wealthy with an extraordinary number of influential friends and business contacts. You will be a god in your own pathetic little world. But if you are a bad fetch, you, your friends, and your family will be marked, and it is a mark that cannot be removed. Failure and despair will follow you all the days of your life. Do you understand that?”
“Yes sir,” Miss Fetch said hoarsely.
“Good. Now, if I tell you that I wish to procure clothing from an establishment that is closed, you do not call anyone begging for help. You call the owner and demand that the doors be opened, and you dictate when. If we arrive and the doors are not open, you will shatter the storefront glass with a brick, or shoot off the lock, or attack the door with an axe, or if you prefer, you will pay someone else to do those things. You will do whatever it takes to please me and you will not worry about the repercussions, because if you are with me there are no repercussions. Not for success. There are only repercussions for failure. Is that perfectly clear?”
“Yes, sir,” the fetch said, her face hot as she beat back tears and accelerated to catch back up to the cop car. She had been so distracted by Moros’s words that she had inadvertently slowed down, allowing the distance between the Spyder and its escort to expand to five car lengths.
“You are new,” her employer continued, “so I arranged for this police escort and my accommodations. I will go lightly on you this trip because you have no concept of what true freedom is, but this will be your only opportunity for such failures. Another mistake and I shall burn the mark into your forehead myself and dump you into an alley.”
He watched as the woman’s face reddened and waited for her to protest, but she gave a curt nod and continued to look forward. 
“Superb. Now, shall I reveal to you why I’m in Denver?” he asked.
Miss Fetch cleared her throat and said distractedly. “Yes, sir, if you’d like.”
“I’m here to destroy the world.”
The red head sniffled and nodded but she didn’t actually hear the words. Her thoughts were held hostage by his threats. “Good luck, sir.”
“Ha!” boomed Moros loudly, startling her. His laugh was as loud as a gunshot. He slapped the dash, his palm impacting it like a sledgehammer, and laughed louder, his mouth a dark gaping cavern as he turned toward Miss Fetch with wild eyes, truly amused. 
“Good luck!  Ha! Yes, Miss Fetch!  Good luck, indeed!”

Chapter 9 - Her Father’s Ring

Ben had spent most of the afternoon asleep in his new quarters, which were ridiculously opulent. The bathroom alone was larger than his apartment, with a bathtub the size of a small pool. On a marble shelf he had found nine varieties of soap to choose from. Half came from Europe or Asia and contained herbal ingredients he had never heard of.
The bed was over-the-top, spanning two zip codes. Who could possibly need a bed that big? Yet the mattress was magical. He had lain down on it with the intent of resting his eyes and had instead been sucked into the land of dreams.
He had slept for three hours, only waking when a servant appeared at his door with a menu, inquiring as to whether Ben would like a late lunch brought to his room. Not recognizing most of the items on the menu, he’d asked for a hamburger and Coke, and damned if it wasn’t the best hamburger he’d eaten in his entire life. The Coke was the Mexican variety made with real sugar and served in a frosty glass bottle. 
Now it was nearing five o’clock and Ben stood next to one of the fireplaces in the Great Hall sipping from a green bottle of mineral water. He wore the new suit that Lilian had provided him, which consisted of a black coat and pants, a gray pinstriped shirt, and black tie. The fit was perfect. The shoes were Italian and as comfortable as a broken-in pair of sneakers. He felt like a million bucks and wondered if that had been the investment made in his outfit for the night. 
Lilian walked into the room. She had changed into a magnificent little black dress that faithfully transferred every underlying curve to the surface. Ben tried to avoid ogling her but could see she knew the impression she made. 
“Do you like it?” she asked.
“That is what is called a rhetorical question, Lilian.”
“I am pleased to hear you say so.”
“So,” he said, “what exactly is required for me to join this club of yours? Ridley said that you and Fiela would sponsor me but I’m not sure what that means.”
Lilian moved toward him and stopped an arm’s length away. Around her neck was a platinum bib necklace riddled with rubies and emeralds. Her slightest movement set off a fireworks display.
“Ah,” she said. “That is rather tricky, so I’ll need you to humor me.”
Ben raised an eyebrow. “I hope there’s no paddling involved.”
“Nothing like that,” she said with an unsteady smile.
Seconds passed.
 “Just tell me, Lilian.”
The woman put a palm on his chest and twiddled her fingers. “We need to get married.”  Before that could register, she added hurriedly, “A purely ceremonial marriage, Ben.”
Picking his jaw up from the floor, the man said, “Meaning what?”
“Meaning, there will be no priests, judges or justices-of-the peace involved. The marriage will not be recognized by any state or nation. No paperwork will be filed at any courthouse. We will be like two actors exchanging vows in a play.”
Skeptical, the linguist said, “It remains an odd requirement.”
“Yes, but you see, there are only two ways one can enter the Nisirtu. The first is to be born into the society and the second is to marry into it. There are no guest passes. If you agree to become my Nisirtu husband, my mutu, you will have the same rights as me. You can study the tablets and read all the musty secret books in Ridley’s library and go with me to the Ziggurat.”
Ben’s ears perked up at musty secret books. He imagined Ridley had an enviable collection of such books. “What does this ‘purely ceremonial’ marriage entail?”
“A dowry. A gift from the bride’s father to the groom.”
“That’s rather antiquarian.”
Lilian looked mildly offended. “Is it, really? When a father of a bride pays for a wedding, he is essentially paying a dowry.  The Nisirtu have the same custom, except that the dowry comes in the form of a gift.”
“We’re not talking money, I hope.”
“Oh, no. Never. Ben, the Nisirtu do not use money. We do not even talk about it unless dealing with non-members. It is considered extraordinarily rude to mention money in polite company.”
Ben laughed in disbelief. “You’ve got to be kidding me. I’m wearing a suit that probably costs more than a new car and we’re flying to dinner in a helicopter but you don’t use money? I can’t even imagine what that means!”
“That is something I can explain to you on the way to the Ziggurat.”
“But what kind of dowry can there be, other than money?”
“It must be a right or authority. That is the stock and trade of the Nisirtu. My father must grant you a right or authority.”
“You told me you were an orphan. Your father is...”
“Dead,” she said quickly. “Yes, which would normally be a problem.”   She raised a single finger into the air. “However, I have a solution.”
“Of course you do,” said Ben matter-of-factly, but by then Lilian was walking out of the room.
“I’ll be right back,” she said over one shoulder.
Ben fell into a nearby chair. A purely ceremonial marriage? Things were moving far too fast. He hadn’t had sufficient time to analyze any of what he had seen or heard in the past thirty-six hours. Despite evidence to the contrary, he still half expected to see a camera lens poking through the room’s curtains, proof that he was a victim of some reality show hoax. 
The ten million dollars in his bank account was real enough, though. Or was it thirty-five million, now?
A few minutes later Lilian returned holding in both hands an ivory chest encrusted with a rainbow of precious stones. It was the size of small music box. The edges were lined with gold but the hinges and clasp appeared to be iron. She sat it down on the coffee table in front of Ben with something like reverence. Then she stepped out of her shoes and knelt down at the end of the table, at the foot of Ben’s chair, and pivoted the box so that the clasp was facing him.
“This belonged to my father but was left in my care when he…when he died.”  There was a slight tremor in Lilian’s voice. She cleared her throat, smiled apologetically, and reached over and opened the chest. Inside was a faded blue velvet cushion and on top of that an enormous ring.
“It was his signet ring,” Lilian said in a low voice. “His was the last hand to ever touch it.”
“It’s stunning,” Ben said under his breath, leaning forward. The golden loop was a half-inch thick and heavily inscribed with Cuneiform-like symbols so small and intricate that he would need a magnifying glass to make any sense of them.  The bezel, which seemed to be made of a harder metal, was the size of a quarter and bore rows of additional symbols and characters. Ben marveled at the superb craftsmanship and the ring’s imposing character. 
“This must be ancient,” he said.
“The bezel is not but the ring is quite ancient,” said Lilian, “and I am giving it to you.”
Ben was taken aback. Looking at her, he said, “Lilian, no. This should be in a museum.”
“No, it is the ring of a Nisirtu. It cannot be put on display.”
“But it must be worth a fortune.”
“Not to me, Ben. I cannot sell it, and would not. I cannot trade it, and would not. Do not focus on the ring’s antiquity or historical significance. Those qualities are unimportant.”
“Maybe to you, Lilian, but to someone like me those qualities are very important. Besides, isn’t giving me a valuable ring the same thing as giving me money? It seems rather hypocritical to say the Nisirtu don’t use money but then to give away items that are worth a fortune.”
Lilian shook her head. “No, Ben. It is not the ring’s monetary value that is important. It is the inscriptions that matter. Though the ring is ancient, my father added the bezel with the inscriptions. He had it added for a son that was to succeed him. An anticipated son that was, sadly, stillborn. The inscriptions grant the bearer of this ring my father’s authorities.”
Ben hesitated. “What authorities? I mean, what authorities can a dead man have? I’m sorry to be so frank, but-.”
“No, you’re right, in most ways. Yet this ring does give you one authority, and a notably appropriate one. It gives you the authority to act in his stead to approve my marriage.”  She raised her eyebrows. “That is a pleasant coincidence, don’t you think? My father gives you his authority, through this ring, to approve my marriage, and thus the dowry is paid, and we may marry. We kill two birds with one stone.”
Ben meditated on her words. “You mean, if I accept this ring, I am both accepting a dowry and giving myself permission to...well, anyway, that’s a tangled web, isn’t it?”
“Yes, but perfectly legal. You must keep in mind, Ben, that we are speaking only of a ritual relationship. Nothing more. Members of other orders, ones you are more familiar with, address one another as ‘brother’ or ‘sister’ without any fear that the government might construe such titles as legally binding.”
Grimacing, the man said, “True, but ‘brother’ and ‘sister’ are very different from ‘husband’ and ‘wife.’  Anyway, putting that issue aside for now, I have another concern”
“What?”
“The Delphic Order of the Nisirtu appears to be very exclusive, and given how you erased last night’s events from history, very influential. Even if I accept the ring, I find it difficult to believe that you could bring me, a stranger, into that kind of society. I could be a spy. I could reveal everything I learn to the press. Why would others in your organization take that chance?”
“You’re right, Ben. It’s unusual for a marriage to a non-Nisirtu to be approved. Detailed background checks are necessary. It is not unlike being screened for a top level security clearance in Government.”
“Well, there you go.”
Lilian regarded him, pursed her lips, and looked away. She tapped the coffee table with her manicured nails. 
Then he knew. “You’ve already had me screened.”
“Yes,” she admitted. “You passed with flying colors. Congratulations. You’re quite trustworthy.”
“This was planned, then.”
Lilian looked at him intently. “Everything in my life is planned. There is no time for trial and error.”
“I still don’t understand the urgency.”
“You will.”  But not this very moment, her expression told him. 
“Okay, what about Fiela? Ridley said I need you both to sponsor me.”
“She’s to be your guardian – and mine.”
“She’s agreed to this?”
“Oh yes, in advance, though she didn’t know it was to you she’d be attached, specifically. Ridley has in his possession what amounts to a general power of attorney for his niece. He can authorize the…” She seemed at a loss for words.
“Sponsorship?” suggested Ben.
“Yes, thank you. Sponsorship,” parroted Lilian, looking relieved and embarrassed.
The man said, “I realize this is only ceremonial but I still think she should okay this personally.”
“Ben, she already has.”
“Yeah, but this is getting a little weird. Weirder, I mean.”
“A little weirdness seems a small price to pay to study Ridley’s tablets and to become wealthy beyond your wildest dreams.”
She had a point. Ben pinched the bridge of his nose and thought for a long moment. “Okay, fine. I will accept the ring. Temporarily. I’ll return it to you when my study of the tablets is complete.” 
He reached into the box on the table and touched the ring experimentally, as if it might shock him, but it was simply a cold piece of metal. He exchanged a last look with Lilian before pulling the ring from the box and placing it on his finger in a quick, fluid motion.
“Done,” he said victoriously, as if he’d successfully ripped a bandage from his skin without screaming. He inspected the ring. “Huh. A perfect fit.”
Lilian touched the ring delicately. “Do you approve the marriage?” she asked.
Ben was momentarily at a loss. “Oh, right. Yes, I approve the marriage.”
A warm breeze swept through the room and a door somewhere above them slammed shut.
“Then I welcome you to the Nisirtu,” Lilian said, smiling, but as she remembered her father her smile fell away, and she trembled.

Chapter 10 - Paupers in a Limo

The helicopter that transported them from Steepleguard to Denver was nothing like the Blackhawk helicopters Ben had grown accustomed to in Afghanistan. Ridley’s helicopter had the interior of a private jet, complete with wet bar. The flight took only minutes and they were met at a private airport by a limousine. When they were inside the vehicle, Lilian raised the privacy screen and turned to Ben looking very serious.
“Ben, I shall refer to you as Mutu, especially in front of other Nisirtu. You must refer to me as Asatu from time to time.”
“I am committed to the charade,” the other occupant responded, palms up in surrender. “So, we just flew down the mountain in a luxury helicopter from a hotel the size of a small city that is home to one man, and you hired a male model to act as surrogate for me in London to get me this suit – which is very nice, by the way.”
“Thank you,” she said.
 “But you told me earlier that the Nisirtu do not use money. You can understand why I have trouble reconciling that statement with what I’m seeing. You certainly appear to have money. Someone just deposited a lot of money into my bank account.”
Lilian shook her head. “I assure you, Ben, Nisirtu do not carry cash, credit cards, or debit cards. We have no bank accounts. We do not own property, at least not in the fragmented sense that you understand ownership. We have no possessions other than Nisirtu-specific heirlooms that serve ritual functions. Nisirtu are quite literally penniless. In practice, we do not even touch money. It is considered unclean. Only the Ardoon-” she stopped.
“The slaves,” said Ben. “You mean non-Nisirtu, I imagine?”
“That’s right.”  She gauged his reaction and seemed surprised at the lack of one. “In my world, you are either Nisirtu or Ardoon. A master of the world or a slave. Only slaves use money.”
Nodding toward her, Ben said, “Then who paid for that necklace you’re wearing? It has to be worth, what, a hundred thousand?”
“It was provided to me by Mr. Fetch.”
“And where did he get it?”
“I have no idea,” she said. “I described to him the necklace I wanted and he obtained it for me.”  
“But you own it now.”
“Not in the sense you mean. I merely wear it.”
“Your mansion?”
“It’s not mine. Nor is the car I drive or the clothes I am wearing. All were provided by Mr. Fetch. As was the money deposited into your accounts.”
“I see. You simply tell Mr. Fetch what you need and he provides it.”
“That is his job, Ben. It is the job of every fetch. It is, I’m sure you realize, a title, not a name. There are thousands of men assigned that title, and thousands of women who bear the title, ‘Miss Fetch.’ They are Ardoon who hunger for power and money. Like most of the underclass, they confuse the two. They serve us to get and control more of what they love, though none of them realize they are serving the Nisirtu.”
He said, “But if you don’t use money how are the people you call ‘fetches’ compensated?”
“We provide them with new and useful connections, insider information, access to important people or technologies, that kind of thing. It is all done indirectly and discreetly, of course. Consequently, fetches are never certain exactly why fortune smiles upon them while they are in our employ, but the fact that it does conditions them to behave properly.” 
Ben said, “Alright, I can almost grasp how fetches work. There at least seems to be some reciprocity in those arrangements. But this class-warfare thing bothers me. Masters and slaves? I don’t care how rich the Nisirtu are, or powerful, that’s a remarkable level of arrogance.”
Lilian smiled. “Only if it is untrue, Ben.  Anyway, that belief is immaterial to your assignment. I’m only revealing our beliefs to you because soon you’ll be interacting with other Nisirtu and I’d rather you hear them from me than others.”  
Letting out a deep breath, he said, “Fine. If you guys want to be pompous asses, that’s your business.”  He decided to take the conversation in a safer direction, saying, “Ridley told me that you have chapters that you call kingdoms. Is tonight’s meeting open to all chapters, or just yours?”
“Ours, you mean.”
“Right.”
“It is open to any Nisirtu in good standing. There are ten kingdoms. A Family is in charge of each kingdom, also called a House. The terms Kingdom, House, and Family are somewhat interchangeable.”
“You have kings and queens, that kind of thing.”
“That’s right. Most often a king is called Anax and a queen is called Annasa. The Nisirtu are ancient. A ruler with subjects is the natural order of things.”
 “What chapter are you – are we in?”
“We are in the Fifth, but don’t let that mislead you. Fiela is in the Tenth. All kingdoms exist in all places. A kingdom is defined by its membership and the Family that rules it, not by geographic boundaries. Just as you will have Democrats, Republics, Libertarians, and so forth in one city, so you will also have members from each of the Ten Kingdoms. Ziggurats like the one we are going to now are meetings of nobles and high-ranking scribes of the various kingdoms.”
“You said ‘kingdoms in good standing?’  That implies some are not.”
“That’s right. For reasons we don’t have time to go into right now, the Third, Seventh, and Ninth Kingdoms are in rebellion. Those three kingdoms form what is called the Maqtu. The Houses in good standing are called simply ‘the Seven’.  I am, and you are, a member of the Seven.”
“Rebellion sounds rather militaristic.”
“It is the proper term. They war against us and thus we war against them.”
“Court battles, you mean.”
The woman laughed. “Yes, but not in the sense that you mean. I mean we are killing one another. With guns or whatever else is available.”
“Seriously.”
“Seriously. Why do you think Fiela fights as she does? She’s been fighting the rebels for a decade, since she was a child. Did you not see the scars on her legs?”
The researcher stewed on that. “Sounds almost like a Mafia thing.”
“That is a fair analogy.”
“You let children fight?”
“Everyone does when push comes to shove, Ben. We have been shoved.”
Ben was troubled by that, but said, “That might explain Fiela’s expertise. She’s a force of nature with a mop.”
Lilian smiled. “She is Peth-Allati. A shadow horseman. The title originated long ago, when our warriors rode horses into battle. Peth-Allati, or Peth, are the Nisirtu equivalent of the ancient Knights Templar. She is an ardent believer in and enforcer of the faith, which in this case is the way of the Nisirtu.”
“Which is that anyone who is not a Nisirtu is a slave.”
“Which is that humanity benefits from the guiding hand of the Nisirtu and should not bite the hand that feeds it.”
“And she seemed like such a nice girl…”
“She is, really. So long as you aren’t on her bad side.”
“I was joking, Lilian.”
“I’m not. But here we are, Ben. We can continue our discussion inside.”

Chapter 11 - The Ziggurat

 The limousine had stopped in front of a sad looking six-story brick building in a forgotten and neglected part of town.  Ben thought that the white brick structure, built in the Italian Renaissance revival style, had probably been constructed in the 1920’s. All of the building’s terra cotta trimmed windows were boarded up and the door to main entrance was merely a reinforced piece of plywood, across which stretched a band of yellow plastic warning tape. 
Ben stepped out of the car and proffered his hand. Lilian took it and he gently pulled her forward. She leaned through the passenger window and said, “I’ll call for you, Mr. Fetch. Stay nearby.”  
 “Yes, madam,” the driver said, and pulled away.
Lilian gently touched Ben’s elbow and said, looking up at the building, “Welcome to the Ziggurat.”
“Hmmm.”  
“Not impressed?”
“Well, no,” admitted Ben.
“This is merely the location being used this evening. Tomorrow this will again be an abandoned building.”
“How do we get inside?”
“We use magic,” she said. She took off her shawl and waved it in the air theatrically. “Sésame, ouvre-toi!”
There was a mechanical click from behind the door, and a whirring noise. A tiny orange light blinked twice and the plywood door swung outward in a surprisingly smooth motion. 
“See?” she said, grinning. “Magic!”
“Bravo,” said Ben as she took his hand. “Can you also pull a rabbit from a hat?”
Lilian led him toward the door. Beyond it was nothing but an inky blackness.
“Better,” she said. “I can put one in.”
“That’s not much of a trick.”
She winked at him. “It is when the rabbit disappears.”

They stepped past the door and watched it close behind them. Ben saw a sliver of red light ahead of them and they began to walk toward it.  When they had almost reached it Lilian moved aside a thick plastic curtain to reveal a staircase above which dangled an exposed red bulb. They went up several sets of stairs before emerging onto a broad landing illuminated by another red bulb. Twenty feet in front of them was a paneled wooden door with cracked but intact glazing at the top. Faded yellow lettering on the glass pane read “Administration Office.”   Beneath that was a newly painted edition – a circular labyrinth a foot in diameter that resembled a fingerprint, the entrance at the bottom. It was similar to the one on the doors of Steepleguard, except that this version had elven circuits instead of five.
Next to the door stood a human figure. 
“The guard,” whispered Lilian, putting her arm around Ben’s waist and ushering him forward.
As they approached, Ben saw that the figure was a man dressed in a metallic skirt composed of rows of overlapping gold plates, like the scales of a fish. His muscular chest was bare except for a gold broad collar. On his head was a tall, elongated bronze helmet decorated by rows of turquoise beads. Four metallic wings had been affixed to his back, in the shape of an X, like the wings of a dragonfly. A thick, black, and intricately woven beard fell to his chest, where it was cut horizontally. In each hand the guard held a bronze weapon that looked like a massive fork but with three tongs at both top and bottom.
Ben leaned over and whispered, “I’m sure he’s a tough customer but those metal wings and skirt are going to be a real problem if gets into a fight.”
Lilian replied, “Oh, he’s mostly ceremonial. Like the single Marine guard at the door to the White House. Besides,” she teased, “he has a big gun inside that skirt of his.”
“A big…oh. Lilian, that’s not very ladylike.” 
“No, seriously, it’s a requirement for the job.”
“Lilian!”
“I’ve seen him use it.”
Ben moaned. “Enough!”
The two stopped in front of the guard and Ben saw the man tighten his grip on the two weapons in his hands, as if readying them. The former Marine removed his arm from around Lilian, suddenly alert. Lilian, however, was completely at ease, as if the guard were merely a teenager responsible for taking movie tickets.
She said, “Vos es migdu Lilitu sef Sarganu, Mutu vil Benzira, pos rindet es Temu. Adilnah.”
The guard glowered at Ben.
“Show him the dowry, Mutu,” said Lilian.
Ben held out his left hand and made a fist, feeling silly. 
The bearded guard bent over and inspected the signet ring, cynically at first, but in short order his eyes widened and his expression changed to one of bewilderment.
“Badeel!” said Lilian forcefully and, to Ben’s astonishment, she slapped the man viciously on the left side of his face. The stunned guard slowly went to one knee and lowered his head, mumbling something that sounded like an apology. 
“Be careful,” Lilian seethed at the cowering man in English, daggers in her voice, “or I will make you the fetch of Nea’deez.”  
The guard mumbled something else, pleading. Lilian towered over the censured man for what seemed like forever, letting the tension build. 
Then, it was over. She looked at Ben and her radiant, carefree smile had returned. 
“Sorry,” she said and put an arm back around his waist. “It’s so hard to get good help these days.”
With that, the two walked through the door and into the lair of the Nisirtu. 

Beyond the door was a spacious room that resembled, in size and furnishings, a large hotel conference center. Dozens of round tables were scattered about the room, each capable of seating ten people. The tables were covered with red cloths and harbored lit candles at their centers. Each was stocked with several bottles of liquor, wine, and water, buckets of ice and a variety of glasses. There were also makeshift booths along both walls. The walls were covered with thick black tapestries that kept the room’s illumination from penetrating the cracks in the boarded-up windows behind them. A ridiculously long banquet table that offered all varieties of sinful delicacies had been positioned at the back of the room. 
While moderately extravagant, these things would have been disappointingly mundane to Ben, given that the people in the room - there were about a hundred, he guessed - supposedly controlled his world, or large swaths of it. 
Compensating for the ordinariness was what he saw in the center of the room: Two immense and imposing statues, thirty feet long and ten feet high, with the bodies of bulls, the wings of birds, and the heads of men. The heads were almost exact facsimiles of the head of the guard Lilian had reprimanded, with elaborately braided bears, elongated caps, and scornful expressions. 
Ben detected a slight flicker from what he had initially assumed were spotlights on the floor around the statues. 
Lilian followed his gaze. “Lamassu,” she said. “Guardians.”
“Holograms,” marveled Ben.
“Yes. Centuries ago, the statues at the Ziggurats were real, but that was when the Nisirtu could safely meet in one place for years without detection. Today we must be mobile and you can imagine the logistical difficulties of moving such immense stone statues secretly from place to place. These look very realistic, don’t you think?”
“Incredibly realistic,” agreed Ben. 
“Let’s sit down,” said the woman. They took a booth and sat beside each other facing the entrance. “I want to be able to see who comes and goes. Drink?”
“Water.”
She arranged two glasses. Ben could hear the people in the booth behind him talking but they were speaking in what sounded like the same language Lilian had spoken to the guard. What was it called? Agati? 
Lilian handed Ben his water.
“Thanks,” he said, taking a sip. “Tell me then, how is it that the Nisirtu came to be the masters of the world? Did the Illuminati go bankrupt?”
“You’re humoring me?” she asked.
“Isn’t that what I’m supposed to do?”
She nodded. “We are the descendants of the Madihee, a nomadic tribe that originally migrated in and out of what are now Iraq, Syria and Iran five thousand years ago or so. Our ancestors bred superior horses that were capable of traveling further and faster than others. They also developed primitive rope varieties of saddles and stirrups, though historians today would argue that neither existed in the period. 
“At that time, wheat was being harnessed and the region was becoming agricultural. The Madihee, however, remained nomads, and because the tribe was constantly on the move and had a far larger range than other nomads, the tribe’s horsemen were often paid to carry messages or small items between individuals and villages. The messages were, at first, only verbal and the items were often canisters of clay tokens and runes that had special significance to the recipients.  But this was cumbersome so-”
“No, wait…please don’t tell me the Madihee invented writing.”
Lilian nodded. “It was a necessity, don’t you see? Why tote a thousand runes or little clay spheres when their meaning can be impressed in a clay tablet that requires a fraction of the space? That allowed each Madihee courier to carry ten times as many messages, or more, than before. This greatly increased the tribe’s efficiency and profits. Of course, at that stage, the cuneiform did not denote sounds and no one thought to use papyrus. Those developments came much later.”
The researcher breathed out. “Right…this is a bit hard to swallow.”
“It was an economic necessity, Ben. Who would have more impetus to create a writing system than the people would profit by it? Necessity is the mother of invention. Can you offer an alternative?”
“Well, no. I mean, I can’t point a finger at a specific person or group as the creator of writing. It was an evolutionary process.”
“True. The Madihee constantly improved upon their rather crude initial product. Needless to say, they tried to keep it to themselves. It was a secret technology that was immensely profitable. But that was an impossible task. They inadvertently spread their insight to others like bees spread pollen amongst the flowers in the field.”
“Stimulus diffusion. I get that. But the Madihee? No historical record references them as the founders of cuneiform.”
“Who does the historical record say created it?”
“Well, it doesn’t.”
“Using your logic, then, writing was never invented.”
Ben rubbed his face and mumbled. “Fine. I won’t interrupt again – go ahead with your story.” 
The woman nodded. “Once messages could be written on tablets, those became our couriers’ primary cargo. Cities and kingdoms were founded and armies began to march between them. These entities became the primary customers for the Madihee’s services. Soon, not only messages but also contracts and maps required transport. Demand was so great that our nomadic ancestors began recruiting members from other tribes, which extended their reach. Eventually the network extended for a thousand miles in every direction from its epicenter. The Madihee diversified and began to travel by river, also. The tribe was, in a way, the postal service of its era. Not surprisingly, the Madihee had the best translators, who were especially useful to traders and monarchs.
“But, unbeknownst to their clients, the couriers were providing copies of many of the messages they were carrying to a group of Madihee intellectuals in the city of Ur called the Nisirtu. This internal organization was responsible for collecting, sorting, analyzing, and using the stolen information to the tribe’s advantage. In this way they knew who would war against whom, when taxes in various cities or kingdoms would be raised or lowered, who would be assassinated, what mines had been found or abandoned, what new technologies had been discovered, and so forth.”
“Quite a sophisticated operation,” Ben quipped.
“Yes, and successful. The Nisirtu worked day and night processing the information that was flowing in from every corner of the map. They were privy to newly discovered mathematical formulas, scientific principles, medicines, weapons - everything. They amassed huge libraries of maps and knew everything that could be known about the geography and cultures of the ancient world.
“In time,” she continued, “our ancestors used their insight to covertly obtain key positions within the various kingdoms in order to collect still more information. They became oracles, teachers, prophets, and advisors, yet they remained in communication with each other via an invisible internal network of messengers. That private network and the strategic placement of their spies made our ancestors virtually omniscient.”
“Wait,” interrupted Ben, holding up one hand. “You’re telling me that the Madihee had created a kind of ancient internet, right?”
Lilian was impressed. “That’s right, Ben. Oh, certainly, it was a very slow moving version of the internet. A ‘query’ might take months to answer instead of seconds. Yet the Nisirtu could obtain any type information it needed, from the movements of armies to the name of an obscure queen’s favorite uncle’s favorite food, simply by plugging the question into their ‘machine.’”
“Impressive,” said the researcher smiling, but not believing the fable. 
“It was,” agreed Lilian. “In time, the Madihee horsemen faded away, as did most nomadic groups. However, the Nisirtu lived on, as an independent institution.”
Ben shrugged. “Still, knowledge is not in itself power. It has to be utilized to one’s advantage.”
 “That’s right,” said the woman. “Which is why we learned to use our network to do far than just anticipate political and military events. We began to steer them.”
“How?”
“It was an evolutionary process,” the woman replied. “Let us say that a handmaiden to a king gave birth to his illegitimate son and that the Nisirtu became aware of this through one of their spies. In early days of the Nisirtu, the council would send agents to befriend the son and his mother and earn their trust so that if someday the son became king, or was given an honorary post, we would profit from our association with the young man. We would use the information available to them to our advantage, but in a fairly limited way.”
“Alright.”
“Fast forward a few centuries and you would find that the we would no longer wait for such an event to take advantage of. We would make it happen. We would make it a priority to learn about the king’s lusts as soon as he ascended to the throne and would ensure that a handmaiden of our choice found her way into the king’s bed. We would also ensure any legitimate children died during or soon after birth.
“Once a bastard son was realized we might have the king killed to move things along, but only after ensuring the bastard child would be accepted by the king’s court, typically through a combination of bribery, blackmail, and assassination.”
“I see,” Ben said, playing along. “The Nisirtu no longer waited for opportunities. They made opportunities.”
“Exactly, though never directly, Ben. We learned to control events from afar in order to limit our exposure. If we wanted a king dead we ensured that his adversaries stumbled upon documents that showed the weaknesses of his fortifications and how best to exploit them, or that a slighted Queen had available to her the poison necessary to end the life of her unfaithful husband. That kind of thing.”  
“You controlled events from the shadows, you’re saying.”
“Correct. We began to write what we call ‘scripts,’ manipulating people into doing what we require while convincing them that they are acting of their own free will. A script is like a play where none of the actors know they are actors. The writers of these scripts are called scribes and the Families dictate the objectives of the scripts. Scriptus Ridley is easily the most famous scribe in the Ten Kingdoms.”
Ben blinked. Script? Wasn’t that the term Fiela had used earlier to describe the quarantine? Had Ridley made that happen, then?
Lilian continued, “As millennia passed we grew our network of insiders and learned new ways to manipulate international events. We developed a variety of tools to predict outcomes given specific inputs. Mathematical and psychological models, among others. We learned to control entire populations. Our members became diplomats, advisors, holy men, courtesans, and the like.”
“World leaders?”
The beautiful woman shook her head. “Rarely. We do not seek any overt power because overtness is weakness. Better to be the puppeteer than the puppet, even if the puppet is a king or a senator or a president.”
The researcher said, “That’s not a history, Lilian. It’s a conspiracy theory.”
“That’s only partially true,” she responded. “Besides, you’re supposed to be humoring me.”

Ben said, “So how do most of you spend your days? I mean, when you’re not in secret lairs plotting the overthrow of governments. Lawn darts, maybe?”
Lilian grinned. “Oh, there are many other roles, Ben. The Nisirtu is a microcosm of what you’d expect in anywhere. We have spies, priests, poets, programmers, physicians, scientists, and philosophers, for example. Some work only within the Nisirtu but most work among the Ardoon.”
“And you? What do you do, when not recruiting roguishly good looking men into the Nisirtu?”
“Ah,” said Lilian, sitting down her glass. “I’m a ne’er-do-well. I am the last surviving member a family that was for hundreds of years quite powerful. Noble, actually. I am entitled to eighteen fetches.”
“You have no responsibilities?”
“Not to the Nisirtu. I have not been idle, though.  Growing up I attended the best schools, had the best mentors, and traveled extensively. I am an equestrian of some note and I became interested in music as a child. I play several instruments, though I prefer the violin, as you have seen. I also sing.”
“Really? I’d like to hear you sing.”
“Then you will,” she said with an expression that indicated she was pleased with his interest.
 Ben said, “I’m surprised you didn’t enter into…what, politics, I guess? Nisirtu politics. I mean, with your family’s background, you could have been some kind of diplomat or ambassador. I assume you guys have those types of things.”
“Yes,” she said, the joy suddenly gone, “but I am barred from serving in any such capacity as a result of some family indiscretions I’d rather not take up tonight. I hope you don’t mind, Mutu. The story is rather convoluted.”
Ben let it go. The phantom skeletons in her family’s mythical closet were no business of his. 
She said, “Are you interested in politics, Ben?”
“Not anymore. I’m jaded. It doesn’t seem to matter who’s in charge. Same words, same actions, different faces.”
Lilian watched him, saying, “The president is giving a speech tomorrow morning to an association of high school principals about the importance of education to the future of America.”
Shrugging, Ben said, “Doesn’t every president? It makes for good PR.”
Lilian said, “You don’t think education important?”
“Of course I do. But what is he going to say that hasn’t already been said a million times? He might propose some token initiative, come up with some new slogan and shake a few hands, but nothing of substance will be done.”
“What would you do if you were him?”
Ben said, “I haven’t really thought about it. Maybe invest in some kind of jamming device that prevents phones from working inside schools.”  He smiled crookedly, “Get rid of the instant messaging, texting, and emails, and you might even get the kids to look at the instructor on occasion.” Taking a sip of his water, he looked at Lilian and winked. “You know I’m joking, right?”
The woman rolled her eyes. “Please.”

Surveying the room, Ben said, “To be honest, Lilian. I am not overwhelmed by what I am seeing here. The holograms are awesome but otherwise the Ziggurat resembles a PBS-sponsored bingo tournament.”
Lilian laughed. “Well, keep in mind this is a small monthly congregation, and a regional one, at that. We’re only here because I need to be seen with you. It proves our association.”
“Our marriage, you mean.”
“Exactly.” 
Ben saw a shadow fall over Lilian’s face. She was looking toward the entrance. 
“What’s the matter?” he asked.
“An old family acquaintance has arrived.”
Ben peered at the entrance. “Were you expecting him?”
“No. He normally resides in North Africa. He is a member of the Tenth Kingdom and the senior Peth-Allati lord of all the kingdoms. He leads the Seven’s wars against the rebels. His name is Moros and he’s like a senior Gestapo. Charming but with a black heart.”
As she spoke Ben saw a tall, lean man approached their table. His hair was greased back like Casanova’s and he wore an immaculate silk suit, shimmering black, though the starched white shirt was open-collared.  His smile was radiant, his teeth perfect, and his eyes as silver as the moon.
“Lilian!” the arrival said. “What a pleasant surprise.”
“Good evening, Lord Moros. I’m as surprised as you, I’m sure.”
The man examined Ben before looking at Lilian inquiringly. “This is your new husband?”
“Ben,” the accused said, standing and holding out his hand. Moros shook it firmly. “Please have a seat. How did you know that Lilian and I were married?”  He almost used air quotes but stopped himself. 
The Nisirtu slid into the bench opposite them, saying, “Lilian, careful girl that she is, registered you as her fiancée a few hours after the incident at the motel to ensure you didn’t become collateral damage in a script. It was a natural deduction on my part.”
Lilian said, “What brings you to Denver, Lord Moros?”
“Business. These are, well, hectic times. The rebels are nearly defeated but they have made a mess of things, as you know. I am meeting with some other Peth commanders from around the globe to discuss our situation. Denver proved to be the most convenient location for us to meet.”  
He focused on the table and put out his lower lip as if pondering his next words. Then, looking at Ben, he said, “I was surprised to learn that Lilian had such an impulsive streak. Marrying an Ardoon she only just met? It’s not like her. I mean, you are, well, quite the dish, but…”  
He squinted at the signet ring on Ben’s finger. It seemed to bother him. “Still, it was a surprise, as I said. She is normally a very calculating woman.”
“She still is,” remarked Ben. “Trust me.”
“Yes, well, it seems rather unfair that dear Lilian knows so much about you - everything, I assume - yet you know so little about her. Almost nothing, is my guess.”
“We only met yesterday.”
“Yes, of course. Perhaps I might break the ice, then. That ring you are wearing - her father’s. Has she told you of her family?”  The Peth lord leaned forward and added in a grave tone, “Of the man who once wore it?”
Ben felt Lilian stiffen. 
“It is of no consequence,” the woman said, staring at Moros.
“Really?”  The Peth lord turned to Ben and raised his eyebrows. “Ben, do you think it is of no consequence that your new wife is the bastard daughter of a mad king?”

“It’s true,” Moros said, seeing the dumb expression on the other man’s face. “Lilian is the illegitimate daughter of King Sargon, former ruler of the Fifth Kingdom. Her mother is a woman whose name has been erased from history - and believe me, Ben, when the Nisirtu wipe a name from the history books, it is thoroughly and completely wiped.”
Before he could stop himself, Ben said, “What happened to King Sargon?”
“He was chained to a stake at the bottom of some dingy pit until he finally shriveled up and died. I don’t know where but one pit is pretty much like another when you’re wallowing around naked in your own feces with rats nipping at your genitals, eh?”
“Yes,” said Lilian coolly, her face a mask of placidity. “But by then he was quite insane.”
Ben’s expression darkened. He stared at Moros but said to Lilian, “Your friend is being an ass. Don’t encourage him.”
“No,” said Lilian, “Moros is right. You should know that my father was a king and my mother was not his wife, yet she was Nisirtu - my genetic profile confirms this. I was born a decade after his wife and legitimate mate, the queen, had died. When I was still a child, my father went insane and attempted to lay waste to the other Houses. He was captured and imprisoned and is said to have died blabbering about nonsensical things.”  
She stopped and said to Moros pointedly, “That is the abridged version.”
Moros snorted disapprovingly. “Your version lacks drama and you have omitted some tasty tidbits. You should have let me tell the tale.”
“Time is short,” retorted Lilian.
The eyes of the other man sparkled. “Touché. But Benzira-”
“Ben.”
“Sorry, Ben, do you understand what that means? That ring is not just the ring of Lilian’s father. It is a ring worn over thousands of years by hundreds of kings. Much of the world was shaped by the men who wore it.” Gazing at it lustily, he said, “I never thought to see it again, especially not on the hand of a…well, you’re not a slave anymore, are you?”
Ben leaned foreword and said, “You talk too much, Moros, and that thin veneer of civility does a poor job hiding the asshole beneath it.”
“Careful,” said the other man in a subdued but menacing tone. He met Ben’s angry gaze. “I can have you written out of the world this very night.”
“He is Seven,” interjected Lilian. “You cannot harm him.”
Moros shrugged, his face full of contempt. “Accidents happen. Not everything that happens is scripted, bastardess.”
Ben shot up from his seat, his hands clinched into fists.
“No!” pleaded Lilian, clutching his sleeve. “No, Ben. Please sit down.”
The other man said in a bored voice, “Calm yourself, Ben. I apologize, sincerely. I assure you, I do grow on people-”
The Peth froze. Something like fear flashed across his perfect face. 
“Yeah, like a fungus,” came a girl’s voice. 
“Bitch,” said Moros, his face reddening visibly even in the dim light of the room. 
“Hey, Moros,” said the girl. “Still angry about your broken toys?”
Pivoting, Ben saw the newcomer strut around the edge of the booth and walk past him to Moros. She was dressed in a girls’ prep-school outfit that consisted of a plaid skirt, blue knee socks, black pumps, a white silk blouse, and a black sweater with some kind of crest sewn onto the pocket. Her hair was red and her face was as pure as virgin snow. 
Still, Ben knew her. “Fiela?” he wondered aloud.
“Hi Ben,” she radiantly. “Fancy meeting you here!”

Chapter 12 - The Return of Fiela

“Bitch,” Moros repeated, spittle bubbling at one corner of his mouth.
Fiela reached out and playfully pinched his chin, making the man recoil. “Lord Moros, I hear that Mr. Fetch has been replaced,” she said sweetly. “It’s good to see you are moving on with your life.”  
She turned to Ben, adding, “The Nisirtu are old-fashioned. Very old fashioned. The Code says an eye shall be exchanged for an eye. Moros scripted the murder of my fetch, so I killed his.”
Ben did a double take. Killed? That didn’t sound metaphorical. Had what Lilian had told him the truth? Were these people actually killing each other over a policy dispute? He remembered the incident the previous night and thought, maybe…
“You have killed three of my fetches!” seethed Moros. “Three, for your one.”
“Mmmm,” the girl hummed guiltily. “Actually, four. I planned on stopping at three but then you sent the police after me. So now, four.”
“Miss Fetch…” the man whispered.
Fiela pulled a pair of spectacles with little orange lenses from a sweater pocket, put them on, and pulled the lenses to the tip of her nose. She went comically cross-eyed and stuck her tongue out to one side of her mouth, the living caricature of a corpse dangling from a noose. 
She recovered and threw the glasses to the table in front of him. “Yeah, Miss Fetch. But truly, I saved that woman a lifetime of hell, milord.”
“I just got her!” yelled Moros.
“You’ve got others. For now.”
Lilian, beaming, said, “Fiela, I’m so happy to see you.”  She rose and kissed the other woman on both cheeks. “Sit down.”
“Thanks!”  
Ben moved further into the booth and returned to his seat, his anger dissipated. Fiela plopped down unceremoniously at his side and the two stared at each other for several seconds. At last, nodding at the stitches on his cheek, she said, “I really am sorry about that.”
“Forget it.”
She said to Lilian. “I was listening - you’re wed at last?”
Lilian nodded toward the ring on Ben’s finger. “With my father’s permission.”
Fiela glowed. “Brilliant!  I thought Ben was the one when I met him last night. Eventually, anyway.”
Moros sniffled. “How did you get in here? I have banned you from all Ziggurats. The guard should have stopped you.”
“I disarmed him,” replied Fiela, still fixated on the ring. 
“How?” asked Ben, uncomfortable with the girl’s newfound reverence.
She whispered, “I reached into his skirt and took away his gun.”
Ben swallowed hard. “Ah…”
“But there are snipers,” protested Moros.
“Yep,” the girl said distractedly. “There were.”  She reached toward Ben’s hand, floated a finger above the signet ring. “So, you are a prince!”
Moros gasped. “A prince? A prince!  You cannot give a member of the underclass the ring of a disgraced madman and call him a prince!”
“He is no longer of the underclass. It is a king’s ring and the ring gives Ben the king’s authority and he is wed to a king’s daughter. How is he not a prince?”
“He is wed to a bastardess and the ring belongs to a corpse in a pit. It gives Ben no more authority than would a plastic ring from a box of cereal. It seals his marriage and that is all. The Fifth Kingdom has no prince, only a king, and even he…” 
Moros applied the brakes to his run-away tongue. 
“What of the king?” asked Lilian with obvious interest.
“Never mind,” replied Moros. Looking suddenly weary, he rose. “I have business to attend to.”
“But I just got here,” whined Fiela theatrically.
“Exactly.”  He straightened his coat. “Benzira - Ben - a pleasure meeting you.”  Moros executed a curt bow. “Lilian. My apologies if my words earlier this evening were indelicate. I’m sure we’ll meet again. Soon.”
He began to walk way. 
“Fetch you later,” said Fiela, waving lazily at her retreating enemy. 

Moros having departed, the remaining Peth slumped and cozied up to Ben, putting a hand on his chest. “Prince Charming,” she said. She slid two fingers between the buttons of the man’s shirt, stroked the flesh underneath and said in a low, husky voice, “I need to make amends for last night. Don’t I, Ben?”
Lilian sighed, “Fiela, you must be more diplomatic when dealing Lord Moros. He is your superior.”
“Ha!  Only on paper. Besides, if it wasn’t for me he’d never meet his quota of rebel kills. He needs me. In more ways than one, unfortunately.”  She sat back. “Is the contract completed?”
“Tomorrow.”
“And my name shall be included as protector?”
“Rest assured, Fiela. Ben has already agreed to that.”
Ben was confused. “Contract? I don’t remember agreeing to a contract. We discussed a sponsorship.” 
“The marriage contract accomplishes that, Ben. It documents that Fiela and I are, in a way, responsible for you, so long as you are part of our society. It also dictates the parameters of the marriage. It governs what is allowed during the marriage. Who has authority over what, who is in charge of what fetches, whether the marriage will be monogamous-”
“Monogamous?” interrupted Ben, baffled.
“No one does that anymore,” replied Fiela helpfully.
“Yes, and if it is not monogamous, who the other partners are.”
“Like me,” offered Fiela. “I will protect you, too, of course.”
“Thank you Fiela, but I can protect myself.”
Fiela shook her head. “Against the Ardoon, I’m sure. Not against the Maqtu, Ben, not yet. Right now, your enemies are invisible to you.”
Lilian nodded. “She’s right. You do find her attractive?”
Ben looked back and forth between the two women, waiting for one of them to burst out laughing. It didn’t happen. Both were perfectly, honestly, expectant.
“Well, yes, she’s - I mean, you are - very attractive. And I’m sure you would make a great sponsor.”
Fiela’s face went blank. “Sponsor? What’s-”
“Yes,” Lilian said hurriedly. “Your uncle has agreed to it, as has Ben.”
“No,” Ben said, “I said it was weird and I wanted Fiela to tell me that she was okay with her uncle’s decision.”
The girl looked at Ben and said, “Of course I’m okay with it!  We would be together all the time. Wouldn’t that be fun?”  
He gaped at her. “If by fun you mean extraordinarily dangerous, yes. Fiela, give us a moment,” he said. Turning his back to her, he whispered to Lilian, “This seems unnecessarily complicated. What does she mean when she says ‘live together?’”
“She means,” said Lilian, “that she would stay at Steepleguard until your studies are complete.”
“What are you guys talking about?” asked Fiela, peering around Ben. 
He held up a finger. “Give us a minute, Nancy Drew.”  
“Who’s that?” the girl asked, perplexed.
“Mutu,” said Lilian, “Fiela can be a little erratic, but-”
 “You guys know what you’re doing is rude, right?” came the girl’s voice. “Anyway, I can hear everything you’re saying. I’ve got really, really good hearing.” 
Ben let out a breath and sat back. Fiela nudged closer to him, ending up almost in his lap.
“Ben, please?” she pleaded, the killer turned maiden in distress. “Let me be your protector. I am offering myself to you. To refuse would be very rude. Surely you would not treat me that way.”  
The man barked a laugh. “Treat you that way? Fiela, we met twenty-four hours ago and our relationship so far consists of you maiming me with a mop handle. Now I’m supposed to…what? Live with you?”
“Did I not apologize and cook you breakfast? Besides, Lilian and I grew up together. We are like sisters. I think she would like for us to live together again.”  
“I would,” agreed Lilian. “We were inseparable after our parents died.”
Ben raised his eyes to the ceiling. “You’re going to use the orphan angle? Really?”
“But we are orphans,” said Fiela, exchanging a look with Lilian. Her face was abruptly filled with melancholy. “We had only each other for the longest time.”
“We cried a lot,” added Lilian in a suddenly somber voice.
“I don’t know what I should have done without Lilian,” added Fiela, looking down at her wringing hands before rolling her violet eyes up to meet the man’s. “It would be so very nice to have a bed again. And food. And-”
  “Okay!”  The man dropped his head and said, “Okay already.  This Nisirtu ‘contract’ is only a piece of paper anyway.”  He turned to Lilian. “I don’t care what you want to call Fiela, ‘sponsor,’ ‘protector,’ or ‘prime suspect.’  It won’t matter when I’m done with the tablets and make my exit from your little group here.”
Fiela said, “It’s settled, then?”
Lilian nodded. “Yes,” she said, pulling out her phone and beginning to punch buttons. “I will have Ridley issue the proclamation within the hour.”
Fiela hugged the man next to her. “Thank you, Ben.”
He sighed and said, “Sure,” though in truth he wasn’t sure exactly what he’d agreed to. He pinched his nose and tried fill his mind with dollar signs. 
From the back of the room Lord Moros glared at him, and at the beautiful girl who wrapped her arms around him, and at the signet ring that glowed brightly under the flickering luminescence of the Lamassu’s scowls.

Chapter 13 - The Terrors

As soon as Lilian received a texted confirmation from Ridley that Fiela was contracted to be Ben’s protector, she summoned the limousine and the three of them rode to the airport. 
During the ride, Fiela drank a fifth of a bottle of bourbon from the wet bar. The three of them talked about a variety of unimportant topics, to include where, exactly, the Peth had obtained the schoolgirl’s uniform. The increasingly slurred explanation, which was essentially that a certain prep school girl Fiela had encountered needed to be taught a lesson on good behavior, was as predictable as Fiela’s assurance that said girl wasn’t hurt, not really, or at least not permanently, or at least not in any significant way, of that even if she was, the girl had it coming.
When Fiela had completed her story, Lilian said, “You must behave now, Sister. There can be no such antics from this point forward.” 
“I know,” the Peth hiccupped. 
“That means you cannot enter Ben’s room tonight.”
“My room?” asked Ben, suddenly uneasy. “Why would she do that?”
The girl looked displeased. “But I am his guardian.”  
“I understand that, but there is no contract. Appearances are everything.”
“Who would know?” Fiela pressed. 
Lilian looked at Ben and said, “We must be careful. Should there be any slip-ups tonight you would be cast out of the Nisirtu and prevented from studying the tablets.”  Looking back at Fiela, she said, “No one may enter his room tonight for any reason. Besides, Ben has been through a lot these past twenty-four hours. He needs to rest.” 
“So? Can we not rest together?”  The girl suddenly grimaced. “I don’t feel so good…” she said, covering her mouth and burping. She fell over in her seat, her head landing in Ben’s lap. Her eyes shut, she mumbled, “Shall I not protect you tonight, Ben?”
In spite of his libido’s desperate assurances that all cylinders were firing properly for whatever Fiela might attempt, the man knew that Lilian was right. He was exhausted and there was a pretty good chance that he’d pass out as soon as he went horizontal, regardless of the stimuli. 
“I am tired,” he said, thinking of the tablets and his bank account.
“Fine,” the Peth whispered. A moment later, her head still in his lap, she began snoring.
Lilian pulled from her purse a manila envelope and handed it to Ben, “I’d like you to do a cursory review of these documents tonight, please.” 
Ben peered inside the envelope. It contained several documents of approximately a dozen pages stapled at the corners. He withdrew them. The top page of each document contained thousands of densely packed triangles, squares, lines, and symbols that resembled asterisks. 
He looked up at Lilian, one eyebrow arched. “These look like the characters on the signet ring. They look like Cuneiform, but not exactly.”
Lilian nodded. “They are Cuneiform-Nouveau. We refer to it as just Cuneiform or Noveau. 
“The language, then? Agati?”
“That’s right. Each of the documents has an English translation attached at the back.”
Ben flipped to the translation at the back of the first document. The paragraph at the top read:
[START BASTION SCENARIO, VARIANT QQ6] 5K WHPB. R.W.F./press/ to query about Chinese military advisors in West Africa. WHPS: U.S. views presence as destabilization of region. [RR894] PRC to respond 2330Z Advisors have decreased terrorism threat in region/are stabilizing influence [RR899] French P.M. to rebut Chinese claims 0830Z plans to send advisors to former colonies to counter Chinese influence. [RR914] U.S.S. CV GEORGE WASHINGTON - Start ENG RM FIRE, REDIRECT JAPAN. [RS442V2] PRC CV TO SPRAT ISLG…
The remaining pages, though distinct in content were identical in form. Alarmed, he said, “Lilian, these look intercepts of government or military transmissions.”
 She said, “I assure you they are not. The events described in those documents have not occurred yet. This is a script.”
Ben gave her a hard look. “You’re telling me that the events contained in these documents are planned?”
“Correct. I’m giving you this script tonight so that you may verify the required events have occurred tomorrow. I hope that will convince you that I am not lying about the Nisirtu and its capabilities. I have provided you with a good cross-section of scripted events. Military movements, assassinations, government proclamations, and so forth.”
The researcher wasn’t sure what to say. This was taking the Nisirtu fantasy to a different and disturbing realm. At any rate, he expected that most of what was contained in the documents was probably so vaguely written that it could be interpreted a million ways. Wasn’t that how the trick worked?
Still, there was that reference to a fire aboard the Washington…
…which Lilian will explain away when it doesn’t happen, Ben decided. Perhaps there will be a news story about a British cruiser with mechanical problems or a Russian freighter that sank and she will tell him that the ‘plan’ had changed, but didn’t the script predict that a large ship would have a problem that would be in the news?
Yes, that’s exactly what would happen. It was an age-old game which he had no intention of playing. 
He was, at any rate, too exhausted to read through all the documents. They appeared to be half-gibberish and he was having a hard time keeping his eyes open. When they arrived at Steepleguard, Ben, weary to the core, gave both women polite kisses, wandered up to his room and unceremoniously collapsed onto his bed.
Sleep came immediately, and much later, the terrors. 

Lilian held her violin.
“Ben, I’d like to introduce you to a few friends,” she said.
Ben stepped onto the creaky wooden floors of the room, which looked something like Lilian’s music room at her mansion, except that algae-coated obelisks had replaced the walls. Sitting upon a faded red settee were a man and woman of advanced years. The man wore black wool suit and a red-banded hat of a kind popular in the 1940’s. He was small and the skin above his starched collar was dry and peeling. The woman wore a black wool dress and around her neck several strings of the largest pearls Ben had ever seen. She was bald. Both had murky gray eyes. They were stone faced and nodded as a unit when he approached.
“A pleasure to meet you both,” said Ben, not extending his hand because he did not want to touch them. There was an unpleasant smell in the air. The room smelled like - what, dirt? 
A film of water covered the floor.
“Ben,” said the man in a raspy, pack-a-day voice. “Ridley has told me about you.”
“Yes,” said the ancient, bald woman, not looking at him.
“I am Douglas Carter. This is Eleanor Dembrowski.”
Putting his hands in his pockets, Ben looked at Lilian, expecting her to say something, but she was looking at the floor, her violin dangling at her side. She seemed oddly detached.
Ben said, “Have you come far?”
“Oh yes,” said the ancient woman. “Quite far.”
“Quite far,” agreed the man.
“Where are you from?”
The woman said, “An island. In the Pacific. You’ve never heard of it. It’s remote and practically a wilderness. We got it when the war ended.”
“You live there alone?”
“Oh, we don’t live there,” said the man. “It’s where we’re from.”
The woman said, “Lilian, you’ll play for us.” 
Lilian put the violin to her shoulder and wordlessly complied. As she played a gray tentacle curled up one of the obelisks and became taut, as if the thing it was attached to was preparing to pull itself up from the depths. 
“Well,” said Ben, noting that no one else in the room seemed bothered by the giant slimy appendage, “where do you live now?”
“We’re retired. We move around,” said the woman.
“We go where we’re needed,” said the man.
Ben said, “A working retirement? What did you do before?”
“We were astrologists,” the two said in unison.
Ben began to slowly retreat. Everything felt wrong. Very, very wrong. “Astrology…interesting.”
“Yes, it is the noblest of sciences,” the woman said.
“Do you want to know why we retired?” asked the old man with an evil grin. His teeth were brown and rotting.
“Um, sure,” replied Ben. 
The ancient woman rasped, “There was no future in it!”
She then burst into laughter. It was the laughter of the insane, a high-pitched cackle that went on and on. Lilian began to play her violin faster and louder, torturing the instrument. Her music, like the woman’s laugh, was nothing but screeching madness.
Ben turned to run and saw the eye of the thing from below in front of him, yellow and mindless and evil. 
“There’s no future in it, human!  No future!” screeched the couple.
Ben felt the tentacle around his legs as Lilian dropped her violin and jumped into the abyss. 
“Good to meet you, Ben!” yelled the man in the hat as blood poured from the orifices that had once been his eyes. “Don’t be a stranger!”

“Ben!”
Ben jerked awake just in time to hear his last pathetic, cowardly moan. He opened each eye one millimeter. It was still dark. A dream, he realized. Was the voice a dream, too?
“Ben!  It’s me!”  
Committing, he opened both eyes and propped himself up on one elbow. Though the room was unlit, the figure in the doorway was silhouetted by ambient light from the hallway.  Ben couldn’t see her face, but he knew the skirt and knee socks and, without a doubt, the voice.
“Fiela, what are you doing here?”
“I was walking by your room and I heard you screaming.”
Ben groaned, retrieved his phone from the nightstand and looked at the time. “You were walking by the door to my room at three thirty in the morning?”
She was slow to respond. “I wanted to make sure you were safe.”
“You haven’t been sitting in front of my door all evening, have you?”  
She didn’t answer. Ashamed and humiliated that she had witnessed his outburst, even indirectly, he said, “It was a nightmare. I’m fine. Go to bed.”
Fiela took a single tentative step into the room. “It wasn’t a nightmare. It was a night terror. I can tell.”  She paused and said, “I have them, too. Do you have medicine for them?”
He let out a loud breath. “I did, once. Not anymore.”  
“Oh,” she said meekly, sounding disappointed. “Anyway, I should stay with you.”
“Fiela, we can’t…I mean, Lilian was pretty clear about that.”
“I know. But can I just stay here with you?”
Ben sighed and wiped the sleep from the corners of his eyes. He suspected that if he didn’t allow her into the room she would spend the rest of the evening sitting in the hallway. “You’ll behave?”
“Will you?”
She’s got you there, Ben. “Yes,” he said, forcing the word from his mouth like a wad of cotton.
The girl closed the door behind her and moved briskly to the bed, a wraith in the darkness. He heard metallic clanks on the far nightstand. A gun, he imagined. Or a knife. Or both. The possibilities with this girl were endless, really.  
“Lilian will find out about this and she’s going to get the wrong idea,” he said.
“She probably already knows. Anyway, we’ll both be good, right?”
“Right.”
“I’ll just lie down next to you and watch the door.”
“Do as you like.”
He felt the mattress bouncy gently up and down and listened to a prolonged shuffling noise. 
“Fiela, are you taking off your clothes?”
“Of course.” 
“I don’t see why that’s necessary.”
“Yeah,” she agreed, and slipped nude beneath the sheets and wiggled backwards until she was against him. 
“You can put your arm around me,” she said as if she were grudgingly conceding to an unspoken demand. “On top of the sheet, though.”
“Probably better if I don’t,” he countered.
“It’s okay,” she said with less bravado. “I get them, too. The terrors. I don’t mind.”
“You have nightmares?”
“Terrors,” she corrected him. Then, she began to speak with urgency, the words spewing out of her. “Every night, truly!  Every night. You get sweaty, right? And it gets hard to breathe sometimes, and your friends from the war come back to visit you, but they’re dead and they’re not your friends anymore, and sometimes your family comes back, especially your mother…” 
She slowed and said quietly, “And they point their fingers at you and they’re mad at you but you don’t know what you did wrong. But it doesn’t matter because they’re not really your family. They don’t even have faces.” 
 Ben ruminated on her words. “Yeah,” he said, at last. “Yeah, something like that.”  It wasn’t exactly like that, at least not for him, but he did not doubt that Fiela was speaking truthfully of her own nocturnal experiences. She sounded very much like a person desperate for confirmation that she was not alone in her suffering.
Still, he hesitated. A hundred million dollars was on the line if he was lured into doing something he wasn’t supposed to do, assuming the Nisirtu learned of his indiscretion. There could be cameras in the room.
“Please?” she said.
Alright, Ben, time to man up. This girl rescued you from a giant squid monster and you’re going to make her beg you for a little reciprocal security? Pretty pathetic, buddy. 
He put his arm on top of the sheet and around her.  The sheet did little to conceal what lay beneath. She was soft - excruciatingly soft - in all the right places, but where her gender allowed some latitude, her body was like steel wrapped in layers of silk. He felt her reach down and clasp his hand and he held his breath, knowing his own weakness, but she simply pulled it upward and pinned it between her cheek and pillow. 
“Just this,” she said.
They lay together like that for several minutes before she whispered, “Did you ever get tired of your war, Ben?”
“Tired? Yeah, that’s one way of putting it. Very quickly, really.”
“Even though you were winning?”
“It didn’t matter. After awhile no one was sure what winning meant.”
“I get tired too,” she said. “I was so young when it started. Me and my friends were so sure we would win quickly. There were thousands of us and we were brave and strong and proud.  Now most of my friends are dead. None of us thought the rebels would fight for so long.”
Ben wasn’t sure what to say. Was the Nisirtu civil war really as physical as she made it out to be? Remembering the scars on her legs and how she had so easily dispatched the policemen allegedly sent to kill her, he conceded that maybe it was. The Nisirtu seemed powerful enough to keep the entire conflict under wraps.
He said, “I’m sure you and your friends put up a good fight.”
She nodded vigorously against his hand, which was suddenly wet. “We did. We really did. Three times I glimpsed the underworld.”  Her voice quivered. “Someday I will tell you of the battles. You will be proud of me.”
“Proud? Fiela, you don’t need to impress me.”
“But you are the only one who will understand,” Fiela objected. “Uncle and Lilian have never had to fight. You know what it is like. The chaos.”  
Ben grunted, not wanting to continue the discussion. Remembering the war meant remembering the car bomb and Eddie and the dog, and all were bait for the terrors. He could feel them sniffing around, even now
Fiela apparently sensed his tension. She kissed his hand and said, “Never mind. That was our past. You are tired and I shall let you sleep. Goodnight, Ben.”
“Goodnight,” he said, and slept, and dreamt no more.


Part 3 - September 23rd

Dicit ei Pilatus: ‘Quid est veritas?’

John 18:38

Chapter 14 - The Morning Pudding

Fiela was gone when Ben woke the next morning. Sunlight was streaming through the suite’s window and when he checked his phone he saw it was almost ten o’clock. 
There was a knock at the door. Ben rose, put on a robe he found in the wardrobe, and said, “Come in.”
Two servants appeared, an elderly man and a middle-aged woman, both in immaculate domestic uniforms. Each carried a tray.
“Breakfast, sir?” asked the man.
“Oh - yes, thank you,” Ben said. 
The man motioned the woman to follow him to a table positioned beneath the large window that framed the mountains outside. The servants placed on the table a pot of coffee, a pitcher of orange juice, and a plate fried eggs and toast. They also provided six morning newspapers, local, national, and international.
“Ah,” said Ben, trying to conceal his disappointment. “Eggs and toast.”  He’d imagined being treated to thick slabs of bacon, a hill of pancakes, and maybe the giant pastries of the wealthy. 
“Yes, sir,” said the servant. “Miss Fiela indicated you preferred eggs and toast for breakfast. She prepared this meal herself. She said it would be a surprise.”
“Definitely,” the other man mumbled, observing the leathery brown texture of the eggs. As the servants arranged the silverware, Ben ventured, “Mr. Fetch?”
“Yes sir?”  
Score. “Is Miss Stratton awake?”
“Yes, sir,” said Mr. Fetch. “She was downstairs with Miss Fiela earlier.”
“Any calls for me? Visits by people who wear uniforms and carry guns? Men with greased back hair wearing power ties and carrying briefcases?”
Chuckling, Mr. Fetch replied, “No, no one by that description, sir.”
“Well, when they get here, you know where to find me.”
“If you say so, sir. Do you require anything else?”
“That should be it - no, wait. The script,” said Ben. “Where is it?”
“Script, sir?”
“It’s an envelope with a red wax seal. I remember putting it on the nightstand last evening but I don’t see it now.”
“Oh, yes. Miss Fiela told me to tell you that it’s in the safe, there.”  Mr. Fetch nodded toward a black porcelain panel embedded at shoulder level in the wall adjacent to the bathroom door. It was the same kind of panel Ridley had used the day before to open the tablet vault.
“Thank you. That’s all.”
“Very good,” said Mr. Fetch, who, the woman in tow, left the room.

Ben sat down at the table and unfolded one of the newspapers. Taking a sip of coffee, he saw an article with the header, Explosion and Fire Aboard U.S. Carrier. It read:
 U.S. military officials have acknowledged an explosion and fire in an engine room aboard the American nuclear carrier, USS George Washington, during training maneuvers in the South China Sea. One serviceperson is confirmed dead and an unstated number are injured. There is concern that the damage may be significant enough to require the carrier to return to its homeport of Yokosuka, Japan, for repairs. The departure of the carrier would be a setback for the United States and its allies in the region, as its presence is considered necessary to check Chinese naval expansion toward the contested Spratly island group.
Ben felt as if he were having an out-of-body experience. A fire aboard the Washington?
Dropping the newspaper, he jumped up, cursed as the knee Fiela had struck almost failed him, and limped to the safe. Unsure what to do, he slapped it with the palm of his hand. There was a whir and the door opened. Nothing but the envelope was inside. He took it and went back to his seat, pulled out the envelope’s contents, and started comparing the translations to articles in the newspapers. 
The paragraph in the script beneath the one referring to a fire aboard the Washington read:
[FORGER FORGER FORGER T115] 3K PKK attack BTC pipeline @ VIC454n.9j51. +/- 13HR [CB44] AZ troops to POA [CB56] Georgia troops to POA +10Z [CB667] Turkish response +35Z. [REFERENCE QQ6/QQ7/QQ14 - SCENARIO RUNTIME 1,034 HRS] REGIONAL [QQ6].
While Ben didn’t understand the complete message, it did not take him long to find a match in one of the London-based newspapers:
 A strategic pipeline that transports oil from the Azerbaijan to the Mediterranean Sea has been severely damaged, according to Turkish officials. Authorities have acknowledged that the Baku-Tbilisi-Ceyhan pipeline appears to have been attacked by the PKK, or ‘the Kurdish Workers Party’ in retaliation for the purported abduction of a PKK leader near the Georgian border. A similar attack occurred in August 2008, but early indications are that the damage in the most recent attack is far more severe and could prevent the flow of oil for several months.
Next in the script was a paragraph that apparently alluded to articles he found regarding the disappearance of a BBC film crew in a tribal area of Southwest Asia, a labor strike turned violent in Hungary, and anti-globalization protests in Paris.
[REFERENCE QQ6/QQ7/QQ14 - SCENARIO RUNTIME 2,580 HRS] 3K RIP T.W.G.(BBC) v RSB @ PANTAKI SWASIA [2K DIRECTIVE,  REF PINHOLE SCENARIO w SOKUSCRIPT 988 - IN PRGS] 4K LABOR STRIKES BUDAPEST, UKRAINE, PARIS. ANTI-GLOB/ANARCH. 3 RIP MIN. 2K PINHOLE 1,044 HRS REMAINING. EXTERNAL COORDINATION 3K. [QQ7-8-9]
He wondered why these three events were contained in one paragraph. Did that indicate they were somehow related to each other? But what did a BBC film crew’s disappearance - and apparent murder (RIP?) - in Southwest Asia have to do with anti-globalization protests in France?
Over the next hour he found that approximately half of the scenarios called for in the script Lilian had given him the previous evening had become reality. Others had too, he assumed, but were not newsworthy, while others may have been reported in other news sources not available to him. 
At last, Ben put the papers aside and contemplated what to make of it all. It was essential that he come up with a reasonable explanation of how, exactly, the script he had had viewed last night predicted dozens of international events before they had even happened. 
Option one was that they were spectacularly lucky guesses. No good.
Option two was that the newspapers were forgeries. Better, but no, that would be a stupid ploy since he could easily verify all the news events elsewhere, later.
Option three was that Lilian was psychic. Wacky talk.
Option four was that Lilian was a member of a secret organization that controlled world events. New and improved wacky talk. But what were his other options?
He spent the next fifteen minutes looking at the sky outside the window until something deep inside him clicked and his mind slowly disassembled the fiction he had called reality - the fiction of a chaotic and uncontrolled world. In that void, his mind began laying the psychological foundation for his acceptance of an antithetical world. 
The world of the Nisirtu.

“I see you’ve finally done your research,”
Ben turned. Lilian was leaning against the doorframe of the room. She was wearing sleeveless black turtleneck and blue jeans. Large diamond studs on the lobes of her ears sparkled in the morning sun.
“I have.”
“Can you accept the reality of the Nisirtu, now?”
Ben fingered the newspapers and script. Weighing his words, he said, “Accept? No. But consider my disbelief suspended until I develop a workable alternative.”
“That’s progress.”
“Why newspapers, though? The same information is available on the internet.”
“Newspapers - the paper variety - can’t be hacked,” she said as she approached the table. She picked up a piece of toast from his plate and nibbled on it. “You should never trust the internet, Ben. It is there not to inform you but to control you.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”  Pointing her toward the chair opposite him, he said, “So, what’s on the agenda today? I’d like to start my inspection of the tablets.”
“The marriage contract.”
“The not-legally-binding marriage contract, you mean.”
She sat down. “I mean the marriage contract not legally binding in the Ardoon world.”
“Good enough,” said Ben, “since that’s where I happen to live in.”
“In an hour, if that’s okay?”
“The sooner the better.”
“After that, I thought you, Fiela and I could go to a small park a few miles up the road and have picnic lunch. Then I’ll bring you back and you can examine the tablets.”
At that moment Fiela walked into the room. She wore a pair of denim shorts, a tank top and no shoes. Her hair was red and tied into a ponytail. 
“Good morning, Mutu,” she said, striding over to Ben and hugging him. “Did you sleep well?”
“Fiela, you can drop the pretense,” said Lilian, “I know you were here last night.”
“Oh.”  
“Nothing happened,” Ben offered lamely. “I mean, we just slept together.”
“I’m sure.”
“It’s true,” said Fiela, grabbing the other piece of toast from his plate. Ben sighed and threw his napkin on the table. The girl continued, “But he did have a raging erection all night. It was like sleeping with a baseball bat taped to my ass.”
“Fiela!” said the other woman sternly, and Ben felt the girl recoil against his shoulder. “You forget yourself. You are my sister yet you have attempted to deceive me, you have belittled my husband, and you could have jeopardized the entire marriage. You are behaving like a child.”
The Peth moved behind the man. “I’m sorry,” she said. “I am just, you know, excited. Happy.”  
Lilian said, “Fiela, I do not wish you otherwise. But you must remember your station. Would you like to see my marriage dissolved because of your indiscretions?”
 “No,” said the girl with bowed head.
“I would think not.”  Lilian glanced at Ben’s expression, and then Fiela’s, and her demeanor softened. In a less formal tone, she said, “Now, go and tell the fetches to prepare a picnic lunch for us. We’re going to the park.”
“A picnic?” the Peth said, sounding a little less chastised. “I should like that.”
“Then get to it.”
“Yes, Sister.”  Fiela kissed Ben and moved hurriedly out of the room.
“A bit hard on her, weren’t you?” asked Ben. “She is an adult.”
“She must learn how to behave. She has been alone in the wild for many years, Mutu. She has never been to any court. I don’t want to be harsh but she is Peth and she responds best to a firm hand.”
Ben thought that rather draconian but was not interested in getting into family politics, so he shrugged and with some effort cut off a sliver of egg. When he lifted his fork he saw that Lilian had covered her mouth with one hand. Though she was trying to remain stoic, her eyes were dancing. 
“What?” he asked.
Unable to contain it, the woman burst out in laughter. When she finally caught her breath, she managed, “A baseball bat, Ben? Really? Do tell!”
He smiled bashfully. “If you think that’s belittling, you’re going to be sorely disappointed.”

Chapter 15 - The Contract

The room in which they met to review Ben’s membership contract was modest. There were no windows and every wall was concealed behind tall oak and mahogany bookshelves, the volumes on the shelves clad in leather bindings with spines bearing gold letters. Scattered about the room on various tables were maps, compasses, pens, and abstruse wooden platters that Ben thought resembled Chinese Checker boards. Papers cluttered the floor.
A desk with a black granite top was just inside the doorway. Ridley sat behind it in a chair the size and style of a small throne, while Ben, Lilian, and Fiela sat on the opposite side. There was a thick blue candle on the edge of the workspace, which Ridley lit with a disposable lighter. 
He said, “The contract is ready for your review.”  He handed a stack of papers to each of his guests, saying to Ben, “I’ve prepared an English version for you, Ben.”
“Thanks,” the researcher said, and began to read. It didn’t take him long to realize that, English or not, the document was practically indecipherable. 
The second paragraph on the fourth page, for example, read, “If the mutu knowingly permits the privations of the asatu’s offspring, and those offspring were permitted by decree (of the pertinent House’s committees) in time of war, but are disavowed by the asatu’s parents as products of illicit and unauthorized acts of procreation having occurred outside the parameters of the war, the eldest of the offspring, if adult, shall represent the asatu unless it is shown that the offspring has been unduly influenced by a serretu to misrepresent the state of privation.  Should misrepresentation of said nature be confirmed…”
He could feel his eyelids drooping by the start of the fifth page, at which point he realized he was reading without actually reading. It was like studying a European social charter upside down. It was just words and more words and really, what did any of it matter? He was entering into this faux-marriage-of-convenience with nothing to lose. He had no fetches or rights or authorities that could be taken from him and the Nisirtu did not use or want money. The only reason the contract existed was to facilitate his access to the tablets.
Right? 
“Looks good,” he said, having pretended to at least scan each page. He placed it on the desk.
Ridley nodded and Ben busied himself reading the titles on the spines of the book on the shelf behind the scribe. Jorge Borges, Albert Camus, John Calvin, Edward FitzGerald, and HP Lovecraft appeared to the man’s favorite authors, if the sampling was any indication. Rather an eclectic selection, the linguist thought.
A moment later Lilian furrowed her brow and said something in Agati to Ridley that made Fiela look up. Ridley answered at length, pointing to his niece and counting something off on his fingers. Lilian seemed surprised and began to object but the scribe cut her off by resuming his explanation, this time more slowly and with more emphasis. Fiela, looking very pleased, asked a question of her uncle. He nodded and looked back at Lilian.
“Would someone tell me what’s going on, please?” Ben asked.
Lilian took in a breath and said, “Ridley requires that Fiela be made serretu. My surrogate.”
“Surrogate? What does that mean?”
Ridley said, “It means that if Lilian is unavailable, Fiela will take her place as your primary sponsor. It simply provides for continuity.”
Ben shrugged. “That doesn’t sound like a big deal. Am I missing something?”
Lilian lowered her eyes and said, “I’m sure it is inconsequential. I do not plan on becoming unavailable.”  She defiantly placed her copy of the contract back on the scribe’s desk. “The contract is acceptable.”   
A minute later Fiela returned her copy, nodding.
“Excellent,” said the scribe. “Now, if you would each sign all three copies, we can move on to other things.”  He held out a fountain pen and each did as he requested. After the signatures were in place he said to Ben, “As proof of the dowry, I will drop some wax next to your name and you’ll need to press the signet of your ring into the wax to make an imprint.”  
“Okay,” said the other man, and watched as the scribe tilted the blue candle to drop a ball of wax next to each of his signatures. Before the wax could cool, Ben leaned over and pressed the signet into each. 
“Well done,” said Ridley, as if the other man were a kindergartner who had just written his name correctly for the first time. Putting the papers to one side the scribe leaned back and exhaled, rubbing his palms against the arms of his chair as if to dissipate built-up excitement. 
“It is official,” he announced. “I’ll have these distributed to the other Houses immediately. Now, with regards to the reception…” 

“Reception?” asked Ben.
“Yes. The people love a good show and I think you two,” he gazed at Fiela and Lilian, “merit more than a piece of paper, yes?”
“Thank you, uncle,” said Fiela.
“The people,” said Ben. “You mean other members of the Nisirtu, I assume.”
“A few friends, yes. It will be held the day after tomorrow, in the Great Hall. I took the liberty of sending out the invitations this morning. It will give you the opportunity, as a new member, to meet them, and vice versa. It will be to everyone’s benefit.”  Before Ben could object, the old man clasped his hands in front him and said, “You know, you are, in a sense, my nephew now.”
“How’s that?”
“Fiela, my niece, is your surrogate wife.”
It took a moment for the words to register. Ben replied carefully, “I didn’t realize that Fiela would assume Lilian’s title as well as her function. But…well, that is only in Lilian’s absence, right?”
“Yes, but a serretu is granted the same rights as any wife. She may now call you Mutu, for example. Husband.”
Seeing the girl peering at him, the researcher strained to lift the corners of his mouth. It was a Herculean effort.
“As serretu she has now also become Lilian’s handmaiden - which is to say, personal assistant. Still, Fiela’s primary function is unchanged. She is your protector, and Lilian’s.”
“I won’t hurt you again, I promise,” said the Peth earnestly, apparently eager to step off on the right foot.
Ben tilted his head back and said a quick prayer. 
The scribe cleared his throat. “Now, while the law does not require a dowry for a serretu, I stand in place of her father, and would like to ensure she is well cared for. I have therefore included in the contract a small gift for you.”
Ben looked up. “I don’t think that’s appropriate-” 
“What did you give him, uncle?” interrupted Fiela excitedly, as if she were a child on Christmas morning.
“Serretu!” warned Lilian.
“Oh, he’s my uncle!” moaned the Peth. 
“Just so,” said the old man. “Ben, I am granting you the right to occupy and use Steepleguard for as long as you wish, and the authority to bequeath those rights. In fact, all my authorities are yours.”
“What?” exclaimed Ben, dumbfounded.
Lilian was suddenly more upbeat. “When shall this be effective?”
“This very moment,” answered the scribe. “In fact, I included an addendum to your marriage contract that has made it official. The bioplates and other security measures have already been programmed to accept Ben’s signature DNA, fingerprints, and so forth. Yours too,” he said, looking at the women, “with the exception of the tablet repository in the cave and a few other rooms that will, for now, remain programmed for only Ben and me.”  
“You are giving me this hotel?” asked Ben.
“No, I am giving you authority over it. Nisirtu do not own property. But you need not worry about the Ardoon ‘owner’ showing up to claim it. That is quite impossible.”
At a loss, the other man said, “Why are you doing this? I mean, I don’t want to seem ungrateful. This is beyond generous. Way, way beyond. I really don’t think I can accept-”
“It is done and cannot be undone. Anyway, Steepleguard is too big for me. Always has been.  I am ancient and will soon pass to the underworld. I can feel Asag tugging at my ankles each morning. It is time for me to legally dispose of my rights. Unfortunately, until last night, neither Fiela nor Lilian could inherit. Lilian is the illegitimate daughter of a king who warred against the other Houses and Fiela’s parents supported him. Yet these two were the only people I would consider transferring my rights to. With you I can now provide for them both in one fell swoop.”
“We are, as always, in your debt,” Lilian said, her earlier consternation with the man utterly forgotten. She dabbed at her eyes with a cloth. “My father would be pleased to find me returned to my family home.”
The scribe nodded. “I know, Lilian. You see, making Fiela serretu was the only way I could justify granting this gift to Ben, and thus, indirectly, to you.”  
Sniffling, the woman said, “I am sorry for doubting you, Scriptus.”  She seemed on the verge of sobbing and acting on instinct Ben put his arm around her. Without hesitation she leaned into his shoulder.
The scribe said to Lilian, “I must request one thing of you and my niece. Your perfumes. Please bring them to me before nightfall.”
“Perfumes?” asked Ben.
“Yes, I don’t suppose you’d know about that. Nisirtu females can concoct a potent perfume that, when inhaled by Ardoon males, has the effect of making its subjects rather malleable, which is to say, stupid and passive. It’s intended for self-defense but has been used quite effectively in other ways.”
Ben chuckled, amused at the concept, but noticed that Lilian had gone oddly silent. “Wait. Has this been used on me?” 
“I doubt it,” Ridley lied. “The important thing is that you will become immune to its effects after prolonged exposure. Mind you, it is unique to each woman, so while you will grow immune to both Fiela’s and Lilian’s, you will be susceptible to that of other Nisirtu women.”
“What do you mean when you say unique?”
“I mean that if Lilian were to wear Fiela’s mix, there would be no effect, and vice versa. Apparently the woman’s chemistry interacts with the potion, or whatever you’d like to call it, and without that interaction, the perfume remains dormant.”
“What’s in it?” asked Ben.
Fiela said, “It’s a secret. Even uncle doesn’t know, do you?”
“No,” the old man admitted, “it is a recipe that has been passed down from woman to woman for thousands of years. There appears to be no male equivalent. I do know the name of a few of the herbal components but not in what quantities they are used. As to why the perfume is unique to each woman-”
“Use your imagination.” Fiela said suggestively.
“That is enough, Sister,” said Lilian, finally rousing herself from Ben’s shoulder. 
The scribe faced Ben. “You’ll want to take a whiff or two several times a day for the next week or so but never when driving or operating heavy machinery. That’s what the label would say, if there was one.”  
“I will collect Fiela’s perfume and bring both of ours to you, Scriptus,” said Lilian.
“Very good. Now,” rasped the scribe, “I understand you have a picnic to go to?”

Chapter 16 - The Picnic

Lilian employed Mr. Fetch to drive the three of them to the park for the picnic. Not surprisingly, Fiela insisted on sitting in the front seat, next to Mr. Fetch, in order to monitor the road for “suspicious activity.” Ben had watched as she slid a pistol of some kind of pistol - a Beretta 9mm, he thought - into a small handbag. The girl also put on a pair of designer sunglasses with black lenses, though the skies were overcast. Ben and Lilian sat in the backseat. 
It was not the short ride the newcomer had anticipated, taking nearly an hour, and there were few things that could be said in front of Mr. Fetch that Ben wanted to talk about. He and Lilian tried to busy themselves with small talk, but that went nowhere since their relationship was founded on secret things and they came from two disparate worlds. Filling the void, the Peth kept the driver occupied with incessant demands that he speed up, slow down, or watch the road.
“Fiela,” said Lilian finally, “I believe Mr. Fetch can drive without your mentoring.”
“But he drives like an old woman.”
Feeling bad for the driver, who’d kept his upper lip nicely starched despite the perpetual nagging, Ben said, “Fiela, that’s enough. I think you should apologize.”
The girl appeared stunned as she looked over her shoulder. “To an…to Mr. Fetch?”
“Yes, that would be the civil thing to do.”
The Peth flinched as if she had been slapped. She faced forward and said, the words like syrup, “I’m sorry I said you drive like an old woman, Mr. Fetch.” 
“Not at all, miss,” said the driver.
They continued along a twisting road and reached a heavily forested plateau that was surrounded by a brown mesh fence. A mile further down Mr. Fetch turned onto a gravel drive and the car passed between two thick, vertical wooden posts the size of telephone poles. Hanging between was a rustic sign that read, “Skyline Park Est. 1932.”
About fifty yards past the main entrance was a small parking lot adjacent to a bluff from which Ben could see for many miles. There was a hip-high concrete wall separating the parking lot from the edge, in front of which was a battery of shiny coin-operated telescopic viewers. Beyond the parking lot were trails that led to green areas with picnic tables and rusting grills shaded by interspersed cedars.
The driver brought the car to a halt in middle of the lot. 
“Here we are,” said Lilian.
“It appears we’re the only visitors today,” said Ben, stepping out of the car and offering her his hand.
“That’s because the park is closed.”
“Ah.” He understood her to mean, “The park is closed to everyone except us.”
Mr. Fetch popped the trunk and pulled out two baskets with plaid napkins peeking out from beneath their wicker lids. Holding them up for display, the servant said, “Champagne, chilled shrimp, crackers, caviar, sandwiches, and beer.”
“What kind of beer?” asked Ben, offering to take one of the baskets. Mr. Fetch politely shook his head, saying,  “The kind you like, sir.”
As the driver walked toward one of the picnic tables less favored by birds, Fiela opened her door and marched toward Ben and Lilian. 
“May I speak?” she asked, barely controlling her temper.
“Go ahead,” said Ben, taking a step toward her.
“I had to apologize to an Ardoon?” she seethed, keeping her voice low as she glanced angrily over her shoulder at Mr. Fetch.
“You were rude,” he said.
“He is Ardoon!”
“He is a human being, same as you. He is not your servant, he is Lilian’s, but Lilian treats him civilly, as an adult should. You should treat him at least as well as she does.”
The Peth crossed her arms and pushed her sunglasses up higher on her nose. “Fine. But when I get my fetches-”
“I don’t think you should have a fetch,” Ben said. “Servants are not pets, Fiela.”
“No fetch?” gasped Lilian, as shocked as the gaping Fiela. “Mutu, she must have at least one. She cannot be your serretu and be unattended.”
Fiela appeared on the verge of tears. She said in a subdued tone, “That is…unfair. Truly.”
Ben was confused by the women’s reaction. He had merely stated an opinion, but Lilian and Fiela behaved as if he had just issued an edit. Embarrassed, he said to the girl, “Well, prove me wrong. Go help Mr. Fetch unload the picnic baskets.” 
Fiela moved away dejectedly. When she was gone, Lilian said, “Now you are being too harsh. She must have a fetch.”
“I didn’t really mean…well, anyway, I don’t understand why she needs a personal attendant. There are a dozen or more servants at Steepleguard already.”
“Yet consider her new station as your serretu.”
“What does that matter?”
“Ben, you must understand that she is this day the wife of man whose authorities come from a king. She is just a degree removed from being a princess.”
“A princess?”  Ben laughed, amused at the ongoing charade. “Is that what you are?”
Lilian gave him a withering look. “I am a princess. I am the daughter of a king. That I am a bastard is inconsequential, despite what Moros told you.”
Her words were as unbending as steel. She meant what she said, the man realized. He sensed that he had come to a fork in the road of their relationship. At this moment he had the option of either dismissing her claim as ludicrous and going home or playing along. Recalling how the man named Moros had ridiculed Lilian’s father, and her, the night before, Ben was suddenly ashamed of himself. 
“Yes, you are a princess,” he said politically, “but it is unclear to me what Fiela is. Or what I am.”
This response seemed acceptable. Lilian’s expression softened and she put her arm beneath his, leading him toward the picnic table. 
“Fiela, as my adopted sister, is a duchess, though also a princess based on her marriage to you.”
“Then what am I?”
“Ah, a good question. You are not a king, yet you wear a king’s ring, and are married to a woman who merits the title of princess but is not allowed to claim that title in public. You, sir, are something of an oddity.”
“Not the first time I’ve heard that, actually.” 
Lilian smiled. “At this point your kingdom consists of Steepleguard and its grounds and your subjects are your hotel staff, Fiela, and me. It is a rather smallish kingdom but it is more than you had yesterday, is it not? Which brings me back to the topic of Fiela. Do not be too hard on her. She will take it very badly.”
“Why? We hardly know each other.”
“Yes, but be mindful of her status as serretu. Her primary function is to please you. The fact that she is Peth-Allati will magnify this desire because she will also want to protect you. You may find her behavior intrusive and unnecessary. But this is our world. If you send her away or refuse her help, she will blame herself. If you truly wish to make her happy, indulge her as best you can. And you must allow her a fetch to tend to her domestic needs. You don’t want her to grow a unibrow and moustache do you?”
 The researcher laughed. “I’d dare anyone to say anything to her about it.”
“Still...”  
“Okay, fine. But I’ve got a question for you. It’s trivial but it interests me, as a linguist. What do you and Fiela speak when I’m not around? English or Agati?”
“Why do you ask?”
“It’s subtle, but when Fiela speaks, and sometimes even you or Ridley, the English is…well, not wrong, but a little different than normal. I’m talking about how you structure your sentences and the words you use. Fiela uses words like ‘truly’ and ‘shall’ that are rarely used by anyone else. It’s as if she learned English from reading Jane Austen novels.”
Lilian nodded. “Most Nisirtu speak the lingua franca of their host region and passable but not expert Agati. Only scribes and their students default to Agati, which is to the Nisirtu what Latin was to an educated man in medieval Europe. Fiela and I, though, were raised by Ridley, a scribe, and so were compelled to speak in Agati during many of our formative years. That is the language of our thoughts. Perhaps when we speak English the words are unconventional. I hope it does not bother you, this variation.”
“I find it charming, really.”  Ben kicked a stone out of the path. “Don’t say anything to Fiela about that.”
“As you wish.”  Giving him a sideways glance, she said. “You know she has something of a crush on you.”
“Lilian, she is-”
“Twenty-two years old. Ten years younger than you. Is that so much?”
“That’s not my point. When I’m done studying the tablets and this façade is over, she’ll need to move on. I don’t want her to get too worked up by the whole ‘serretu’ thing, because I’ll ultimately need to rejoin my ‘Ardoon’ peers and it’s pretty clear to me that she wouldn’t care to live amongst us slaves.”
“Ah,” said Lilian, looking at the sky. It was clear she wanted to say more.
“What now?”
“Let’s walk to the overlook. There’s something we need to discuss away from Mr. Fetch.”
The two of them deviated from the trail and walked over tall, whispering grasses to the terrace with the concrete wall and chromed viewing machines. 
“This is a spectacular vista,” Ben said. 
Putting her arm around him, Lilian said, “It has been my favorite since I was child.”  A moment later: “Ben, you do believe, I hope that the Nisirtu are capable of doing things that are unimaginable to many. You’ve seen the scripts and the results.”
He nodded. “I can’t deny that you appear to be capable of amazing things. Things I can’t explain, yet.”
“Good. It is my hope that, in time, you will acknowledge the authority of the Nisirtu, and the power you have received through my father. When you do, you might rule all the lands you see below us, and beyond.”
Ben chuckled at the woman’s hubris. “I don’t think so.”
She let another moment pass. “Even if it meant protecting the survivors of your own kind? The Ardoon?”
That got his attention. “Survivors? I don’t understand.”
A cool, fragrant gust of wind made the two sway in rhythm. Nothing was said until the wind had subsided. Then, Lilian turned toward him and took his hands in hers. 
“Ben,” she said quietly. “It’s all going away.”
“What is?”
“All of it.”
Ben stared at her, uncomprehending. She ran her thumbs over his knuckles and said soothingly, “Mutu, I’m sorry, but soon, Denver will be in ruins. Every city of the world, great and small, will fall with it. This civilization is at an end. The apocalypse is here. It is scripted.”
She released his hands and wandered back to the picnic table alone.

Chapter 17 - The Apocalypse Script

Ben stood dumbly for several minutes trying to absorb what the Nisirtu woman had told him. His trance was broken by the sound of the Mercedes pulling out of the parking lot with Mr. Fetch at the wheel. Lilian and Fiela were sitting at the picnic table looking at him expectantly. 
He ambled down the path to them. “Too far, too fast,” he yelled as he approached. When he reached the table he said, “You should have stopped at, ‘We control the world.’  I can’t believe that the Nisirtu can, or would, destroy it.”
“You do not need to believe for it to happen,” responded Lilian.
“But it doesn’t pass the logic test. You’re telling me that the Nisirtu are trying to kill the very thing that makes them what they are. Your people need an oblivious, subservient underclass of Ardoon. If you annihilated the rest of humanity, there would be no more fetches, no more mansions and fast cars, no more power, no more anything. Why would the Nisirtu commit suicide? It would be like a parasite killing its host. Why would you do that?”
“I’m not,” said Lilian.
“Neither am I,” said Fiela.
Throwing up his hands, he sat down next to Fiela so that he could face Lilian. “You just told me the apocalypse was scripted by the Nisirtu. You’re both Nisirtu.”
Lilian said, “So are you, Mutu, but you’re not involved, right?”
Fiela offered him a beer. “Being sober isn’t going to make this any easier.”
Ben glowered at her but he took the beer. “Explain to me why the Nisirtu would kill the geese the lay the golden eggs?”
“Because we are losing control,” said Fiela, who had helped herself to a beer.
“What do you mean?”
Fiela looked at Lilian, who shrugged while placing some caviar on a cracker with a mother-of-pearl spoon. Studying it, the other woman said, “It’s the internet, instant communication, social networking – all of that. Technology in general. It’s become too dangerous.”
“What do you mean?”
The Nisirtu popped a cracker into her mouth and chewed, one jaw distended. “An interconnected Ardoon society seemed like a brilliant notion seven decades ago. That’s when we scripted the creation of a technology that would allow the Families to reach out and touch each of their slaves individually. At first it exceeded all expectations. We collected volumes of data on every slave and used the aggregated data to generate highly refined scripts that put to shame those of our ancestors. With our new goldmine of data the Families have been able to execute in months scenarios that once took decades.”
“I thought Al Gore created the internet,” huffed the man.
Lilian grinned. “Perhaps he’s one of us.”
That caught Ben off guard. “Really?”
The woman laughed. “Anyway, the internet also allowed us to feed massive quantities of misinformation to the Ardoon. We directed our lies and distortions at target audiences that would both believe and perpetuate them. That people believe what they want to believe was axiomatic, right? We exploited this weakness by turning the believers of one set of lies against the believers of another, again and again, until the world was populated by billions of self-absorbed zealots ready to fight for any cause we might require.”
Ben grudgingly nodded. “Don’t think that trend has gone unnoticed, Lilian. Objectivity and critical thought? Rest in peace, ye wicked and troublesome creatures.”
“Just so. However, as of late this most useful of all tools has begun to turn against us. The Ardoon elite - in particular, Ardoon governments and businesses - have started to use the internet for the same purposes as the Nisirtu, and to great effect. They have begun reaching out beyond their own borders and are developing new and creative ways of manipulating the masses.  They unknowingly seek to become like us, though they do not know we exist. They will succeed given sufficient opportunity. The clock is ticking. Thus, the Families have decided to crush humanity now, while they still have the power to do so.”
Lilian swished some wine in her mouth and swallowed. “Next time,” she said, “we shall be more selective in deciding what toys we give the children.”
Ben shook his head in disgust and said, “I can’t believe you’d be party to this kind of thing. Either of you. We’re talking genocide on an unprecedented level.”
Fiela said, “We’re not involved. The Families make the decisions, not the subjects. It’s not a democracy, Mutu.”
“That said,” interjected Lilian, “not all the Families are on board with the plan. Three of the kingdoms voted against it and have gone into rebellion in a vain attempt to stop the scripts.”
“The Maqtu,” said Ben, understanding.
“Yes. The rebels. The ones Fiela has been fighting all this time.”
Ben said, “I don’t’ understand. If you both agree this is a crime, why didn’t you join the rebels? Why do you remain members of the…what did you call it? The Seven?”
Lilian shook her head. “First of all, I never said it was a crime. I said I was against the idea. Knowing that the Maqtu would eventually be put down, I have opted to prepare for the inevitable instead of fighting it. Fiela, of course, is Peth. She is honor-bound to obey the commands of her House, and that includes the command to destroy the Maqtu.” 
She handed a bottle of champagne and a corkscrew to Ben. “A little help?” 
Taking the bottle, he said, “Doesn’t it bother you that, if you’re right, millions of innocent people will be killed?” 
“Billions,” Lilian corrected him, “though not all at once. It’s a very elaborate script. It did bother me, years ago, but not anymore. I have learned to accept the inevitability of it, as an adult child must learn to accept the inevitable passing of an aging relative in a hospice, or a bomber pilot must accept the death of the innocents who live next to a targeted weapons factory. I realize that you have not had the luxury of time to come to grips with this scenario, but you should not hate me for having done so.” 
Ben said bitterly, “It’s hard for me to imagine ever coming to grips with that kind of future.”  He handed her the uncorked bottle, bubbles pouring over the top, and glanced sideways at Fiela. “What do you think?”
Fiela said, “I obey my Family but I think the Seven have made the wrong decision.  Who will serve us if we decimate the ranks of the slaves? The golden geese, as you said. That was very wise of you, Mutu. It is a good analogy. We are slaughtering geese.”
“I’m not asking your opinion on the wisdom of the decision,” Ben said. “I want to know if the deaths of billions of people bother you.”
“Of course,” the girl said without hesitation, though the words sounded awkward and he sensed she only spoke them to please him. Lilian had called Fiela a “protector of the faith” and an article of that faith was that the Nisirtu were the rightful rulers of this world. If a few billion slaves died, what of it?
“Do not mistake my acquiescence to the script as surrender, Mutu,” said Lilian. “When the collapse comes, I do not plan to continue subjugating myself to the Seven. They are planning a perpetual Dark Age, a never-ending Feudal society. That is not a world I want to live in.”
“Nor I,” said Fiela.
Ben said, “What kind of world do you envision?”
“One much like today’s,” replied Lilian.
“Presumably one where the Nisirtu still rules, though.”
“Fairly,” she said, “and in mankind’s best interest.”
“It is the proper way,” agreed Fiela.
Ben looked at them both incredulously. “Did you ever consider a world in which mankind determines its own fate?”
Lilian snickered. “Ben, such was the world before the Nisirtu arrived. Your history books make it appear that civilization was inevitable. That is a lie. Humanity was a ship without a captain until we took the wheel. All was anarchy. Thousands of little villages and fiefdoms beating each other to death again and again. The Nisirtu introduced schools, agriculture, legal codes, libraries, physicians, writing, and much more. We were the sun at the dawn of civilization.”
The researcher fought the instinct to argue. It was true that civilization seemed to explode almost overnight in the ancient world and that the advancements Lilian had listed were first recorded in Mesopotamia.  Exactly why civilization sprung up there was not known. Most historians fell back on ‘necessity is the mother of invention.’  The wheat that grew in the region and the Euphrates and Tigris rivers inspired agriculture. Agriculture brought crop surpluses. The crop surpluses led to urbanization. The lack of any natural defenses against invaders and the unpredictability of floods in the plains compelled the Mesopotamians to build walled cities and canals. And so forth.
All of that was, of course, conjecture. Lilian had legend and he had conjecture. It was not an argument that could be won, so he let it go.
He said, “What did you mean when you said I might rule?”
“I meant you might be king. It depends on how things play out.”
“Why would I, of all people, be a king in your society? I’m pond scum to you people.”
 “First, you are not ‘pond scum.’  You were highly accomplished, even as Ardoon. But now you are Nisirtu. As to why you, I cannot say. Ridley is the one who arranged for you to be here, Mutu. Do not misunderstand me, I am very glad that he did, as you are incredibly smart-”
“And handsome, and understanding,” interjected Fiela, gazing up at him.
“And those things,” agreed Lilian. “But Ridley is the scribe, the man who plans my future based on the parameters I set forth. He writes my scripts. He has not disclosed to me why he chose you to be my husband and perhaps a king.”
The man cocked and eyebrow. “I thought I was here to decipher the tablets.”
“So you are, but you married me to achieve that purpose, and Ridley knew that I desired a husband before the inevitable cataclysm. Are you here primarily to be my husband, or were you brought here primarily to study the tablets? I presume the latter but only Ridley knows. Either way, you now wear my father’s ring.”
“But I am not really your husband,” Ben reminded her. “Our marriage isn’t legal.”
She looked at him knowingly. “Husband, when the Ardoon fall, the only law will be Nisirtu law. In that sense, it is perfectly legal.”

Ben pushed Lilian for additional information about Ridley’s plans during the outing but came up empty-handed. She steadfastly maintained that he would need to take up the matter with the scribe, and soon, and while they were at the park he should just enjoy the sandwiches and beer, which was, in fact, the kind he liked.
Fiela didn’t help the situation. Over the course of the meal she had inched ever closer to Ben until they were practically fused together, at which point she crossed her legs and, in an amazing demonstration of her flexibility, covertly placed a bare foot high between his thighs.
“Ben, are you okay?” Lilian asked. “Your face is flushed.”
“Too much alcohol,” he said, squirming. “Hearing that the world is coming to end hasn’t helped things.”
“I’ll call Mr. Fetch, then. I think we’re done here. Fiela, help me with the dishes so that we’ll be ready to go when the car arrives.”
“Yes, Sister,” the girl said innocently. Standing, she added, “May I ride in the backseat with our husband on the way back to Steepleguard? It is unfair that I should have to sit in the front seat on the way back also.”
“I thought you wanted to sit up front,” said Lilian.
“But I’ve verified the roads are safe already.”
The older woman made a show of considering her request. “I certainly do not think Mr. Fetch would miss you. What do you think, Mutu?”
Fiela looked up at Ben hopefully. He said, “I think there is room in the backseat for all three of us.”
The Peth’s face fell. “But-”
“That’s true,” said Lilian. “Fiela, you may sit next to the window and watch for your roadside bombs. I shall sit between you and our husband.”
Chapter 18 - The Scripts

Ridley met Ben at the door and read his expression. “Apparently Lilian has told you the dire truth.”
The other man said, “What she calls truth, yes. I’ve got some questions for you.”
“I’m sure you do. Lilian and Fiela have some other matters to attend to. Let’s talk.”  
He led Ben back to his study and gestured for the man to have a seat in front of his desk. Sitting behind it, Ridley put his fingertips together.
“What questions do you have, nephew?”
“First, why am I here? I was told that you wanted me here to inspect and possibly decipher the Tiwanaku tablets. Lilian, however, has just told me that she needed a husband and that you are, in some way, responsible for ensuring she gets what she wants. I’ve signed a marriage contract that has no legal merit but I’m beginning to think that is why I am really here.”
“Ah,” said Ridley, setting his sights on the ceiling as if he were a professor preparing himself for a class lecture. “Would it be trite to say I have brought you here for both reasons? The facts are that she needed a husband and I needed a researcher. There are many men who might qualify to be her husband who know nothing of ancient writing systems but there are precious few who know about such writing system who could pass the screening necessary to be her husband.”
Ben raised his voice a notch. “You tricked me, then. Into a Nisirtu marriage.”
“Two marriages actually, but I should point out that I have also saved your life.”
“Meaning you brought me here thinking the world will end.”
“Knowing it will.”
“What happens when it doesn’t?”
Ridley raised and dropped his shoulders. “If it doesn’t you can return to your old life.”
Ben studied the old man. “There would be no repercussions?”
“You mean, would you be hunted down and killed?”
“For example, yes.”
The elderly man responded cryptically. “Not by me.”
“That’s not the most comforting answer, Ridley.”
“It’s the best I can do.”
“What about Lilian’s ludicrous hopes that I might be a king in her world.”
“Well, she is your wife. Is not the wife of a king a queen? I think she would like that role very much.”
“But it’s all fantasy!”
Ridley shook his head slowly. “You were born and raised in the land of fantasy, Ben. Only today are you in the real world.”
The researcher groaned and pinched the bridge of his nose. “You, Lilian, and Fiela maintain that the Nisirtu control the world and I’ll admit up front that you’ve provided evidence that you can do incredible things. But I can’t accept that you have absolute control. Someone would have caught on by now.”
The old man replied, “No, at least not recently. We, the Nisirtu, conceal our actions with both time and complexity. We usually work dozens of degrees from our objectives and our scripts can take decades or even centuries to unfold.” 
“Centuries?” challenged the linguist.
“Yes.”
“Give me an example, then.”
Ridley thought for a moment. “Consider the beloved one-world currency conspiracy theory. If the Delphic Order of the Nisirtu wanted a single world currency – which we never did, by the way - we would initiate thousands of carefully prepared scripts, all with start points perhaps twenty degrees removed from the objective and a convergence point decades in the future.
“One of those scripts might ensure that some child went to the right kind of school and got the right kind of education, and that he obtained employment in a government trade or commerce department. There he would rise rapidly through the ranks, with our unseen assistance. When, as a result of other scripts, his nation’s economy suffered as a result of ‘unfair’ trade policies imposed by wealthier nations, or because the currencies of those nations are more easily manipulated than his own, he would, if we did our job right, be predisposed to favor a single world currency.
“At that point he could be nudged toward similar people created by similar scripts in other nations, all of whom would be guided to a position that would give them a say in the matter. These people would become secretaries of commerce and trade, influential academics, authors, actors, parliamentarians, senators, presidents and prime ministers. 
“Thousands of concurrent scripts would contribute to the objective by causing deflation, riots, war, famine, and so forth. Strictly speaking, a collection of scripts is called a scenario if they all lead to a single objective, but in practice the two terms are used interchangeably.
“Some of a scenario’s initial scripts are written to solicit a strong emotional response from the Ardoon populations. Outrage, preferably, or fear. We use those outlying scripts to create what we call a channel, which is an environment conducive to the desired outcome that increases the probability that subsequent scripts will be successful. A single script may support multiple scenarios, of course. Scripts and scenarios intersect within a web of possibilities.”
Ben said, “The computations necessary to do what you’re talking about would be extraordinary. I’d be surprised if even the most powerful computers could perform such calculations. How could they have been done in ancient times?”
The scribe said, “They were done by hand, at first, using various mathematical formulas. Some scribes developed tools to assist in them. I prefer the scripting boards developed in Egypt, but I am a stick in the mud. Two millennia ago a calculator of sorts was developed, one of which now rests in the hands of the Ardoon.”
That intrigued Ben. “Where?”
“I believe what is left of it is maintained in Athens. It’s called the Antikythera mechanism. I’m sure you’re familiar with.”
“You’re shitting me,” said Ben, unable to control the outburst.
“I’m not shitting you,” responded Ridley with a wry smile. “There were once hundreds of such instruments in the ancient world. The devices’ primary function was to calculate script start and completion dates based on the location of various celestial bodies. I have two such devices that I toy with from time to time. Mine are far more accurate than the ancient versions because they are machined to precision. In antiquity all the components were made by hand, so there was a built-in failure factor.”
Ben, speechless, simply stared at the other man.
Ridley cleared his throat and said, “Enough about scripts. I did not bring you here to write scripts. Would you not like to know about the Tiwanaku tablets?”
Chapter 19 - Empyrean Glossa

“Lilian told you how it was that the tablets ended up in my hands, correct? Of the Sillum, his enslavement of the local population, and his failed attempt to bring his god’s minions into this world?”
“Yes,” said Ben, “and she said that the Nisirtu who found the tablets shipped them to Argentina to a society building or something like that. A few centuries ago.”
“Actually, it wasn’t a few centuries ago. It was fifteen centuries ago,” said Ridley.
Ben laughed mirthlessly. “There was no contact between South America and Europe or Africa at that time.”
Ridley shrugged. “No Ardoon contact, but we, the Nisirtu, were present on every continent at that time. You say that is impossible, but is it not also impossible that we should be able to forecast all world events before they happen?”
He’s got you there, Ben. 
Ridley continued, “In fact, the Nisirtu who stumbled upon the ceremony was a scribe, like me. He shipped the tablets and his report back to Queen Sodietti, then the ruler of the Fifth Kingdom, who, being a skeptic, had the tablets thrown into a vault.  She wrote off the Tiwanaku episode as unscripted Ardoon civil unrest. That would have been the end of it had not King Sargon, Lilian’s father, stumbled upon the scribe’s account and the tablets during a restoration of one of his residences in Argentina some twenty-odd years ago.”
Ridley lowered his chin. “Packaged with the tablets was an unopened scroll that contained the scribe’s theories regarding how the Sillum gained control of the locals. The scribe believed, based on his interview with the Sillum’s followers and others, that the stranger had been gifted with what the scribe called the Empyrean Glossa.”
Ben helped himself to the bottle of whiskey Ridley kept on a nearby table. As he poured, he said, “Language of the Heavens?”
Ridley nodded. “Let us just refer to it as Empyrean. The scribe suggested that Empyrean was the primal language of all sentient beings - a language that is hardwired into our consciousness. It is our animal language.”
“I don’t understand what that means.”
“Animals are born with languages. They are not learned. A dog’s bark in one nation is understood by a dog raised in another. The mating call of a bird on one continent is understood by a bird of the same species born on another. The languages are inherent to the species.”
“I’d hardly call a dog’s bark a language, Ridley. A form of communication, yes, but not a language.”
“A form of communication then,” allowed the other man. “It is not a perfect analogy, I admit. In any event, the scribe suggested that the language spoken by the Sillum was the language that nature, or the gods, intended humans and other self-aware beings to use. It is thus the language not only of the angels, demons, and gods but also of the Adams and Eves.”
“A single language spoken by everyone?”  Ben swirled his drink. “I don’t like it. That would put me out of work.” 
Ridley chuckled. “Yes, and because the language is primal, it would be the language that all human communication descended from. It would be perfect, which means that extremely difficult concepts that would take thousands of words in a derivative or diluted language like Spanish or English could be expressed in Empyrean in far fewer. Perhaps as few as one or two.”
“One or two?”
“Yes, if they were the right words. Words that you and I cannot comprehend because they carry so much meaning. Words worth a thousand pictures. A speaker would not only express himself perfectly, he would be able to convince any listener who did not speak Empyrean to do or believe anything. The speaker could, in a few syllables, send a listener into panic, or the throngs of ecstasy, or into a rage.”
Ben shook his head. “Again, I don’t follow you.”
The sage explained. “All humans are persuadable. Politicians are experts at persuading people, as are dictators, propagandists, lawyers, writers, poets, salesmen, priests, advertisers, and marketers. They use words and images to convince listeners to believe what they want them to believe or to feel what they feel. People can even be convinced they saw something that never happened. Yet this takes time. Hours, week, months, or, in the case of advertisers, sometimes years. 
“In contrast, a speaker of Empyrean would need only seconds because his ideas would be perfectly expressed. They would therefore register as uncontestable truths to any who heard them.”
“Oh, I get it,” replied Ben. “You’re talking about the power of suggestion taken to the umpteenth degree. Essentially, a form of instant hypnosis. That’s how the legendary Sillum turned the king’s guards against him and enslaved his population. He spoke Empyrean.”
“Yes, and thus whatever he said was real became real in the minds of his listeners. Whatever he told them to do, they were compelled to do. The listeners were simply unequipped mentally to challenge the perfectly formed concepts he put into their minds.”
“But,” objected Ben, his glass in the air, “If all sentient beings are gifted with the Empyrean Glossa, why doesn’t everyone still speak it?”
The old man scratched the back of his neck and said, “It’s difficult to say. Presumably a perfect language would require a lot of brainpower. It could be that humans somehow evolved away from it - perhaps our brains were put to better use learning how to make fire or hunt wild boar. Perhaps, for some unknowable reason, the ability to tap the language has been denied us by some outside force.”
Ben said, “If the language contained within the inscriptions is Empyrean, what is the writing system? The etchings?”
Ridley shook his head. “No writing system for an imperfect language could possibly capture the fullness of Empyrean, and there would be no reason for such a writing system to exist prior to the Empyrean. In this instance, the language and the writing system are of the same essence. They were born together. Both are perfect.”

Chapter 20 - The King’s Madness

Ben said,  “I assume you told Lilian’s father about all this. What did he think?”
“King Sargon…” Ridley shook his head as if the name caused him grief. “He accepted Empyrean’s existence unconditionally, and he wanted it for himself. He charged me and my team of scribes to decipher the tablets. We didn’t get too far, however. Only weeks after he discovered the tablets our kingdom was thrown into chaos when the king began to have the dreams that would ultimately end his reign.”
“What kind of dreams?”
Ridley said with contempt, “Dreams in which the Sillum’s monstrous god offered Sargon the secret of the Empyrean and power over the whole of the world if only the king help the god accomplish what the Sillum had to do.”
“To open a portal and allow its monsters to invade this world.” 
“Yes. The king took his dreams seriously. Though he coveted the power of the Empyrean, he did not wish to rule a world populated only by the creatures of an alien god. He proclaimed at court that the Gate of the Sun was a danger to the Nisirtu, and ordered me to issue short-fused scripts, only one or two degrees out, to have the structure destroyed. He even required a script that would entail the use of nuclear weapons.”
Ben’s mouth fell open. “You’ve got to be kidding.”
“No, I’m serious. He wanted Bolivia nuked. Fortunately, the other Houses intervened, ordering King Sargon to abandon his delusions and return to proper governance of his kingdom. Seeing that the other Families did not believe him, King Sargon worried that one of the other monarchs might succumb to the foreign god’s temptations. He decided that he was the only monarch capable of resisting such temptations, which meant the other kings and queens had to be unseated. He alone would rule the Nisirtu. Toward that end, he waged a covert war against the other Houses by destroying the scenarios that kept them in power. 
“Many of my scribes and I fled into self-imposed exile. Other scribes remained and did as he directed. The king’s ploy was destined to fail but many lives were lost and many century-old scripts were hopelessly unraveled. It was a disaster. The other Houses tried to take him by force but he was too well protected. They located me, which was inevitable, really, and commanded me to use my knowledge of the Fifth Kingdom and the king’s routines to write a script for his capture.”     
“Which you did.”
“Yes,” Ridley said. He paused, as if meditating on his past actions. “It was not an easy decision, nephew,” he said at last, “We were as brothers, once. But he was out of control, quite insane, and a Nisirtu king minus his wits can do unimaginable harm. It took several months, but in the end he was captured.
“He and his entire court, including even me, were put on trial in front of the Council of the Ten.  That is a star-chamber in which the judges are the monarchs of the Ten Kingdoms. This was, of course, before the Maqtu rebellion. A puppet king was given control of the Fifth Kingdom and thus was, ironically, one of the judges deciding Sargon’s fate. Lilian’s father was found guilty and supposedly imprisoned at some secret location. Regicide is impermissible under Nisirtu law but I have it on good authority that the man was killed shortly after he was shipped away. 
“I fared better, obviously. As a reward for my cooperation, I was spared the wrath of the other Houses and managed to save both Lilian and Fiela. King Sargon was marked, you see.”
Ben shook his head. “What does that mean?”
“A person who is marked brings punishment not only upon himself but everyone around him. All family members and supporters of lesser rank are killed, regardless of age, until the third generation. In other words, the children of the guilty are killed, but the grandchildren are spared.”
“My God!” exclaimed Ben. “That’s barbaric!  Everyone?”
Ridley nodded. “Yes, and in King Sargon’s case, the mark was worse. All generations of his family were to be killed, legitimate or not, as well as all generations of his associates’ families. Lilian, being Sargon’s daughter, should have been executed when he was exiled, and Fiela should have been killed because my brother’s grandson, her father, and a Peth, had dared to assist King Sargon in his covert operations against the rest of the Nisirtu.
“It was no easy task, but I negotiated with the other Houses to preserve both the girls’ lives and to have them put under my care, though the conditions were strict. I could not, unfortunately, save the lives of my scribes. Even the ones who went into exile with me were executed. It was a bloodbath.”

The two men were quiet for a long time, both caught up in their own thoughts. 
Ben broke the silence. “Honestly, this is just crazy. Kingdoms, monsters, gods, magic, secret societies, and the apocalypse? It’s a hell of a lot more than I bargained for when I signed on. I mean, you pay well, and you’ve been exceptionally accommodating, but I think there’s a fair chance that everyone under this roof is insane. I’m increasingly suspicious of the man in the mirror. What happens next week if none of what you’re predicting comes to pass?”
The other man said good-naturedly, “If that happens you will be a rich man who spent a week at a luxury hotel with two gorgeous women. I, on the other hand, will have made a new friend who can visit me at the asylum I have so recently escaped from. There are worse fates for us both, yes?”

Chapter 21 - The Meeting of the Four

The four senior lords of the Peth-Allati met in a Nisirtu safe house in downtown Denver. The building was an abandoned church masquerading as a college textbook storehouse and was initially used by Peth-Allati from the Seven Houses when they needed refuge from the Maqtu. That had been years ago, however, and the Maqtu were now effectively crushed, so the building was rarely needed. Still, it was swept regularly by Peth security forces and kept ready for any contingency. 
Moros was the last to arrive. He walked alone into the basement and took a seat at collapsible table that was already occupied by three other men.
“Good evening, Lord Moros,” said the man to his right, a Peth-Allati Lord of the Second Kingdom named Belusmar. He was an elderly and dignified man with thinning white hair and a sharp chin and was the only man present wearing spectacles. He wore a dark red turtleneck and held an ivory pipe in one palm.
“Good evening, Lord Belusmar,” replied Moros. “Lords Nizrok, Disparthian,” he added, nodding at the other two men as he pulled his chair forward. 
Six of the remaining seven kingdoms had a Peth lord in charge of its military forces; the military leader of the Fifth Kingdom had been assassinated two-weeks prior and not yet replaced. Though the Nisirtu preferred to script Ardoon militaries to do their bidding, there were times when that was not possible. Also, the Families were prone to warring against one another every few centuries and the unwritten rule was that scripts could not be used to settle civil wars, since any slip-ups could expose the existence of the Nisirtu to their slaves. That endangered the whole of the Nisirtu. Instead, the wars were decided by the Peth-Allati of each house. Only the Maqtu had dared to violate this rule, knowing that ultimately it would not matter.
The Maqtu, and Moros. But Moros was the senior-most commander of the Seven’s Peth and was allowed certain latitude. The other commanders, in descending order of authority, were Nizrok, Disparthian, and Belusmar. The two Peth lords not present were junior to these four men and had not been required at the meeting because they played no active role in the events that were about to unfold, though they were well aware of them. 
Nizrok, Peth lord of the Fourth Kingdom, a middle-aged, balding man with eyebrows cut to resemble inverted V’s, said, “I heard that you swapped a few words with that devil Fiela at the Ziggurat.”  The man was born in Ukraine but spoke Agati, as did the other men at the table.
“Yes,” mumbled Moros in the same tongue. “I had gone there to meet with a local contact and found not only her but also Lilitu and her new slave husband. Imagine, in the Ziggurat, a whore and slave, sitting together!  It’s sickening.”
“I thought you had banned Fiela from the Ziggurat as a result of her…insubordination?”
Moros studied the table. “She figured out where the perimeter guards were. They were not expecting her and she was…creative. The ceremonial guard never stood a chance. This, and she had already killed my newest fetch while I was away.”
Disparthian, Peth lord of Sixth Kingdom said, “She’s quite determined, Lord Moros. You chose the wrong enemy.” Disparthian was French. He was the youngest and handsomest of the collected men, blond with brilliant blue eyes and perfectly formed lips that ensured that he rarely spent his evenings alone. “But anyway, you have many other fetches, yes?”
“Most are running errands for me abroad. I have none left in the United States.”
“It would take a week to get a new one assigned,” observed Nizrok.
Disparthian pulled a leather case from an inside pocket and flipped it open to reveal a row of black cigarettes. He placed one in his mouth and mumbled, “Moros, why not leave the girl alone? You have taken too personal an interest in her. It is unseemly for a man of your station to issue scripts against another member of the Seven, much less a girl who is so utterly inconsequential. Let the Maqtu kill her.”
“The Maqtu have been trying to kill her for years and all they have to show for it is a mound of bloodless corpses,” seethed Moros.
“Still, this girl is not your concern. Wait. Perhaps in the future you can make her your fetch.”
“A Peth?” asked Belusmar, affronted.
Disparthian shrugged. “The rules are changing soon, are they not? Give it a week, Lord Moros. Concentrate on the matter at hand.”
“The person who should concern you,” rasped Nizrok, “is Lilitu, that bastard daughter of the mad king. The whore was to die childless, the end of his wretched line. She had no family to provide her dowry yet today she is married and may produce prodigy.”
Belusmar added, “How incredibly clever that girl is. I’m sorry, Lord Moros, but it’s true. She has done the impossible - she has legally obtained a dowry and permission to marry from a deceased father, and,” he snapped his bony fingers, “just like that, can produce children capable of renewing her father’s royal bloodline.”
“What of her husband?” asked Disparthian.
“I cannot understand why she selected him, of all men,” admitted Moros. “He was born a poor Ardoon of better than average intelligence and spent a few years in the U.S. Marines in Afghanistan for various spy agencies, though he himself never really knew which ones. Afterwards he obtained some advanced degrees in ancient languages. He has become prominent researcher in that field.”
“That, then, was Ridley’s doing,” said Belusmar,  “and not Lilitu’s. Only the Great Sage would choose such a man.”
“Toward what end?” asked Disparthian.
“Isn’t it obvious? He seeks a replacement. Since he is no longer allowed scribes, he will use Lilian’s husband instead. The slave is a smart man with interests that parallel Ridley’s own. Whether Lilitu is impregnated is of no consequence to the scribe.” Belusmar relit his pipe. “However, the fact that he has wed his great niece, Fiela, to the Ardoon suggests he wants his own bloodline preserved.”
Disparthian blew smoke into the air. “Then he is a foolish old man. No one cares about the bloodline of a scribe and neither Fiela nor the Ardoon are fit to be nobility. Neither have royal blood. Lilitu is marked and her father’s throne occupied by a legitimate king. She has no army. It is a pointless arrangement in all ways.”
Moros shook his head. “Do not call Ridley foolish, Lord. When he was active his scenarios never failed, though many required thousands of concurrent scripts. Some of those scripts were fifty or even a hundred degrees removed from the desired outcome. Mind you, he wrote them without the use of computers.”
Nizrok gave a reluctant nod. “The scenarios were so complex that there were whispers the old man dabbled in magic. Surely, it was said, no man could do in his head or with his little pegboards what today’s most-advanced computers cannot do. Such projections are impossible. There are an almost infinite number of variables.”
“Why was his life spared if he is so brilliant an adversary? Did he not serve King Sargon? I was told that all the king’s allies were killed.”
Moros answered. “He assisted in Sargon’s capture and, at any rate, was too admired to kill. There was fear of a revolt among the other scribes if he was. That is why he was not only spared but afforded privileges. Lilitu and Fiela would be dead if not for the scribe’s intervention on their behalf. Allowing him custody was, in my opinion, a mistake.”

Disparthian sighed to express his boredom. “I fail to see how any of this matters, gentlemen. If Lilitu gives birth, we slay the child. If the Ardoon starts writing scripts, we slay the Ardoon. Neither can occur for months and by then it won’t matter. Surely, Lord Moros, you did not bring us together from the far corners of the earth to rant about Lilitu and her slave husband?”
“No,” the senior Peth said, annoyed at the younger man’s audacity. “I summoned you here to brief me. Do you have any issues I should be made aware of?”
The Frenchman sprayed blue smoke into the air. “Me? Absolutely not. The markets are near collapse. I can make it happen anytime. The viruses are active and the autobots ready to be triggered. Our market makers are blindly following the script devised for them, believing they will become rich if they execute their trades exactly as directed. I have a thousand fetches ready to buy or dump billions of shares of specially selected stock on my command. When the fall comes it will be swift and epic. It will make the 1929 crash look like a soft landing.”
“And the internet? The media?” asked Belusmar, for these were also within Disparthian’s domain.
“They are congested with contradictory ‘reliable source’ information. Social media addicts clamor endlessly about wars and rumors of wars. Cage’s disease,” he gave a respectful nod to Moros, “can now allegedly be contracted from municipal water supplies. Many physicians and websites are said to have confirmed this. There are also ‘leaked’ emails and texts from the Center of Disease Control that suggest Cage’s corpses have been reanimating.”
Nizrok cackled loudly. “Zombies? Ha! Ha! Diz, you have outdone yourself.”
The other Lord smiled. “No, no, I watch too many movies, if we are honest. But I thought why not add some flavor, yes? I am sure there will be a few thousand believers in the graveyards tonight digging up bodies to chop off heads.”
All the men laughed until at last Disparthian said, more seriously, “Our scripts are running on every newswire. The latest news releases include stories of a massive meteor headed toward earth, dangerously high solar flare activity, mysterious objects in the sky above major cities, construction of covert FEMA internment camps in the Midwestern states, possible coups in several nations, Chinese submarines off the west coast, the transfer of Russian troops and equipment to Eastern Europe…well, I could go on all evening. 
“Suffice to say, the internet has served its purpose well. There is much gnashing of the teeth. No two survivors of the days that follow will be able to agree on exactly what went wrong and no one will trust anyone, facilitating an enduring period of anarchy. Fertile grounds for the Nisirtu renaissance.”
“But there are some who are trying to counter your scripts, are there not?” asked Nizrok.
The Frenchmen nodded. “Unavoidably, there are a few sensible Ardoon who have pleaded for the public to remain calm, but we have cast them as ‘deniers’ or as participants of a conspiracy to keep the ‘sheeple’ in blinders. The more effective spokespersons for reason are scripted to suffer accidental deaths, which, merely fuels the conspiracy fires.” He waved his cigarette in the air, making circles of smoke. “And in a few days, the coup de grace. The blackness.”
“Are the Ardoon being herded as the Families require?” asked Moros.
“But of course,” said Disparthian. “Before the lights go out, all the major internet news sites and the larger social media sites will report nuclear detonations or biological attacks in the required locations. There will be no time for the Ardoon to verify anything before the collapse occurs. Word will spread by word of mouth afterwards. That will ensure that the correct regions are vacated while other regions are avoided. The Ardoon herds will go where we have scripted them to go. It is a simple matter.”
Belusmar said, “I envy you, Diz. Your assignment allows for creativity. Mine is too simple, too mundane.”
“I assume that means you have encountered no problems, then,” said Moros, looking at the man with the pipe.
“None,” confirmed the elderly man. “Limited nuclear strikes and EMP detonations will occur at the times specified by the scripts. The only challenge will be ensuring events happen in sequence. For that reason I may need to run some one-degree scripts on the final day. If events were to happen out of sequence, there would too many survivors, or worse, we could see a contamination issue.”
Moros said, “I trust you to do what is necessary. The Families will not be happy if we hit our target mortality rate but half the earth is uninhabitable.”
“Thank you, Lord. In any event, most of the nuclear forces will be disabled before they can launch missiles. We only need a few launches to achieve our purpose.”
“What of the conventional forces and the weapons stockpiles?”
“The stockpiles we will leave intact for our own use. The conventional forces are already decimated by Cage’s. The U.S., Chinese, European and Russian militaries are at around thirty percent strength and dropping. One of Diz’s computer viruses, or the EMP strikes, will put most of the ships and subs out of commission. 
“Any surviving vessels will be alone in the wild without the ability to contact their commands or other vessels and will be clueless as to what is happening, aside from the misinformation Diz has scripted. The crews will also be unable to replenish fuel, food, or water. At some point Cage’s will kill most of the survivors and the ships and subs will have to be abandoned.”
“The satellites?”
“They’ll be taken out by a combination of kinetic weapons, the EMP blasts, and viruses. The U.S. and Europeans are scripted to knock out the Chinese and Russian satellites and vice versa. Some will be left in orbit but the viruses at the ground stations are already in place and will make them unusable until the grid goes offline. At that point it won’t matter.”
“Well done,” said Moros, who turned to Nizrok. “And you?”
Nizrok toyed with an eyebrow and said, “The grain blight is causing some localized famine this year but the harvests next year will be the best measure of my success. The products my fetches have been developing for the larger agricultural conglomerates are designed to stunt crop growth at the most inopportune time for farmers, several months into the growing season. The wheat, corn, soybean, and rice harvests will be abysmal. The genetically modified crops they’ve been selling are tailored to cross-contaminate surrounding non-GMO crops.” 
He held his hands in front of him, palms up. “Not that it matter so much the first year, since the farmers will be without functional farm machinery or vehicles to deliver whatever they eek out of the ground. But in subsequent years even the use of oxen will be futile. The famine will be epic. As our ancestors once lamented, the canals are rich with salt.”
Looking at Moros, Nizrok said, “It is unnecessary for you to brief us, Lord. Your achievements are already well documented. But perhaps you would indulge us anyway?”
Moros nodded modestly. “It’s true. Cage’s disease has been a remarkable success. It is spreading at an exponential rate and no Ardoon scientists have been able to figure out what it is because of its stealth design and the decoy variants we’ve released.”
In fact, Cage’s disease, named after the first known victim, Sally Cage, was a Nisirtu modification of Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, a neurodegenerative disorder spread by pathogenic agents that caused abnormal folding of targeted cellular proteins found primarily in the brain. 
Horrifyingly sudden and rapidly progressing dementia was the first symptom, followed days later by memory loss and delusions. Mood swings kicked in as the victims became increasingly paranoid and depressed. Then the victims’ bodies began to fail. They lost control of their muscles, suffered loss of balance, myoclonus, and seizures. In short, the afflicted first lost their mind, then their bodies, and five to six weeks later, their lives.
The fact that it was an airborne pathogen that he and his sycophants had nursed to life in a hundred or so of the world’s most populous cities and busiest airports ensured a pandemic. The bug had been designed to bypass Nisirtu, who through thousands of years of managed breeding had acquired a sufficiently unique genetic identity to make that possible. Cage’s disease was designed to reduce the world’s population to under a billion people.
“So, two, maybe three days until it all comes together?” asked Belusmar.
“Until the start, anyway,” agreed Disparthian. “The embers will continue to glow after the fire has been extinguished. But inevitably, they will go dark.” 
“Exciting times,” beamed Nizrok.
Belusmar grunted unhappily.
“What is it old man?” asked Disparthian.
Belusmar put his hands together under his chin as if in prayer. “I would like to know whether any of you have been given any guidance as to your roles after the destruction of the Ardoon?”
The others exchanged uncomfortable glances.
Moros finally said, “Why do ask?”
“We - the court of the Second Kingdom - had received assurances that a roadmap would be in place by now. That is to say, our queen led the Second Peth to believe that there is a plan for what will happen after the cataclysm. Yet, with only days left, we have been told nothing of it.”
“That does not mean there is no plan,” challenged Disparthian.
 “True. The Queen has not stated that we are without a plan, yet each day she appears increasingly agitated, as if a suitor has failed to appear as promised. For that reason and others…we wonder.”
“Has she directed you to stop your operations?” Moros asked circumspectly, spinning a biology textbook on the table.
“No, never, and at this point, the scripts are practically writing themselves. The scenarios are almost a decade old and too many genies have escaped too many bottles. How, for example, could you undo Cage’s? How can you, in days, replant all the crops in the world? These things cannot be undone. No, we are committed.”
“Why not ask your scribes for information if you are so concerned?”
“The scribes have been restricted from talking to anyone but the Queen. Why, I do not know, but I see them too often in the corridors of the royal abode. Far too often. They seem confused and without purpose. Why are they not writing scripts? The world after the collapse will be a chaotic place, ripe for the rebirth of the Nisirtu, but they seem as lost as me. I haven’t a clue what the role of the Second Peth will be.”
“Why should you?” scowled Nizrok. “We are Peth-Allati! We are neither scribes nor royalty. The Families have no duty to share their plans with us and you should not be putting your nose into their affairs. If my king directs the Fourth Peth to march into the underworld, we will, and we will not ask why.”
Looking frustrated, Belusmar downed the glass of water in front of him and said, “The underworld is likely where we will end up without a map.”
Disparthian scratched his chin. “Perhaps you subscribe to the theories of the mad king? Do you think, Belusmar, that the Sillum is scheming to usurp the Nisirtu? Shall you rally the Houses and march on Bolivia?”
“I never said that,” the other man grumbled. “You’d be well-advised not to mock me.”
“Disparthian, you forget yourself,” said Moros. “Belusmar is concerned for the future of his House, as well he should be. We are each bound to protect our Families and our citizens.”  
Turning toward Belusmar, he said, “But Lord, you ask questions that should not be asked. Even if there were no plan, the Nisirtu will continue to rule the surviving Ardoon. We did in the day of the Madihee, when we had only horses and spears. Unlike the Ardoon, we have a network, and purpose, and understanding. We have stockpiles of equipment, food, materials, and weapons. While the Ardoon are groveling for scraps and killing one another in the ruins, we will be building empires.”
“Unless,” mused Disparthian, concealing a grin beneath one hand, “the Sillum beats us to it.”

Chapter 22 - Fiela’s Intercession

After dinner, Ben brought one of the tablets from the cave to a large room Ridley had provided for his studies. It resembled Ridley’s study except that it was larger and contained more books, many of which were published hundreds of years before. The linguist was sitting at his desk and studying one of the tablets beneath a magnifying glass when Fiela appeared at the door.
“Can I speak to you, Mutu?”
Lowering the glass, he said, “Sure, what’s up?”
The girl sauntered over to him, her arms behind her back. “It is our wedding night.”
“Oh,” said Ben, checking his watch. He thought this might be coming and he still hadn’t decided how to handle it. What did Lilian and Fiela expect of him, now that he was a Nisirtu husband? What should he expect of them? In his heart, he still didn’t believe in the world they had painted as real, and he wasn’t sure how deep into the rabbit hole he should go.
He said, “It’s just past eight, so I thought I’d spend a few minutes…I mean, I thought you and Lilian were occupied with something.”
“Mutu, I’m not here to collect you. I only wish to talk to you.”
Ben placed the glass and tablet on the table. He was relived, but said, “This better not be about fetches.”
“It is not.”
“Then let’s talk.”
As if invited, Fiela moved forward and sat down in his lap, putting one arm around his neck. “There are some things you need to know about your new wife, my sister,” she said matter-of-factly. “Things I would rather you hear from me than from other Nisirtu.”
“A lot of things, I’m sure,” replied Ben. “I only met her a few days ago.”
“What do you know of her past?”
“Well, I know she’s the daughter of a Nisirtu king, a great musician, articulate, good-looking and highly educated. In short, she’s a princess.”
The Peth nodded but leaned her head to one side as if mitigating her response. “Had you ever met a princess before, husband?”
“Not that I’m aware of.”
“You understand they are human. They aren’t issued from a doll factory.”
“Obviously.”
“Then you would not be surprised to learn that Lilian has done some things she regrets?”
“Drugs?” 
“Yes, definitely, lots of drugs, but not anymore. Except, you know, for some herbs. That’s not what I’m talking about.”
“Then what?” Ben asked.
Fiela’s expression was pained. “I speak honestly and without accusation or judgment because I love Lilian. Dearly. I cannot imagine my life without her, so do not think less of me for wishing to share with you what she will not, or cannot.”
“Disclaimer acknowledged. Go on.”
“She has had many lovers.”
“Okay.”
“Many.”
“You said that.”
“Hundreds.”
“Oh…”
“Most were Ardoon. Many were women. All of this is known, Mutu.”  
“Known to whom?” he asked, but then he understood. “Oh, you mean, known to the Nisirtu.”
“Yes. She is called by some…” Fiela stopped.
“Go on.”
The girl seemed to struggle with the words. “Some call her Kulmittu. Others call her Shamkhat.”
“Meaning?”
She put her mouth to his ear and whispered, “The whore.”
Ben froze. He hadn’t expected that. His countenance must have given him away, because Fiela’s expression suggested he was preparing to throw the girl off his lap, declare the marriage a fraud, and storm from Steepleguard. 
He tried to downplay his reaction. “Look, Fiela, I only met Lilian, and you, a few days ago. My so-called marriage to her is a ploy to achieve our ends and is fictional. I mean, the fact is that while I’m fond of both Lilian and you, I’m not to the point where I can be bothered by the fact that Lilian has a sordid sexual history, and her sexual preferences are none of my business. I’m no boy scout, myself. I really don’t care what others think of her. Is she…well, has she contracted any diseases?”
“Oh, no, Mutu,” responded the Peth. “She has no diseases. Nisirtu are immune to most.”
“Ah, good.” Trying to reroute the discussion, he said, “You said she has been with women. Are…well, are you two involved?”
 Fiela said, “We are not alike in that way. Lilian likes women, you know, physically, almost as much as men, but she doesn’t get emotionally attached to them. I don’t think she’s ever had a boyfriend or girlfriend. I know that she loves me, but as a sister, and so she rarely requests my affections.”
“Affections?”
“Sex.”
Ben shifted his eyes to one side and slowly shook his head.  “But you just said you weren’t interested in women, and that you and Lilian weren’t involved, and that she loved you like a sister.”
The girl seemed confused by his statement. “We are adopted sisters, and she does love me, and I am not interested in women, and we are not involved. But Lilian does like women and desires me more than any other.”  Seeing the man’s astonishment, the girl said, “She makes no secret of it, Mutu, but neither does she impose upon me. I love her, so why should I not grant her relief from her burden on occasion?”
“On occasion?”
Fiela shrugged. “Maybe once a year? Not often. I must be careful, because I can return her love for me in full measure, but not her lust, and so our relationship must be based on sisterly love, you see. She knows this.”
Ben was surprised at Fiela’s insight, and the complicated bond between the two women.  
“Anyway,” the girl continued, “when I attend to her needs, it is physical for her, but platonic for me. Do you understand, now?” 
Rubbing his face briskly, the linguist replied, “Fiela, I think you need to look up the word ‘platonic.’  But never mind, I take your meaning.” After taking a few moments to regain his wits, he said, “Okay. Thank you for being candid. Was there something else?”
Fiela, looking relieved, collected her thoughts and said, “Yes. It is something I thought I’d mention since this is the first official day of our marriage and everything.”
She is taking this ‘marriage’ act very seriously, thought Ben, feeling guilty that he did not and that he had just told her so. He was certain that Lilian viewed the marriage the same way he did. Only Fiela seemed to view it as legitimate and in a weird way that broke his heart a little. 
“Go on,” he said.
Fiela toyed with a button on his shirt. “Lilian can be demanding. With me, I mean. Sometimes. You must accept that it is my will to comply with her instructions, whatever they are. She is the daughter of a king. I am Peth-Allati. Lilian and I are bound by our histories but we are not equals and never will be. If you try to shift that balance, it will cause a lot of grief.”
“Why do you think I’ll do that?” asked Ben.
“Because you are a compassionate person - no, do not object - and I think you like me. Right?”
“Yeah,” admitted Ben. “You are growing on me. Despite your homicidal tendencies.”
She beamed. “I love you, I think. I mean, I love Lilian, and what I feel for you is much like what I feel for her.”
The researcher wasn’t sure how to respond to that. “Fiela, we met two days ago. You fall in love too quickly.” 
“Knowing I could die tomorrow, is it not best to love today?”
“I usually don’t bank on dying, honestly.”
“But I am a Peth. I do everything with the assumption I will die tomorrow, Mutu. Anyway, what I am telling you is that Lilian and I were born Nisirtu and our culture is different than yours. When you are with me, or Lilian, we will accept your ways. They are Ardoon ways and while you are no longer Ardoon we know that you will not change them.”
“Thanks, I guess.”
The girl shrugged. “It will not be hard for us, because we have been surrounded by your culture almost from birth. We mostly understand your belief system. But you do not understand ours and perhaps never will, completely, so you may find it difficult to accept our behavior.”
“Are you concerned about anything in particular?”
“No. I am speaking of a million little things. We are just - different. Can you accept that?”
“Of course.”
“Will you then allow us to be ourselves and not force Ardoon ways on us always?”
Ben grimaced. “It sounds terrible when you put it like that. I won’t force my ways on you or anyone else.”
She beamed. “Good!” and kissed him on the nose.
He squinted at her, wondering if he’d been manipulated into agreeing something he would regret. He was beginning to think the girl was wiser than he’d assumed. “That’s it?”
She thought a moment. “Do you read poetry?”
“No, not since I was forced to in school.”
“Oh,” the girl said, looking disappointed. 
At that moment Ben remembered the book he had found in her jeans back at his apartment. The girl’s trying to bond with you, moron, and you just shot her down.
He added quickly, “I mean, you know how much I love books, but my schedule doesn’t permit much leisure time.”
“Perhaps you will have more while you are here,” she suggested, keeping her chin down but raising her violet eyes to meet his.
“I’m sure I will. Is there anything else?”
Fiela nodded. “Lilian said you were interested in the American president’s position on education reform.”  The girl rolled now rolled her eyes as if that was the most ludicrous thing she had ever heard. “She said he gave a speech today somewhere to someone and that you should check it out on the internet.”
Ben made a face. “I don’t know why she said that. I really don’t have much interest in that subject. It just came up in conversation.”
“Good, because that subject kind of, you know, sucks. But she said to tell you that you should go to great lengths to find out what he said.”
With that, she hopped off his lap and darted out of the room. As he watched her go, Ben reviewed the conversation in his head several times looking for clues as to what it was really about. He came up empty and so pulled out his phone and surfed to his favorite news site. The story was buried deep – it was a story about education, after all - but in time, he found it.
President Gives Speech to Association of High School Principals was the title of the article. He read through it, seeing nothing of interest, until he reached the bottom of the print:
The president told the assembled principals,  “I am not here to say what has already been said a million times by past presidents. I do not believe problems with our education system can be resolved with token initiatives or catchy slogans.”  He then joked, “Of course, if it were in my power, I would have the FCC install jammers on every campus to stop smart phones from sending or receiving messages. Perhaps then our young people might look at their instructors on occasion instead of the phones concealed beneath their desks.”  
Ben let his own phone drop from his hand to the floor.
That was it, then. Lilian had made her point. She had put almost his exact words, the ones he had spoken at the Ziggurat just the night before, into the mouth of the president of the United States. 
The Nisirtu were not psychic. They didn’t need to be. What is the value in foretelling the future if you controlled it?
He’d confirm the quote in the newspapers tomorrow, of course, but he had no doubt that the print media would validate what the internet already showed him. He knew that he could find a video of the president speaking the exact words in the article.
But he didn’t need to. The final switch had been thrown in Ben’s mind. 
The Delphic Order of the Nisirtu was real.
It controlled the world.
The world was soon to be ash.

Chapter 23 - The Wedding Night

Ben was prepared for a long and detailed discussion about the Delphic Order of the Nisirtu and man’s destiny. There were many things to be said and many questions to be asked now that he accepted the reality that had been thrust upon him.  The researcher planned on spending the rest of the evening quizzing Lilian, Ridley, and even Fiela about not only the Nisirtu, but also his own role in the events to come.
Yet this plan evaporated the moment he opened the door to his bedroom. Inside, Lilian and Fiela stood beside one another at the foot of the bed, nude except for thin, foot-long silk cloths that dangled on gold chains beneath their navels, and shimmering broad collars that were as wide as their shoulders and extended from their necks to the swell of their breasts. 
Lilian’s collar consisted of brilliant, glowing gold rods that radiated from her neck like rays of the sun, with pearls, diamonds, and other precious stones dotting the bars like orbiting planets. The collar around Fiela’s neck was slightly smaller, and silver, but far more intricate, like a luminous spider web. Rubies flowed from her neck to her chest like streams of blood. 
Both women had applied thick black eyeliner and around that an additional layer some kind of black makeup. It was a look he’d seen many times before in movies set in ancient Egypt. Cleopatras, he thought, while doubting that the fabled beauty of the ancient Greek queen could match that of either of the two women in front of him.
The room was illuminated by dozens of candles and the women stood barefoot on a mat of woven palm leaves upon which glitter had been liberally sprinkled. No, not glitter. Gold dust. An odd but pleasant scent, earthy and sweet, permeated the air.
“Mutu,” said Lilian, lifting Fiela’s right breast with her nearest hand, “behold your wife and serretu, Fiela, Nocte Sicarius, Peth of the Fifth Kingdom, Protector of the Nisirtu, and Vanquisher of the Maqtu.”
Ben opened his mouth to say something super witty, but Fiela spoke first.
 “Mutu,” she said, smiling and reaching out to cup and lift Lilian’s left breast, “behold your asatu, Lilitu of Sargon, Regis Filia, Rightful Annasa of the Fifth Kingdom, Dominus of the Ardoon, Savior of the Nisirtu, and Vanquisher of the Maqtu.”  She was playfully flicking Lilian’s nipple with her thumb as she recited the titles, which was apparently unscripted given Lilian’s sideways glance at her. 
Ben saw the area below Lilian’s navel was decorated by series of tiny scarlet tattoos. Cuneiform-Nouveau, he thought, though he couldn’t be sure in the dim light.
He took a step forward. “Am I supposed to say or do something here?”
“Oh yes, Mutu, you’re supposed to do something,” replied Fiela. “A couple of things, actually.”
Lilian took a step forward so that Fiela could move behind her and unclasp the golden broad collar. “This was the collar of Queen Nebu,” the princess said, lifting her hair in the back. “It has not been worn for three thousand years. Fiela’s collar once belonged to Queen Veradil. The Ardoon experts claim other pedigrees for both collars, but they are wrong, as usual.”
Ben said, “They’re both impressive but nothing compared to either of you.”  
The women merely smiled, because, he knew, they were aware of their own beauty. In fact, they were both so perfect that he was unsure who to compare them to. Movie stars? Models? No, that would be like comparing the diamonds around Lilian’s neck to shards of glass. He’d never seen any woman in any medium as gorgeous as either Lilian or Fiela at that moment, though the two had distinctive body types. Lilian was perhaps two inches taller than Fiela, and curvier. Fiela sported a swimmer’s build, though her shoulders were not as broad or accentuated as an Olympian’s. The muscles in her arms, legs, and stomach were visible but only barely so. The dim light concealed the faded scars of battle he had once spied on her flesh. 
Fiela took Lilian’s collar to a wooden box that had been placed on a dresser. After carefully placing the artifact inside its case and closing the lid she moved to a giant four-poster bed and turned down the covers. Lilian walked toward it and Fiela returned with a golden cup in her hand, which she handed to Ben.
From the bed, Lilian said, “The cup is the cup of my father, King Sargon. It and the ring are all I have of his. It is tradition that we should share wine from the same cup when a union between Nisirtu is established.”
Ben studied the vessel in the candlelight. Unlike the ring, it seemed a fairly simple affair, with a few cuneiform markings around the rim but no other inscriptions. He shrugged, took a sip of the wine and handed it back to Fiela. The girl accepted it and drank deeply from it before taking the cup to Lilian, who swirled her finger in the wine before drinking it and setting the cup on a nightstand.
She looked at Ben lustily. “Done. Come here, Mutu.”

Later, Ben lay on his side and watched as Lilian, her eyes closed, mumbled something in Agati. A prayer? Was she religious, he wondered? Superstitious? He knew nothing of the religious practices of the Nisirtu, and in fact had assumed they had none, but at that moment he remembered Fiela telling him she had glimpsed ‘the underworld.’  
Fiela approached the bed, having somehow removed her own broad collar. The black makeup around her violet eyes gave her an otherworldly appearance, an effect magnified by the fact that her eyes literally seemed to glow in the dark, like a cat’s.
“Transaction complete?” she asked.
“Um, yeah,” said the man.
The Peth climbed onto the bed and laid one cheek against Lilian’s stomach so that her face was just inches from the odd, scarlet tattoos, and she caressed the flesh in front of her reverently. Only then did Ben see that in addition to the tattoos beneath Lilian’s navel there were tiny red cuneiform symbols inked in circles on each breast. He had not seen them before because of the room’s dim lighting and the urgency of his lust. The sleeping woman continued to utter words he did not understand.
“Lilian, you okay?” he asked. 
“She cannot answer,” said Fiela. “She is wandering the ether.”
“She’s what?”
The girl kissed the woman’s stomach. “She’s high, Mutu. It is her wedding night and she must visit the invisible planes of the gods. She placed the requisite herbs in her wine to achieve that purpose. Don’t worry. They are mild and will only last an hour or so.”  
She lifted her eyes to his. “How many gods do you have, Ben? Shall I make them mine?”
The man, surprised at this line of questioning, said, “I’ve only got the one, I guess. I’m what you might call a ‘bad Christian.’  You know, I go through the motions, but I’ve got more questions than answers and don’t believe half of what I say I believe.”
“That is the same for me,” said Fiela. “I think that is why my gods ignore me and the underworld rejects me. They’re really beginning to piss me off. I think I need a new god. Would you like me to be a bad Christian? It does not sound very difficult.”
Ben laughed. “Fiela, I want you to be whatever you want to be. I’m in no position to dictate your faith to you, having so little myself. I’m pretty sure what I’m doing tonight is verboten. Anyway,” he said, nodding at Lilian, “what is the point of this ritual?”
Fiela said, “To seek an unborn soul.”
Ben froze. “Wait,” he said, his heart skipping a beat, “she’s not on birth control?”  
“Of course not,” answered Fiela, as if the question surprised her. “You must trust your wife. She is wise and will find the strongest and bravest soul and will entice it to return with her. See the rewards she promises?” asked the Peth, running a finger along the scarlet tattoos. “A warm and loving womb and milk that is like honey. The milk of royal blood. The ether is extremely cold. Many souls will plead to return with her.”
Ben let out an anguished moan and watched Lilian’s lips move purposefully yet silently. Beneath their lids, her eyes darted rapidly back and forth. Searching, just as Fiela said.
What have you done this time, Ben?
Fiela rose to her knees. “You have met your obligation to my sister, husband. Now you must attend to me.”  
“Ah,” said Ben, “I’m sorry, Fiela, but under the circumstances…”
“The circumstance is that it is our wedding night, and I am your serretu, and our marriage is not yet consummated. Mutu, I will not get pregnant. I may not until Lilian conceives or a year has passed and she consents that I serve as surrogate. In truth, it is doubtful that Lilian can find the proper soul tonight. The timing is not good.”
“What do you mean?” he asked, spying a ray of hope in the girl’s words.
“Her cycle begins this week. Normally a marriage is scheduled to avoid such a conflict but circumstances did not allow it.”
Ben felt the weight of the ancient world lifted from his shoulders and fell back to the bed. Feeling grateful, humiliated, idiotic, and guilty, he mumbled, “Thank you, Fiela. I almost had a heart attack.”
“Is your mind at ease, then?”
The man nodded. “I mean it’s not that I don’t want children. I do. Someday. But, wow…” He looked at her, ashamed. “I’m ranting, huh?”
Fiela studied him with her glowing eyes for a long time before letting out a deep breath and rising from the bed. “Your enthusiasm has left you, husband. I shall wait until you are ready for me.”  
She pulled a blanket over Lilian’s body and kissed her gently on the shoulder before slipping beneath the sheets herself. Relieved but also feeling a little guilty, Ben lay down on the other side of the forbidden princess, who continued to mumble incoherently. 
He said, “Sorry, Fiela,” and reached over Lilian to stroke the Peth’s cheek. “And, thanks, really.”
The girl managed a brief smile. “You are welcome, Mutu. Truly.”
She shuffled forward and put an arm around Lilian before scooping Ben’s hand into her own. She kissed it softly, and they slept.

Ben dreamed. 
There was a castle. A glorious and horrible crystal cathedral that reached miles into the sky, its walls stained red by the black light of twin suns shining through a sinister sky of purple fractus clouds. A king sat inside the castle, a king that had once dreamt of another world, a world much like Ben’s. A king who thought himself a god. 
There was a man with Ben, pointing out the castle, as if it was great importance, but he only remembered the man’s outstretched arm and baritone voice. His words were lost, though Ben felt like they were words of warning. Something like, “Be careful, he has seen you now,” though not exactly that. The voice was not Ridley’s, yet he felt Ridley’s presence. 
There was something, too, about a war.
“Hurry,” said the man he could not see. “They are coming!” 
Then a toilet flushed, and Ben awoke to see Lilian stumbling through the blackness toward the bed.



Part 4 - September 24th

The only saving grace of the present is that it’s too damned stupid to question the past very closely.

 H.P. Lovecraft, Pickman’s Model 

Chapter 24 - Nocte Sicarius

Hours later, Fiela slid silently from the bed and retrieved a bag containing her running clothes and shoes. The culmination of five millennia of breeding notwithstanding, Fiela recognized that she could not remain in top form if her only activities at Steepleguard we eating, making love, and reading poetry. She did not intend to become a pudgy, indulged serretu, unable to protect Ben and Lilitu. Her uncle had been very clear that protecting them was her mission, which was why he had arranged for her to be a member of the marriage contract. 
Not that the girl was unhappy with her present situation - far from it. She had tired of the war, just as she had told her new husband. She had come to understand that surviving was not the same thing as living. The Peth often felt guilty about having made the distinction because it went against everything she had been taught by her superiors, which was that her life meant nothing if she was not offering it for the protection of the her kingdom. To live meant to do one’s duty. A member of the Peth-Allati should expect and desire nothing more.
She moved silent down the stairs.
Yet, she did. In her heart she desired much more. She desired to love, and be loved, and to read poetry, and maybe to write it, someday. This was plainly scandalous and she would have never dared to voice her dreams to anyone, at least not until she entered the life of the former Ardoon. She had told him because he did not know that such desires were wrong for a Peth and so would not judge her. 
She walked to the main entrance. To the right of the giant doors were four metallic knobs marked “EXT. LIGHTS” that would activate the two-dozen electric lampposts the circled Steepleguard’s giant courtyard. She ignored them and went outside. The darkness beyond was absolute. There was no moon and the clouds blocked the stars like a canopy over the earth. Steepleguard was so utterly remote that even the light pollution of Denver could not reach it. 
It was, to Fiela, magnificent.
The Peth-Allati, like any military organization, was divided into branches, and the Peth of those branches were specially bred and trained for specific functions. Typically, Peth begot Peth, so that the physical attributes and innate skills of one generation could be improved upon in the next through the Nisirtu’s selective breeding program. Fiela was a thirty-second generation Nocte Sicarius, a Night Assassin, bred and trained to fight in almost absolute darkness without reliance on the technological gadgets the Ardoon were forced to use, such as night vision equipment.
She closed the door behind her and commenced a slow trot toward the grass courtyard. The size of a polo field, with a large granite fountain and benches at its center, the courtyard was separated from the main building by the wide cobblestone drive that led to the hotel’s parking lot. Waist-high hedges surrounded it, with openings for pedestrians every ten feet or so. The lampposts were interspersed around the hedged perimeter at regular intervals, though they were invisible now. Surrounding the hedges was the dirt path she intended to use as a track. 
The Peth jogged toward it, or rather, to where she knew it was. One of the first things a Nocte Sicarius was taught was to always - always - count their paces and to mentally record all their turns and orientations. For the first few years of Fiela’s life she had found this terrifically difficult and the punishments for not doing so terrifically painful. But in time, her subconscious took over the task, efficiently compiling its record of distances and orientations as her conscious was freed to do other things. 
Consequently, the Peth was able to navigate areas she was passingly familiar with in complete darkness just as others could navigate from their kitchen to the bedroom in middle of the night based solely on their memory of their house’s layout. She had spent her childhood at Steepleguard and so had a solid mental map of the entire estate. That alone was sufficient to allow her to navigate the property without the benefit of vision, provided there were no unexpected obstacles. 
Had there been stars or a sliver of a moon, she would have used her eyes, which were so finely tuned that she could differentiate between a hundred shades of black. The girl’s ancestors had been paired by the Nisirtu in part due to the unusually low levels of melanin pigment in their choroids - the middle, vascular coatings of their eyes. This meant that instead of reflecting light, the eyes of a Nocte Sicarius, like those of nocturnal animals, absorbed and used it. 
This effect was only achieved by introducing albinism into the gene pool and, while most of the side effects had been mitigated, she was still highly sensitive to bright light and so wore sunglasses constantly when outdoors. Another side effect was that her hair, when not dyed, was as white as snow. White hair wasn’t exactly a perk for a night assassin, so she had colored it since she had hit the streets a decade prior. Someday soon she would have to tell Ben this, but for now she was hiding the dye, unsure what he would think of her in her natural state. Her irises, at least, were violet, so she did not have to wear the colored contacts that some of her white-eyed peers used when circulating amongst the Ardoon. 
Fiela made a turn and jogged faster, her conscious mind free to roam the events of the past few days as her subconscious busied itself with navigating her around the dirt path. 
She pondered Ben and her mission. She held most slaves in contempt for their ignorance and weakness yet had found her new husband to be the first man, Ardoon or Nisirtu, that she had ever truly desired.  He was handsome in that unique, random manner that only nature allowed, whereas the polished good looks of Nisirtu men, though irresistible to Ardoon women, were too boilerplate and predictable for her. 
Too, he knew the terrors, the shadows that haunted the dreams of warriors who had the audacity to survive battle as their comrades fell around them. Few things intimidated the Peth, but the terrors did more than that. They paralyzed her, stopped her from breathing, ripped apart the flesh of her friends, and chased her until she woke screaming covered in cold, humiliating sweats. 
The Ardoon fighting overseas were being treated for the same affliction she suffered from, and there was no way to breed away demons of the mind, at least not that she knew of. She had contemplated appropriating some Ardoon medication, having been told they could deter the terrors, but did not know what to take, or in what doses, and she was certainly not going to consult a physician about such a weakness. Fiela had hoped that Ben had some of the drugs, but he had already abandoned the treatment, to her disappointment. 
Still, she had known instinctively that the terrors would not attack if she and Ben united against them, and so had asked (certainly not pleaded, though her memory sometimes played tricks on her) for the man to hold her while she slept. He understood her demons, had fought in a far-off war, had seen terrible things, and had the same doubts as her about his role in a war that did not seem winnable. As they lay together that first evening, his arm around her, and the demons scuttled away, she knew she would love him.
True, he had been far easier on her than she would have liked, as a Peth, but he had also shown indications of a desirable assertiveness. She smiled remembering how he had chastised her for correcting Lilitu’s slave driver and how he had not backed down when she’d confronted him. He had even threatened not to allow her any fetches, which was absurd, but promising.
Fiela assured herself that once her husband better understood and grew more confident in his new role in life, he would truly take command of her, which she wanted very much because the one thing she knew how to do better than anyone, to include her sister, was obey. She was Peth - to obey and fight was her life. She would become his confidant, his lieutenant, and his protector. She might even become a Bad Christian, though she was unclear what that entailed. It sounded far easier than being a Good Christian, though that denomination was equally mysterious to her.
The young woman increased her speed and began racing through the void at a pace that made unknown obstacles, like fallen branches or cars or trashcans, a problem. Her mental map was based on an accurate record of her environment as it had been and could not account for changes that had occurred since. Her night vision would normally supplement her internal navigation system but the darkness was so absolute this morning that even hers was useless. 
She began to systematically pull air in through her teeth and over tongue to make almost imperceptible clicking sounds, her ears trained to detect the subsequent echo, however slight. The Ardoon were only now beginning to understand the benefits of human echolocation. The Peth-Allati had perfected it centuries ago.
Fiela wondered if Lilitu loved her selected husband. Probably not, she decided. Her sister had no time for emotional entanglements, spending almost every minute of her waking days plotting how she would gain the throne she so desperately sought. She knew that Lilitu would not be content merely waiting for the Seven to die off, as she proclaimed was her plan. Nisirtu were not the kind to go quietly into the night, so Fiela speculated that the princess’s true plan was to take the war to them once the Ardoon had been dealt with.
Fiela did not think Ben would have consented to bear Lilitu’s father’s ring if he knew of the woman’s cruelties. When she was slighted, or far worse, when her father was slighted, Lilitu would employ her secret henchmen to seek out and brutalize the offenders in ways that only Moros would deem justifiable. Worse, Lilitu was old school. She punished not only the offending parties but also the innocents around them merely for their association. 
The exiled princess had been trained well by her clandestine supporters and was a master of disassociation. No one had ever managed to connect her to any of the ghastly fates that befell her detractors. The woman’s ability to reach out from the shadows and her cruelty when she did so had served her well. She was loathed, yes, but she was also feared, so while many Nisirtu scorned Lilitu in private, none save the royal families or their Peth lords would ever dare speak against her in public. 
The Peth sprinted for another hour before finally going to the middle of the courtyard for calisthenics. By the time she was done, the sky over the eastern mountains was pink. She lay down on the ground and stared at the sky, the fresh morning air cooling her skin, and allowed herself to drift off into sleep. There she might have lain indefinitely if not for the sound of the approaching engines.

Chapter 25 - Daybreak

Ben awoke with a start and for a moment was unsure where he was. A pinkish light streamed through the room’s white curtains. Lilian lay next to him with an arm wrapped around his stomach but Fiela was gone. Carefully removing Lilian’s arm, he rose and put on his pants. He walked to the window, moved the curtain aside, and saw an approaching semitrailer straining to climb the steep incline that marked the final approach to the hotel. Behind it were four other trucks. 
The door to the bedroom flew open, startling Ben. Fiela rushed in wearing a sweaty black tee shirt and shorts. “Trucks!” she exclaimed excitedly, as if she’d never seen such vehicles before. 
“Yeah, I saw them. You’re up already?”
“Already?” asked the girl. “Husband, the sun is already rising.”
Only then did he see that she had towed her uncle to the room by the hand. The unkempt, disoriented man had clearly been dragged from his bed. 
Looking a little out of breath, he said, “My apologies for the interruption, nephew. Fiela insisted I come and explain. Some trucks are here carrying surprises for my two former charges. I thought it would be helpful if I brought some tailors, jewelers, and other vendors here so that they could prepare for the reception.”
“The trucks drove here from Denver?”  
“No, the trucks are from Los Angeles. Lilian has particular tastes.”
Los Angeles, Ben marveled. That must have been arranged days ago, or weeks. Yet again he felt like a cog in an invisible machine.  Checking the clock next to the bed, he said, “Maybe it’s time I got up, anyway.”  
“Do as you like,” said the scribe. “I’m returning to my room, if my niece will allow it. I will tell the fetches to prepare breakfast.”
At last Lilian stirred. She sat up, bleary eyed, and when she saw Ridley she pulled the sheets up to her neck. “What’s going on?” she asked in a throaty morning voice.
“Gifts, Sister!” Fiela exclaimed. “Thank you, uncle!”  She put her arms around the escaping man’s neck and kissed the back of his head. “You do not need to summon the fetches. I will prepare our breakfast. I know what Ben likes.” 
Ben couldn’t remember ever having been asked what he liked and knew that another plate of fried eggs and toast were in his future. He said, “Maybe you’d rather shower and let the cooks take care of that?”
“No, it’s okay,” she said, heading toward the hallway. “I’ll shower later.”
When she and Ridley were gone, Lilian looked at Ben and said, uncomprehendingly, “Trucks?”
Ben updated the woozy woman. She smiled weakly when she at last understood. “That was nice of him.”
“Are you okay?”
“Yes,” she said, running her fingers through her hair. “A little bit of a hangover.”
“From the drugs?”
“Herbs,” she said, holding up a finger to correct him. “But yes.”
Walking over to the bed he said, “How was your mystic voyage?”
The woman searched his expression. She hadn’t exactly deceived him but she hadn’t been forthcoming either, and both knew it. Not sensing a confrontation, she said, “I really don’t remember anything.”
He sat down on the bed. “Anything?”
“Oh,” she said, “I remember everything before, if that’s what you’re asking.”  She let the covers fall to her waist as she stretched. 
“Are those permanent?” Ben asked, nodding at the tattoos on her breasts.
The woman dropped her hands into her lap. “They might be. Or they might wash away with water. I can’t recall. Must be the herbs impeding my memory. But I do need a bath and have no fetches to bathe me.”
“You have others bathe you?”
“Only young, beautiful women.”
“Oh,” said Ben, his eyes wide. “Well, I guess that’s okay, then.”
“Yes, but since my fetches are not here, that duty falls to Fiela. So your options, Mutu, are to summon your serretu to join me in the tub or to perform the required duties yourself.”
“Huh,” Ben said, finding his voice and outlining one set of tattoos with a finger. After harsh deliberation he said, “Fiela is determined to make breakfast. I think I can handle you.”
“I’m glad to hear it.”
“Perhaps as you bathe we can discuss education reform?”
“It is a very important topic,” said the woman agreeably. “Or, it was.”
“I admit I’ve got no experience in bathing women. I’ll need to hit a few areas two or three times, being the novice that I am.” 
The woman jerked away the sheets. “Then I shall lead you by the hand.” 

Nizrok was aghast. “The whore has orchestrated a wedding reception to celebrate her marriage to an Ardoon?”
“It is true,” said Moros. “The marriage contract was distributed yesterday to all the Houses. She actually boasts of her pathetic marriage to a slave and formally invites others to witness her self-degradation at the keep of Scriptus Ridley.” 
The bald Peth with the evil eyebrows stared out the floor-to-ceiling windows of Moros’s top floor suite. Denver bustled below and the Rocky Mountains glimmered serenely in the distance. “I agree it is outrageous,” he said, “but as we discussed, the marriage is of no real consequence given our timeline. Why should the reception bother you so?”
Moros was tapping his fingers on the table that separated him from the other Peth. “It bothers me because I do not understand it.”
“She is the daughter of a madman and disenfranchised. Her behavior has always been scandalous and erratic.”
“No,” said the silver-eyed man, “it has always appeared erratic. Yet she managed to summon the ghost of her father to bless a marriage that should have never taken place. A womb that should be collecting dust is this morning sticky with the residue of Ardoon seed and someday that seed may become a child.”
“Again,” said Nizrok, “we have discussed this. The whore bears a slave child - what is that to us? The Seven Houses control the world. She has no power whatsoever.”
“She has Ridley.”
“Granted, but he may only write Infraviters, scripts internal to his own House, and only out to, what, four degrees? The Seven have kept a tight leash on him, cognizant of his past associations. There is nothing that can be accomplished with so little latitude.”
Lightly tapping the table with a fist, Moros grimaced. “Yes, but this reception smells too much like a coronation. Lilitu would not invite other Nisirtu if it did not serve her purposes. It is clear to me that she wants to show the Seven and any who would sympathize with her that she is now capable of legally renewing her father’s bloodline and has every intention of doing so. I would not be surprised if Ridley placed a crown on her head and asked the attendees bow down before her.”
Nizrok studied the lord before saying, “She is a member of the Seven. You must not harm her, Moros. Do not damage your standing with the Houses or the citizenry. This is a precarious time.”
“I know that,” the other man said dismissively.
“Everyone at Ridley’s abode is Seven, as are presumably those invited to the reception.”
“Yes, yes, I know that, also.”
“They do not war against us. An attack against any of them would be-”  
“Yes, Nizrok, I know!” exclaimed Moros. Regaining control, he said, “Still, I shall petition my king and request that something be done. I despise this feeling of impotence.”
“You, the destroyer of the Ardoon, impotent?”
“I am but a tool. We both know that.”
Nizrok opted not make the remark that first came to mind. “What shall you petition for?”
“Action. Of any kind. Soon.”

Chapter 26 - Trucks

They stood on a balcony overlooking Steepleguard’s courtyard and adjacent cobblestone parking area. Below them were five semi trucks in the former hotel’s parking lot, the trailers painted a glossy black. The trailers were being set up by men and women who were dressed, ridiculously in Ben’s opinion, in evening formal wear. 
Ridley moved close to Ben and said in a hushed voice, “Nephew, I know you think this is too lavish, but in days anything not taken from these trucks by your family will be worthless. Silk dresses and rubies will be far less valuable than a loaf of bread or a glass of clean water. There is no harm in a little indulgence.”
The doors to the trailers were open and mobile, carpeted stairs were put in place. A pickup truck had towed a generator to the top of the mountain and five men were connecting power cables to the trailers while another fired up the engine. Lights within the trailers flickered to life. 
“Sister,” said Fiela, tugging at Lilian’s elbow, “they are ready. Shall you require I go alone?”
“Coming,” said Lilian pulling Ben gently forward, her arm still interlocked with his.
As they walked, Ben pulled out his phone and checked the latest headlines. The headline story was Flash Crashes Worsen - No Culprit Identified. 
It read:
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday reported little progress in its investigation of a series of so-called ‘flash crashes’ that have spooked investors in the United States and abroad. In the past two months there have been five such crashes, the last and most severe resulting in a 19% plummet in the Dow Jones Industrial Average in the course of just two minutes. 
Since the crashes first began in March, the Wilshire 5000, which represents the broadest index of U.S. equities, has dropped a precipitous 63% as rattled investors reallocate money to lower-yielding but less volatile investments. The SEC has refused to comment on whether high-speed traders, software glitches, or computer viruses may be responsible for the crashes, but has suggested trading at U.S. exchanges may be ‘indefinitely halted’ if the crashes cannot be stopped. 
The Chairman of the SEC is under pressure by an increasingly frustrated Congress to resolve the issue quickly. Experts warn that a continuance of such crashes will further destabilize international markets and could ultimately result in a second global economic Depression.
He clicked off the phone. Why did he start his days like this?
“Everything okay?” asked Lilian, looking at him.
“What do you think?”
“I think not. But never mind, here we are.”

The first two trailers were, to Ben at least, disappointments. In the first were nothing but a half dozen smiling men and women standing next to sewing machines and cutting tables, a hundred or more spools of fabric on racks behind them. The second was obviously a mobile beauty parlor, replete with sinks, tubs, reclining chairs, mirrors, and a bewildering array of bottles, tubes, and canisters. Five women stood at the ready, all smiles and deference.
The third trailer was closer to what he had expected. It was lined with oak panels and carpeted, and mini-chandeliers dangled from the arched, foam ceiling. On one side was row after row of women’s shoes in one of two sizes – Lilian’s or Fiela’s. On the other side was a counter with three catalogues of clothing designs, a display case of fabric samples, and a collection of buttons, zippers, bows, and hats. Four women were in this trailer, one of whom Ben was certain was a professional model he had seen on television.
The fourth trailer was finished the same as the first three and contained a large collection of purses, wallets, scarves, and, at the back, women’s underwear and lingerie compartment, which no amount of cajoling by Lilian could induce Ben to enter.
The fifth trailer was the most mesmerizing. Two armed security guards stood on either side of the entrance. The trailer’s walls were lined with red and white silk tapestries, and on both sides were glass cabinets whose contents gleamed like a thousand brilliant, multicolored stars against a purple velvet sky. 
The interior of the trailer glowed. Stones of every color and cut in almost every conceivable configuration littered the displays like gold doubloons spilling out from an overturned pirate’s chest. Diamonds, rubies, sapphires, pearls, emeralds, and stones Ben didn’t recognize, far larger than any he had seen in his lifetime. Most were fashioned into rings, bracelets, necklaces, and earrings, but some stones were loose and he thought the little man at the table in the far corner was there to set them, if needed. 
“This may take awhile,” said Lilian, not unhappily. Ben checked his watch. It was almost noon. 
“Do not hurry,” said Ridley. “Whatever you do not need tonight can be provided to you tomorrow. If you and Fiela can amuse yourselves here, I’d like to steal my new nephew.”
“Most assuredly,” Lilian said with gravity. She kissed and released Ben and walked toward Fiela, who was thumbing through a catalogue as an attendant doted over her. 
At the same moment a rotund man in a three-piece suit with a well-oiled goatee and thinning hair appeared, a clipboard in one hand. “Mr. Benzira?” he inquired.
Ridley said, “This is your man,” patting Ben on the back.
“Very good. Sir, can you please sign this form, stating that we have provided the services agreed to?”
“I’m sorry,” said Ben, taking the clipboard, “but I didn’t catch your name.”
Looking anxious, the other man replied, “Mr. Fetch, sir.”
“Ah, of course it is.”
  

Chapter 27 - Family History

“Ridley,” said Ben, when they were alone and walking toward the hotel, “why do you and some others call me Benzira?”
“‘Benzira’ is an ancient Nisirtu name with certain mystical connotations. Lilian used it in lieu of Benjamin when notifying the other Houses of your status as her husband-to-be, presumably because it was the closest thing we have to Ben. Ben and Benjamin are Ardoon names and Nisirtu consider them demeaning. I realize it doesn’t bother you, but most Nisirtu you interact with will instinctively address you by a respectable Nisirtu name rather than ‘insult’ you by addressing you by your Ardoon name. Even I struggle with this.”
“But isn’t Lilian an Ardoon name?”
“In fact, your wife’s name is Lilitu. She only uses Lilian when interacting with Ardoon. Fiela will sometimes call herself Felicity, if you’re wondering.”
“What should I call Lilian, then?”
“She is quite comfortable with Lilian. The Stratton surname is a fabrication. Her short name is really Lilitu of Sargon.”
Ben rubbed the back of his neck and mumbled. “I never thought I’d find myself married to a woman whose name I didn’t know.”
“I’m certain you never foresaw any of what has happened in the past week.”
“True. But still, I should know more about my so-called wife.”
“Wives,” Ridley corrected him. “A serretu is a wife.”
“I really didn’t think I’d find myself married to women whose names I didn’t know. I’m pretty sure I merit my own reality show.”
 “You know what matters. You know that Lilian believes the other Houses wronged her and her father. She considers herself her father’s rightful heir and considers the prevailing King of the Fifth Kingdom a puppet of the Seven, which I happen to agree with. She plans on outlasting her father’s foes and to fill the void they leave behind.”
Ben said, “She must have been very young, though, when her father was usurped. Does she even remember him, really?”
“She has some bona-fide memories, yes, and others that are highly idealized mental reconstructions based on fragments of actual events.  Lilian has always worshipped her father. It’s understandable. Anax Sargon - King Sargon, that is - was a force to be reckoned with. He was a good-looking man with a remarkable presence. He was also incredibly smart and talented. He loved music and played several instruments.”
“As does Lilian.”
“Yes, of course. She learned to play in order to please him and proved to be a prodigy with the violin. She played for visitors to King Sargon’s court when she was seven years old. Remembering her intensity at such a tender age still gives me chills. But the truth is, King Sargon was not a particularly good father or husband. He wasn’t abusive or anything of that nature. Merely indifferent. Children were for him a byproduct of sexual intercourse. His wife, a kind but undemanding woman of noble lineage, died giving birth to a stillborn son who would have been his only rightful heir. After that he had a string of mistresses, mostly the daughters of lesser nobles of various Houses.”
Ben checked behind him before saying in a low tone, “Ridley, Fiela told me yesterday that Lilian has something of a…reputation. It is hard for me to fathom that the woman I know, cool, collected, and refined, could have ever done the kinds of things she is accused of.”
The scribe let out a troubled breath. “It is wrong that Lilian’s past should haunt her so. We all make mistakes when we are young and Lilian had more reasons and more capacity for mistakes than most. In her teens and early twenties she was, to be frank, promiscuous. Wildly promiscuous. She orchestrated sexual orgies in her home on weekly basis. It was a thing of infamy.”
Ben shivered. He hadn’t expected confirmation in that level of detail. “How long did this behavior go on?”
“Years, I’m afraid. I think she was, in a way, looking for a man to replace her father, but no man could live up to that imaginary standard. She isolated herself from those of us who loved her and embraced those who only sought to use her. Lilian also experimented with a variety of drugs and disappeared for months at a time. It was a bleak period. She was bitter, you understand, not only because of her father’s overthrow and her status as a bastard child, but also because she was exiled from court. Lilian has a proud soul. 
“Fortunately, by the time of the Maqtu rebellion, she had matured and realized that her actions were counterproductive. Only then did she reach out to me again. The rebellion gave her new hope. She regrets her past actions but cannot undo them.”
Ben meditated on that. “She certainly seems in control of herself, now.”
Ridley nodded. “Oh yes, she is now a force to be reckoned with. The coming cataclysm has made her focus laser sharp.”

The two men strolled into the Great Hall. 
Ben said, “About the ‘collapse’ - what’s the timeline?”
“Two, maybe three days, before events reach critical mass. As any glance at a newspaper or television would convince you, it has already started.”
“Nothing can be done to stop it?”
“No. If it would put your conscience at ease, you are free to notify the local authorities of what is coming. Telephone or text the newspapers. Blog or put up a website. Tweet. Call the President. Whatever you like.”
The linguist said wryly, “I’ve obviously considered all of the above but you know as well as I that any of those actions are futile. Even if other Nisirtu didn’t work against me, which I’m sure they would, what could I hope to achieve? I can’t expect anyone to believe that a secret society that traces its roots back to ancient Mesopotamia is scripting the end of the world. Even if I stole some scripts and posted them on the Internet, it would be days before anyone in a position of power would take notice. Even then, they’d assume I was a spy or a charlatan. Given a few months of brutal interviews at the CIA it’s possible that I might make inroads, but probably not. I’m sure the Nisirtu would have me killed within hours.
“Besides, the crops are already dying. Cage’s disease is already a pandemic. The markets are already crashing and wars are already erupting. I could never undo what is already in motion. It’s hopeless.”
Ridley nodded again. “Quite right. The end is inevitable now.”  
Ben shook his head. “I don’t see how any of us can survive the type of calamity you and Lilian have described. For one thing, Lilian, Fiela and I might contract Cage’s disease.”
“No, nephew. Cage’s is a creation of the Seven Houses. It was designed to bypass the Nisirtu. You were immunized by Lilian’s physician the night he tended to the gash in your cheek.”
The other man, surprised, felt an odd, guilt-laden wave of relief wash over him. Sure, billions of others would die, but he would be just fine, thank you very much. “Why don’t you, or the Maqtu, immunize the entire population, then?”
“Ardoon immunizations must be individually tailored after a protracted study of a person’s DNA. A single study requires weeks. It would take decades to immunize a fraction of the population and we have but days. Besides, to do so would be treason, and the Seven would simply deploy a different strain.”
“How did you get my DNA?”
“We liberated a bit from the Department of Defense.”
 Ben felt like thwacking himself on the forehead. He should have thought of that. All members of the U.S. military were required to contribute blood for DNA samples. The military used the DNA it had on file to identify remains when an attack left so little of a serviceperson’s body that no other form of identification was possible. 
He said, “Okay, so Cage’s isn’t an issue. There’s still the external threat. I assume you are providing us this hotel as a refuge but if there are no stores or markets, how would we get food, medicine, clothing?”
“Have you forgotten the cave? There you have rations sufficient to feed four hundred people for two years. Also, there are several productive wells on the property, over fifty fruit trees, a good lake for fishing, ample wildlife, and a reasonable amount of land to farm.”
“Two years?”
“Yes, that’s one of the perks of having a cave for a basement and unlimited resources. The stored food won’t provide the most diverse menu but it should suffice. There is also a wine cellar with several hundred bottles of some good years, cases of various liquors, tobacco products, medical supplies, books, movies, clothing, shoes, and so forth. There is also a stable of some fine horses two miles down the road managed by one of your fetches. Lilian is quite the equestrian and I’m sure she’d be happy to teach you to ride if you don’t know how to already.”
Ben considered this before saying, “People will kill for food and medicine. Armed hoards could show up on our doorstep and take everything from us.”
The scribe shook his head. “This location will be exceptionally difficult to reach once engines stop working, especially when winter hits. You probably won’t be bothered for several months. Not by Ardoon.”
“Yeah, but after that?”
“After that you’ll probably need an army.”
Ben tried not to laugh. “Where will I get an army?”
Ridley shrugged. “Right now all the Houses of the Nisirtu are jockeying for position. After the apocalypse all of the Ardoon armies that the Families today control will be decimated. The Houses must then leverage their limited resources for maximum gain. Control of the Peth-Allati is paramount. You might think that a few thousand Peth are inconsequential on a global scale. However, if you use your insight and resources to make each of those Peth a local commander or Governor you have the foundation for an empire. Once that foundation is in place you can send your spies abroad, and once you have your spies in place, you can put your scribes to work.”
“I have no Peth legions,” replied the other man. “Or spies. Or scribes.”
Ridley placed his chin in one hand. “I suspect there will soon by many of each looking for work. You need only stand your ground while the other Houses tear each other to pieces. The Families think they will remain unified and govern the world together after the collapse, but that is a romantic fiction. They struggle to do that even in the best of times. After the collapse there will be another civil war. Even now the Seven Houses are secretly plotting against one another.”
“And us,” Ben ventured.
The scribe nodded. “Very much so.”

Chapter 28 - Guests

At mid-day the first of reception’s visitors arrived. He was Wilfred Barnum, Esquire, and he had flown in on a customized EC 135 with three fetches and enough luggage to test the load capacity of the luxuriously upgraded aircraft. Lilian, seeing the helicopter, had gone to the helipad to greet him.
“Ah, Lilitu, it’s good to see ye,” he said in English with a Scottish brogue, holding open his arms so that she could embrace him. As tall as the average Nisirtu but a bit wider at the waist than most, the fifty-seven year old man wore a gray three-piece suit and a black silk bowtie. Atop his head was a lush if unkempt mass of red hair that was matched by an equally lush and unkempt red beard. 
“It’s so good to see you, Willie,” the woman yelled over the whine of the blades as they slowed to a stop. “It’s been years!”
“Ay, fower! A misst ye sae muckle!”
Lilian released him and said in Agati, “Four years, really? Time is a wicked creature.”
 Barnum replied in the same tongue, though the accent remained. “Yes, the older you get that faster it moves. So is life. I was pleased to receive your invitation even if the announcement of the marriage threw me for a loop!”
She took one of his arms in hers and walked him toward Steepleguard. “It was my intent to throw everyone for a loop. I had to do it quickly, you understand.”
“Most assuredly. You’ve put the Seven on their heels, lass.”
“You’ve reviewed the marriage contract?”
“Yes, and Ridley has done an excellent job, as I’d expect. Still, I would like to sit down with you and your husband and sister to sift through some of the finer points. I think there are some implications you should be made aware of.”
Lilian’s pace slowed. “Nothing that affects the legitimacy of the union, I hope.”
“Nothing like that, dear. Your marriage contract is iron clad.”
“Good.” She patted the man’s forearm. “Would an hour be adequate for you to recuperate from your trip?”
“One hour and some whiskey, yes.”
“Then you shall have both.”  She twisted her body and motioned for Mr. Fetch, who was trailing them by twenty feet, to catch up. She said, “Mr. Fetch, please see Mr. Barnum to his suite and ensure he is provided a bottle of Glenfiddich.”
Mr. Fetch said, “We have a bottle of the 1937. Would that be satisfactory, sir?”
The attorney laughed merrily. “It’ll do in a pinch, lad.”

Soon dozens of additional guests began to arrive by air and land. Ben was initially amazed that such ostensibly powerful men and women could drop everything they were doing to respond to Ridley’s invitation, especially given the short notice, but then recognized that it was their power that allowed them to do so. They ruled their own lives and answered to no one except their kings and queens, who, from what he could tell, required nothing but their subjects’ loyalty.
The guests were an exceptional lot, physically. The Nisirtu men were generally tall and chiseled, the women were slim and gorgeous, and the children were adorable and seemingly wise beyond their years. Most newcomers arrived dressed in the kind of leisurewear that could only be purchased from specialty stores. Two hundred dollar polo shirts and five hundred dollar khakis.  Sneakers, boat shoes, and sunglasses that topped a thousand dollars each. 
By midday the parking lot held a great variety of luxury and sports cars, many of a make Ben had never seen before. He stood outside the doors to the Great Hall admiring them and contemplating a closer inspection. He wasn’t a gear-head but he didn’t need to be to appreciate the mechanical marvels that were collecting in his new front yard.
“There you are,” came a voice from behind him. He turned and saw Lilian and Fiela striding toward him, hand in hand.
“Just enjoying the view,” he said, turning back toward the cars. Lilian appeared to his right and Fiela to his left, though the Peth had stopped a half step back. 
Lilian said, “A friend of the family, Willie Barnum, would like to meet with us in about an hour. He’s an attorney who has reviewed the marriage contract and wants to make sure all the T’s are crossed.”
“That’s probably a good idea since I didn’t understand most of what was in it. I signed it anyway, of course. That’s how I ended up in the Marines. I never seem to learn.”
“We’ll meet in Ridley’s study,” said Lilian. “The three of us and Willie.”
“Okay. Fiela!” yelled Ben over his shoulder, “you’re giving me the creeps standing back there. Did you forget your sunglasses?”  He knew the girl was extremely sensitive to light but the skies were overcast.
“No, Mutu,” she said, taking hold of his arm but not moving.
“What, then?”
Lilian made a clicking noise with her tongue. “Don’t be silly, Sister. Stand next to your husband.”  To Ben, “It’s customary for the serretu to stand a little toward the rear if the asatu is present. I doubt you care about such things.”
“You’re right,” he replied. “That’s ridiculous. I’m officially nixing that custom by whatever authority that document I didn’t read gives me.”
“Done,” said Lilian decisively, and motioned Fiela to move up with a wave of her hand. 
“Thank you, Mutu,” the Peth said, kissing him on the cheek when she was beside him.
“Are all the guests arriving today?” he asked.
“No, perhaps a third,” said Lilian. “The rest will arrive tomorrow. I’ll need to introduce you to many of them.”
“That’s what us trophy husbands are for, right? To be shown off?”
Lilian laughed. “That, and other things.”
More seriously, Ben said, “Explain something to me. I get that everyone in the Nisirtu is wealthy by proxy. And powerful. But how is it that everyone – and I mean everyone – is either handsome or beautiful?” 
“Do you think I’m beautiful?”
The man laughed curtly. “You must know that, Lilian.”
“Yet you have never said so.”
“Lilian, Fiela, you are the two most beautiful women I have ever laid my eyes on. Clear?”
“Thank you, Mutu,” said Fiela.
“Thank you,” added Lilian, before saying, “Yes, Nisirtu women are, by Ardoon standards, beautiful, just as Nisirtu men are tall and handsome. Our ancestors were superb horse breeders and reasoned that it made no sense to carefully breed lower animals but to leave the breeding of high order animals like humans to chance. So for five thousands years we have been selectively bred. The brightest, strongest, healthiest, that sort of thing. As a result our IQs are generally quite high, we have very long lives, and we are immune to many diseases.”
“And you’re bred to be beautiful? ”
“Beauty is merely a side benefit of the pursuit for the healthiest offspring. I should point out that the program is voluntary and that the Nisirtu aim only to enhance positive traits. We are too wise to use race, religion, or other unrelated attributes in mapping our genetic futures. Such foolish polices are,” she said, with irony, “exclusive to the Ardoon.”
“That’s why you’re immune to Cage’s, isn’t it? You’ve got a specific genetic identity. Ridley said the pathogen was designed to bypass you.”
“That’s right.”
Before Ben could explore the topic further, a young couple walked up to them. Both were Hollywood-perfect. He bore a marked resemblance to one of those carefree polo players shown in cologne advertisements in gentlemen’s fashion magazines and she looked like the head of an Ivy League sorority that catered exclusively to homecoming queens. Ben was surprised they weren’t both carrying tennis racquets and sipping champagne.
“Annasa,” said the man, showing his perfect white teeth, and Lilian held out her hand so that he could brush her knuckles with his lips. The young woman next to him repeated the ritual.
Lilian said, “You are kind but I am not a queen.”
“But you will be,” said the woman. “Soon, we hope.”
“It is time that the world was returned to its proper order,” said the man, eyeing Ben. “Anax?” he probed.
Ben held out his hand. “Ben.”
“Rightful son of Sargon,” said Lilian with gravity.
“Chosen successor of the Great Sage,” added Fiela.
The younger man took the proffered hand and shook it enthusiastically. “You are an inspiration, sir. Son of Sargon and chosen of the Great Sage. I have made it a point to read all of your books and I am amazed at your intellectual prowess, truly. I am a student of ancient civilizations.”
Ben was happily surprised. “Really? Any specific region or period?”
“The Pacific and Southeast Asia are what interest me most. I am preparing a paper on Lemuria, in fact.”
“Lemuria.”  Ben nodded approvingly but wondered who would ever see the paper if the universities were abandoned. “You have an interest in mythos, then. I’d certainly be interested in reading the finished product. I once authored an article on Mu. It was a pop piece for a travel magazine, but I’d be happy to share my notes with you. I didn’t catch your name?”
“Augustus,” the man said. “Lilian knows my family. Oh,” he said, stepping back. “I’m sorry, this is Theda, my wife. She’s a marine archaeologist.”
“Anax,” said the woman, gently twisting Ben’s outstretched hand and kissing the signet ring on his finger. She raised two hypnotic blue eyes to meet his as her lips pushed against the cuneiform inscriptions. Ben tried to hide his embarrassment as Fiela’s grip on his arm tightened. 
“Ben,” he corrected her, politely withdrawing his hand. “A marine archaeologist and a student of Lemuria? You two were destined to be together.”  He spotted another couple headed his way. Clearing his throat, he said, “It was a pleasure meeting you both but I’ve got some matters to attend to.”
“Of course,” the visitors said almost at once, and after a few parting pleasantries the couple continued past him to the Great Hall.
“Sister,” said Lilian, “I should stay here to greet some of our visitors. Why don’t you escort our husband to the sanctuary of his study? I do not think he is desirous of our visitors’ attention.”
“We can go to the bedroom,” the girl said, tugging at his arm. “Perhaps you would like to nap? In the bedroom?”
“A nap?” exclaimed Ben. “What am I, your grandfather?”
“Oh, Mutu,” lamented Fiela as she pulled him away from the door. “Fine, let’s go to your study and stare at your stupid tablets.”
  

Chapter 29 - The Devil in the Details

“You’ve got a sound system!”  Fiela said excitedly. She had been slowly circling the study with her hands behind her back while Ben tried to reconstruct on paper some of the lines he saw on Tablet 3. The red lines behaved in a curious way on that tablet.
“Huh?” he said, holding a magnification glass to the inscriptions.
Fiela didn’t answer. She was standing in front of a cabinet of audio equipment playing with the buttons. Eventually she found the right combination and invisible speakers throughout the room began to pump out music. 
“Oh this is so great!” she exclaimed. “Why didn’t you tell me you had this?”
Ben sighed and looked up. “I didn’t know I had it.”
“Do you like music?”
“Some,” he said, looking back down at the tablet. 
The girl turned up the music slowly, watching him to see how far she could push it. It didn’t take long for her to find the ‘scowl’ threshold, at which point she stopped playing with the dials and began to sway left and right, her arms above her. “Do you like to dance?”
“Nope.”
“I love to dance,” the Peth said. “No matter where I was fighting, I always found a place to dance.”
“Mm-hmmm.”
“Do you like this kind of music?”
“I don’t know what that kind of music is,” he replied.
“You know, dubstep, electronic, that kind of thing?”
“I’m a linguist and I still don’t know what you’re talking about. I don’t suppose you like Robert Johnson?”
The girl dropped her hands to her sides. “Mutu!  You’re not ancient. You’re only like thirty years old. How can you be so behind the times?”
Ben placed his hands on his desk and looked up. “It’s my job to be behind the times. A few millennia, normally. Anyway, you’re one to talk, Miss Babylon.”
The girl’s eyes lit up. “I know how to dance the veils!  You’d like that, I bet. It’s really, really old. I don’t have the veils, though…”
“Some other time then. Anyway, I don’t have anyone available to behead at the moment.”
“Ha!” laughed the girl. “Now you’re thinking of your other wife.”  
Fiela began to dance again, her hands above her, her hips moving slowly left and right, up and down, as she worked her way around the room.
While still dancing, she said, “Once when I was in Prague, I got involved in this running skirmish with some rebels that lasted like three hours. At first we were chasing them, then they were chasing us, and then it was just them chasing me, but they were tired by then and I never get tired, so I got behind them and finished it, and then I went to dance. It was this little place with a name I don’t remember, but I was covered in blood, you know, what? They didn’t even care.”
Placing the magnifying glass down and leaning back, the researcher said, “Do you always dance after a fight?”
“Uh-huh,” she said as she danced towards him. “It’s a perk of being a night fighter. There’s always a bar or club open when you’re done. It helps, you know, get rid of the tension.”  
Her eyes lost some of their focus. “I remember that night I had to kill this other girl. She was my age and she kept begging me to let her go but, you know…I couldn’t.”  The girl frowned and shook her head. “Anyway, the music was great that night. I really love music, Mutu. It makes the whole world disappear.”
The man wanted to look away, to show Fiela that he was uninterested in this kind of thing. Dancing? He hadn’t danced since high school and had no plans to start now. Fiela didn’t seem to care. She seemed to take a great deal of satisfaction in dancing for him and he found himself unable to stop watching. It was a form of hypnosis, the way she rolled her hands up and down, left and right, the motions effortless, smooth and perfect. 
She moved closer and closer to him, her violet eyes set on his, as she mouthed the words to the song she was dancing to. Lifting up her skirt a few inches, she pushed her long hair to the top of her head and began to corkscrew her body up and down, from floor to ceiling, smiling at the man as she slowly spun on her bare feet. Did the girl ever wear shoes? But this was a fleeting thought, as she pivoted to face him again and regained the eye-lock she coveted.
The tempo of the song hinted to Ben that whatever the song was, it was close to ending. He found himself oddly disappointed. What had started as another of the girl’s annoyances had become something much better. He wasn’t sure exactly what but it sure as hell beat staring at the slab of rock on his desk.
Fiela knew the song was over, too. In a stunning display of her strength and flexibility, she fell forward with one hand outstretched and used the arm to support her body as it went vertical, her feet above her. She supported her weight and balanced herself on just her thumb and index finger, yet didn’t sway. It was as if someone above her was holding on to her legs.  
As the final notes of the song registered, she pushed forward and did a somersault directly into Ben’s lap, her knees gently coming to rest on either side of his legs. The landing was perfect, as if wires had eased her down and into position. 
Her face only inches from his, she said, “I do love you, truly.” 
She parted her lips and moved her face toward the man’s. 
There was a knock at the door.
“No!” cried Fiela in frustration. “Not now!”  She buried her head in the man’s shoulder and groaned. 
A head popped into the room. It was Mr. Fetch.
“Sorry, sir…er…”
“What?” asked Ben, his throat constricted.
“Miss Lilian is calling for you, sir. She says the attorney is ready for you and Miss Fiela.”
Without warning, Fiela spun around and leaned forward on Ben’s desk, craning her neck toward the interloper. To Ben’s shock she actually hissed at the elderly man. The motion was so violent and the sound so alien and laden with menace that the servant stumbled backwards in horror. 
“I’m sorry, Miss Fiela, but Miss Lilian said-”
“You did the right thing,” said Ben, finding his voice. “Thank you, Mr. Fetch.”
Shaken, Mr. Fetch rushed back down the hall. 
“Serretu,” said Ben. “Calm down.”
Fiela, her face pink, continued to stare at the door.
“Fiela!”
“What?” she said yelled angrily, finally turning to face him. Catching herself, she softened and said, “I’m sorry, Mutu. What did you say?”
“Calm yourself. You will not hurt Mr. Fetch. Do you understand?”
She nodded and buried her face in his shoulder again. “As you say. But…we were so close. I could feel it. Couldn’t you?”
He thought maybe he had, but what he had just witnessed had rattled him to the core. For the briefest moment, Fiela seemed to have become something other than human. God, she might have killed the man if I hadn’t been here, he thought.
“Yes,” he said soothingly, running a hand over her exposed cheek. When her breathing had returned to normal, he said, “Let’s go.”

The two went to Ridley’s study, where Lilian was waiting, as was Wilfred Barnum. The two men shook hands and swapped a few niceties before everyone sat down and got to business. 
“I wanted to discuss with the three of you the implications of this marriage,” opened the attorney. “The circumstances are rather unusual and I’m not sure you fully appreciate all of them.”
Lilian said, “We understood them well enough to produce a dowry.”
Barnum nodded. “Ay, and I applaud your ingenuity. No one saw that coming. But Lilian, there are still other implications you must be mindful of now that you have crossed the Rubicon.”
Ben said, “Such as?”
The man rested his chin on his right palm. “King Sargon, Lilian’s father, is presumed deceased. He left behind no legitimate heirs. Thus every right or authority he would have bequeathed to a legitimate child has been in a state of suspension. It was fortunate that Ridley managed to convince the victorious Houses to allow Lilian a generous allotment of rights. However, as soon as you put the king’s ring on your finger and married his daughter, you became his true - and legitimate - son. You are as much his son as if the queen herself had borne you.”
Ben shrugged. “I’m honored, I guess. But that doesn’t really mean much, does it?”
“It means you are a prince!” said Fiela pointedly.
“Ah. I’m a prince. Well, that’s something,” said Ben. He had a sudden vision of himself in silk tights wearing a cap with a feather stuck in it. He shivered.
The attorney said, “It also means that King Sargon’s authorities now fall out of suspension to you. A decades-old void has been filled. The ring is like a last will and testament. A will remains in effect long after the author passes away. It is called the ‘authority of the dead hand.’  The authorities vested in that ring are equally valid.”
“Yes, but Lilian and I discussed this. Aside from the right to approve my own marriage, the ring is powerless. Any other rights that King Sargon could have bequeathed to a real son or daughter were lost when he was overthrown. There is someone else in charge of the Fifth Kingdom and that person now has those rights.”  
Barnum meditated on his next words before saying, “Has Lilian not told you that the current king, King Arker, has neither offspring nor living wife? He has also lost control of his mental faculties, though his House has been trying to conceal that truth. He claims his dead wife haunts him. His kingdom is largely run by his scribes, and not very well. I have heard from reputable sources that he has no will or similar device, and given his state of mind, anything he might put on paper would be very dubious in the eyes of the citizenry. Neither will his deteriorated physical state allow for…prodigy.”
“Okay,” Ben said slowly, in a tone that said, “Get to the point.”
Lilian spoke. “That means if King Arker should die, you, Mutu, are the only legal living heir. The Fifth Kingdom will be yours. You would not be prince. You would be king.”
It took a minute for the woman’s words to register. When they did, he looked at her. “Did you know about the current king’s troubles?”
Lilian put out her lower lip. “Nothing definitive. But this is not an unwelcome development, is it?”
“You should have told me,” Ben said, raising his voice. 
The woman shrugged. “Until this moment, I had heard only rumors of the king’s mental state. The court of the Fifth Kingdom has been unusually subdued as of late. I do not make plans based on rumors, Mutu.”
“But you did position yourself to take advantage of them if they were true. That’s why you wanted a husband - any husband that could squeeze a digit into your father’s ring.”
“No, not any husband,” objected Lilian. “I sat very specific parameters for Ridley. Please don’t be cross, Mutu. It is an arranged marriage of sorts but consider the good that can come of it. Instead of dying with the Ardoon masses you can use your power to save them. Perhaps millions of them. You will have far more compassion for them than any king born of the Nisirtu.” 
“That is beside the point. You should have been straight with me from the beginning, Lilian,” the man seethed.
Before the quarrel could escalate, Barnum said, “There is more.”
“What?” asked Ben, agitated. 
“This is in regard to Lilian’s new status.”
Lilian turned from Ben to Barnum. “Is there an issue?”
“Not an issue, exactly, but there are ramifications to this development.”
“What?” she asked.
“Divorce is highly undesirable, lass.”
“Why? I mean,” she said apologetically, touching Ben’s arm, “not that I would want to ever divorce my husband.”
 The attorney’s eyes flashed on Ben for the briefest of seconds. Returning his gaze to Lilian, he said, “It’s complicated, but the terms Scriptus Ridley negotiated for your protection when your father was arrested are only valid so long as you remain unwed. The enemies of your father were determined that you be the end of his bloodline.”  
“Yes,” said Lilian. “But I have married the rightful heir of my father and thus enjoy the immunity granted any spouse of a regent.”
“Correct,” said Barnum. “However…”
Lilian narrowed her eyes. “Go on.”
Tapping a pen on his knee, the lawyer said, “Should you ever leave the sanctuary of the marriage, you would be…well, you have already forfeited the protections offered by Scriptus Ridley’s settlement. Thus, you would be immediately marked.”
“Marked?”  Fiela exclaimed, looking at Lilian, whose eyes were equally wide.
It took a moment for Lilian to find her voice. “I do not understand!  I am either married and protected by my status as spouse to a de facto regent or unmarried and protected by Ridley’s settlement.”
Barnum shook his head. “No, Lilian. You voluntarily gave up the protections that Ridley negotiated for you. They cannot be restored.”
The man turned to Ben. “Ben, you must understand that if Lilian were ever to leave the marriage, of her volition or by command, the mark placed on her by the Families upon King Sargon’s ouster would be reinstated.”
“You mean,” said Ben weakly, “she would be killed.”
“Not just her. Her, her friends, her associates, her children, and her family, save you and Fiela. You, being of higher rank, would be immune, and because Fiela is your wife and your relationship with her trumps Lilian’s, she, too, would be immune. But everyone else would die.”
“Even our children?” gasped Lilian.
“Such children would be tainted by your father’s blood. Yes, they would be killed.”  He turned toward Ben. “Your demise will have the same effect as a divorce. Put simply, Lilian and any children you have by her will be marked if you die or divorce her.” 
Ben turned to face Lilian, who was white as a ghost. 
In a defeated voice he said, “This play never ends, does it?”

Chapter 30 - Lilian’s Angst

At dinner that evening, Lilian took part in every conversation, contributing an opinion here and an opinion there, agreeing with her guests on some topics and politely disagreeing with them on others. She called for the fetches to refill wine glasses and to bring coffee and tea. She did everything she could to conceal the fact that Barnum’s revelations as to her legal status had shaken her world.
The fettered princess had a plan in place that would gain her a throne and it had seemed to be working. Its continued success, however, depended on her correctly assessing her environment and being aware of all the pertinent facts, however minor. Two hours ago she had been blindsided by a fact that was in no way minor. If Ben died or divorced her, she would not only lose her throne but also be cast out and marked. 
The dichotomy was extreme. Her options were to rule with Ben at her side, always, or to be killed like a rabid dog.
It was not the external threat that concerned her. She expected the other Houses to weaken considerably after the collapse and to break apart. It was the threat within that concerned her.  To rule she needed the support of the nobility within her own House. She also needed the support of the scribes, the Peth-Allati, and to some extent, the citizenry. If Ben were to die, or divorce her, the fact that she was the biological daughter of a true Nisirtu king would not deter others within her House who were hungry for her throne from enforcing the mark. 
She pondered this throughout the meal, Ben to her left and Fiela to his, both oblivious to her internal struggles. The only silver lining to her predicament was that Ben, having come from the ranks of the Ardoon, was not of royal lineage. Had Lilian married a Nisirtu noble, which is what she had requested Ridley to script, the noble’s family would have inevitably schemed against her and sought to replace Lilian with a queen of their own choosing. The family might have even overthrown their own flesh and blood if the king failed to acquiesce to their constant demands for royal positions, rights, and authorities.  
The fact that Ben was from the ranks of the Ardoon and had no living relatives greatly diminished the possibility that he would be assassinated. That in turn reduced the probability that Lilian and her future children would be marked. Ridley had thus provided her a better script than she had requested.
Yet she now realized that she would need to modify her plan and place a much higher priority on Ben’s survival during the tumultuous days to come. Yesterday obtaining the throne was conditional upon her marriage to him - a condition she had met. Today, keeping that throne was conditional upon him remaining alive. 
And happy, she reminded herself. That was a problem. He was already angry with her and had on several occasions called their marriage a sham, which it surely had been.  She had regrettably even said so herself and had bribed him to come to Steepleguard because then it had not mattered if he remained in the marriage, so long as she became queen before his departure. 
Now it did matter. 
Now she needed him to take the union seriously. 
It wasn’t that she had not planned to make him happy. To her relief, she had grown very fond of the former Ardoon. Perhaps she didn’t love him, not yet, but she could not remember ever loving any man other than her father. Ben seemed fond of her, too, when he was not angry with her, and he did not seem the type of man who would be disloyal.
Her problem was that loyalty and fondness had been elective yesterday. Today they were bare minimums. She had spent most of the meal contemplating how she could prove to Ben that she no longer viewed their marriage as a sham, but none of the schemes she cooked up seem viable. He would see through them. 
She had been riddled with angst up to the moment that Fiela had tipped over a glass of wine and squealed loudly as it dripped onto her skirt. It was an ear-piercing sound and Ben was visibly startled. While others at the table chuckled, his face took on a hard expression and his eyes seemed to focus on something distant. He clasped his hands together in front of him, the knuckles growing white. 
The other guests sensed the tension and the table went silent. Fiela, who had been dabbing at the wine, lifted her head saw what the others at the table were pretending not to see. Alarmed, she had immediately risen from her chair and moved to Ben’s side, whispering something in his ear and running a hand over his. 
To everyone’s relief, Ben had politely excused himself before allowing Fiela to lead him into a corridor while making it seem as if he were leading her. Lilian could see into the corridor and watched as the Peth reached up and caressed Ben’s neck and kissed him on the shoulder and said something to him and then repeated it. Lilian had not needed to hear the words to know they formed an apology. 
At first, the fallen princess was befuddled. Ben’s reaction to a spilled glass of wine made no sense. But then she remembered, from her investigations, that the man had a ‘problem’ with sudden movements and loud noises. His health records stated that he suffered from a form of PTSD, caused by wartime trauma. Something to do with a bomb that had killed a friend of his in Afghanistan.  The former Marine’s records stated that unexpectedly loud noises, in particular, could cause Ben to lash out in anger – sometimes, physically. It wasn’t the spilled wine that had set him off. It has been Fiela’s scream.
In the corridor, the girl had buried her face in the man’s chest and had put her arms around him. There was a short conversation and the two had absconded. In that instant, Lilian realized the solution to her marital problems was, of all things, Fiela. 
The Peth, her sister and guardian, did love Ben. There was no doubt about it. It was apparent in the way the girl talked about him and how she sought to be always in his company. Fiela had even prohibited Ridley’s fetches from preparing Ben’s breakfast or tending to him during the meal, thus condemning the poor man to a predictable morning ration of over-cooked eggs and toast.
Fiela considered Ben a kindred spirit. Both had fought in wars and both struggled with certain psychological side effects, to include nightmares. Earlier that afternoon the two had swapped stories about their experiences and while the discussion was mostly somber, there were a few laughs, too, which she assumed brought the two closer together, emotionally. 
Equally important, unlike Lilian or Ben, Fiela treated the three’s marriage as absolutely genuine. Fiela actually believed in it. She had played no part in the ruse used to get Ben to sign the marriage contract and so was spared the accusations he hurled at Lilian. Fiela was an innocent, and Ben seemed to realize that.
Did Ben love the serretu? Perhaps. He was, at least, enamored with her, and seemed to be amused at her silliness. Unfortunately, the two had yet to engage in a sexual relationship, which was absurd. Fiela was beautiful and Ben was handsome. They shared the same bed and they were joined together by Nisirtu law, yet all they ever did was talk and touch one another, and not in the way Lilian wanted.
Lilian had worried about this even before the meeting with Barnum and the idea had begun to form in her head that Fiela was simply not trying hard enough. It surely wasn’t her husband’s fault. Ben had been thrown into a strange world with strange rituals and the Ardoon did not typically have second wives. Though Lilian had told him in no uncertain words that she and Fiela were both available to him, his mind had yet to adjust to this new reality.
 Fiela would have to take command of the situation. The serretu would have to convince Ben that she wanted him, which she surely did, and that he was derelict in his role as mutu if he failed to consummate the marriage with both women. 
Yes, Lilian would need to speak to the girl about that. 
It was also important that she impress upon Fiela that, though they were sisters, there could be no blurring of lines with regard to station. Lilian’s future was tied to Ben’s and if Ben’s continued presence depended on Fiela, Lilian would need Fiela’s unquestioning obedience and loyalty. It was, in a way, a circle of dependence. 
Yes, so long as her husband felt an emotional obligation to his serretu, and she to him, he wasn’t likely to dismiss the marriage altogether. Lilian would need to ensure that the bond between Fiela and Ben held firm until she could establish her own, and she needed the Peth to understand that she was a subject first and a sister second.
 

Chapter 31 - The Fading Light

As soon as he could escape the dinner, Ben went to his study to resume his inspection of the tablets. He was still upset by the revelation that if he abandoned the faux marriage Lilian and probably dozens of other people would be killed. Worse, the fact that he was upset reinforced the depressing fact that he now accepted that the Nisirtu did, in fact, control the world and were bent on destroying it. 
He decided that research would be his escape. He was grateful that he could rely on the unchanging, emotionless tablets to be there for him when he needed a distraction. Not that the tablets were exactly his friends. Indeed, they seemed to delight in vexing him, at keeping their secrets secret while teasing him with insights that flashed into and out of mind too rapidly to register. 
Sometimes the etchings would fill his head with images and thoughts so utterly alien that he could not have conceived them on his own. Images of places and beings and events that ranged from heavenly to hellish. He knew of drugs that could allegedly cause such thoughts, drugs he had taken himself when he first got back from the war. Prescription drugs that warned of unusual dreams as a potential side effect.
But how could merely staring at slab of stone do that? 
Sometimes the inscriptions tricked him into seeing movement, as if the lines and swirls and spirals were not carved into the stone but were instead colored threads placed upon it that were being slowly pulled by a phantom finger. 
He was holding a tablet in his hand, mesmerized by the illusion of the movement, when Ridley appeared in the doorway.
“Good evening, nephew.”
“Ridley,” said the researcher, startled. Collecting his wits, he said, “If you’re here to ask if there’s been a breakthrough, the answer is ‘no.’ I haven’t had much of an opportunity to study the tablets today.”
Entering the room, the other man said, “No, no, I’m not worried about that. I’m sure you’ll achieve a breakthrough, eventually.”
Ben grunted. “You should have brought me into the fold earlier. There is no way I’ll master these before your planned apocalypse.”
“Don’t push yourself too hard. I fully expect you to continue your studies after this era is complete. Anyway, your subconscious is already working on the tablets. Let it do the hard work. You’ll find it will be far more effective than your conscious mind.”
Ben shook his head. “Hoping that I will have an epiphany while I’m asleep is a strategy I tried in college with little success.”
The scribe chuckled as he put his hands behind his back and moved toward the researcher. “Oh, it’s not like that, exactly. Are you familiar with Jungian archetypes?”
“I know the phrase, and that Jung was a contemporary of Freud and almost as famous, though the two had significantly different views on psychology. From what I remember, Freud was fixated on sex and Jung was fixated on metaphysics.”
“Ha!  Well, I’m sure many would agree with you. Anyway, Jung postulated that there are nebulous forms and images common to all humans. These are the basic building blocks of thought that every man and woman use to form their reality. Things, people, and places that they know exist before they can even speak. 
“Gods, for example. There are no cultures I’m aware of that are without gods. Belief in a god or gods in instinctive to man and may be rationalized away as a person gets older, but fresh from the womb, a man believes in gods.  Devils, too.”  The old man gave him a quizzical look. “Tell me, nephew, do you believe in gods? Or devils?”  
Ben sighed, turned a palm up. “What does that have to do with deciphering the tablets?”
The Great Sage stared at him for a moment before saying, “I propose that the Empyrean Glossa is an archetype. It is a language buried in the subconscious. Hardwired into our brains, even. That’s why I’m suggesting that you let your subconscious do the work.”
Perplexed, the researcher said, “Lilian gave me the impression that deciphering these tablets was an emergency.”
“No, Ben. The emergency was getting you to Steepleguard before the collapse so that you could study them. I never told Lilian that I expected you to decipher the tablets before the world was reborn.”
“Huh.” Ben tried to remember his conversation with Lilian in Denver. Playing it over in his mind, he thought Ridley might be right. Not that it really mattered. 
“Take some time off,” suggested the scribe. “Tour your new home, meet the guests and get to know your wives. Fiela was looking for you a few minutes ago. She wanted to apologize to you again for what happened at dinner. She said she had upset you. You do seem a little agitated, in fact.”
“Not because of anything Fiela did. Not really. It’s hard to get angry with a person who is trying so hard to make you happy, even when she’s being a pain in the butt.”
Ridley laughed. “Yes, she can be that.”  In a more serious tone, he added, “Ben, there’s something you need to know about my niece.”
Staring levelly at the scribe, the researcher said, “Ridley, Lilian is causing me enough grief. Please don’t tell me that there are sinister strings attached to Fiela. Unlike some others,” he said, looking pointedly at the other man, “Fiela has never lied to me, at least not on anything of consequence. Has she?”
“No, Ben, no. Nothing like that.”  The scribe walked to a chair opposite the researcher and slowly seated himself. “Fiela does not lie, not often, and when she does, she is very bad at it. It’s not in her nature.”
Relieved, Ben said, “What is it, then?”
“You know that she has nightmares.”
“Of course. It’s PTSD. Ten years of fighting would do that to her, especially considering that she began fighting as a child.”
Twiddling his fingers on an adjacent table, Ridley said, “I agree that it is PTSD. Not from the war, though. Not entirely.”
“What, then?” 
Glancing at the door, Ridley said, “I told you that I saved both Lilian and Fiela from the mark placed on King Sargon; that they were to be executed but that I negotiated to have them released and placed under my guardianship.”
“Yes.”
“Fiela was a small child when that happened. I couldn’t save her family, you understand. They openly admitted their support for Lilian’s father. Brave, loyal types, with Peth blood in their veins. Thirty-first generation. They were fearless and though Sargon’s House was not their own, they stood by the man, and were killed as a consequence.”
“Right.”
Ridley forced air from his lungs before continuing. “They were killed in their own home. Brutally. Slowly.”
A cold, invisible hand squeezed Ben’s throat. “Jesus.”
“I’ll spare you the details but you need to know that everything that was done…” He took in a deep breath. “It was all done in front of Fiela.”
When he was able to move again, the former Marine jumped to his feet and through the stone tablet in his hand across the room, screaming obscenities he hadn’t used in a decade. His outrage not quelled, he knocked over and threw furniture, books, and anything he could get his hands on, cursing obscenely with every outburst. 
Walking in a tight circle and trying to regain his senses, his hands on his head, he yelled, “What is it with you people? Lilian’s father goes insane so you have to kill a girl’s parents in front of her? It would have been more compassionate to just kill Fiela, too!”
Ridley said nothing, staring at the floor as the other man kicked over an antique globe before finally returning to his chair.
His face bright red, Ben said, “I don’t mean that. Killing her, I mean. I don’t think…ah, hell. I don’t know. You people are barbarians.”
When the scribe saw he was done, he said, “I did not learn of the incident until later, when I expressed a concern for the girl’s mental state. She was introverted, prone to sudden, inexplicable bouts of screaming and crying, and had nightmares. So many nightmares. Three or four a night.”
Hearing this, the Peth’s words from two nights ago, regarding the terrors, came back to Ben. “Sometimes your family comes back, especially your mother…”  Her words had struck him as odd at the time. Now they gave him chills.
In a hoarse voice Ben said, “Didn’t she tell you what had happened?”
“No, Ben. She did not remember. She blocked it out. She did not remember then and she does not remember now.”
“What?”
“She doesn’t know, nephew. Not consciously. The block is absolute. When she was a child, I dared not reveal the truth to her, especially not when she began to show signs of improvement. Lilian tried to help, changing Fiela’s sweat-soaked bed linen to save the girl the embarrassment of having my fetches see them, and sometimes reading to her, but at other times she was very distant. Keep in mind that Lilian was trying to cope with the loss of her own father during this same period. At times she was caring and at other times shockingly callous. It was a challenging period for them both.”
“Does - did - Lilian know?”
“No. Only I know, Ben, and now you. I have tried on occasion to carefully broach the subject with Fiela but she seems truly oblivious to any insinuation I make that she might have had a troubled childhood. She knows that she is an orphan but her earliest memories are of being here at Steepleguard. All other memories are repressed.”
“But she still has nightmares.”
Ridley nodded. “There is no restraining the subconscious. But she has had them less often, since she has returned here. Do you know why?”
“Because she feels safe here, I’d assume. She knows this place and you’re her uncle. It’s a very secure and welcoming environment.”
“No, Ben. It’s you.”
The other man was stunned. “Me?”
“Yes. She sees a strong, confident man, a smart man, who has the same affliction she has, and that means she has an ally. Remember, she is Peth. Fighting is her way of life. Her entire life she has fought the terrors alone. Now, she sees you are fighting them, too, and she feels less ashamed. She sees that it’s not just her, that it’s not a sign of weakness. It has given her hope.”
Ben, embarrassed, said, “She told you this?”
“Yes, we had a long conversation. She is happier today than I have ever seen her. Not only are you an ally, you are family. Immediate family, not an obscure uncle, like me. You are someone she can care for. Someone she can, as Peth, protect. More importantly, you are someone she can talk to because you are from the Ardoon and won’t judge her in the same way other Nisirtu would.”
The researcher sighed and hung his head. “Is she going to be okay, Ridley? I mean, other than the nightmares, is she…okay?”
“I think so. Granted, she gets carried away from time to time. Her instincts are to be an introvert but she’s fighting that and as a result sometimes goes too far and becomes demanding, even needy. Be patient with her.”
With that, the scribe rose and headed back toward the doorway. 
Ben called after him. “Why are you telling me this?”
Ridley stopped and turned. “Because I love her, and she loves you. I would rather she not be hurt, nephew. Not emotionally. It might undo her.”
Then he was gone.

Chapter 32 - The Rod

When Fiela walked into the bedroom that evening, she found Lilian lying on the bed in a robe reading the next day’s script. 
“Hello, Sister,” she said, kicking off her shoes and moving toward the master bathroom. 
“Peth,” she heard Lilian say behind her, “wait.”
Fiela stopped abruptly. That Lilian had addressed her as Peth, and not as Sister or Fiela, meant that she was speaking as a sovereign. 
“Yes, Princess?” Fiela said, addressing Lilian by her proper title.
“How stands your relationship with our husband?”
Fiela wondered at the nature of the question. “We have grown close, I think. I hope.”
“Is he angry with you about what happened at dinner?”
Fiela shook her head. “No. We have made peace. I was stupid and will be more careful in the future.”
“You shall. Ben is very fond of you.”
“Perhaps he loves me.”
“If not now, soon, I think. But you have not yet consummated your marriage to him.”
Fiela dropped her gaze to the floor, humiliated by the observation. “I do not know why. Do I not please him?”
“You do, but you are too restrained.”
“Restrained?”
“You do not pursue him. He is waiting for you to make the first move. He is uncertain what our culture allows.”
“What would you have me do?”
“Present yourself to him in a way that arouses his lust. Seduce him. If he declines you, push forward. Take what is yours. Or make him take what is his. Trust me, the next day he will thank you. It will be a great relief to him to have the matter decided.”
“I do not know how to do what you ask,” replied Fiela honestly. She wanted to say she lacked Lilian’s experience in such matters but she might as well slit her own throat. “Would it not be better to wait until he desires to be with me?”
“He does desire to be with you. He is simply afraid to make the first move. You must lead the way.”  
That did not sound right to Fiela. It seemed somehow wrong, in fact. Confused, she sighed in exasperation. She immediately realized her error, that it was not her sister she was addressing, but her sovereign. Lilian suddenly bore an expression that could melt ice. 
“I am sorry, Princess!” Fiela gasped.
The woman’s voice was as hard as steel. “Am I annoying you, Peth?”
Fiela shuddered as the words hit her. “No, I’m sorry, truly!”
Lilian began to shake with rage. Her temper had already been tested by Barnum’s announcement that her very life depended on her marriage to Ben and that even her children would be killed if the former Ardoon divorced her or died. Yet Ben seemed to be growing further away from her each day, not closer. He was constantly angry with her for her alleged – and actual – deceptions. Now the one person who could salvage everything, who could keep the future king of the Fifth Kingdom from walking away from it all, was a Peth who was daring to sigh at her words of advice. 
It was unbearable. 
She said, “You need to be reminded of your place. Lay face down on the bed.”  
As Fiela complied, Lilian went to a chest of drawers and after ruffling through a drawer came back to the foot of the bed. She grabbed one of Fiela’s ankles and pulled it roughly toward her and began tying it to the bedpost. 
“Princess, what are you doing?” Fiela asked as innocently as possible, now thinking that the woman was interested in some kind of impromptu bondage scenario. While the Peth had not told Ben about this particular kink of Lilian’s, it was well known by almost everyone else, just as it was known that Lilian was never the submissive. Fiela had never taken part in such diversions, and prayed that the woman’s fury was merely an act. The Peth silently promised her gods that she would play the role of the penitent to the utmost of her ability, and grant Lilian whatever relief she desired, if they would only transform her sister’s fury into lust.
Lilian tied Fiela’s other foot to the opposite bedpost. The bed was massive and by the time she was done the girl’s legs were pulled so far apart that they almost formed a line. While the position caused the supremely flexible Peth no discomfort, she did not like the feeling of being bound.  Her arms were free but utterly useless. She tried to look over her shoulder.
“I should thrash you until you are a foot from the underworld,” growled Lilian.
“I’m sorry-”
“Silence. I will not do so only because our husband would find you less pleasing striped.”
“Thank you, Princess,” replied Fiela, realizing this was no act.  She had seen Lilian like this before, and it scared her. The woman’s temper was terrifying to behold. It had been the last thing many of her enemies had seen before their lives were slowly ended.
“Do not thank me, Peth. You will still be punished.”  
Fiela felt something cold and hard slide over the sole of her foot. A stick? Something flexible, her brain told her. Something safe to step on. Bamboo?
Her stomach knotted.
Lilian said, “The Nocte Sicarius are famous for their ability to glide silently across a forest floor without breaking even a twig. Not a single dried leaf is crushed underfoot.”
“Please don’t,” begged Fiela, understanding what the woman planned.
“Yet that skill was only achieved by centuries of proper breeding. I don’t pretend to know whether a foot’s sensitivity is based on the number of nerves present, or their structure, or how the brain deals with sensations from those nerves. That is a matter for the geneticists. But I do know that your feet, like those of any night assassin, are supremely sensitive to stimuli. I’ve been told they are almost thrice as sensitive as a mere mortal’s. Does that sound right?”
“Yes, Princess,” Fiela said, wincing at the mere tap of the bamboo rod on her arch. Had her legs not been stretched apart so dramatically, she would have been writhing on the bed. “Please, I am begging you, truly. I am sorry!”
Lilian ran her hand over the girl’s foot. The skin was as soft - no, softer - than a newborn’s. “You will be more so,” she said, raising the bamboo rod into the air.
Fiela had thought she would be stronger. She had suffered hundreds of lacerations during her battles with the Maqtu, as evidence by the pink and white scars that covered her legs and stomach. She had been shot more times than she could count, the second time in the chest, which had triggered her first brief journey to the underworld. Yet never during the Nisirtu civil war had she begged for mercy or allowed a scream to cross her lips in front of her opponents. 
It didn’t matter. When the rod came down with the horrible whooshing sound and struck her left foot, the pain was indescribable. It was agony on an entirely new level. Her scream was horrid and unchecked as her upper torso arched upward and she cried to the heavens.  

Lilian, unseen, recoiled. The scream extinguished her fury instantly. She held the rod in one hand, as still as a statue, suddenly uncertain what to do. She had expected the rod would cause Fiela pain, but nothing like this. 
Do not be weak, she told herself. Have you not spectated at marathon tortures of your enemies? Have you not laughed at their cries for mercy? Would you be alive today if you had not instilled fear in your opponents? Surely you have heard louder cries than this?
“But this is your sister,” another voice whispered to her.
No, she could not stop at one strike. To do so would amount to surrender. Fiela would know that she had not done what she set out to do. She would never be able to reassert her authority.
She raised the rod and brought it down a again on the left foot, and then, wading through a nightmarish other-world that consisted only of Fiela’s screams and sobs and tremblings, struck the girl’s right foot twice in the same manner.
The scream that resulted from the fourth strike made Lilian drop the rod and stumble backwards, her hands over her face. The girl on the bed was sobbing uncontrollably, taking in deep, gasping breaths as her body shook from the affects of the four blows. She was babbling something unintelligible, seemingly half out of her mind. 
“You’re a sadistic monster, daughter of Sargon,” came the voice. “See what you have done to the only person who truly loves you?”
It was just four strikes, Lilian protested, and Fiela is so strong!  How could I have expected this?
The voice said, “You lie!  She is Nocte Sicarius - how could you not? You chose the most vulnerable part of her body to attack. Why not just thrust red-hot pokers into her eyes?”
Her hands shaking, Lilian sat down in nearby chair so that she would not do what she wanted to do, which was to fall down next to the girl and tell her how sorry she was for being such a beast. That, she could not do. It would defeat the entire point of the abominable, misguided exercise. 
Instead, she waited for Fiela’s sobs to subside and then went to the bathroom and ran a rag beneath warm water. Fiela watched her with horribly fearful eyes. When the rag was ready, Lilian climbed onto the bed and sat cross-legged next to Fiela’s shoulders and ran it tenderly over the girl’s face, cleaning up the spittle and tears and mucus that had collected there. 
“Please no more,” gasped the Peth, saliva dripping from her mouth. “Forgive me.”  
Fiela weakly reached out and took hold of one of Lilian’s exposed feet, and for a moment the woman was alarmed because she knew the Peth could, even in this sorry state, kill her effortlessly. The fear was unwarranted. The girl lowered her trembling lips and kissed Lilian’s foot in a ritual act of repentance. She kissed it repeatedly, tears streaming down her cheeks.
The woman let her because protocol required an act of contrition and because she knew the rite comforted Fiela. When Lilian finally rose, the girl’s panic reappeared.
“Shhh,” sounded the other woman, trying to sound imperious when in fact her voice was close to faltering. “I am done with the rod, Sister. I do not wish to damage the tools of your trade, not when my House depends on them. Though truly, you deserve far more than four strikes.”
“You are merciful,” said Fiela. She turned her face away and began to cry again.
“Please don’t cry,” said Lilian, distraught. “We are done.”
The girl gasped for air. “I’m sorry, I have…”
“What?” asked the woman mystified, but then she knew. At some point during the punishment, Fiela had lost control of her bladder.
“You are a witch, Lilitu!  A witch! You should have been murdered with your father!”
“It is my fault,” the older woman said, hurriedly untying the girl’s legs. “I stopped you…never mind. It is easily fixed, Fiela. Stop crying, please.” 
“A witch! A devil!  A WHORE!”
Freed, Fiela rose to her knees on the bed and frantically tried to pull the sheets from the mattress.
“No, Sister, no!” said Lilian. “The fetches will attend to that. I will tell them that a guest brought an infant here in error. There will be no questions.”
Fiela, the wadded sheets in her arms, said, “They will know.”
“Nonsense. What will they know? Do the walls have eyes?”
“Please,” pleaded the girl, who held the sheets to her chest in a death grip. “I can wash them in the tub.”
“No,” said the other woman.
The Peth bowed her head as the tears returned.
Lilian sighed. “Oh, very well, I shall attend to the linen. Go to the bathroom and clean up.”
Fiela reluctantly released the crumpled sheets and delicately placed her feet on the floor, yet winced as if it was covered in broken glass. After only two exploratory steps she fell to her knees with a guttural sound. As the girl began to crawl forward - to crawl you wretch!  - Lilian, now in tears herself, rushed over and helped her up, lifting and leading her to the toilet and there waiting on her. 
Concealing her face by looking at the floor, she said throatily, “Is it very bad?”
“It is not so bad,” Fiela answered stoically, but she winced as Lilian massaged one of her feet.
“I will get you some pain killers and run you a bath.”
“Thank you, Princess.”   
“Sister, Fiela.”
Several seconds passed. “Are we again sisters?” Fiela asked hopefully. 
“Would your sovereign kneel before you while you relieved yourself?”
This, at last, made Fiela laugh, though it was a choking, wheezing laugh. She said, “You must not do so, though. What if Ben should see you?”
“Oh, what does he care about our ways? He would roll his eyes and mumble some useless Ardoon wisdom and go back to his precious tablets shaking his head.”
Fiela sniffled, laughed again. “You are right. But truly, I have learned my lesson.”
Before the pang of guilt could mature, Lilian said, “Good. What else can I get that will comfort you?”
“Him,” Fiela said without hesitation.
Lilian faced her at last, no longer caring if Fiela saw her remorse. She swept away the moisture from her own cheeks. “I shall bring him here and tonight you shall sleep next to him.”
The Peth looked at her doubtfully. “It is not allowed.”
“Because you are serretu? Fiela, we are our own House, and in this House, it is allowed, if I allow it.”
“And he allows it.”
“Do you really think he will be opposed to sleeping next to you?”
The girl managed a small grin that warmed Lilian’s heart. “I do not think so. I think he would like it.”
“Then so it shall be. Now, are you almost done? How much wine did you drink, woman? You have peed an ocean!”


Part 5 - September 25th - Dawn

Anu granted him the totality of all Knowledge
He saw the Secret and discovered the Hidden
He told stories from before the Flood
He went on a distant journey
Pushed himself to exhaustion
But then was brought to peace.

The Epic of Gilgamesh (1300 B.C.)

Chapter 33 - Green Light

Moros bore a triumphant expression. “The Families have directed that Lilitu be stopped. Tonight we assault Ridley’s abode.”
Nizrok was flummoxed. “Stopped, Lord Moros? From what?”
“From whatever she is planning, obviously.”
Nizrok was baffled. “But surely you are wrong,” he protested. “I have read today’s scripts. There is no reference to such an attack.”
“Nor would there be, because those scripts are sent to the very people who must be killed. This will be ‘off the radar.’”
Nizrok held his arms out. “Then how shall the attack be orchestrated? How shall the Ardoon be manipulated without a script?”
“There will be no script and no Ardoon,” said Moros. “This will be an internal action. That is why you are here, Lord Nizrok. How many Peth-Allati are at your command in this region?”
Wide-eyed, the other Peth said, “We cannot attack another member of the Seven!”
Moros pulled a large envelope with a wax seal from the other side of the table and slid it toward the other man. “As of this morning, Lilitu is Maqtu, as are any who willingly associate with her. The Families have said so.”  
“Really? Why has Lilitu been designated as Maqtu?”
“That,” said Moros, less triumphantly, “I do not know. But it gives credence to my suspicion that the whore and her associates are planning something. I do not say that their plan would have worked - in truth, I cannot imagine what it is. Yet if the Families are aware of it and concerned, it is a matter that must be dealt with immediately. Tonight.”
Nizrok was troubled. “This is most unusual.”
“These are unusual times,” replied Moros solemnly. “How many troops do you have?”
“Here? Only my personal guard and commanders. Fifty-three Peth. You?”
“Fifty-nine.”
Nizrok frowned, not liking where this was going. His personal guard consisted of elite Peth whom he had hand-selected for their loyalty. The senior Peth of each kingdom, which included not only him but also Moros, Disparthian, Belusmar, and three others, were allotted up to sixty such guards. While well concealed, they were always near their master.  These elite guards also protected the praetors, the commanders of each Peth lords’s legions. Five praetors orbited each lord, and each commanded a thousand Peth around the globe at their master’s behest.
“Are you using Peth from any of the other kingdoms?”
Shaking his head, Moros said, “No. I can’t chance word reaching Lilitu, and the larger the operation the greater the chance that might occur. In truth, I have doubts about Belusmar, who seemed unenthusiastic when we last met. Disparthian is too insubordinate and there is no time to summon Peth from the other kingdoms. This mission will be carried out by you and me, old friend. But do not worry – you will not need to commit your praetors. The guards will suffice.”
“But do you think it prudent for us to send our personal guards on a combat mission? The Maqtu might be crushed as a fighting force but many of their assassins still roam the streets. With the collapse approaching, they will be particularly zealous. Besides, our guards are trained and equipped to protect us and defend our abodes - not to conduct assaults.”
Moros shook his head. “Do not underestimate our protectors. They were in the field conducting combat missions for many years before they became our guards. Granted, they won’t have the efficiency or coherency of a unit trained to conduct assaults, but consider our opponent!  A hotel full of academics and blue bloods. A hundred seasoned Peth are more than adequate for such a small operation, guards or not. Even with the bitch present,” he added, referring, the other man knew, to Fiela.
“Wouldn’t it be easier,” asked Nizrok, unconvinced, “to simply plant a bomb or two and set them to detonate during the reception?”
“Yes, but the Families desire the capture of Lilitu and her followers.”
“Capturing is far more difficult than killing.”
“True, but keep in mind that we have a particularly docile and lethargic target group. They will be like sheep in a pen once they have gathered for the reception.”
“What shall be done with them?”
“They are to be turned over to the Families for trial. Most will be executed while others, the politically useful ones, may be allowed to live. Deals will be made.”  The Peth sighed. “The politicians have spoken. Even Lilitu must be kept alive – for now. She is to be executed publicly, with much fanfare.”  
 “What of Ridley and Lilian’s husband?”
“They are to be killed on sight. The Families plan to remove the Ardoon from our history so a public execution is counterproductive, and the Sage is too well-loved to execute, so must be ‘collateral damage.’”  
“I assume Fiela will be turned over with Lilitu?”
The other man smiled darkly. “No. Fiela is to be mine. She is my reward.”
Nizrok understood that to mean that Fiela would be offered the choice of marrying Moros or being brutalized. Surely the man didn’t think it would be so easy, though? The girl would die before allowing either to happen. 
As off-handedly as possible, he said, “It goes without saying that we shall both be present for the surrender of Lilitu.”
Looking offended, Moros spread his arms wide and said, “My friend, we shall share that glory. In fact, you are to escort dignitaries of the other Houses to Steepleguard so that each of the seven kingdoms may share in the victory that marks the end of this epoch.”
“And the start of the next,” added Nizrok.
“Of course,” said Moros, studying the back of his hand. “That, too.”

Chapter 34 - The Poisoned Kiss

“Is everything in order?” asked Fiela, wiping her mouth with a napkin and looking at the script Ben held in his hand. As usual, she had placed her chair only inches from his, but today both of her feet were propped up on a stool with an ice bag applied to the soles.
“I wouldn’t call it order,” replied Ben. Ridley had brought him the script the evening prior and the researcher had made a point of reading every entry and comparing it to the latest news on the internet. 
Last night there had been no matches, though a few news articles suggested that events would unfold as the script required. This morning, reviewing the dozen or so newspapers that Mr. Fetch had brought him, in addition to articles on the internet, Ben found over a third of the events prescribed by the script had happened while he slept. 
He reviewed the list of matches he had scribbled on a piece of paper:
United States and China exchange harsh words. U.S. Congress votes to prohibit all imports from China until South China Sea conflict resolved. China promises ‘grave repercussions’ to American interests in Asia and has stated that exports to the U.S. and its allies are suspended indefinitely. Russia cuts off oil shipments to Europe to protest ‘foreign intervention’ in latest Baltic row. Venezuelan economy crashes after world currencies falter. Anarchists take credit for explosion at Center for Disease Control in Atlanta.
“More like disorder,” he said moodily. Dropping the script to the table, he turned. “Are you feeling better?”
“Yes, Mutu. I am sorry to have bothered you last night.”
“Bothered me? Fiela, I’d have been upset if you hadn’t sent for me. What did you say you dropped on your feet?”
“A barbell. I was exercising. It just slipped out of my hand.”  She pantomimed dropping the weight with her open palm. 
“That’s why you should wear shoes. You’re lucky you didn’t break any toes. Why don’t you put the ice bag on top of your feet?”
“It’s too cold there.”
“Huh,” said Ben, bending over to inspect her injuries. “You’re not even bruised. It must be those super genes of yours.” 
“Must be.”  Wanting to change the subject, she said, “Lilian told me she found you asleep in your study last night.”
“Yeah, I was more tired that I realized.”
“She said you were moaning.”
Ben nodded. “I had a dream. I don’t remember much.”  He looked at her. “I think you were in it, though.”
“Really?” asked Fiela excitedly. “What were we doing?”
Ben noted that she didn’t say, “What was I doing?”  She immediately assumed they were both in the dream. He tried to remember and came up only with an image of Fiela walking across a bridge of some kind. Her hands were covered in blood. He had a feeling she was looking for him but he was behind her, and when he called out to her she couldn’t hear him. He thought maybe Ridley was there, too, and another man, whom he didn’t know, but who seemed to know him. It was one of those dreams that wasn’t a nightmare but that had a very negative vibe to it. 
He said, “You and I were having a picnic in the park. Ants were on the food.”
The girl seemed mildly disappointed. “That’s nice. You were probably thinking of our trip the other day.”
“Probably.”  Yawning, the unshaven man pushed a half-eaten plate of burnt scrambled eggs away just as a flash of lightning shot in from the dining room window, making him wince. It was gloomy outside and rain was slapping the window in ham-fisted waves. A storm had moved in and was forecast to remain in the area for the rest of the day and most of the evening.
The girl put her head on his shoulder and picked up the script, turning to the Cuneiform version. She read for a moment before saying, “Uncle told me you were good with languages. Are you trying to learn Agati? I wish you would. I know my English sounds funny.”
Ben laughed. “Your English is perfect, Serretu. Far better than most native speakers. That’s what gives away the fact that you’re not a native speaker, actually.”
“I read a lot,” the girl explained, “but some of the writing is outdated. Poems from a hundred or two hundred years ago. The structure is different, and the words. I didn’t complete my courses because of the war.”  
Looking out the window at the purple and black clouds, Ben reviewed his discussion with Ridley the night before. “Perhaps you would read them aloud sometime.”
“Read what aloud?”
“The poems.”
“I do.”
“No,” he said, “to me.”
Fiela pulled back. “Really?”
“Why not? If you’re so fond of them maybe I’ll like them, too.”  He didn’t actually think so, but it seemed wrong that Fiela should be so taken by her poems and have no one with whom to share her interest.
The Peth was suspicious of her good fortune. “Truly, Mutu, you would want that?”
“Well,” he replied, pretending to lose interest, “not if it would inconvenience you.”
“It wouldn’t,” she replied promptly.
He took a sip of his coffee. “Then why not?”
“I shall, then. We shall go to the Great Hall each evening and I shall sit in your lap and read to you until you can take no more.”
Ben scratched at his stubble, wondering at the wisdom of his decision. “Hmmm.”
A few seconds later, Fiela said, “Mutu, do you not find me attractive?”
Ben squinted at her. “Fiela, you can’t be serious.”
“But you do, right?”
“Without question.”
 “Then why have we not...”
Embarrassed, the man said, “Well, it’s only been two nights, Fiela.”
“Three nights we have lain together, and what is wrong with the day, also? Why must my sister have a monopoly on your affections?
“Serretu, she doesn’t, trust me.”
The Peth studied the tablecloth and said, “Is it my scars? Do they repulse you?”
“Of course not. You’re a beautiful young woman, Fiela.”  He took a sip of his coffee and tried to change the subject. “You had nightmares last night, didn’t you?”  
“Yeah,” the girl admitted. She was embarrassed at how she had clung to him in the early hours of the morning, her body covered in a cold sweat. The terrors had been particularly vicious, sensing she was weak from Lilian’s application of the rod. 
Ben said, “You’re sleeping next to me again tonight.”
“Lilian will not permit it.”
“Yeah, well, apparently I’m the king and all that, so, you’re sleeping next to me. She’ll be fine.”  
In fact, he wasn’t sure Lilian was fine, even now. The woman had seemed unusually unhinged last night when she had come to his study to tell him of Fiela’s accident. She seemed distracted and confused, her eyes darting about the room as if there might be a predator hiding among the bookshelves. Then at two in the morning he’d awoken to the sound of a piano being played across the hall in the Queen’s Suite, a former VIP room that Lilian had transformed into a private “girl cave.”  He knew the song - Jelly Roll Morton’s The Finger Breaker. Lilian had pounded the keys at an angry, inhuman speed. 
When she returned to their bedroom she had reeked of bourbon.
Fiela said, “You will not tell her I asked for this?” 
“You didn’t, it’s my decision.”
“Thank you, Mutu.”
“And now you’re making me self-conscious…” he said, picking up a newspaper.
She kissed him on the shoulder and he readied himself for some additional pleas that they consummate the marriage, but Fiela simply gazed at him. There was something about her expression that gave him pause. It was an expression of…what? 
Love, he thought. A foolish and unrequited love. And resignation. He wanted to tell her it was his growing feelings for her that made it impossible to do what she asked. With Lilian it was all business. She needed her throne; he needed the tablets and the money she offered him. The sex was just part of the deal they had arranged to give each other what the other wanted. No harm, no foul. 
Fiela was not Lilian. The notion that he should start a sexual relationship with her merely to check one of Lilian’s boxes was abhorrent to him. Yet he was, he realized, breaking the girl’s heart. 
So that’s when he did it. Without even thinking and without warning he grabbed her and gently pulled her down into his arms.

Fiela let herself fall into Ben’s arms and shuddered when she saw his eyes, which for a millionth of a second were as brilliant as stars. Before she could question what she saw, he lowered his lips to hers. 
The kiss took her breath away. This, she realized instantly, was what a real kiss must feel like. Born of love and not lust. A three-dimensional kiss in a two-dimensional world. A kiss that was not a prelude but was instead its own celebration. A kiss that was better than even killing. 
If a kiss was like this, what might sex be like?
She dropped the tablet and reached up, putting her arms around the man’s neck to join the dance he had started, to kiss him as he kissed her. 
Then she felt it. 
The change. 
Not now!  Oh gods, please not now!
Her body ignored her pleas. She could feel her muscles constricting and her mouth going dry and the pain that always signaled the change. She could feel the taste of blood in her mouth and knew what that meant. 
Panicked, she recoiled and went stiff in the man’s arms.
Misunderstanding her reaction, Ben lifted his head. “Sorry,” he said, returning her upright to her chair. “I got a little…” He ran a hand over his face. “Ah…what am I doing…?”
“I’m sorry, Mutu!” she said, swallowing the blood that had pooled in her throat. She could see the pain and humiliation in the man’s face. 
He seemed not to hear her. “Don’t be. You don’t have to please me, Fiela. I know that’s what you’ve been taught, but it’s not true. It’s just Nisirtu propaganda. I’d convinced myself that you…” He grunted, disgusted. “Never mind. Lately I’ve convinced myself of a lot of things I should be questioning.”  
“But I want to!” she protested, reaching for him.
Ben stood hastily and put his hands on her shoulders. “No, you don’t. Not really. I took advantage of you. I’m sorry, Fiela.”  Ashamed, he turned his head left and right as if he suddenly wasn’t sure where he was. “I need to find your uncle,” he said, clearing his throat. “We’ll talk later, okay?”
Fiela shook her head as the tears came but he wouldn’t look at her. 
She reached for him again, but he was already gone.
 

Chapter 35 - Lilian’s Respite

At mid-morning a new caravan of cars, trucks, and vans began rolling into the Steepleguard parking lot. They brought with them dozens of room attendants, cooks, florists, and others needed to prepare the Great Hall for the reception and to tend to the wants and needs of the guests. The old hotel’s courtyard was a beehive of activity as men and women in a variety of uniforms hustled in and out of the main building carrying crates of food, wine, chairs, bed linens, towels, tablecloths, candles, and hundreds of other items, large and small. 
Lilian, dressed in jeans and a turquoise sweater, her hair in a ponytail, made her way through the swarm anonymously. She navigated toward a trail that started at a far corner of the estate and zigzagged up a forested hill, hidden from those below. She had walked this trail often as a girl, brooding over her future and concocting outlandish plans to gain her father’s stolen throne. None had been as outlandish as the one she had settled on as an adult, however. 
She had told Fiela she was going for a walk to clear her mind. As always, the Peth had been adamant that she be allowed to escort her. Lilian had refused and suspected the girl was watching her from some secret vantage point but she knew the Peth would not follow her, no matter how strong the urge. Fiela was helpfully obedient when given a direct command.  
Lilian suffered a quick, painful moment of doubt as she walked up the hill. There had been so much subterfuge that she had almost lost track of who knew what. A single indiscretion or mistake could unravel the entire scenario. Even if everyone did their part, and all that was scripted occurred, there remained a reasonable possibility that her plan could fail. 
She wished she could tell Ben about her plan but the fact that it relied heavily on deception would have only reinforced his current opinion that she was a conniving and deceitful woman. He was right, of course, but she had a lot more on her plate than the study of some old stone tablets. She had a throne to win and she would do whatever it took to win it. 
Almost. 
She had finally accepted that there was one thing she could not do. She could not beat her sister. Not again. Though she had tried to rationalize her failure to inflict the dozen lashes she had planned as a calculated move not to injure a valuable asset, a night assassin, she knew that to be a lie. She had not inflicted a dozen lashes because she lacked the willpower to do so. Fiela’s screams and tears had stopped her. 
It was a weakness, but she fortified herself with the promise that her love of Fiela would be the only one. Caught up in her thoughts, she walked to the end of the path, where she was surprised to find Ridley.
“Good afternoon, Lilitu,” he said as she approached. For once, he was not wearing his sweatpants and faded red robe. He instead wore a thicker yellow robe, woolen except for silk trim. A large hood was draped over his head.  
“Good afternoon, Scriptus,” said Lilian. “I am familiar with that robe. It is the one you wore while serving my father.”
Smiling, the man said, “I’m surprised you remember. Officially, I am prohibited from wearing it. But such things do not matter anymore, do they?”
“They do not,” the woman replied agreeably, “and the guests at the reception will be pleased to see the Great Sage in all his glory.”
The man’s smiled faltered. “Alas, that will not happen.”
“Why not?”
“Because I’m leaving, Lilian.”
The woman froze. “What?” she gasped, the blood draining from her face.
“My job here is done. My scripts have converged and there is no time for any others to be written. I am now more burden than benefit.”
Lilian shook her head vehemently. “No, no, no!  You cannot leave me!  Me, or Fiela! We need you now more than ever. Surely you can see that!”
Clasping his hands in front of him, the old man said, “You are wrong, Lilitu. This scenario is on autopilot and I have other commitments elsewhere.”
“Other commitments? Where?”
“Places you do not know.”
“But what shall I do? I have no other scribes. There will be no one left to guide the kingdom. Who will write my scripts? I must have scripts, Ridley!”
The scribe cocked an eyebrow. “Princess, do you doubt the efficacy of the ones that I have already set in motion for you?”
Lilian regained control and said more respectfully, “No, Scriptus, I mean only that this is…unexpected.”
“The events of the better scripts usually are. But do not worry. A scribe of unusual ability will be sent to you. Do not doubt my commitment to you, Lilitu.”
Lilian looked appropriately chastened. “I’m sorry, it is not doubt. It is shock. Why must you leave me?”
“Because while I am the author of many scripts, I am the actor in still others. I am summoned to be an actor once again.”
“Will you return?” The feeling of abandonment was overwhelming. Ridley was the last living reminder of her few happy days as a child and, she now realized, the living embodiment of her hopes.
“Perhaps, but it is an exacting voyage.”  He paused and said, “May I ask a favor, Princess, in return for what I have done for you?”
“I will do anything you ask.”
“Be kind to my niece, always. Love her as she loves you. I know that she can be burdensome at times. Stubborn, petulant, immature for her age…but if you are kind to her, she will improve and return your kindness ten-fold.”
The voice in her head returned. “Kindness? Tell him, you monster!  Tell him of her screams and sobs as you beat her for daring to sigh in your presence!  You, love anyone? You’re shit, Lilitu!  If only he knew!”
Putting her hand over her mouth and wondering if he did know and if that was why he was abandoning her, she said in a hoarse voice, “I have always considered her a sister, Scriptus, and I do love her. But will you not say goodbye to her? She will take it very hard if you do not.”
Ridley shook his head. “No. You see, in this way, I am a coward. I would not want her last memory of me to be of a sobbing, broken old man. Tell her only that I am going away to do something important and will return, soon.”
“Will you, though?” she asked, hoping for a more definite answer.
“All that matters is that you tell her that.”  
Lilian knew it was pointless to push the man. “Will you say goodbye to Ben, at least?”
Ridley’s expression was puzzling. “Definitely. I have some rather fantastic insights to share with him.”
That worried her. “Insights?”
“Yes. The Nisirtu world is much like the Ardoon world, Lilitu. It is not exactly as it appears.”
Lilian shook her head, “I don’t understand. Fantastic? What does that mean?”
“Ma’am?”  Ridley said, but he had switched from Agati to English, and his voice was wrong. It was a boy’s voice.
What the-?
Lilian swooned, steadied herself. Blinking rapidly, she looked around and saw that she was standing in the courtyard in front of Steepleguard. A teenage boy wearing a vest and bowtie stood before her holding a crate of oranges.
“Fantastic…” she mumbled, disoriented.
“Yes ma’am. Organic.”
She stared at the boy, who regarded her with concern. “Ma’am, can I help you with something?”
It was a moment before she found her voice. When she did, she mumbled, “Can you pull the rabbit back out of the hat?”
“Pardon me?”
The woman turned and buried her forehead in one hand. “Never mind.”

Chapter 36 - Lady Del

After leaving Fiela, Ben had gone upstairs to collect himself. Then he showered, shaved, and put on some decent clothes. By the time he returned downstairs to look for Ridley, a remarkably decadent “champagne brunch” had been set up in the Great Hall. Tables had been placed between the massive columns and on each were silver and chrome dishes. He examined the cards atop the silver holders that described the dishes: Cinnamon Oranges, Grillades, Strawberries and Chantilly Cream, and Spinach Frittata. 
What? No Eggs de Fiela? 
Ben had hoped to pass through the hall unimpeded but was almost immediately approached by two guests. The first was a man in his forties with a purple bowtie. With his dimpled chin, square jaw, and piercing eyes, he looked to Ben like a Hollywood leading man from the 1940’s. His name was Romini, the Earl of something or other, of the First Kingdom. 
With him was a slightly older woman, Lady Del, of the Eighth Kingdom. Ben mentally dubbed her ‘sexy First Lady,’ without really knowing why. Unfortunately, she was also what her own kind would call an ‘interminable bore,’ offering her unsolicited opinion on everything from fetches to investments. She had inquired as to the researcher’s plans should he find himself on the throne and he’d politely said he hadn’t given it much thought. 
It was a response the woman disapproved of. 
“How many serretu has Lilitu arranged for you?”
“Fiela is the only serretu,” Ben answered cagily. That was actually Ridley’s doing, of course.
“Only one?” asked Lady Del, making a ‘tut-tut-tut’ sound with her tongue. “It is unusual, having only the one serretu and to have her and your wife under the same roof with you. When the world quiets you should consider a few others and spread them throughout your kingdom. It is the best way to ensure your line is not lost to a single calamity.”
Ben pretended concern. “How many would you suggest?”
“Most noblemen have at least four.  A king should have a dozen or more. That way,” the woman said, “all of your eggs are not in one basket.”  She laughed, amused at her own wit.
“I see.”
“Of course,” she continued, “not all would be in the line of succession. To protect them, and yourself, you would secretly state in your will which among them would inherit and which would be returned to the citizenry. It is then in their best interest to ensure you remain alive, as their futures are quite uncertain otherwise. This arrangement also makes it extremely difficult for your enemies to select targets. They could spend months scripting the death of a serretu who is not even in the line of succession.”
Romini huffed,  “Better to just get consorts. They are far less troublesome.”
“But,” said the woman, “they cannot inherit and so do not extend his line.”
“Perhaps not his line but they’ll extend his life!  When was the last time a consort assassinated a king, eh? Three centuries ago! It is virtually a pastime for serretu and asatu!”  The man laughed. “You are fortunate, Ben, that you had Scriptus Ridley on your team. He ensured Lilitu was kept in check by making her reign dependent upon your life.”
Ben replied, “Actually, I believe that was an oversight on his part.”
“The Great Sage made an oversight?” asked the woman, giving him a skeptical look.
“Well, I doubt he would have planned it that way…” Ben trailed off, noticing that the earl bore an expression identical to the woman’s. “At any rate,” the researcher continued, “The negotiations for Lilian’s pardon occurred long ago. I was probably in elementary school then, so I was hardly on Ridley’s ‘team.’  Any man could have been her husband.”
“If you say so,” mumbled Romini, taking a sip from his glass.
The woman said, “Speaking of which, I’d like to introduce my daughter to you.”  She stood on her toes and scanned the room. “I saw her a moment ago.”
“Oh,” said Ben, taking a step back, “I should really-”
“She’s a sereti,” said Lady Del, stepping forward to fill the gap he had tried to create, “and just over thirty years old.  She is an admirer of many of the Ardoon. The new generation, you see. Open-minded but not gauche. She’s quite lovely.”
Ben, wondering what a sereti was, struggled for a response. He felt a hand slipping through the crook of his arm. 
“That would be Persipia, Lady Del?”
“Ah,” said the woman with an almost imperceptible flash of disappointment. “Lilitu. It’s so good to see you.”  The women exchanged kisses. 
 “My husband prefers that I be called Lilian.”
“As you wish,” said the woman with an uneasy smile. “Lilian. The earl and I were discussing some trivial matters with Benzira - Ben, rather.”
Lilian said, “I have just returned from a morning stroll. What of Persipia? Is she well?”
“She is here, even.”
“Then you must introduce her to Ben.”
“I would be glad to,” the older woman said, as if the thought had never occurred to her.
Lilian leaned forward. “Do you think Persipia would favor us by agreeing to serve as consort to my husband?”
Ben’s face went almost as white as Lady Del’s. 
“Ben,” Romini interjected, “are there any cigars in this place?”
“Yes, in my study,” said Ben. God bless you. “Follow me.”
When the two men were gone, the women again faced each other and began speaking Agati.
“Consort,” said Lady Del without inflection. 
“It is just that things have been moving so very fast. Ben lacks a single consort. It is quite unacceptable, don’t you think? He will at some point need someone from outside our home for companionship. Persipia is attractive and intelligent. A good sense of humor, too, or so I’ve been told. Much like her mother.”
Lady Del looked like she’d spied a cockroach in her drink. “Yes, thank you, but…consort? As you know, she has spent her life training as sereti, learning the skills requisite to serving as asatu to a noble. Or, perhaps, senior serretu.”
“I see,” said Lilian. “Then I wish you good fortune in your hunt for a suitor. It may prove a challenge in the coming days, but you are aware of that, I’m sure.” 
 The other woman weighed this. “Persipia may agree to serve as second serretu to a man of proper stature. She would have much to offer in that capacity. She knows all the right people and speaks several languages. She also has an incredible eye for fashion, which would any noble’s wife would appreciate.”
“She has many wonderful qualities,” acknowledged Lilian, “yet, she is thirty-one in a world of twenty year olds and, let us be frank, an eye for fashion in the next age will be less useful than the ability to sew.”  She shrugged. “It is a harsh reality, but there it is.”
“Consort,” the woman said again, as if by repeating the word it might become less repellent. 
“To a king,” said Lilian. “As you are aware, consorts may become serretu. In time.”
Lady Del tugged absently at one ear. “It is perhaps a possibility.”
“One wonders if it shall remain so,” responded Lilian with less warmth. “Your daughter is exceptionally beautiful but I am told she is weak-willed and requires constant supervision. It is no wonder that she is a decade short of forty years and has yet to find a suitable position.”
The older woman deliberated on this for a moment before replying, “There is no assurance Benzira will become a king, or remain one. If Persipia agreed to be consort this day, she could be killed tomorrow for treason by the other Houses.”
“Or if they fall and she rejects this offer, she may find herself ravaged by an Ardoon mob. Precarious times, these, but everyone must choose a side. I do not require an answer this second, Lady Del. You must confer with your daughter. If she is not agreeable, I will not hold it against her, but neither shall I grant her refuge if she appears at my gate.”  
“And if she were agreeable?”
“Send her to me.”
“Would your husband accept her as consort? He seems uncomfortable with our ways. How would you convince him?”
“I would tell him the truth, Lady. If he is not pleased to avail himself to Persipia then he need not do so.”
“But then why should he take her as consort?”
“Because to do so would please me. I love my sister Fiela as I love none other but she lacks refinement and a proper education. She knows almost as little about the nobility as my husband. It would be pleasant to have a noblewoman with whom to exchange ideas as we rebuild the Ardoon. I would certainly seek her input on many things.”
Lady Del ran a finger around the rim of her glass. “She would, in a sense, be an advisor, to you?”
“In a sense, yes, and I’m sure her presence would be beneficial to your family’s fortunes. But,” Lilian added, dropping her voice ever so slightly, “do not misunderstand me. She must still fulfill her role as consort.”
The other woman gazed a Lilian for a moment, trying to read the hostess’s thoughts and confirm her own suspicions. Finally, the lady said, “As consort to the king,” the woman said, pointedly. 
Lilian gave her a distressed look, as if the lady had just said something very stupid. “I’m sorry, I thought for a moment that we had an understanding.”  Pivoting, she said, “I have many things to attend to. Enjoy the brunch.”
“Wait!” the other woman said nervously. “I will speak to her!”
Looking bored, Lilian waved a hand in the air and said, “Do as you wish,” but as she walked away, she smiled.

Chapter 37 - Falling Rocks

They were, by the driver’s estimation, thirty-five miles from the turn that would take them to Steepleguard.  They had acquired a new BMW with all the amenities for the trip but the man at the wheel, dressed in a black silk suit and tie, hadn’t enjoyed the drive. He was unfamiliar with the steep, twisting road up the mountain. The fog and heavy rain had made every mile a white-knuckle nightmare. The skies were a rolling sea of gray and black clouds that too-frequently flickered white and blue, their booms of thunder rattling him. 
He wrestled with the steering wheel as the storm’s unrelentingly violent winds buffeted the car. The winds were the reason the helicopter flight to the top of the mountain had to be cancelled and the hellish drive was necessary. 
He glanced at his watch. It was a few minutes after three o’clock. 
“We’re fine, Sullin,” said Jathus, the woman next to him. She was dressed in a sparkling black evening gown, cut low to display a great deal of both her breasts and the diamond necklace dangling from her neck. “The attack isn’t for four hours. All we’re going to do until Lilitu’s surrender is to sit in the car and stare out the windshield.”
“Sorry,” the man said. “I don’t drive much, anymore. That’s what Mr. Fetch is for.”
“Enjoy it,” said Lord Nizrok from the seat behind him. “After tomorrow, you’ll have few opportunities to do so.”
“That’s right,” said Benidita, the other backseat passenger, a middle-aged woman who was dallying with her Rolex. “The cars won’t start after the EMP blasts.”
“Not that it would matter,” Nizrok added. “It will be impossible to find a road that’s not jammed with abandoned vehicles and corpses.”
“I know,” said Sullin. “But I hadn’t expected to spend the day before the end like this. I’d always envisioned myself sitting at my favorite Italian restaurant slowly drinking myself into a stupor and carb-loading. I’d even recruited an Italian cook as a fetch.”
“A good investment,” said Nizrok, pulling a cigar from a pocket and biting off the end. The aroma of the Cuban tobacco comforted him. The woman next to him wrinkled her nose disapprovingly but he didn’t care. He was a Peth lord whose troops were about to root out a serpentine rebel. If he wanted a cigar he was damn well going to have a cigar. 
Benidita, like the two people in the front of the car, was a dignitary from another House. She was from the Fifth, while Jathus was from the Eighth and Sullin from the First. The Seven had required representation from those kingdoms not participating in the attack to be present during Lilitu of Sargon’s surrender. 
Ostensibly the dignitaries’ presence was intended to show that the Seven were united in their opposition to Sargon’s daughter, but the Peth lord suspected that the other Families did not trust Moros and Nizrok to represent their interests when negotiating the surrender of the aristocrats who would be present. The First, Fifth, and Eight Kingdoms wanted their fair share of the fame and spoils that came with victory over Lilitu even though they had not committed a single Peth to the battle. The Fifth would undoubtedly stake a claim on Steepleguard when the smoke had cleared.
Not that there should be a battle. Lilitu’s guests were professionals, aristocrats, or tradesmen, and there had been no signs of troop movements anywhere around Steepleguard in the past forty-eight hours. The woods and hills around the old hotel were devoid of human life. If Lilitu had banked on bringing warriors in by helicopter, she had picked the wrong day for the reception. Nobody would be flying anywhere in this weather. 
“Road block ahead,” Sullin grumbled. 
Nizrok and Benidita leaned toward one another and peered through the windshield. The rain was relentless but between swipes of the wipers they could see a highway patrol car with its flashers on. It was parked on the other side of a collection of large rocks that had rolled onto the road from the muddy bank above them. 
Nizrok said, “No need for concern. Lord Moros and I have arranged for a few roadblocks to prevent Lilitu from calling in reinforcements and to prevent Ardoon involvement. Speak to the man in Agati.”
Sullin nodded. As they slowed to a stop, a state trooper in a fluorescent orange raincoat emerged from the other car and trotted over to the BMW, a battery-operated baton glowing orange in one hand. When he reached the car he tapped on the driver’s window. Sullin lowered it, recoiling from the icy rain that pelted his face. 
“Rock slide?” he asked, squinting to keep the water out of his eyes.
The trooper nodded. “Yes sir, one here and one about four miles further up. It’s a bad day to be on this road. The bank above is falling apart.”  He peered in, saw the other occupants, and said, “I’m guessing you folks aren’t hikers.”
“No,” said Jathus, switching to Agati. “We are representatives of the Seven come to witness the surrender of Steepleguard. Lord Nizrok is with us. You will let us pass.” 
“Right away, sir,” said the state trooper who was not a state trooper, also in Agati. “I’ll make sure no traffic is coming from the other direction. Please drive slowly. It really is dangerous.”
“I will,” said Sullin.
Switching back to English, the man in the fluorescent raincoat said, “Alright, you folks have a good day.” He trudged back up the wet road to the rockslide, fighting the wind. When he got to the boulders in the road he waved the orange baton toward the car before pointing it to the outer limits of the slide.
The driver cautiously moved the BMW into the oncoming lane of traffic and was focused on the policeman’s baton when Jathus suddenly gripped his leg.
“I know that man,” she gasped. 
“He’s from your House?” asked Sullin, mildly annoyed at her because he was trying to focus on the maneuvers necessary to clear the obstacles in the road. There were large boulders a few inches to the right of the car and a guardrail a few inches to the left. Driving between them with almost zero visibility was like threading a needle. 
“No, he was from my House.”
 The driver grunted an acknowledgement. 
“Sullin, he’s a rebel!  Maqtu!  Stop the car!”
“He - oh, shit!” cried Sullin, slamming on the brakes. He turned to warn the passengers in the backseat but it was too late. A spray of bullets shattered the windshield. One of the bullets sailed cleanly into the side of his skull above his left ear, scrambling his brain before tumbling out of his right jaw, showering the passengers in the back with blood. 
“Maqtu!” screamed the woman in front, reaching for her phone. A small metal canister rocketed through the shattered windshield before she could punch the panic button. The object hit the driver’s corpse in the chest before plopping into his lap and rolling to the floorboard between his feet. The hiss of escaping gas filled the car’s interior.
Jathus began to convulse.
Nizrok tried to open his door but the adjacent guardrail blocked it, just as boulders blocked the doors on the other side of the car. Cursing, he pulled his pistol and shot at the window next to him only to find that the bullet made a hole in the safety glass instead of shattering it. 
As Benidita screamed, the Peth leaned back and kicked at the window with his heels. It was too late. Millions of barbed particulates wafted up through his nostrils and into his lungs, where they released their payloads into his bloodstream. The muscles in his legs constricted and his chest emptied of air as Bendita’s screams became gargles and her body began to spasm. 
The Peth lord would never see the new world.

Chapter 38 - Duke of the Ordunas

After Ben had left her in the kitchen, Fiela had gone outside and found a remote iron bench where she could cry in peace and meditate on what had happened. When she was done she returned to the hotel and asked one of the servants that had come up from the city if they had seen Ben, describing him in detail. She was told a man matching her description was in the Great Hall with Lilian. Fiela went there immediately and was stunned at how much the room had changed since just the previous evening.
The most noticeable change was that the old reception desk at the far end of the hall had been transformed into an elevated platform. Thick planks of polished mahogany now extended from the edge of what had been the counter, where guests had once stopped to sign in and retrieve their keys, to the back wall, where the room keys had once been stored in cubbyholes. A gigantic scarlet tapestry hung on the wall above the platform, the angry face of a Lamassu at its center. Wooden steps, wide enough for four people walking abreast, led from the platform to the floor below. 
“A stage fit for a queen,” said someone behind her.
Fiela turned and saw the gaunt face of the elderly Duke of the Ordunas, known to his peers as Hobuk, looking down at her. A tall man, even by Nisirtu standards, he was dressed in a tuxedo with a white carnation in one pocket. His thinning hair was slicked back by something shiny that smelled like gasoline. A glass of champagne was trapped in his spidery fingers. 
“I would not know, your Grace, as I have never been invited to any court.”
The man swung his glass side to side and shook his head. “Young Fiela, you need not call me ‘your Grace,’” he said chidingly, as if embarrassed that she would do so. “A new day is upon us and like most of the Nisirtu around you, I have grave concerns regarding what it holds for me. Shall I be a duke in this new world? The Seven would have me think so, but I doubt it. Without an adequate supply of Ardoon and fetches, what shall I be, really?”
“You shall still be a duke of the Nisirtu,” protested Fiela.
The man raised his thin eyebrows. “In name, at least.” He saluted her with his glass. “You, on the other hand? Your uncle has planned your future very well. A position as serretu to a man who most here think shall be a king. Of course, the man is Ardoon-”
“Was Ardoon,” Fiela said sharply. 
“Indeed. Please forgive me.”  The man reassessed what he was about to say. “Yes, a dapper man, your husband. In fact, I suspect that somewhere in his family line there was a Nisirtu who illicitly improved the gene pool. I have heard he is wickedly smart.”
“He is,” confirmed the Peth, wondering whether Ben had Nisirtu blood in his veins. Perhaps that is why he was so unlike the other slaves? She found herself intrigued by the possibility.
“And yet,” continued Hobuk, “he is new to our ways. You must be careful to guide him if he becomes king. He will need your help.”
The girl shrugged. “My sister will advise him.”
“Ah, yes,” said the Nisirtu, looking troubled, “but you are the only serretu at the moment, and you will always be the senior serretu. There may come a time when…well, challenging days are ahead. Should you find that at some point you are in need of counsel, I would be happy to provide it.”
Fiela shrugged. “Okay.”
The man was nonplussed. “I mean only that, well, your sister does have enemies. Far more than you. That said, I personally wish her a long and prosperous reign.”
“As do I,” the Peth replied, tiring of the conversation and beginning to move away.
“Of course,” the duke said quickly, “I dare say that you are not without your own enemies. I’m sure you are aware that Lilitu’s more fanatical supporters might - and this is preposterous, I admit - but they might seek to have you removed.”
That caught the girl’s attention. “Me? You mean that they would have me killed? Why should they do that? I am but serretu.”
The nobleman waxed apologetic. “I do not mean to distress you, Fiela, but you must face facts. Lilitu’s legal status was better understood by the Seven than by even Lilitu until Barnum explained things to her. Were your husband to divorce her, she and her children would be marked. It is unfair but the law is the law. Thus, you would become queen and your children the only heirs to the throne. Not Lilitu’s.”
“So?”
“This legal predicament means that Lilitu is quite beholden to Ben. She cannot reign without him. Thus, it is impossible that she would ever, well, dispense with him, as has happened in the past. You are in a far different - some would say ‘more opportune’ - situation. Were - the heavens forbid it - anything to happen to Benzira, and he passed on to the underworld, you would be queen, since Lilian has no survivor rights.”
“I guess…”
“Yes, and thus, those who do not know you, nor your honorable ways, could unjustly conclude that you have nothing to lose and everything to gain by your husband’s untimely demise. Lilitu’s more fanatical supporters might have this opinion, for example. For them, you are a complication. They need Benzira alive yet they think you will ultimately kill him. That makes you a woman to be watched. For them, it would be far better if the king had no serretu.” 
Fiela’s face turned crimson. “I shall protect my husband with my life.”
“Oh, yes!” exclaimed the man, “You are Peth-Allati.”
“I love him!” blurted the girl, indignant.
This dumbfounded the duke but he recovered like a pro. “And I have heard that he loves you very much, also.”
Fiela gazed at him with suspicion. “From whom have you heard this?”
The Duke of the Ordunas replied, “It is widely acknowledged. There are no secrets among the Nisirtu, Fiela. It is known that he loves you, just,” he ventured, “as it is known he does not love Lilitu. Oh, he is fond of her, yes, but love? No. Can you see why her supporters would resent you for that and scheme against you?”
Fiela could. “Why are you telling me this?”
The duke looked from one side of the room to the other before leaning down and saying, “Because, Fiela, there are many here who would prefer that you be queen. You are a hero of the war against the Maqtu. You are respected and feared. Lilitu…well, she does have an unfortunate reputation. She is feared, certainly, but is that enough?”  
He leaned back and grinned thinly. “Do you not understand why you are so respected? You fought for your cause while others, including many of the people around you at this very moment, cowered. Do you not know what they call you, the citizens of the Seven?”
“The bitch?” she said, thinking of Moros.
“Ha! No, my dear.”
 “The edimmu?”
The man managed a half-smile. An edimmu was, to the Nisirtu and their ancestors, the vengeful ghost of a person who was not properly buried. Some called Fiela that because no matter how often she was killed, she kept coming back to haunt her enemies. The more superstitious among his kind believed the title to be more than a nickname.
“A few,” he said agreeably, “but what I meant to say is that some, even now, call you Annasa.”  
The duke winked at her and walked away, disappearing into a throng of laughing men and women near the hall’s entrance. As Fiela surveyed the room, she noticed for the first time that many of the guests were watching her surreptitiously. Some moved to avoid her glance while others stared back with indifferent expressions. She found herself wondering whom among them wished her dead and who wished her to be queen.
This, she realized, was Lilian’s world, not hers, and certainly not Ben’s, yet she dared not repeat to Lilian any of what the duke had told her. She would have to be careful about what she said and with whom she associated from this day forward, and she must warn her husband that, already, the daggers were being sharpened. 
If she could find him.
Her new sense of foreboding notwithstanding, the Peth found herself in surprisingly high spirits. “It is known that he loves you,” the duke had said, and “It is widely acknowledged.”  That the other Nisirtu knew Ben loved her made it more important than ever that she find her husband and make things right. She would explain to him what had happened this morning. 
He was an intellectual, she reminded herself. He would not be appalled by her condition; of the change. She imagined that when she finally found him and told him the truth that he would just nod patiently and smile and say something like, ‘That’s interesting,’ and then he might ask a few questions or offer some scientific explanation of why the change occurred. He would laugh at her hesitance to be honest with him and then he would forgive her and maybe he would want to kiss her again.
Maybe he would tell her that he loved her.

Chapter 39 - Shock Troops

Shock troops from the 4th and 10th Peth-Allati ascended the mountain in eight non-descript recreational vehicles that were dispatched from Denver at twenty-minute intervals.  Each RV carried a squad of men and women who were dressed not as soldiers, but eco-tourists, some wearing denim shorts and others cargo pants, some tee-shirts and others sweat shirts. Some wore ball caps or bandanas. Most wore high-end hiking boots and all carried oversized backpacks.  It was in their backpacks they the Peth carried their combat armor, assault gear and weaponry, some of it disassembled.
The RV’s discharged their occupants into a small gravel lot located at the foot of a state nature trail. The trail was seven miles in length, climbing up through the dense forest to a small waterfall before circling back and descending to an exit point twenty yards from where it began. The Peth made use of only the first three miles of the trail before diverging from it and moving through a long gully that would eventually take them to the hills overlooking the old Steepleguard Hotel.
A script had been issued closing the trail to tourists due to “unsafe conditions” caused by the heavy rains that had begun the evening before and continued even now. Colonel Rudger, Lord Moros’s senior guard and the Peth responsible for leading the contingent to Steepleguard, was of the opinion that the Nisirtu had inadvertently done the Ardoon a favor. While conditions were not exactly unsafe, they were definitely not suited for admiring nature’s wonders. The dirt trail shown on his maps had morphed into a rushing stream with banks so muddy that his boots were sucked six inches into the earth with each ponderous step. The ceaseless downpour and pockets of mist limited visibility to twenty feet.
It had taken the century of Peth most of afternoon to reach their staging point, a clearing a quarter mile from the wooded ridge at the perimeter of Steepleguard.  Rudger checked his watch when they arrived and saw that it was 1645 hours. The reception was still more than two hours away. He moved forward with a scout to survey the grounds below and saw the giant building that he had become so familiar with through photographs, satellite images, and drawings. Parked near the entrance were dozens of vehicles and semi-trailers around which buzzed a seemingly endless throng of Ardoon workers. 
Worker bees, Rudger thought contemptuously, bringing pollen to the queen inside the hive.
He summoned his platoon leaders to his side to allow them the opportunity to lay eyes on their target and then sent them back to brief their squad leaders. When they were gone he pulled out his phone and texted “96” to Lords Moros and Nizrok, notifying them that he and his troops were in position and ready to attack when the signal was given.
Then, he waited.

“Fiela,” said Lilian, “I cannot find our husband. It is two hours until the reception. Have you seen him?”
“No,” the girl replied. Not since I humiliated him. “He went looking for him this morning and I have not been able to find him since, nor uncle. They must be together somewhere.”
Lilian bit her lip and met the girl’s eyes. “You will not find your uncle.”
“What do you mean?”
“Scriptus Ridley has left Steepleguard.”
This shocked the girl, who said nothing for a moment. Then, “Why?”
“He said his mission was done here and that he had another to accomplish elsewhere.”
“When will he return?”
The woman ran her fingers gently through the girl’s red locks. “I spoke to him only briefly. He was quite hurried but said he would try to return as soon as possible and asked that I extend his love to you.”
Fiela’s glossy eyes shifted to some imaginary object behind Lilian. “Did he say what task he had to accomplish?”
Lilian could see the Peth’s sadness. “No, but Sister, do not concern yourself. He is far older and wiser than you or I. Whatever he is doing, it is in our best interest. He would not leave, otherwise.”
“I know,” said the girl, “yet he is my only relative. I should have liked to have said goodbye.”
Lilian lifted the Peth’s chin. “He is certainly not your only relative. Am I not your sister and is not Ben your husband?”
This brought the glimmer of a smile. “Yes. I did not mean that.”
“Think also that in the coming years we will have sons and daughters to share our lives with. Shall they not be our relatives?”
“I should hope they are,” laughed Fiela through the tears that she vainly attempted to blink away. More tears, she lamented. First for Ben and now for her uncle and sometimes for parents she couldn’t even remember. Was everyone she loved destined to disappear? 
She swept both eyes with the back of one hand, succeeding in only smearing the wetness. “I should like that, if our husband is agreeable.”
“Sister,” said Lilian firmly, “I have no doubts that our husband will want to have children with you. What a silly idea, that he would not. We shall have many children because we shall need many princes and princesses and dukes and duchesses to govern our kingdom.”
Fiela looked surprised. “I shall be the mother of a prince? I had not thought of that. A week ago I hoped merely to keep my life.”
The other woman said, “We must both endeavor to stay alive. That will, in truth, be a challenge in the days to come.  But if we do, the world is ours. Truly - the world!”
“And the Nisirtu shall be restored, uncorrupted,” said Fiela, “and the Maqtu destroyed.”
The women embraced and Lilian said, “It shall be done.”  She lowered her eyes and said, “Are you well?”
Fiela wondered whether she should tell her sister about what had happened at breakfast. Lilian would know how to deal with such a situation, wouldn’t she? But the Peth could not compel herself to do so. The humiliation of her failure was too great. “I am near fully recovered,” she said. “Thank you for your mercy and kindness.”

Chapter 40 - Flashback

Ben had fled Lady Del and returned to the refuge of the cave earlier in the afternoon.  He had no clue what the coming reception entailed but Lilian had told him that his only function was to stand with her and Fiela for a few minutes on the newly constructed stage. It was a task that required no preparation and he was anxious to escape the constant attention of the guests.
He walked across the cave’s elevated floor to the tablet repository as the lights overhead flickered to life and slapped his hand on the porcelain panel next to the door. The familiar whirring and clicking followed as the metal bars that held the door in place retracted back into the wall. Pulling open the door, he saw, to his surprise, Ridley. The scribe was sitting at the oak table in a yellow robe, one elbow propped up on a large leather book that Ben had not seen before.
“Nice robe,” Ben said. “If you took that from one of the rooms, we’ll have to charge you for it when you check out.”
Ridley laughed. “I brought it with me. Interesting that you’d raise the topic of me checking out, however.”
Walking in, the researcher said with less levity, “You can’t be serious.”
“I am. I’ve already told Lilian and asked her to tell Fiela, since I am not man enough to do so.”
Ben leaned backwards against one of the cabinets and crossed his arms. “You’re going to leave Steepleguard a day before the earth devolves into anarchy? Why?”
“Because it is scripted.”
Ben huffed and shook his head. “No, Ridley. I’m Ardoon, remember? Or ‘recovering Ardoon.’ Take your pick. ‘It is scripted’ doesn’t fly with me. What’s up?”
Ridley smiled crookedly. “Perhaps I have become too reliant on my reputation with the Nisirtu. ‘It is scripted’ usually feels them with awe and sends them packing. Alright, Ben, let’s talk. That’s what I’m here for, anyway.”
The other man nodded, signaling the scribe to continue.
“Let me pose a question to you, nephew. What is more dangerous to a man? A devil who entices him to be evil while being completely truthful about what evil is, or a devil who poses as an angel and entices a man to be good but then manipulates him into thinking that fifty-percent good is one hundred-percent good?”
Ben thought for a moment. “I don’t see how one-hundred percent evil can be less dangerous to man than fifty-percent good.”
“Really? In the first case the devil is honest and offers the man an honest choice. In the second he lies and guarantees that the man will forever march toward the wrong objective, assuming the man’s objective is to be as good as possible. You are saying the truth is more dangerous than the lie?” 
“I’m saying that fifty-percent good beats zero-percent good.”
“It is the lie that allows fifty-percent,” the scribe reminded him.
“Then I’d guess the lie is better. The truth is more dangerous than the lie. Is there a point to any of this?”
The scribe patted the book beneath his elbow and appeared to be lost in thought. At length he said, “You have been understandably upset with Lilian and me for bringing you to Steepleguard without fully disclosing our motives. You think that we have taken advantage of you to further our own agendas.”
Ben distended a cheek with the tip of his tongue. “That’s a fair assessment. I am slightly less pissed with you two as of late because I’ve accepted that civilization is about to fall apart and I’m short the martyr gene, but yes, you have misrepresented your purpose for bringing me here. You also tricked me into signing a document that I thought meant nothing but which apparently makes me responsible for Lilian’s very life. You - or Lilian - plan for me to be a king, though as best I can tell, I’ll be king over ‘not much’ and ripe for an assassin’s bullet about six hours after I sit my Ardoon ass down on the throne. 
“About the only thing you’ve been honest about is the existence of the tablets,” he said, motioning at the cases behind him, “though your stories of mystical tongues and monsters taint even those.”
“Only if they are stories,” challenged the scribe.
“That’s right,” conceded Ben, “but since there is no possibility of me translating them before your departure, I won’t belabor that point.”
Ridley said, “Actually, I can tell you almost anything you want to know about what’s written on the tablets. What they say, that is. I am still confounded by what they mean.”
Ben reared back and eyed the scribe suspiciously. “Are you saying that you already know how to read them?”
“I never said I couldn’t.”
Ben’s jaw hit the floor. “You brought me here to decipher them!  You paid me ten million dollars to do it. More, actually.”
The man in the yellow robe said, “A small bit of subterfuge. In fact, I completed my translation soon after the tablets were found. It was what you might call an ‘epiphany event.’  My brain is apparently wired in a way that allows the Empyrean Glossa to escape its neural cage when my mind is properly stimulated. My exposure to the tablets provided that stimulation, breathing life into what had been lifeless - the language of the gods.”
Ben looked at the other man skeptically. “If you understand what’s contained in the tablets, why am I here?”
“Do you not have a suspicion? Is not some thought forming in the back of your mind?”
In fact, there was, but Ben knew it would be a long time before the nebulous form became anything identifiable. “Enlighten me.”
“Very well. You asked me once whether I brought you to Steepleguard for your research skills or because Lilian needed a husband. I said both. In truth, the answer is neither. Nor did I bring you here to marry my niece, though I am grateful for that commitment.  Understandably, you think that you have been sucked into an ongoing script as a supporting player. You think that the script is beyond your comprehension.”
“That’s right.”
Ridley’s eyes sparkled. There seemed to be a yellow light behind them. “What if I told you that you were not brought here because of the script? What if I told you that the script exists because of you?”
“I can’t even guess what that means.”
“It means, among other things, that I did not choose you as Lilian’s husband. I chose her as your wife.”
“What?”
The old man continued, counting off items on his fingers. “You will not be king because you bear the signet of Sargon; you bear the signet of Sargon because you are destined to be king. I did not choose you to study the tablets because you are an ancient language expert; you are an ancient language expert because of the tablets.” 
“Wait, wait, wait,” interrupted Ben, annoyed. “What was that last one? I’m an expert on ancient languages because of the tablets? Ridley, I had never seen the tablets before I came to Steepleguard and I certainly can’t read them.”  He studied the man. “You’re beginning to worry me.”  
In fact, the former Ardoon was beginning to think that senility had finally begun to afflict the Great Sage. Was that why he was going away? Did he recognize the symptoms of dementia and decide to go quietly into the night while he still had his wits about him instead of lingering at Steepleguard until he had to be reminded who he was? 
Ridley seemed to read his mind. “Don’t worry, nephew. I’m not senile - not yet. I am giving you an accurate account of why you are really here. I am the only one who knows the truth, you see. Lilian does not, nor Fiela, nor anyone else in the Nisirtu.”
He caressed the leather book on the table and said, “You are mistaken about not having seen the tablets before. In fact, you studied them long ago and you mastered them. It was stunning to behold. By my estimation, fewer than one in a billion people on the planet have brain configurations that make it possible to do what you and I can do.”
Ben shook his head disgustedly and turned and opened the cabinet behind him. He withdrew a tablet, stared at it, and looked at Ridley triumphantly. “You know what I see, Scriptus? A bunch of colored lines that look like they were made by a tattoo artist revved up on speed. No language. No Empyrean Glossa.”
“That’s because I made you forget, Ben. I used the Empyrean against you. You could have easily prevented me from doing so, of course. A scorpion cannot be killed by its own sting.  But you agreed it was necessary and found a way to lower your mental shields and to let me do what had to be done.”
“Ridley, that’s more hocus-pocus. More metaphysics. This has got to end.”
The scribe continued as if Ben had not spoken. “I blocked not only your memory of the tablets and the language, but of me, your mentor. It had to be done. You agreed that it is unwise to unleash upon the world a boy with the power to make everyone around him do and believe whatever he wishes. The power terrified you. Of course, I did not and could not delete the language. It remained in your mind, primal and restive, which is why you have always been drawn to the study of languages and have always excelled at them.”  Grinning, the scribe said, “You had a built-in cheat-sheet.”
Ben was about to object when Ridley spoke a word. It hit the researcher like a sledgehammer to the chest and he slid instantly to the floor, moaning. A wave of nausea swept over him as his vision blurred. 
“I’m removing the block,” said the old man above him. “I’m afraid it will be an unsettling experience but there’s no way around it. It’s rather like detox and will take a few hours. I am speaking to you, even now, in Empyrean, compelling the dormant neurons to re-ignite.”
The researcher, already one the floor, fell to one side. The room was spinning and he grabbed a display cabinet’s legs in a vain attempt to stop it. Fragments of memories sparked to life inside his head. Spirals unwound themselves like dragons uncoiling their tails. 
“Why?” he moaned.
“Because I have been told to do so,” said Ridley. “We all have masters, Ben. This is my role in a script not of my making. It is a far larger, more complex script than anything I have ever attempted. It is one of a seemingly infinite number of scripts tied together into a single scenario that commenced with the birth of this reality. I do not know how it ends. I cannot see the convergence point, though I have been told it is almost upon us.”
Ben retched as the world picked him up and slammed him back to the ground. He looked at the scribe and said accusingly, “The Seven…” 
Ridley looked amused. “The Seven? Me? No, no. Unlike you, nephew, they are truly pawns. As was Lilian’s father. I was the one who spoke the words that drove King Sargon mad, convincing him that a foreign god was threatening his kingdom. I fed his nightmares and spoke the words that convinced him to rebel against the other kingdoms. I was the one who, at my trial, spoke the words that planted the seeds of destruction in the minds of seven monarchs – seeds that would grow into a conviction that the world must be brought to an end.
“I spoke the words that ensured three kings would rebel. The war between the Maqtu and Seven was necessary to thin out the ranks of both, you see. The script that still runs will make them weaker still. The planet will be ripe for the plucking tomorrow, Ben. It will be ready for you.”
“Ready for me?” mumbled the man on the floor. “What am I supposed to do with it?”
Ridley put his elbows on his knees and leaned forward. “Whatever you like, Ben. Save lives or take them. Feed the hungry or raid the homes of the poor. Build churches or kill priests. The script only calls for you to rule. How you rule is up to you. 
“Know this, however: A great power will soon spread from the opposite side of the world towards Steepleguard and it will take everything that you do not. It is a power waking from a long sleep, even now. It is readying itself. It will take what you discard and will fight for what you call your own. The choice to do nothing is a choice unto itself, and there will be consequences, so do not think that you can write yourself out of the script. Without you the Fifth Kingdom falls and humanity will suffer whatever the other wishes it to suffer.”
Ben moaned in agony as the lines unraveled in his brain like a giant, industrial spring. His head felt like his head was being cracked open from the inside. The last broken and unfocused words he mustered before the blackness were, “Who is your master?”
 Ridley smiled sadly. “The truth, Ben? I don’t know. Do you?”


Part 6 - September 25th - Dusk

Her band was shattered, her troupe broken up;
And the gods, her helpers who marched at her side,
Trembling with terror, turned their backs about,
In order to save and preserve their lives.
Tightly encircled, they could not escape.
He made them captives and he smashed their weapons.
Thrown into the net, they found themselves ensnared;
Placed in cells, they were filled with wailing;
Bearing his wrath, they were held imprisoned.

The Enuma Elish (1100 B.C.)

Chapter 41 - Lilitu’s Speech

A few minutes before the reception was to begin, Fiela approached Lilian and said, “I cannot find our husband anywhere. Has he abandoned us?”  The girl was beside herself with worry. 
Lilian concealed her own concern. “Why should he do that?”
Because I made a fool of him, thought Fiela guiltily, but she said, “Maybe he longed for his old life. Perhaps he thought we were lunatics and finally made his escape.”  
“Are you certain you have looked everywhere?”
“It is impossible to look everywhere. Steepleguard is too large. The tablet vault is locked but no one answers the buzzer, so he must not be there, and he is not in his study…”
“You must suspend the search for now. It is time for the reception. I will tell our guests that Ben is with Scriptus Ridley discussing matters of import. They will accept that so long as we can present him afterwards.”
“I do not like appearing in front so many people,” admitted Fiela, thinking of the Duke of the Ordunas and the eyes that had watched her every move earlier in the day. 
“You need only introduce me. I will do the talking. You look wonderful, by the way.”  Fiela was wearing a sleeveless scarlet dress that extended to her knees and that amply - perhaps too amply, thought Lilian - presented her cleavage. Her red hair was tied up in a bun. A pair of black pumps dangled from the fingers of one hand. “But you must wear your shoes.”
“They are uncomfortable,” the girl complained, but she put them on. 
“Are you armed?”
“Of course.” Fiela motioned at the small of her back where Lilian saw a handgun tucked into an almost invisible pocket at the back of the dress. “And I shall have the spear with me, as required by the ceremony. I still think I should be in uniform. I am your guardian.”
“We have discussed this. You are serretu first and my guardian second. What would those assembled think if their future king’s serretu, the prospective mother of princes and princesses that will govern them, was introduced wearing a combat uniform? You might as well walk in with a cigar in your mouth. Have you spoken to the fetches’ superiors?”
“Yes. They know to be inside the building no later than 7:30 and they will be confined to the banquet hall. But why is that required of them?”
Lilian had practiced the lie. “I do not want Ardoon wandering the estate at night. It is a security risk.”
Fiela nodded as if this made sense, though she wondered how they would be any less a security risk inside the hotel.
“Now,” said Lilian, “ready yourself for the ceremony. Remember, only Agati is to be spoken tonight - no English. There are too many Ardoon around us.”
“Yes, Sister.”
Lilian put a hand on Fiela’s shoulder. “Do not be so glum. Tomorrow a new world is born.”

Fiela descended into the Great Hall from the left staircase. Diagonally across her body she carried a seven-foot spear consisting of a gold shaft and iron tip from which hung silk streamers of various colors. Lilian, dressed in a purple sequin dress, sleeveless but modestly cut just above her knees and below her neck, followed. Diamonds and rubies glittered on chains about her wrists and neck.
As Fiela entered the Great Hall, a hush fell over the hundreds that had gathered. She led Lilian up the stage and with the older woman standing a few feet behind her, slammed the base of the spear into the wooden stage seven times, sending thundering booms throughout the hall. 
She yelled, “Behold the Nisirtu, Lilitu of Sargon, Regis Filia, Rightful Annasa of the Fifth Kingdom, Dominus of the Ardoon, Savior of the Nisirtu, and Vanquisher of the Maqtu.” There was a smattering of untimely applause that died quickly.
She slammed the spear into the mahogany planks again as she took in a new breath. “Behold, Lilitu of Sargon, Charge of the Great Sage and Asatu to the Heir of Sargon.”
Looking over her shoulder, she saw Lilian nod. Fiela knew that she had done what was required of her and was preparing to step back when she saw the Duke of the Ordunas standing near the stage. Staring directly at him, she slammed the spear into the stage once more and said, “Behold, my sister, whom I love!”  
There were murmurs in the audience and a few confused looks, as this was not part of the required ritual, but then the throng applauded enthusiastically, some shouting, “Well done, Fiela!”  One person in the back of the room yelled, “And behold the Edimmu!” which resulted in some polite chuckles. The duke expressed a sudden interest a cufflink.
Lilian moved forward, touching the Peth on the back in gratitude as she cocked an eyebrow and whispered, “Nice improvisation.”  She kissed her on the cheek and Fiela retreated to the back of the stage, where she stopped and rested the spear against her chest. Her heart was beating so fast she thought it might explode. 
Standing in front of the giant red Lamassu tapestry, Lilian scanned the assembly before her. She was pleased by what she saw. Yes, a few dignitaries were missing, as she had expected, but most of the important people were there, in addition to select members of the citizenry. Three hundred and eighty seven handsome, impeccably dressed men, women, and children, the future of the Nisirtu, gathered to watch one era of humanity end and another begin. 
And they trusted her to usher them into the new era. 
The power she felt was electrifying. She had spent over two decades under what amounted to house arrest. True, a rather lenient and indulgent form of house arrest, yet there had been no doubt that she was on the periphery of the great circle, a planet in the smallest and outermost system in a galaxy full of shining stars. 
The Nisirtu standing before her were, by and large, the secret allies of her father who had escaped the broad net of his usurpers.  She knew that some were loyal to the blood that ran through her veins. Others supported her because they distrusted the Seven for undermining the Ardoon that they ruled and required for their subsistence. Still others, she knew, were admirers of Scriptus Ridley. Even King Sargon’s enemies treated Ridley with respect, so when the scribe had covertly announced his support for Lilian, others had fallen in line, even if they thought her father mad and her a megalomaniac whore. 
Lilian did not care why those assembled had placed their futures in her hands. She only cared that they had.  
Taking inventory of the audience, she determined that she would get the best results with a rant against the Ardoon. She didn’t want the hawks thinking she was weak and even the moderates loved the occasional fire-and-brimstone sermon.  Her position would be that the Seven had the right idea but the wrong approach. It was their approach she opposed, not their hard line against the Ardoon. The collapse was inevitable now. There was no point in railing against it. 
Silly games, these, she thought, but as Ridley had said, the people love a good show.

She began, “Thank you all for coming to my reception.”  There were a few laughs at the inside joke and she grinned. “My husband is in conference with Scriptus Ridley about matters of great importance, so I will take this opportunity to say a few words about why we are really here: The end of this era, and the start of a new one.
“The sun rarely sets on humanity as a whole. The weeks and months to come will be a terrible shock to the Ardoon. For centuries they have experienced nothing but forward progress and so have forgotten that the thing they call civilization is an artificial construct, a flickering flame that can at any moment be extinguished. They have become vain, thinking that it is their birthright to have a stable and fruitful existence and that the blackness they emerged from can never reclaim them.
“The Ardoon of today are in some ways even more slavish than their ancestors. They have many more masters yet they have deluded themselves into thinking they are free and independent. Their toy phones and computers and the internet have given the slaves the ability to speak to one another instantly, and to share ideas, and to communicate, and they imagine this enhanced ability to babel is power. They have said, ‘Who can stand against us, when we are united? Social media is more powerful than any government and with it we can topple kingdoms.’  They point to the so-called ‘Arab Spring’ as evidence of this, as well as the toppling of some insignificant Ardoon institutions. 
“Having misconstrued the toppling of a few small governments that had been scripted to topple, they have grown cocky and think themselves gods. Now they say, ‘It is unfair that we do not have what our masters have. They are one and we are ninety-nine. Why should they have more than us? Let us unite so that no government and no kingdom may rule us!  Let us become like our masters. Let us invade their world and claim it and distribute the spoils of our plunder amongst our own kind. For if we are ninety-nine and they are but one, surely it is right that that we do so.’”
There were murmurs of disgust in the audience.
“This is what happens when masters share their prosperity with their slaves. The slaves do not love their masters for what they are given but rather resent their masters for what they are not given. The Ardoon of today have leeched off the achievements of their superiors far too long. If not stopped they will raid field and factory and gorge themselves with food and toys and luxuries, and when it is all gone, and their masters are dead, they will cry ‘More!’”  
She stared at those below her for a long second before saying quietly, “But there will be no more.”
Nods and whispers of agreement greeted this pronouncement. 
“Only the guiding hand of the true and uncorrupted Nisirtu has allowed humanity to progress to its current state. The human cesspool in this country idle away their time texting or emailing or calling one another on their shiny toys to babble incessantly about every second of their miserable, directionless lives. It is like the grunting of pigs in pens. They send endless streams of photos of themselves to their slave friends. And do you know why they do this? Because their lives have so little meaning that they secretly wonder if they even exist.”
Lilian pantomimed holding a phone to her ear. “Did you get the selfie of me eating that fish taco, Chad? Yeah? And was I in it? Are you sure? Good, just checking!”
There were a few chuckles and grins.
“The problem,” continued Lilian, “is that we have allowed the Ardoon to ascend Maslow’s pyramid. They are consumed with the need to improve their self-esteem and to self-actualize. They cannot do this, we know, because they are trespassing into the realm of the Nisirtu. Their proper place is at the base, where they are fated to scurry for food and clothing, humping like dogs and following their carnal desires wherever they might lead. Even the Ardoon elite, their pathetic rulers, equate toys and money with power, not understanding that power is a thing unto itself. They make this error because they share the genes of the animals they rule. You can put a suit on a slave but he remains a slave!”
Lilian exhaled and took a few steps before continuing. “Well, the zenith of the Ardoon has finally arrived. Humanity shall rise no higher because the Nisirtu have grown weary of the Ardoons’ wicked ways. The Families have rightly said, ‘The Ardoon seek to become like us, so we shall confound and silence them. We will take from them their precious internet. We shall destroy their phones, radios and televisions. Let us further deny them electricity, and water, and engines, and farms, and medicine, and security. Let us return them to their natural state so that their eyes will be reopened to the reality of their pathetic existence. They are not gods nor masters and they are certainly not Nisirtu!’”
The condemnation was welcomed with enthusiastic applause. Lilian gave it a moment to die down before continuing.
“Now, as a loyal member of the Seven I would never object to the actions of our Families…” she said tongue-in-cheek. The room erupted in laughter. She smiled sheepishly. 
“But were I to have an objection, it would be that the Nisirtu should be united in this monumental undertaking. Why should the Seven not seek peace with the Maqtu? Why do they continue to war against their own kind, even now, when the scripts are irreversible? The Seven have won. The Maqtu are defeated. The proper thing to do – the Nisirtu thing to do – would be to humbly accept the swords of the defeated Families - to restore them and offer them a seat at the great table. Is it just that three ancient and noble kingdoms should be destroyed or made vassals for opposing a strategy they viewed as suicidal? Wrong or right, their only sin was to seek the preservation of the Nisirtu.”
Again murmurs of agreement rose from those gathered in the Hall.
“I need not remind you learned people that there was also dissent amongst us as to when to end the empires of the Persians, Greeks, and Romans. We were almost split in two when arguing the creation of the United States. The introduction of communism was debated for decades!  And need I mention the problems with Germany at the start of the previous century?”
There was boisterous laughter throughout the gallery. Lilian made a face. “That is why one does not return sour milk to the refrigerator.”
When the laughter had subsided, she said, “And yet somehow our ancestors found a way to come together and keep the Nisirtu intact. Yes, we have had our wars. I know that better than anyone here.”
There was an awkward stillness below her.
“No, truly. My father warred against the other Houses and I have suffered for it. Yet the Fifth Kingdom was not abolished even after my father was usurped. It is regrettable that my own kingdom now seeks to marginalize or destroy three of the kingdoms that had beneficently allowed it to remain intact only two decades ago.”
She shrugged. “Well, it does not matter now, does it? This civilization is at an end. In a hundred years, or a thousand, it will be forgotten. Consider the fate of the Olmec, the Mycenaens, the Minoans, the Anasazi, and hundreds of other civilizations that tested the patience of the Nisirtu. Even today Ardoon historians and archaeologists are unable to explain how such seemingly advanced societies could fall and their populations vanish into thin air.”  
She raised a finger into the air. “The simple explanation is, ‘Because the Nisirtu willed it.’”
More applause.
“Not only will today’s civilization collapse, it will cease to exist even as a memory. It shall become a thing of legend to the descendants of the Ardoon and later not even that. I say that is a fair punishment. What is a harsher, to kill a father, allowing his children to memorialize him, or to kill him and then wipe his memory from his children’s minds? To do the former is to make the man a martyr. To do the latter is to undo him completely.
“That said, the coming realignment is on a scale never attempted by our ancestors. It is the eradication of not one or two civilizations but all of them at once. This is a complete remaking of the world and it is not a matter to be taken lightly. The Families think the downward spiral can be controlled and that they can avoid the vortex the Ardoon are sucked into. 
“They are either delusional or horribly misinformed. I do not plan on paddling around the whirlpool and hoping for the best. I plan to stand here, on terra firma, and to watch my foolish peers as they are pulled into the depths. As the Great Sage once told me, ‘It is foolish to pull an enemy off a bridge when he can instead be pushed.’  
“I think many of you are of the same mind. We are, in a way, like the ark of legend. None of you have been selected by chance. Among you are not only wise and worthy nobles but also architects, engineers, physicians, statisticians, biologists, and experts from dozens of other fields. All of you are here because you will be needed to re-establish civilization. You are the progenitors of the new world.  This place, Steepleguard, shall be your new home.”
She opened her arms to the congregation. “Welcome to Mount Olympus. Welcome to the rebirth of the Fifth Kingdom of the Nisirtu.”

Lilian continued her speech, introducing various nobles and discussing with them some pressing issues, until her watch told her it was fifteen minutes before eight o’clock. 
Looking up, she saw two men at the far end of the Great Hall near the doors that led to the courtyard. She recognized one of them as a man known to the Ardoon as Todd Peck, though his Nisirtu name was Torbitz. He was a chemist with blond hair down to his shoulders who looked like he had stepped off the cover of an old romance paperback. She was unfamiliar with the other man, who was a bit shorter and dark haired, but Lilian thought they had arrived together. 
They scanned the room furtively before casually putting their backs to the doors and trying to push them open. The doors didn’t budge. The two men conferred in whispers before making their way through the crowd in Lilian’s general direction, though she knew they were focused on the corridors behind and on either side of her that led to other egresses. 
When they were only ten feet from the stage, she said loudly enough for everyone present to hear her, “Gentlemen, are you leaving us? This is a most inopportune time. Where are you going?”
The two men froze when they realized she was speaking to them. Looking back awkwardly, the man named Torbitz said, “We beg your pardon, Princess, but we were looking for the, uh…the facilities.”
“A bit too much wine,” added the other man, trying hard to smile.
Lilian put on her mask of astonishment. “Is it so urgent that you would leave just ten minutes before I conclude my remarks? And why did you attempt to leave the building? Did you intend to relieve yourself in the bushes? I think you have lived among the Ardoon too long!”
Others in the room laughed, but uneasily.  They sensed the tension in the air. So did Fiela, who moved toward the men.
Seeing the Peth’s movements, Torbitz held up his hands. “It was mistake,” he said, taking a step backward. “You’re right, Princess, it was very bad timing. But you see, we did not want to push through the other guests and disrupt the proceedings. We assumed there was another entrance to the building that we could access once we were outside. No offense was intended.”
“Oh,” said Lilian, “I do see. Unfortunately, it is quite impossible to either enter or exit the building. All the doors are locked, and they are substantial doors.”  
“Ah,” said Torbitz, unable to handle the weight of his artificial smile. “What are we to do?”
“Perhaps you should call your friends in the hills above and ask them.”
The other guests began worriedly whispering to each other, their eyes never leaving the stage. The two men said nothing.
“I’m sure the Peth surrounding Steepleguard would have some timely advice for you,” continued Lilian. “You are hoping to evacuate the building before they attack, no doubt. To ensure you don’t get caught in the crossfire.”  
The whispers in the Great Hall became a gentle roar. There were shouts of “Traitors!” and “The Seven!”
The situation was now clear to Fiela, who lowered the tip of the ceremonial but still quite functional spear. She stepped forward until the iron tip floated only inches from Torbitz’s statuesque face. He tried to retreat but found himself held by a group of men that had assembled behind him. 
Lilian motioned for the men holding Torbitz and his anonymous friend to bring them to the edge of the platform. The tip of Fiela’s spear floated steadily above Torbitz’s nose like an angry fly. When he was near enough, Lilian crouched and whispered into his ear, “Give me the name of the other spies and I shall spare your miserable life.”
“What? Please!  I don’t know!” 
“Unfortunate,” she said, standing. “Peth, how quickly can you make these creatures into trophies?”
“Five minutes,” answered Fiela.
“No! Please!” screamed the other man. “Let us join you!  I spit on the Seven!”  
Torbitz scowled at his confederate.
“A good decision made too late,” said Lilian. Turning back to her flock, she said, “Anyone with children or a low tolerance for spilled blood should turn around now.”
Some did, but most, even those with children, did not. It was not the Nisirtu way.
“Do it,” said Lilian with a flick of her wrist. Fiela instantly shoved the tip of the spear into Torbitz’s left eye. He screamed for only a second because the Peth immediately began spinning the spear tip, grinding the man’s brain to a gray paste. It was, in its way, a merciful execution. The other man suffered longer simply because his writhing caused Fiela to first severe his nose. 
When she was done, she looked at Lilian questioningly. 
“Thank you Sister, but that is all. Be quick about the trophies.”
 The men who had blocked the traitors hauled their corpses toward the kitchen, Fiela following. Lilian again faced her audience, which quieted. 
“Such things are to be expected, and were,” she said. “Yes, we are surrounded by Peth-Allati under the command of Lords Moros and Nizrok. They have orders to capture us and try us as rebels before the Seven. I am not inclined to give them that pleasure. I find it ironic that they now wish me at court after having banned me from it for two decades.”
“Is Lord Moros here?” asked a boy at the front. It was an innocent question. He might as well have asked if Santa Clause was on the roof.
“No, child, he is not. He has dispatched his underlings for this. But I believe he is on his way.”
“What shall we do?” asked the woman standing over him, his mother. 
“I would suggest,” said Lilian, speaking not only to her, but to everyone in the room, “that you retire to your rooms, and stay there, until I send for you. I hope this can be concluded within the hour.”
“Do you need our assistance?” yelled an older man from the back of the room. Lilian saw it was Lord Shadernum, an old but stout former Peth of the Fifth Kingdom who had once served her father, before the madness. He had to be nearing ninety, thought Lilian, yet he was still a bear of a man, with thick white hair and a braided beard and a patch over one eye. When she was a toddler the man often carried her on his shoulders around her father’s estates. 
Lilian smiled radiantly as the memories resurfaced. “Lord Shadernum, you are ever loyal, but no. Fiela is my protector now.”
“I am willing to work under her!” yelled the old man, grinning, “or in any position she will have me!”  Coming from anyone else such humor would have been scandalous, but most of the guests knew that the aging Peth was a favorite of Lilian’s and could do not wrong. Several in the audience laughed and the laughter became contagious. Just like that, Lord Shadernum had swept away all the tension that had been building in the Great Hall. 
“Any man who can handle my sister is a man to be reckoned with!” yelled Lilian, which resulted in additional laughter. 
She made a shooing gesture. “Now, off with the lot of you. We shall reassemble later.”
As directed, the guests began climbing the various staircases to their rooms above. Some entered their rooms while others opted to remain outside, looking over the interior balconies to the floor of the Great Hall to see what would happen.

Chapter 42 - The Attack

Rudger was concerned. The grounds were oddly quiet. The army of Ardoon servants who had earlier been running back and forth between the assorted vehicles and the hotel had evaporated. All of the Lilitu’s guests remained in the building, presumably gathered in the Great Hall. The grounds, like the hotel, were lit up like a Christmas tree by the exterior lights.
Altos and Torbitz, his spies within the building, had yet to signal that the guests and principles were present in the Great Hall. Lord Moros had made clear to the colonel that everyone should be captured at once so that none of the leaders of the treasonous gathering could escape. The building was huge and the grounds vast. If the attack commenced while one of the principles was outside the Great Hall there was a chance that he and his Peth would never find them.
The prone man cursed as a cold stream of rainwater found its way into his pants and slowly trickled down his leg. It was nearing dusk but the angry, thundering clouds above had long ago blotted out the sun. The rain seemed to have no end.
Still, he had been in far worse environments and it was only three minutes before the attack was to commence. Rudger could feel his adrenaline surging. True, this was not exactly like rushing into battle against a well-armed foe, but he and his troops were going to make history tonight.  This attack against the whore was - at least in his mind - the beginning of the end. 
Yesterday the leaders of the three rebellious Houses had been captured, executed and replaced with puppets who obeyed the Seven unquestioningly.  The only holdout was the daughter of Sargon and her reckless, delusional allies. While she was hardly a kingdom unto herself, she remained a wildcard and a thorn in the Seven’s side. When he had completed his mission tonight he would be remembered as the hero who had finally crushed the House of Sargon.
Would the Seven reward him with a title? Lord Rudger? Or Duke? Surely he would merit some reward beyond a few slaves or consorts. Perhaps a nice patch of land to administer somewhere near the ocean?
With visions of sandy beaches swimming in his head, the Peth moved his pistol into the air and prepared to fire the shot that would signal the start of the attack. At that moment the front doors of the Great Hall opened. Through the downpour he could see a man peeking around the door closest to him.
“Who is that?” he grumbled to his second-in-command, Major Unther, Nizrok’s man.
The officer raised his binoculars. “That’s Altos!”
“Finally!  What is he signaling?” 
“Nothing yet, Colonel.”
Rudger cursed. “That idiot!  Could he be any more conspicuous?”
 Unther said, “Why does he keep bobbing his head so? Wait!  There’s Torbitz!”
Frustrated, Rudger said, “What do they think they are doing?”  He raised his binoculars and saw the heads of both men peeking around the door. He immediately knew something was wrong. 
“Their eyes,” he said, but the other man already saw it. 
Altos and Torbitz had no eyes.
As the two soldiers watched in astonishment, the heads of both spies shot ten feet into the air. Then the poles the heads were staked on emerged from behind the door carried by a woman in a scarlet dress. Seemingly without a care in the world, she carried them to a large planter that contained a dying plant. Looking up, she manipulated the poles so that the heads of the two men collided, face to face, their lips touching. A kiss of death. 
Drenched but laughing, the woman did it again before throwing one of the poles unceremoniously to the ground and thrusting the bottom of the other into the soft soil of the planter. That done, she lifted the other pole and repeated the exercise, ensuring that the two poles crossed and were oriented so that the eyeless, slack faces atop them faced the hills where the attackers were concealed.
“Fiela,” said Rudger as the girl went back inside, closing the doors behind her. 
“Edimmu,” said the other man.
Rudger recovered, saying, “Altos and Torbitz were sloppy and got caught. It doesn’t matter.”
“It will be bad for morale.”
“It doesn’t matter,” reiterated the Peth, knowing the man was right. “It is an easy mission. Let’s get on with it.”
He raised his pistol and fired into the air.

Lilian and Fiela heard the gunshot.
“Sister, why didn’t you tell me of this attack?” asked Fiela, using a tablecloth to wipe blood and rain from her arms and hands. She stood very close to Lilian in the Great Hall, out of earshot of those in the balconies overhead.
“It is not your battle. You and I are bystanders.”
“I do not understand. Surely Lords Moros and Nizrok have sufficient men to overwhelm us. The doors will not hold.”
“We have allies.”
“Where? No helicopters can fly in this weather.”
“Even so.”
Fiela was suddenly hopeful. “Sister, you have predicted this. Have you hidden away uncle and our husband to keep them safe?”
“Do you really think that either would hide and leave you and me to fend for ourselves?”
“No,” admitted Fiela. “They cannot have been captured, either. Surely if Seven had them they would have been used against us by now.”
“True,” said the Lilian, hoping the girl was right and that neither of the men would be led to Steepleguard’s entrance in chains to compel her to open the doors.
Would she, she wondered?

The troops moved speedily down from the seven hills surrounding Steepleguard, rifles to their shoulders. All was silent except for the sounds of the rain and boots sloshing through puddles of mud.  Not a single shot was fired. Lord Moros had been wise, acknowledged Rudger, not to share his plans with anyone other than Lord Nizrok, and to plan the attack “off-script” without the use of the Ardoon. The surprise would have been complete if not for Altos and Torbitz.
He reached the main entrance of Steepleguard with his lead squad and said into his microphone, “All platoons - status.”
Each of the platoons called in. Everyone was in position around the building. No shots fired, nothing unusual to report. 
The sky flashed white and a clap of thunder roared at him not a half-second later. Rudger looked up instinctively and was jolted to see the two severed heads above him. They swayed on their poles in all directions like ghastly full-scale bobble head toys. The colonel angrily pulled both poles from the planter and tossed them to the side, watching as one of the heads rolled lazily into a pool of oily water. 
Neither he nor any of the troops were using night vision devices. While the hills were dark, dozens of lampposts brightly illuminated the entrance to Steepleguard and the courtyard beyond. Rudger nodded and a squad leader moved slowly up to the giant doors and pulled gently on both handles. Looking at Rudger, he shook his head and retreated. 
Locked. So much for doing this the easy way. He made a hand signal, directing that the breach team should prepare to open the door. As they did, he heard a loud electrical crackle overhead. 
“Colonel Rudger,” came a voice from the sky that made the troops below cringe. The voice was female but there was a hollow sound to it as it echoed off the hills around them. Only then did the commander remember that the building had a public announcement system and that two of the speakers were directly overhead.
The Peth was stunned. It was Lilitu’s voice. It had to be. How had she known his name? The men and women around Rudger turned to look at him questioningly. They hadn’t prepared for this scenario. Seeking to assure them, he nodded confidently as if he, at least, had expected this possibility. 
“Megaphone,” he ordered with a snap of his fingers. It took only a few seconds for the instrument to be produced.
“Lilitu of Sargon,” he said into the instrument, “this is Colonel Rudger, Peth-Allati of the Seven Houses. By authority granted me by the Delphic Order of the Nisirtu, I command you to open these doors and surrender. If you do so, you have my word that neither you nor your guests or family will be harmed.”
This demand was greeted by silence, except for the sound of the rain slapping the earth. 
Then the woman’s voice returned, saying, “The nobles present will require more than that to turn themselves over to you.”
Rudger said, “Nobles will be allowed to petition for immediate parole and will not be taken prisoner.”  He was required to say this but knew she wouldn’t believe him. It was an obvious lie.
The electronic voice replied, “The nobles will not negotiate with a member of the warrior class.”
“There are no mediators, Lilitu of Sargon,” Rudger said, “but I assure you that nobles will not be harmed if you surrender peacefully.”
Several minutes passed. He allowed the aristocrats inside the building to confer, as their type was prone to do. The colonel despised this aspect of the operation because it presented him with an uncontrollable variable. He was ordered to capture Lilitu and her associates alive but if they were to fire at him or his troops he would have to fire back and Lilitu might be killed. Alternatively, Sargon’s daughter might elect to kill herself. In either event, his mission would be a failure.
“I demand a response,” he yelled, forgetting the megaphone.
The speakers crackled back to live. “There is one here who we will allow to represent us.”
At last. “Name the person!”
“Lord Disparthian.”
The man wondered if his expression was as comical as that of the Peth around him. Taking a moment to collect his thoughts, Rudger said, “Lord Disparthian is not present.”
“Is he not?” challenged Lilitu.
Rudger lowered the megaphone. “Enough of this,” he said to the breach team. Get these doors open.”
That was when the first shot was fired and the Peth to Rudger’s left fell to the ground.
 
The semi-trailers painted with an “Esotopia Bridal Traditions” logo, flowers and candles had been parked at Steepleguard for almost two days. Though the trailers had chemical toilets and were well equipped and reasonably comfortable for ad-hoc troop carriers, the 6th Peth-Allati soldiers inside them were eager to charge into the fray the moment their platoon leaders opened the doors.  
Disparthian stood at the rear of one of the trailers, his ear to the large metal doors and a hand up to caution his troops to remain silent. While he, like his personal guards, wore high tech body armor, he also wore a ceremonial silver breastplate engraved with swirls of calligraphic cuneiform. Only Lords of the Peth were allowed such vanities and the devices were only to be worn on momentous occasions. In his opinion, this was one.
The trailers had been positioned as close to Steepleguard’s entrance as the ruse would allow - a mere thirty yards from the main doors of the hotel. This meant Disparthian’s fifty-nine guards would be almost immediately in harm’s way - as would their opponents - when the trailers’ doors were finally opened. 
The moment Disparthian heard his name dropped by Lilian, he signaled two men to open the doors and the 6th Peth Guards spilled out. The first squad immediately fell to the muddy ground and began firing at targets of opportunity. Pop! Pop! Pop!  
As the surprised shock troops realized they were being ambushed and started firing back, the sound of intermittent shots became a roar. Popopopopop! Popopopop! Popopopopopopopopop!  The courtyard was suddenly alive with the muzzle flashes and sight lasers whipping across the ground in search of prey. 
Disparthian turned to the Peth now pouring out of the second trailer. “First platoon, clear the hills. Everyone else, follow me to the entrance!” A bullet whizzed by his ear and punctured a wall inside the trailer. He resisted the impulse to flinch, instead yelling, “Careful, gentlemen!  Unlike me, you are not bulletproof!”
His guards laughed and raised their carbines to their shoulders. Disparthian lifted his automatic pistol to his own, turned, and sprinted forward.

Rudger and the squad with him went prone and sought concealment behind nearby columns and bushes. While they had not fought together as a unit, they were superbly disciplined and trained as individual soldiers. There was no panic and no unnecessary bursts of fire. The Peth chose their targets and pulled their triggers back calmly.
The assault was vicious but Rudger was surprised at the small size of Lilitu’s force. Surely it was not more than sixty Peth, far too few to overwhelm a defending force of twice that number. He had spotted Lord Disparthian, the darling of the Seven and now a traitor, standing upright and pointing out targets to his troops as if he were an immortal, and damned if not every bullet fired at the man seemed to change trajectory in mid-flight. His appearance was cause for some concern, as he was reputed to be a courageous and inspiring leader, and thus a force multiplier. Yet one man alone could not turn this battle.
“Ready to advance,” Rudger yelled. “Bring the other squads around and flank Disparthian’s men!”
He did not see the doors to three other trailers fly open.

Sibelius was the Maqtu in charge of supporting Disparthian’s troops. A ten year veteran of the Nisirtu’s civil war, he was a man of average height but exceptional girth and sported a bushy red beard. He was affectionately called Big Dwarf.
The deal he had brokered with Disparthian required that the lord’s troops spearhead the attack against the forces of Moros and Nizrok. Sibelius had told Disparthian that, after ten years of war, the Maqtu were not about to go up against the soldiers of two Houses while the soldiers of another were at their back. Disparthian had reluctantly agreed to the plan.
“Come on, you sissies!” the rebel screamed in a baritone voice as the trailer doors opened and the Maqtu poured out. “First platoon to the east, second platoon to the west. Third and Fourth platoons, you greasy bastards follow me!”
Sibelius wielded an automatic shotgun.  He could see the valiant but foolish Lord Disparthian in his ceremonial armor ahead, his men circled around him, and Rudger’s men circled around them.
  The Peth lord had advanced to within twenty feet of Steepleguard’s entrance, a praiseworthy feat, but there the enemy had swallowed him up. Rudger had summoned his troops from the east and west sides of the building and his skirmishers to pinch Disparthian’s forces. Lilitu’s covert allies were now taking fire from three sides. Though they fought valiantly, Sibelius knew they would not survive much longer without help. 
Which was as it should be, he thought with a grin.

Chapter 43 - Breach

When Rudger finally saw the Maqtu he knew that the tables had turned against him. By his estimation the opposing force now numbered almost two hundred. He screamed over his shoulder, “Damn it, get those doors open!  We need hostages and we need them now!”
“They’re reinforced, Colonel,” said the woman at the door over her shoulder, who had been trying to manipulate the lock mechanism, “and the hardware is military grade. We’ll have to set charges. There might be causalities inside if we do.”  No one on the breach team was really trained for what they were doing. They were guards, not combat engineers.
“Do it already!”

Fiela heard Rudger’s orders through the doors. 
“Princess,” she said, “you must seek safety in the cave. The doors will be blown open.”  
She checked the magazine in one of her two pistols. The Peth had retrieved her combat armor and weapons after the first shots were fired. The uniform was different than standard issue in that it was not black but sable with black tiger stripes - a secret gift from her uncle many years ago. She had put her red hair up in a simple ponytail. A Nocte Sicarius never wore a helmet.
“They will not harm us,” Lilian said. “I have seen their orders.”
“How?” asked Fiela holstering the pistol.
“Lord Disparthian’s spies shared them with me. He is our ally – he, and the Maqtu. I will be no better off in the cave if the forces of the Seven somehow defeat them. It does not matter where I am captured if that is my fate.”
“Princess,” said Fiela, “a bullet obeys no orders. You could easily be dispatched by an errant shot.”
The other woman said nothing as she weighed the Peth’s words. The fact was that she had not expected Moros’s troops to enter Steepleguard and had made no provisions for that possibility. She had envisioned the battle differently when discussing it with Disparthian. 
“I do not wish to hide,” she said cautiously.
“Sister,” said the Peth, “you will not be hiding. You can return swiftly once the battle is over, either to enjoy your triumph or surrender yourself. But you must not die by mistake.”
Lilian thought for a moment and nodded. “I shall do as you ask.”  An awkward second passed. “You must come with me, Fiela. You are serretu and second to the queen’s throne.”
Fiela shook her head. “Our guests above - who will protect them, if not me? There is no time to usher them into the cave. We have but minutes.”
Lilian thought to command the Peth to come with her but having already been proven wrong about the impossibility that the doors could be breached, she doubted her own judgment on this matter, also.
“Very well,” she said. “I am proud of you, Sister. Ben would be, also.”
 Fiela smiled sadly. “Do you think,” she said, wondering if she had asked the question before, “that the Seven will allow him to live if they capture him?”
Lilian decided she deserved the truth. “No. They have orders to kill him.”
The Peth did not react and indeed, seemed not to hear the other woman. She rotated a leather belt around her waist to better position four sheathed knives and said, “On the wall next to the stairwell leading down to the cave there is an electrical panel. Will you turn off the lights so that I am in my element?”
Lilian nodded and disappeared into the corridor. A moment later the hotel and the grounds beyond were plunged into darkness.  The cacophony of gunfire beyond the walls was muted for a few seconds as the combatants took in this development, but then the pace picked up again, and the battle raged on.
Alone, Fiela walked toward the main doors and placed herself only twenty feet from them, deciding that against a large number of opponents she would rather fight in close quarters with her knives. She’d never win a gunfight. 
Not that she expected to win any engagement. Knowing that Lilitu’s allies had arrived and were closing in on the Peth trying to enter Steepleguard, she needed only to delay the attackers once they entered the building to give those allies sufficient time to come to the guests’ rescue. It was a holding action, pure and simple.
When she found her spot, she turned her back to the door, lay flat on the ground, and closed her eyes. She did not want the inevitable explosion to ruin her night vision. 
Her husband was dead, she decided. He would not have abandoned her, and Lilian, and was not being used as a hostage. Ben was dead, and in the Nisirtu underworld, for that is where all Nisirtu royalty went.  He was there, and alone, because he had no Nisirtu family to greet him, which meant he might wander the dark corridors forever. 
She had failed him, as both his protector and wife.  
Lightning from the storm flooded the room with a blue light. She listened to the yells and screams and gunfire outside the building’s walls.
To clear her mind for the battle ahead, she whispered a poem to herself. 
“For the sword outwears its sheath, and the soul wears out the breast, and the heart must pause to breathe, and love itself have rest, though the night was made for loving, and the day returns too soon, yet we’ll go no more a roving-”
The doors to Steepleguard exploded inward with a roar.
 
Rudger and three Peth rushed into the Great Hall, rifles and carbines raised, but they slowed when they discovered it was as dark inside as it had been outside. With their numbers dwindling and the enemy at their back, the ingress had been hasty and disorganized and the lack of any indoor lighting was yet another unexpected obstacle. Rudger led the way, determined to find a decent hostage. Preferably Lilitu, though any noble would do.  
“Lights!” he screamed.
A second later the reply:  “No joy.”
Damn it!  He raised his carbine’s night-vision scope to his eye and scanned the room. The large hall appeared to be empty. He calculated that his troops could hold the building for five minutes. That was just enough time for those with him to reach the rooms on the second level, where surely some of the nobles were hiding.
 “Follow me,” he said, and took a step toward the nearest staircase, but the moment his trailing foot left the floor he felt his other kicked out from under him. He was still floating in the air when the knife entered his neck. 
The Peth behind him stumbled as he collided with Rudger’s falling body. Before he could right himself something grabbed his helmet and pulled hard, forcing the fall he had been trying to avoid. The man felt something cold at the base of his neck and then felt nothing at all. 
“Commander!” yelled one of the men who had just entered the hall. He went down, too, and was silent.
Another four of Rudger’s soldiers entered the Great Hall but instead of fanning out they found themselves corralled by the attackers behind them, the nothingness before them, the bodies collecting at their feet, and the enemy that lurked below. Their night-vision scopes were useless in such close quarters.
“Ahhh!” screamed one of the female attackers as she was dragged to the floor like a swimmer pulled beneath the waves by an invisible shark. A nearby Peth shot at where she had been but the round struck the shinbone of the man who had been behind her. The wounded man screamed bloody murder and fell to the floor of his own accord. There he listened to the fallen woman’s gurgles as she drowned in her own blood.
 “Nocte Sicarius!” yelled a man in the front but then a bullet entered his skull from beneath his chin, shattering a number of teeth before taking the scenic route through his brain and exiting out the back.
The remaining Peth let their carbines and rifles fall to their sides and pulled out their pistols, aiming at the floor, site lasers glowing red.

Disparthian cursed the Maqtu even as he gave thanks for their appearance. They had arrived at the last possible moment. Only two men out of his assault platoon still stood at his side. The rest were injured or dead. A dozen could have been saved if Sibelius, the Maqtu leader, had attacked only a thirty seconds earlier.  
Still, the Maqtu had arrived, and Colonel Rudger’s troops were being pushed away from the hotel, with the exception of the squad that had breached the main doors and entered Steepleguard. Thankfully, someone had shut off the property’s lights and slowed the assaulting force’s advance. Fiela, he assumed.
The battle could be lost yet if Rudger’s troops were to capture Lilitu or Fiela. As the battle devolved into hand-to-hand combat near the entrance, he summoned his two remaining Peth to his side and made a final push. 

Fiela surveyed the arena as the man with the wounded shin flailed futilely in her chokehold.  She was certain that four of the Peth still standing were Rudger’s but the situation was growing increasingly chaotic. She could hear Lord Disparthian’s yells near the doors urging his troops forward and she was not sure if the troops now entering Steepleguard were friend or foe. Even the Peths above her didn’t seem to know. 
She made the decision to go vertical when the pistols came out. She rolled to a position behind the nearest enemy, stood, and plunged a knife between his helmet and body armor, severing his spinal column. She started a leg spin as the man fell and passed a knee a half-inch above his head before slamming a boot into the nose of another Peth who had turned toward her.  
That left two. Both saw her at the same time as a flash of lightning briefly illuminated the room. The first, who was two arm lengths away, brought up her pistol too quickly and rushed her trigger pull, sending a round over Fiela’s shoulder. Fiela closed and felt a second shot tear into her hip. Ignoring the pain she grabbed the other woman’s gun and twisted it violently, breaking the woman’s finger. The movement forced the trigger back, sending the third round into the intruder’s head.
One left.
All done, then, she told herself. 
Except the last thing.
“I will find you,” she said in a hushed tone.
Time slowed for Fiela as she dropped her hands to her sides and became a spectator to the battle in the doorway. There was Disparthian, whom Lilian had once called ‘Lancelot,’ rushing forward with two other men, and behind him, a horde of Maqtu, Sibelius at the front. The battle was won.
She lowered her eyes to the man in front of her. Rudger’s last man. Extending her head forward and stretching her arms out behind her, she took a step toward him and screamed. 
The ear-piercing and alien shriek shook the man, and when lightning again illuminated the room, he saw the thing coming at him from the shadows. Whimpering for the first time in his adult life, he raised his pistol and pulled the trigger five times. The thing fell to the floor. 
He knew the use of a flashlight would be death sentence, but he didn’t care. He shakily pulled the device from a strap on his shoulder and flipped it on with his free hand. Looking down, he saw the faint silhouette of a girl’s body. A girl? His hands trembling, he struggled to reconcile what he thought he had shot at and the figure at his feet. The thing he had shot at had not been a girl, had it? 
Gods, no!  It was something else. Something abominable. It was-
A Maqtu bullet ended the Peth’s life before he could finish the thought.

Chapter 44 - Betrayed

No prisoners were taken. All of Lords Moros’s and Nizrok’s Peth were killed. When the gunfire ceased, the lights miraculously came back on. Lilian strode into the Great Hall. Dozens of bodies littered the floor, some in heaps. She saw Disparthian, bloodied but alive, striding toward her.
“Annasa,” he said, “the battle is won.”
Lilian nodded, having assumed as much when she saw the handsome man standing in middle of the room with two of his lieutenants. Only two? Had the battle been that close?
“I have no words,” she said, taking his gloved hands in hers. “You have preserved the true Nisirtu.”
“The Maqtu helped,” Disparthian said, nodding toward Sibelius, who was meeting with a group of his men in the corner of the room. “Eventually.”
“They will be properly rewarded.”  Her smile faltered. “But where is my sister?”
Disparthian looked around the room. “I saw her just before I entered. She single-handedly stopped the advance of Colonel Rudger’s troops. Perhaps she pursued Peth trying to flee. Where is the nearest other exit?”
Lilian nodded toward a nearby corridor. “That will take you to a patio.”
“I will go and look for her. I have a platoon in the tree line hunting down snipers and support units. She may have joined them. Stay here with my men until I return.”
When he had left, one of Disparthian’s men, a Lieutenant Kelliti, ordered the Maqtu to begin removing bodies from the room. Anyone still breathing was to be killed. 
Only a few minutes into the process, he yelled, “Wait!”
“What is it?” asked Lilian. 
“There,” he said, pointing at the body of a man whose head was partially missing. Beneath him Fiela’s red hair could be seen.
“No!” screamed Lilian, running to the bodies. Kelliti arrived with her and roughly picked up the corpse of the man and threw it to the side, revealing Fiela, white as a ghost and still. There was a small hole in her chest and a pool of blood under her. Kelliti knelt down, felt at the wound.
“Where is her armor?” he asked, bewildered. 
“What?” replied Lilian.
The Peth, amazed, said, “She removed her armor plates…why would she do that?”
Lilian thought the question pointless. “A doctor!” she yelled at the guests who had emerged from their rooms and stood on the balconies looking down at the carnage. “Send down one of the doctors!  My sister is wounded!”
Turning back to the Lieutenant, she said, “There are medical supplies in the basement. Bring Disparthian’s other man and I’ll show you.”  Lilian leapt to her feet and moved toward the corridor that led to the cave’s entrance. To her surprise, two Maqtu who were standing there failed to make way.
“Move!” she screamed angrily, slamming her fists into them, but they did not. 
“Move, damn you!” she screamed again.
“Do as she commands,” said Kelliti, clearly annoyed at the Maqtus’ reaction. Disparthian’s other guard regarded the rebels warily. 
“Sorry, sir, but you’re not in command,” said Sibelius, approaching the Peth. “Neither is your master. Never was, really.”  Before Kelliti could react, the rebel shot the Nisirtu lieutenant in the throat. 
Additional shots rang out as the lieutenant fell slowly to one knee. Disparthian’s other man crumpled to the ground. 
Another Maqtu, this one named Fiscus, stepped forward and shot the Kelliti in the good leg that supported his weight. Kelliti swayed for a moment, and then, with a tremendous effort and a scream of pain, he lunged at the man who had just shot him, wrapping his arms around Fiscus’s legs. The Maqtu fell backwards with a shout as the Peth tackled him.
There were two more gunshots. Kelliti stopped moving.
“Hard to kill,” said the rebel who fired the last shot. 
“Get up, Fiscus,” said the other man. The Maqtu on the ground beneath Kelliti didn’t move. Someone reached down and rolled the Peth’s body off the crumpled man. Only then did they see the silver handle of the dagger Disparthian’s man had shoved between his attacker’s ribs. 
“I’ll be damned. Nicely done, Lieutenant Kelliti. You died nobly. I shall name a child after you.”
The other man spat on the corpse of the Maqtu. “And you, Fiscus? You died like you lived. Stupidly!”
“Who are you men to speak of nobility?” yelled Lilian, who had fallen to her knees, the bodies of Kelliti and Fiela on the ground before her. “You know nothing of it.”
“Ha!” yelled the Sibelius. “The whore speaks of nobility!  You,” he said, pointing at one of the other Maqtu, “get troops up to the balconies. We’re sitting ducks here. I want a guard on each level. If anyone steps out of their room, warn them back, and if they refuse, shoot them!  You,” he said to a nearby rebel, “Gather your platoon and go find Disparthian and his remaining men. Kill them.”
The female bowed slightly and was gone. 
Lilian tried to crawl to Fiela but was blocked by the Maqtu. Blood was everywhere on the floor and one of her hands slipped out from under her causing her to slam her head into one of the men’s knees. 
“Careful, whore. We need you intact for the evening’s festivities.”
Lilian, seeing she would not be allowed to pass, tried to stand, but was shoved back down. “Stay on your knees. It is your proper place.”
The other men laughed and someone kicked her from behind, sending her splaying to the floor. Covered in the blood of her enemies and allies, the woman rolled over and looked up. Mercifully, there were no gawkers in the balconies. The guests were afraid or perhaps unwilling to witness her humiliation.
“What about the girl?” said one of the Maqtu. He was standing over Fiela. “Shouldn’t we have one of the doctors tend to her?”
Sibelius looked at the girl and rubbed his jaws. The blood on the floor beneath Fiela spread out like wings. “No,” he said at last. “It couldn’t be helped. The lights were out and no one could see anyone. She got in the way. By the time we found her, she was dead.”
The other two men swapped uneasy glances. “She might be saved. Lord Moros will be displeased. She was to be given to him.”
“Lord Moros?” gasped Lilian.
Sibelius ignored her. “Move the Edimmu to the side of the platform and throw a tablecloth over her. It will be better if she dies this day. I do not wish to find her in my bedroom one morning pointing at me with her damned knives when she is supposed to be asleep at Moros’s side.”
Two Maqtu grabbed Fiela’s arms and complied. As they did so, a man next to Sibelius said, “This is a dangerous game.”
“Yes, but that girl does not die!” seethed Sibelius. Grunting and leaning in toward the other man, he said conspiratorially, “She might even turn Lord Moros against us. I do not wish to spend the rest of my life looking over my shoulder.”
“Moros?” said Lilian again.
“Yes, dear?” came a voice at the other end of the Great Hall. 

Shocked, Lilian tried to rise but was again shoved down. She could hear heavy footsteps approaching.
The unseen Moros said in a cavalier tone, “No, no, gentlemen!  Do not treat a princess so!  Have you forgotten yourselves? Help the poor woman to her feet!” 
As Lilian was pulled roughly upward the throng of Maqtu in front of her parted. Lord Moros, resplendent in the gold ceremonial armor of the Supreme Lord of the Peth-Allati, walked toward her smiling, his scarlet cloak wafting behind him. 
“Hello, Lilitu,” he said when a few feet away.
Lilian stared at him disbelievingly. “You!”
“Yes, me. Did you really think me so stupid, Lilitu? Did you honestly believe you could organize a rebellion with Disparthian behind my back? I grant you, the plan itself was clever enough - trying to draw my forces in, and those of Nizrok, so that you could eliminate us before the collapse. Was that your idea or the scribe’s?”
Lilian, dazed, felt her knees begin to buckle, but the Maqtu held her upright.
“Yes, brilliant,” Moros continued. “If it had worked you would have command of both Diz’s armies and the remaining Maqtu, at a minimum. If you managed to kill Lord Nizrok and myself tonight when we came to accept your surrender, our armies would have fallen under the command of Disparthian, since he is third in the chain of command. 
“Of course, in normal times, our Houses would appoint replacements for us, but given the sorry state of the world and the likely downfall of the Seven, you assumed - rightly, I think - that our armies would both opt to remain under the command of the cavalier Lord Disparthian.
“That would give you four armies, Lilian!  Four!  Mine, Nizrok’s, Disparthian’s, and the Maqtu. Belusmar has returned to Europe with his guards and so is out of play. The military leaders of the Fifth, Seventh, and Eighth kingdoms are overseas. After the Ardoon apocalypse, your unified force of four armies could easily overwhelm the other three, especially given that you would have the Great Sage to guide you.”
The Peth lord clicked his tongue enviously. “A brilliant plan, truly, daughter of Sargon. You made one crucial mistake, however. You trusted the Maqtu. Once that might have been understandable. Years ago, when their Houses were in order. But today their Houses are fallen and they are beholden to no one. 
“You assumed that the rebels would view you, the enemy of their enemy, as an ally. That is not so. Given the option of rejoining the Seven and ruling the world - in whatever form - or joining forces with a whore and spending the rest of their lives fighting the Seven, did you really think they would choose the latter?”

Lilian shook her head, unable to grasp the situation. “But your guards - yours and Nizrok’s!  The Maqtu helped kill them!”
The Peth lord bit his lip in mock embarrassment. “Yes, there was that. I’m not proud of what I’ve done, but it was necessary, Lilitu. My guards had to be sacrificed for the greater good.”
“You had your own men killed?”
“I’m afraid so. It was necessary for the ruse, you see - and it worked, didn’t it? When I committed my guards you assumed that I was truly allied with Lord Nizrok and serving the Seven. You think me monstrous for ordering my own men killed, yes? But consider that my plan would not have been possible if I were not willing to do so. Nizrok would certainly have not committed his guards had I not committed mine, and that would have meant no attack on Steepleguard. No attack on Steepleguard would mean that tomorrow I’d have but a single army to exploit the new Dark Age, the same as all the other kingdoms. Even you would have an army!”
“You’re a psychopath,” growled Lilian. “You’re mad!”
Moros looked shocked. “Am I really, Lilitu? As things stand, I have lost a few guards but I remain in control of my legions and will assume control of Nizrok’s, since I am his senior. Soon Disparthian will be killed and his forces, too, will become mine. As Supreme Lord of the Peth-Allati, I have already commanded the praetors of both Disparthian’s and Nizrok’s legions to join mine here tomorrow. Think, Lilitu!  Fifteen praetors, each in command of a thousand-man legion. And I have the remains of the Maqtu. 
“That gives me almost twenty thousand soldiers around the world with which I can build a new empire. Twenty thousand well-equipped, well-armed, and coordinated soldiers that will face no sizeable opposition.  Every other armed force in the world will be dust. What few soldiers might survive will be spread across thousands of miles, with no ability to contact one another and no central control. They will too busy fighting to survive to worry about spending the rest of their short lives trying to form even a squad of men, and even if they could, whom would they fight? And for what? They will be as ignorant as the rest of humanity as to what really happened in the days and weeks before the collapse.
“No, in this next world, the Nisirtu armies will be the only armies, and he who controls them, controls the world. So you see, I have sacrificed only a single pawn, my personal guard, in order to capture three pawns, two knights and,” he said with bow, “a queen. I would hardly call that mad. As soon as I find your slave ‘king’ I will call checkmate.”

Chapter 45 - Resurrection

Ben rose from the floor very slowly, unsure which way was up. When he finally got his bearings he gripped the edge of the cabinet behind him and pulled until he was upright. He fell backwards against the glass lid. 
He scanned the room for Ridley but the man was gone. The door to the vault was open and he could see the wall of the cave beyond, gray and moist beneath the bright illumination of the fluorescent lights. Thrown over the metal door was the yellow robe the scribe had been wearing.
“Ridley!” the man yelled. His voice echoed through the cave and came back to him twice but there was no other sound.
He struggled to push back the seemingly infinite number of thoughts that had sprung to life when Ridley had resurrected the Empyrean language that had lain dormant in his brain for the past twenty years. Alien thoughts now swarmed restively between his conscious and subconscious and he knew instinctively that if he failed to contain them, and they flooded into his conscious mind, he might lose his grip on reality. 
It wasn’t easy resisting their call. It was like looking at a painting and trying to see only the strokes of paint and not the subject, or staring at an image on a monitor and trying to see only a collection of pixels and not the image they formed. For almost anyone else it would have been impossible. It was only an accident of nature, he knew, that allowed his brain to deconstruct the whole for his protection. It was, he thought, the very trait that allowed him to comprehend the Empyrean Glossa. 
He checked his watch and saw that it was after nine o’clock in the evening, but the day, thankfully, was unchanged. He walked stiltedly toward the door and proceeded across the metal grates and up the spiral staircase to the hotel. 
Ridley had told him - hadn’t he? - what would transpire this night. What was supposed to transpire, at least. If everything had gone according to plan, Lord Disparthian and Lilian should at this moment be together with Fiela in the Great Hall savoring their victory over the forces of Moros and Nizrok. 
That was what the scribe had told him, wasn’t it? Ben thought he had said more. Something about treachery, but by that point the researcher’s mind had begun to shut down. His mental circuit breakers had been flipped, one by one, by the Empyrean invasion, until there was no activity at all. 
He had been rebooted.
Ben increased his pace as he ascended the stairs. Pushing the door at the top open, he slid into the corridor and trotted toward the Great Hall, looking into each room he passed, but seeing no one. Steepleguard was deathly quiet except for the faraway voice of a man delivering some kind of speech. 
That was to be expected, right? It’s probably one of Lilian’s supporters waxing poetic about the woman and her family. Then he smelled the spent gunpowder and heard Lilian’s voice and he knew from the sound that she was in distress. 
Ben picked up speed and took the next corner, the one that led into the kitchen, fast, but he came to a screeching halt when he saw two other men headed his way. Big men who wore body armor and carried guns. Men in tattered and mismatched uniforms. 
Rebels, he assumed. Maqtu.
They saw him, too, and he heard one of the men say excitedly, “It’s the Ardoon king!” in Agati.
In Agati, Ben marveled. I can understand Agati?
The question evaporated when he heard the other Maqtu yell, “Kill him!”
The first soldier raised his rifle. The former Marine jumped to one side, taking cover behind one of the kitchen islands as a tile backsplash behind him exploded. 
The island that separated him from the rebels was the portable variety, elevated two inches off the floor by casters. From his prone position Ben could see the boots of the Maqtu as they walked toward him. Each was approaching from a different side and both were now ten feet away. He noticed potato peels around him and looked up hopefully. 
A black handle dangled over the lip of the island’s counter. He shot a hand up and grabbed it.
Oh please oh please oh please don’t be a potato peeler.  
It was a cleaver. 
Thank you, God!
The rebels were five feet away now. He pushed the island experimentally. It moved. He crouched directly behind it and counted. One, two, three – now.
He rolled to his right and blindly swung the cleaver across the floor in front of him even as he kicked his feet out and forced the island to the left. The Maqtu who had been approaching from the left side screamed in pain and fury when the corner of the island rammed his groin. As he did so, the business end of the cleaver sliced into the Achilles tendon of the other man, who screamed far louder and collapsed to the ground.
Without hesitation, Ben jerked the cleaver out and swung at the man’s leg again like a lumberjack hacking at a tree. The next swing hit the rebel’s femoral artery and a spray of blood showered Ben and everything around him. A third swing exposed the man’s intestines, and he was out. The artery continued to pump out showers of blood rhythmically, like Old Faithful with a prostate issue.
Unfortunately, the other rebel had recovered while the linguist was hacking at his comrade. He was now bearing down on Ben, who saw there was no possibility that he could unsling the fallen rebel’s weapon in time to use it. 
“Wait!” Ben yelled. It was an instinctive command born of desperation, a command meant to buy him a few more seconds so he could develop a plan. It was exactly what any person about to be killed would be expected to say to his executioner. 
But in this case, unlike almost any other, it worked. The Maqtu stood above him, rifle to his shoulder, and waited. 
Ben plowed his heels into the floor and pushed backwards. He expected that at any moment the Maqtu would chuckle and finish him. 
But he didn’t.
The researcher rose slowly to his feet and carefully moved the cleaver behind his back. He was mystified as to why he wasn’t dead yet and confused at the yelling he heard from down the corridor. Somewhere, he heard a pistol shot, and then two more. Trying to come to grips with the situation, he said, “Whose side are you on?”
The rebel said, “I serve Sibelius.”
“I don’t know who that is,” replied Ben, preparing to hurl the cleaver at the man. “Who does he serve?”
“Lord Moros.”
Ben froze. “The Maqtu serve Lord Moros?”
“We do now.”
“Where is Lilian?”  When the man didn’t answer, he ventured, “Lilitu of Sargon?”
“In the Great Hall, bowing before Lord Moros. She’s about to get a ripe good beating.”
Ben tried to control his shock. “And Fiela? Is she a prisoner, too?”
There was another shot fired somewhere inside Steepleguard, followed by the sound of automatic weapons. Then it was quiet again.
“No,” said the man, his finger still on the trigger. “She went down like a trooper, that one. Must’ve taken out a whole squad by herself.”
“She’s dead?” Ben growled, moving toward the man. He no longer cared about the gun that was pointed at him.
“Curled up like a kitten next to the stage. She was a pretty thing.”
Ben didn’t hear the last bit of banter because at that moment the rage was forming inside him, a rage that brushed aside the muddling thoughts of the Empyrean and the confusing events of the past week and his concerns about his future. It was a rage that vaporized every thought in its path and in its wake left only clarity. 
The epiphany was complete. 
He pushed aside the barrel of the Maqtu’s rifle and slammed the blade into the man’s shoulder and spoke the words to him. Without hesitation and with pure joy, the rebel, a cleaver buried in his shoulder, ran past Ben, through the kitchen, through the patio doors, through a gate, and into the courtyard. There, he put the barrel of his rifle into his mouth and gleefully pulled the trigger.
Chapter 46 - Fiela Denied

Moros spun and yelled, “All you hiding in your rooms!  Hear me!  Lilitu is fallen. I am the master of Steepleguard now. If you will serve me, come to the Great Hall and kneel before me. If you would die for the whore, remain where you are. We shall attend to you shortly.”  
In a muted voice he said to Sibelius, “Wait fifteen minutes and then shoot anyone who has accepted my invitation. The scoundrels who surrender now will serve any master and are useless to me.”
“It shall be done, Lord,” replied the bearded man. He walked toward his lieutenants to relay the command.
“Maqtu!” he yelled at a man near one of the great fireplaces. 
“Yes, Lord?”
“That chair there!” Moros pointed at a large and fancifully carved teak chair with a red velvet seat in one corner of the room. “Bring it here, to this platform.”
“Your throne,” observed Lilian hoarsely. 
“No, my dear. Yours. For a short time, anyway. In fact, I have even brought you a crown.”
He snapped his fingers and one of the Maqtu stepped forward, a cardboard shoebox in his hands. Moros flipped off the top and withdrew a cheap plastic tiara, the kind a child would wear for Halloween. Affixed to the front were large plastic letters that formed the word “WHORE”.
“This,” he said, “is what little girls who fancy themselves princesses are supposed to wear. You probably already have one?”
In the deepest recesses of her mind, Lilian screamed. 
Moros smirked. “This will be the one you wear tonight when you entertain my men.”  He stepped forward and slapped Lilian with such force that she nearly blacked out. Her world went hazy.
“A taste of things to come,” he said.
The woman tried to respond but when she opened her mouth, blood poured out. She could feel one of her back teeth wiggling when she moved her jaw.
“Alas, work before pleasure,” said Moros, turning away.
Lilian, blood dripping from her lips, managed, “Puppies to torture?”
The Peth stopped, sighed and turned back toward her. “No, Lilitu, I have people to torture.”
“You’re a freak Moros. You always were.”
Looking amused, the Peth lord said, “That’s rather hypocritical of you, Lilitu. You torture freely.”
“To achieve my ends. Not for pleasure.” 
Moros sneered at her. “Really? Is that what you tell yourself? But look, this is pointless. I must find your dear sister, Fiela. She and I are going to have a…conversation.”
“Too late,” Lilian said with a sickly grin.
 The Peth’s eyes narrowed and he took a step toward her. “What do you mean?” 
“Your vanity has been your undoing, Moros. You’ve given her too much time.”
“Too much time for what, whore? Escape?”
“Fiela would never flee from a fight. You know that.”
He did, actually. “What, then? Time for what?” 
Lilian’s laugh was a wet, sickly gurgle. “Time to bleed out.”
Moros became very still. “What do you mean?”
“You can’t have it all, Moros!” Lilian laughed, globs of blood flying from her mouth and splattering the man’s face. “The thing you want most? My sister? I, Lilitu of Sargon, deny it!”
The Peth glowered at the Maqtu holding Lilian and at the others who stood in a circle around them. “What is she saying?”
“They killed her,” she whispered loudly, nodding in the direction of Sibelius, who was just returning from briefing his lieutenants. 
Moros marched toward the man. “Where is Fiela?” he yelled.
Sibelius didn’t waiver. “Dead.”
The Peth lord’s eyes went wide. “Dead? How? I ordered you to capture her alive!  She is mine!”
“The lights were out,” Lilian said, taking on the man’s voice.  Moros looked back at her as she continued, “That’s what we’ll tell him. It was unavoidable. We couldn’t even see her. She might turn Lord Moros against us. I don’t want to spend the rest of my life looking over my shoulder!”
Moros looked back at Sibelius and saw the truth in the man’s face. Without hesitation the Peth lord pulled his pistol from its holster and shot the man in the forehead. The rebel fell to the ground in a heap.
“WHERE IS SHE?!” Moros screamed, spinning in a circle. When there were no replies, he shot two other Maqtu who were merely in the wrong place at the wrong time. As they, too, dropped, other Maqtu rushed to the side of the stage where Fiela had been stowed away. 
“Here, Lord!” the one nearest the girl yelled, removing the tablecloth that covered her and backing away quickly. 
Moros strode to the corner of the platform but stopped dead in his tracks when he saw the whiteness of Fiela’s face. “Where are the doctors?” he said to the nearest men. 
Behind him someone said meekly, “I’m a doctor, Lord.”
Moros twisted and saw that one of the surrendered guests had a shaky hand in the air. A man in a tuxedo, perhaps thirty years old, with greased blond hair. 
“Get over here!”
The man nodded nervously and was lifted to his feet by two Maqtu before he’d had an opportunity to stand on his own. They shoved him forward. “Go!” 
As the guest stumbled over the collected bodies, Moros yelled, “Find the medical supplies!  Bring them here!” and a dozen troops disbursed at a sprint into the various corridors.
A shot rang out from a balcony above. Everyone in the room cringed and looked up. Everyone except Moros, who was staring at the hole in the wooden platform that had suddenly appeared an inch from Fiela’s upturned face.
“There!” shouted one of the Maqtu, pointed upwards. 
Three stories above, Lord Shadernum, the Old Bear, pointed a revolver and fired again, this time striking the doctor who was trying to make his way toward Fiela. The man’s head exploded. 
“You’ll not take her alive!” yelled King Sargon’s former guard. 
“Take me!” screamed Lilian. “Old Bear, kill me!”
But the former guard could not. A spray of bullets from the men below tore his body to pieces and he fell to the balcony’s floor. 
Moros knelt over Fiela’s body, trembling. Was he to be denied this, the one thing promised him? The only thing he had ever really wanted? She couldn’t die, could she? Not now!  Not ever!  She’s the Edimmu!  The underworld won’t have her! 
For the briefest of moments the corners of the girl’s mouth appeared to twitch upwards in a smile, as if to mock him one last time. 
“Bitch!” He screamed, pounding a fist into the floor. 
Lilian laughed hysterically.
“Guards,” Moros screamed, rising, “seize the whore and tie her face down to her throne!  Strip her!”  
He fumbled with the large metal buckle of his belt, so furious that he could hardly control his hands. “Whore, I will thrash you until the skin rolls off your back!  I will pull out your fingernails and blind you with my own thumbs. You beg for death now? You cannot imagine how sweet a gift it will be! What I would have done to Fiela I will do ten-fold to you.”
Lilian finally stopped laughing. It was done. She had enjoyed her final victory. She didn’t resist when the men came to drag her to the makeshift throne. She could see Moros walking toward her, his long studded belt in one hand, his face as red as a cinder. Still on her knees, she felt her hands being tied to the arms of the chair. Then she felt the men’s fingers on her dress, and the tug, and it was gone.
Moros moved behind her, lashing the air with his belt experimentally. One of the surrendered guests, a beautiful woman named Persipia, began to cry.
“Behold your queen,” he shouted back at the woman, and raised his belt high into the air.

Chapter 47 - The Sillum

Lilian didn’t ready herself for the first strike of the belt. She didn’t want to resist. She wanted to scream and Moros wanted her to scream. She put her face into the velvet seat of the chair and simply waited for it.
And waited.
She was mortified at how utterly silent the Great Hall had become. There were no more cries or screams or shouts of bravado from the Maqtu leering at her and cheering Moros on. There was only the sound of the rain and the thunder.
What were they doing, she wondered? Was this some cruel game?
“Strike me, you coward!” she yelled, spitting blood.
“Lilian,” came a voice from behind her. It was not Moros’s.
“Lilian” said the man, closer. “Where is Fiela?”
It was Ben!
“There!” she yelled. “There! Next to the stage.”  She tried to nod in the right direction and moaned in frustration when she realized how useless she was tied to the chair.
The man boomed in Agati, “Anyone with medical skills, come to the Great Hall!”
Lilian heard doors above her opening and then hurried footsteps on the stairs. 
“You will not let her die,” she heard him say to someone.
A moment later she could feel the man behind her, sensed his strong hands reaching over her shoulders and felt them untying her. When she was unbound, she spun around and fell backwards against the chair. Ben placed a cloth over her naked body. She reached out desperately and pulled him to her. 
“Ben!” she sobbed. “You’re alive!”
He embraced her and said. “I am.”
When she released the man she saw he was soaked in blood. “Are you hurt?”
“No. Never mind that. Who are these men with Moros?”
Trying to collect her wits, Lilian said, “Most are Maqtu who have sworn allegiance to him. Some may be his personal guard, or Lord Nizrok’s. They have killed Disparthian’s lieutenants and Fiela.”
Ben looked into her eyes and said, “Fiela is not dead, Lilian. She is badly wounded but is being tended to. What about the others?” 
Lilian peered around him.  Everyone in the Great Hall appeared frozen in place. They breathed, yes, and they blinked, and they swayed, but they did not move. Moros stood only a few feet away, one hand in the air, a leather belt dangling limply from it. Dozens of Maqtu stood around the room and stared at her with slack expressions. Perhaps two-dozen guests kneeled on the floor.
Was she hallucinating? Was Moros beating her even now? Had she retreated into some kind of fantasy world to escape the horror of it all?
“Lilian, answer me!”
She blinked rapidly and said, “Any on their knees are traitors. Guests who were willing to join Moros. Any who are armed are against me. Those in the rooms above are our friends, as is Lord Disparthian and his remaining guards. There are Maqtu looking for them outside.”  Bewildered, she said, “Husband, why does no one move? Why are they…why are they as they are?”
“They are doing what they were told to do.”
“I do not understand.”
Ben pinched the bridge of his nose and after a second said, “You feinted and there was a battle. Disparthian’s men have won, Asatu. They are on the balconies above us, their guns pointed at Moros and his soldiers.”
The woman looked up at the Maqtu frozen in place on the balconies but saw, instead, Disparthian’s men, carbines to their shoulders, aiming at Moros. They appeared jovial and a few gave her a thumbs-up. One yelled down, “The situation is in hand, Annasa!”
Sargon’s daughter began to weep. “We have won?”
“We have. Now stay here and I’ll send a doctor to you.” 
“No,” she protested, shaking off his hands. “I need to tend to Fiela.”
“No, stay here,” he said, not using those words.
“As you say,” Lilian replied, going still.
Ben rose and walked to the physicians tending to Fiela. “What’s her condition?” he asked.
The physician with the stethoscope said, “The pulse is fading.”  
“Move!” yelled Ben, who dropped to his stomach so that he could put his face next to the girl’s. 
“Peth,” he said, “I command you not to die.”
There was no response. 
“She isn’t breathing,” said someone behind him.
“She can hear me,” said Ben, “I know she can!”  
Putting his lips back to the girl’s ear he said, “Peth, come back. The underworld does not want you. You are needed here.”
The girl did not react.
“Peth” the man said again, but stopped. This would not work. The living cannot command the dead. “Listen to me,” he said, and whispered something in her ear while placing the back of his hand against her cheek.
The girl jolted as if struck by lightning. Her eyelids opened a quarter inch as she gasped for air. “Mutu!” she rasped. 
“I’m here,” Ben said, his voice cracking.
“Here?”  Fiela seemed confused.
“I am,” he said, squeezing her hand. 
The girl’s mouth tried to form a smile but failed. Her eyes closed and she was still again. 
“She needs a hospital,” said one of the doctors.  
Ben rose, trying to control his emotions. “There is a medical facility below. You,” he said to a woman holding a medical kit, “tend to Annasa Lilitu. The rest of you follow me.”

Ben was compelled to de-animate several more Maqtu as he led the confused, impromptu medical team to the cave. Though he was loath to leave Fiela as the physicians began to work on her, he knew he had to return upstairs to ensure no new enemy faces had appeared. He wasn’t sure what was going on yet. Were there other attackers? Was the hotel full of them?
None had shown themselves in the Great Hall since he left. Lilian was speaking to a young woman who was cleaning the princess’s face with an alcohol wipe. The Maqtu and Moros stood motionless and surrendering guests kneeled on the main floor, in a trance.
There was renewed gunfire outside the hotel.  
The researcher moved briskly to Lilian and the woman attending her and whispered something to them. Wordlessly, both ran to the corridor that would take them to the cave’s infirmary. When they were gone he walked to the makeshift throne and fell into it, exhausted. He looked about him, at the dozens of Maqtu, at Moros, and at the guests. 
He spoke.
Moros swayed dizzily but did not fall. Blinking rapidly, he saw that Lilitu was no longer in front of him. There was, instead, a man - or rather a giant. A Titan!  Even sitting in the chair - and how was it that the chair had increased in size to accommodate him? - the creature in the yellow robe towered ten feet above him. No face was visible beneath the monster’s hood. There was only blackness and two orbs that shown like stars. 
The sharply drawn breaths around him told the Peth lord that he was not the only one to see the monstrosity. His heart racing, Moros realized that he still held his belt in the air, as if he planned to strike the creature before him. He dropped it and stepped back, raising a hand to protect his eyes from the glare of the giant’s gaze. 
“Nisirtu,” the creature said in a thundering voice that made the walls and floors vibrate.  “The Sillum sits before you!”  
Everyone present cowered at the force of the words. 
“Moros,” boomed the horrible voice, “tell me what has happened here. Everything.”
The Peth lord complied without hesitation, his fear mounting as a black fog began to rise up from the floor. When he was done, the Sillum growled and surveyed the room.
“Who among you,” it boomed in its horrible voice, “have this night pledged yourselves to Lord Moros?”
The guests on the floor of the Great Hall shouted “Me!” or “I have!” for it was not a question that could be answered with a lie or go unanswered. 
The giant glared at them. “Rise, leave this place, and descend the mountain on foot until you have reached the great city below. If you survive the descent and the cataclysm to come, you may return and beg the queen’s mercy.”
Each of the kneeling guests rose without hesitation. As a group they filed silently out of the doors and into the reinvigorated storm, many without shoes and none with coats or umbrellas. One of the guests was Lady Del. Ben guessed the attractive woman next to her was the one known as Persipia.
When they were gone, the giant roared, “You in your rooms who did not abandon Lilian - well done. You shall be rewarded for your loyalty and courage. Remember this…” and here the giant spoke a word, before saying, “Now, go to your beds, and sleep.”  
The Sillum commanded the Maqtu on the balconies to return to the floor of the Great Hall. When they had gathered there, the monster stood and towered over them. The glowing orbs that were its eyes grew brighter, and brighter, and brighter still, until they were like twin suns. The Great Hall was bleached yellow by their brilliance. The room began to shake violently.
“You….” growled the Sillum, pointing at Moros and the Maqtu around him. “Listen closely…”
The Sillum spoke, and the fires that would not end sparked to life.

Disparthian’s second platoon, tasked to clear the hills, had been surprised to see Maqtu approaching them. But the rebels were supposed to be their allies and so were allowed to approach the ridgeline unchecked until one of Disparthian’s sergeants, a man who fought the Maqtu for years and who still didn’t trust them, challenged them. He reminded them gruffly that clearing the ridge was the responsibility of “real Peth” and not “Maqtu mercenaries.”  
This was not well received by the Maqtu. Already tasked to kill the remaining Peth, they opted to immediately open fire, thus forfeiting the element of surprise that might have ensured their victory over the unsuspecting platoon. 
It was a huge tactical blunder. Disparthian’s Peth, now knowing the Maqtu’s intentions, and being at the top of the ridge, had a decisive advantage as they shot down at them from behind the cover of trees and concealed by darkness. The rebels found themselves lying prone in the mud with no available cover, illuminated by the courtyard lights and trying to fire up and into the rain at Disparthian’s nearly invisible troops. 
Lord Disparthian had been searching for Fiela some fifty yards away when the first shots were fired. Hearing the gunfire, he moved quickly to assess the situation. Seeing the Maqtu firing up at his platoon, he moved in behind the rebels and began to pick them off one at a time even as his Peth engaged them from above.
The skirmish was brief and decisive. The larger Maqtu force was decimated in quick order. The Peth lord, understanding the implications of the rebel attack, ran back toward the Great Hall while yelling for his guards to follow him. His worst fears seemed confirmed when he heard hellish screams emanating from inside. 

 The scene before Disparthian when he entered Steepleguard was surreal. His lieutenants lay lifeless on the floor, Lilitu was gone, and the Maqtu stood in clusters around the room screaming their heads off. It was a hellish chorus. At the far end of the hall, on the stage, was a man fitting the description of Ben Mitchell sitting in a chair in a grimy pair of jeans and a bloody shirt.
Only when the Peth lord approached the stage did he see that Moros was among the people screaming. The scene made no sense. Nothing was being done to the Maqtu or to Moros, yet to hear them he would have sworn that they were being tortured. 
“Benzira…” began Disparthian, but he reconsidered, and said, “Anax?”
The man in the chair suddenly raised his head and the lord stumbled backwards, terrified. The thing in front of him had large glowing orbs of yellow light where its eyes should have been. It was not Ben Mitchell.
“Who are you?” it said in a gravelly, evil voice.
“I…” said the Peth, continuing to walk backwards, a terror gripping his heart like none he had ever experienced, “I am Disparthian.”
Immediately, the yellow orbs burned out, and the eyes of a man, a very tired man, appeared in their place. 
“Disparthian…” the thing that was again a man said. “Lilian told me about you. I’m...Ben.”  The man said his own name as if it was foreign to him. 
“Anax Sargon,” said Disparthian, daring to step forward. “What is happening here?”
The other man evaluated his surroundings and appeared as surprised as Disparthian. After a moment of thought, he said, “Punishment.”
“Punishment for what, Anax?”
Ben spoke a word that conveyed everything he knew to the lord.
“I understand you anger,” said Disparthian. “But how long must this go on?”
The man on the stage asked, “How long do you think is sufficient for what they have done to my family?”
Disparthian said, “I think they have suffered enough. The proper punishment, the merciful punishment, is execution. Torture is against your nature, Anax. I can see it in your countenance.” 
Ben mulled that over as he watched Disparthian’s Peth arrive through the main doors. Like their commander, each of them stopped abruptly, baffled by the scene before them.
Ben nodded and rose. “Can you and your Peth see to that, then? The executions?”
“Yes, Anax.”
The king shuffled to the edge of the stage and almost fell off. Disparthian caught him just before he did and helped him to the floor. 
“You must rest,” the lord said.
Ben spoke and the screaming stopped. He said to Disparthian,  “They will do whatever you tell them.” He looked beyond the man, toward his troops, and yelled, “When the executions are complete, you will remember that it was you who corralled Moros’s troops and the rebels, that you fought bravely and overcame tremendous odds. You will not remember this conversation or seeing our enemies in this state.”
The Empyrean seeds began to germinate in their minds. 
As Disparthian and his troops moved back towards the doors, their captives in tow, Ben yelled after them. “Wait!  You know what? You’ll also remember me kicking the living shit out of Moros and him crying like a baby.”
As the last of the enemy forces followed the Peth from the hotel, Ben slowly trudged back to the entrance to the cave.
“I am the king, after all,” he mumbled to himself.

The physicians told Ben that Lilian was in good health but sedated and that Fiela was stable. He had asked if the Peth should be transferred to a hospital and they told him that the facility in the cave was surprisingly advanced and that they had everything they needed to treat her there. In any event, hospital helicopters were almost certainly not flying in the storm and an ambulance would take too long to reach Steepleguard. 
Even if transporting the girl had been less problematic, they didn’t want her in a hospital. It would be a bad place, tomorrow. Tomorrow the lights were going to go out.
Ten of the guests were, not accidentally, nurses, and Fiela was being constantly monitored. Ben directed that another bed be moved next to hers and, undeterred by the disapproving expressions of those around him, he lay down next to the girl, placing a hand on her cheek.
“Lord Disparthian is in charge,” he told one of the attendants over a shoulder. “If he or anyone else needs me, I will be here. Tend to the wounded.”
The attendant nodded and made a swift exit.

Fiela stirred. Looking at the clock on the wall, Ben saw it was just after three o’clock in the morning. 
“Mutu,” she said, blinking at him. She placed her hand on his. It had an IV tube attached to it, the needle held in place with white tape.
“I’m here,” he said.
She managed a weak smile and said in a voice that was a whisper, “Duh.”
Ben laughed. “You see, your English is improving already.”
The girl looked confused. “But I am not speaking English.”
The man realized the girl was right. She’d spoken in Agati, and so had he.
“You don’t even have an accent,” Fiela said, marveling at his words. 
“I’ve got a gift for languages,” he replied lamely. 
The girl seemed to drift back to sleep, but then said, her eyes still closed, “Where were you?”
He assumed she was asking where he was during the reception. “In the tablet vault. I fell asleep.”
“Really? I thought you left. Because of me.”
He didn’t understand. “Because of you?”
She whispered, “I wasn’t scared of you, Mutu. You didn’t do anything wrong.”
“Don’t worry about that, Fiela. It was a misunderstanding.”
She shook her head slowly and her eyes became wet. “I thought you were dead because of me.”
“Like I said, it was a misunderstanding. It’s my fault for disappearing like that. Get some rest.”
Fiela nodded but kept speaking. “I didn’t abandon you, Mutu. I kept looking.”
“The vault door was locked. There was no way you could find me.”
She shook her head weakly. “I heard your voice and you were saying the most beautiful things. It was like a poem. That’s how I knew you weren’t…there.”
“Where?”
But she was asleep.



Part 7 - September 26th and 27th

Barbarism is the natural state of mankind. Civilization is unnatural. It is a whim of circumstance. And barbarism must always ultimately triumph. 

Robert E. Howard, Beyond the Black River

Chapter 48 - Sparks

Steepleguard had several turrets that climbed six stories into the air, each of which housed what Ben dubbed ‘Vegas Suites.’   He, Lilian and Fiela occupied one of these turrets and negotiations were underway as to who would occupy the others, though there was little doubt it would be the highest-ranking nobility present, as well as Disparthian. Ruffling a few feathers, he used his authority as Anax, which still felt pretty damn silly, to appropriate one of the turrets for use as a temporary command center. This particular turret offered excellent views of the surrounding country and elevations suitable for the placement of HF, VHF, UHF, and satellite antennas. 
As a result of Ridley’s forethought, there were a number of electrical engineers and communication specialists among the Nisirtu present at Steepleguard. To Ben’s surprise, Lord Disparthian had a PhD in Telecommunications Engineering, so he put the Peth lord in charge of assembling the command center, telling him that he wanted at least twenty large high-definition monitors removed from the guest quarters and placed on the walls of the appropriated suite. Ten of the monitors were to be tuned to television news broadcasts while the other ten would display the home pages of what he considered the most reliable internet news sites. Ben further required that police scanners and military-grade receivers be brought to the turret and that Peth be assigned to monitoring local and HAM radio traffic.
Disparthian had strongly recommended that any radios and electronics not immediately needed be kept in the cave in one of the armored rooms to preserve them against the anticipated Electromagnetic Pulses, pointing out that all equipment in the command center would be put permanently out of commission once the EMP hit. Ben had agreed, and further directed that all electronics of value in the hotel be moved to the cave and similarly protected. Televisions were of dubious value but computers would still be needed, as would far simpler items, such microwave ovens and even stereos.
The new king also ordered that a team of Disparthian’s choosing be assigned to record and timestamp, in journals, events as they unfolded. Paper journals. Ben planned to compare what was observed to what the scripts called for and check for any discrepancies. If asked why he was doing this, he wouldn’t have been able to provide an answer, but his instincts were that at some point in the future the analysis would be of value. He would at least have a written record for posterity of the events that occurred the day humanity was pushed into the abyss.
After inspecting a map of the local area, Ben and the Peth had identified the best locations for roadblocks, bunkers, and observation towers. Knowing they would probably not be operational after the EMP attacks, all cars, vans, and small trucks were being placed at strategic points on the roads leading to Steepleguard. The vehicles would not fully block the roads but would force anyone approaching the hotel to zigzag between them in full view of distant observation points.  The semi-trailers would be used by sentries to eat, sleep, and store weapons and ammunition at in remote locations. One had been sent to the park where Ben had picnicked with Lilian and Fiela just days ago. The overlook was an ideal position for an observation post. 
Once a vehicle was put in place, a record was made of what kind of fuel it used and how much remained in its tank. Some of the fuel would work in the high-tech, EMP shielded generators that partially powered Steepleguard and the remainder might be needed for other purposes. Having an accurate record of available resources would, thought Ben, be vital in the months ahead. 

“Anax,” said Disparthian, returning to the command center after a prolonged absence, “the praetors of Moros and Nizrok have arrived.”
Ben was sitting in a folding chair that faced the door, smoking a cigar. Disparthian’s men had found a box of them in the car with Nizrok’s corpse earlier that morning. Both Nizrok’s and Moro’s bodies were lying on steel shelves in the cave’s small mortuary. The smokes were unmarked but they were maduros and had the taste and pull of really good Cuban cigars. The new king had cut down on his cigar habit over the past year but the end of civilization seemed a worthy excuse to light one up.
“You’ve shown them the corpses and explained the situation?” he asked.
“Yes, and five of the praetors acknowledge my authority as Supreme Lord of Peth-Allati. They have already issued orders that all their troops immediately embark for Steepleguard.”
“How many will make it?”
Disparthian shook his head. “Perhaps half will make it here before the collapse. Some are at very remote locations. There is no script for this movement and international tensions are high. There is talk of war around the globe and many areas are quarantined because of Cage’s disease. All but the largest airports are closed.”
“So five legions are committed, but only half will make it here. That’s twenty-five hundred soldiers, if we’re lucky. Yours are on the way?”
“Yes, Anax. They will be here before nightfall. I had to delay their movement as long as possible, to avoid raising Moros’s suspicions, but each started their journey yesterday afternoon, and more importantly, their movements were scripted, so there will be no obstacles.”
The researcher considered this. “That gives us seventy-five hundred men. We’re going to have to find a place to house them.”
“I already have scouts exploring options, Anax.”
“Good,” said Ben, though he was also worried about feeding the new arrivals. He’d have to do the math later and see how long the cave’s rations would last with that many mouths to feed. He said, “What about the other five praetors, the ones who will not commit?”
“They demand to communicate with their kingdoms for orders.”
“Well, that’s no good. I doubt the other Houses will give up their armies voluntarily.”
Nodding, Disparthian said, “If you permit it, Anax, I will release them.”
“Do you think that’s smart? If they aren’t our friends, I have to assume they are our enemies. Or will be.”
“Perhaps, but they are not being unreasonable. I do not wish to condemn them for their masters’ sins against us.  They are praetors, Anax. I know many of them and they are good and honorable men and women. That they would seek their regents’ guidance before joining a rogue kingdom is understandable.”
Ben laughed. “A rogue kingdom. Is that what we are?”
“For now.”
Ben drew on the cigar and watched the smoke dance as he exhaled. “Detain them until three o’clock and then have them taken back to Denver. That will give them four hours to contact their Families. That won’t be enough time for them to act against us, will it?”
The Peth shook his head. “No. It will take longer than that for the Families to decide what to do, and even if they issued orders for the praetors to summon their legions and march on Steepleguard, it would be impossible, logistically, for them to get here before the collapse.  The Peth are spread across the globe. In theory, those in North and South America might make it here, eventually, but not as an organized army, and by then I think it more likely than not that they would join us instead of fighting us.”
“Good. Where are these courts, anyway? I mean, where are the kings and queens actually seated? Where do the scribes do their work?”
“They move frequently, Anax. The world is their kingdom, after all. But most recently, Moros’s Family held court in Morocco and Nizrok’s in Warsaw, Poland.”
“Yours?”
Disparthian gave him a curious look. “Here, Anax. My king and queen are seated here.”
 
Ben took a moment to step out onto the high balcony that floated on the edge of the turret. He breathed in the fresh mountain air and marveled that for the first time in almost a week the skies were a pure, crystal blue. It seemed wrong that it should be so, given what would happen later that day, but he reminded himself that weather was a local event and while the skies had cleared over the Rockies the storms Steepleguard had endured were now hitting the Midwest. 
As he admired the mountains and meditated on what needed to be done, Lilian appeared next to him. She was wearing a white mink jacket over a dress that appeared to have been spun from gold. There was a bandage on her lower jaw, the flesh around it a dull purple.
“Good morning, Mutu,” she said, rising on her toes to kiss his cheek. “You appear to be making good progress.”
“Yeah, I think we’ll be ready by this evening.”  He lifted her chin. “So, you’re minus a tooth?”
She nodded. “It wasn’t a challenge for the dentist. It practically jumped out of my mouth. He said everything else looks fine. It was, at least, a back tooth.”
“You’re feeling okay, then?”
“Yes. I’m very well.”  Looking into the command center, she said, “I will have dinner sent to you and your team.”
“You don’t plan to be here? I thought that you would want to witness…you know. The end.”
“No. I want to focus on the future. I will leave this to you and Diz.”
Diz. That was what Lilian called Disparthian, Ben had learned. He wondered whether the man’s other acquaintances called him that or whether it was a more intimate nickname, mindful of the fact that Disparthian had come to Lilian’s aid the evening before. How old was their alliance, exactly, and was it merely strategic? 
“What do you have planned?” he asked.
“Do not think me evil,” she answered, “but I think I shall arrange for some music in the ballroom.”
“Music? Tonight?”
“Tonight, yes. I’m sure you think it is ghoulish, but it will give the residents of Steepleguard something to do other than stew on what is going on in the outside world. Remember, they did not plan the approaching cataclysm. They have friends and family who will die in the days to come. They have lost their homes and live here as guests. You have busied yourself here and so will not have noticed that the mood is quite somber below. The children sense this melancholy and are growing afraid.”
Ben hadn’t thought of that. The fact was that among Steepleguard’s four hundred or so residents there were at least a hundred children of various ages already traumatized by the attack on the hotel. The fetches, too - he had given up on calling them servants, since no one else did - were in shock. 
Earlier that morning Ben had told the Ardoon workers who had come to Steepleguard for the reception that the roads to and from the hotel were blocked by National Guard troops pending an investigation of the previous night’s attack, which he hinted were the actions of a drug cartel. No one could leave Steepleguard unless given special permission to do so by the Governor. 
He took the lie a step further by claiming he had worked out a deal with said Governor to fly any immediate family from Denver or nearby cities to Steepleguard, free of charge, to wait out the investigation, assuring all the stranded workers that they would be compensated for lost wages. 
It was a fiction that would not hold up to close scrutiny but it was the best he could do on such short notice. He wanted to save as many of the workers and their families as possible from what was coming and toward that end he was gratified to learn that many of them had accepted his offer. Even now, a helicopter was landing on the helipad with two additional families aboard. Eight had arrived since sunrise. Tonight, if any of the workers demanded to be returned home, he would grudgingly accommodate them. 
He had also dispatched a team of four Peth to Denver to collect a small group of friends and associates and their families. He had called each of them personally and offered a variety of enticements, to include money, fame, and some more sordid things he wasn’t proud of. Most seemed reluctant to travel to Steepleguard on such short notice. It might be able to recover them after the collapse, of course, but doing so would be far more difficult.  
Tomorrow, Steepleguard would be locked down.
“You’re right,” he said. “Better that we give them something else to focus on. What about Fiela?”
Lilian grunted. “She keeps trying to get out of bed. She claims she feels no pain and accuses the physicians of drugging her for unspecified but nefarious purposes. She has made veiled threats against them and they are, understandably, nervous. A scalpel is unaccounted for.”
Ben snorted a laugh. “I’ll go talk to her.”
“Thank you, Mutu. She is demanding to come here to the command center but the doctors say that the stress of this day’s events would be too much for her. They will, however, allow her to attend my performance tonight on condition that she remains seated in a wheelchair.”
“Even that’s incredible. Last night she was fighting for her life!”
“Peth are incredibly resilient, physically. Fiela more so than any other. She once dragged herself five miles to a safe house in some Eastern European country only to fall dead right at the doorstep. There was hardly any blood left in her, according to the medic who attended her.”
Ben grimaced. “What happened?”
“Both her legs were broken, one in two places, and she’d been stabbed in the stomach. I don’t recall all the details but it had something to do with a fight on top of a building that became a fight at the bottom of a building. Her opponent did not fare as well.”
“Good Lord!”
“Yes, but she was revived and walking again in three weeks.”
The man looked at her disbelievingly. “That’s not possible, Lilian.”
“Fiela’s a very special girl,” the woman said, looking at him earnestly. It appeared she might say something else but she instead turned to face the mountains. 
Ben listened to the wind gently ruffling the leaves of the trees around them and the sound of the birds and said, “Ridley is gone, but his script continues to run, doesn’t it?”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean there was a bloody shootout here last night and dozens of Ardoon spectators with phones but we haven’t had a single visitor. No police, no distraught family members, and no news helicopters. It’s like last night didn’t even happen.”
Lilian nodded. “He did well. I haven’t read the entire thing, but I do know that anarchists toppled some nearby cell towers yesterday afternoon and that the Army notified local law enforcement of a military exercise near this location. Also, all the roads leading to Steepleguard are buried under ten feet of mud, rock, and debris from the storm. Not that it matters, really. The world is falling apart.  We are quite forgotten.”
“I wonder where he’s gone,” Ben murmured.
“As do I.” She drew away and looked up, saying, “That reminds me. You should inventory the books in his study when you have an opportunity. I think you will find the collection quite extraordinary and certain books to be particularly useful in the days ahead.”
“Such as?”
“Livy’s Ab Urbe Condita Libri.”
Ben raised his eyebrows. “The History of Rome? I could use a refresher, but I’ve read all of Livy’s works, Lilian.”
“I doubt you’ve read them all.”
He sighed. “Okay, I’ve read all his surviving works. Over a hundred volumes of History have been lost.”
She pushed out her lower lip and gazed at the sky. “Well, I wouldn’t say lost. The Nisirtu didn’t care for the content in some of books, especially once Livy started swapping notes with Julius Obsequens. Troublemakers, both of them. You’ll find that Ridley has the complete set.”
Before the google-eyed researcher could respond, Lilian continued, “There is also a Greek text by Diophantus that Ridley said was critical to his script calculations. Apparently the man stole some Nisirtu scripting methods and then had the audacity to improve upon them before his work was, shall we say, liberated from him. And there are some unpublished works by someone called Louftcraft that Ridley said you would find interesting.”
“Doesn’t ring a…wait, Lovecraft?”
She shrugged. “Perhaps. I don’t care for the pulp stuff and I’m surprised you do. Anyway, you’ve got plenty of reading material to keep you occupied when winter comes.”  The woman lingered against him for a second longer before rousing herself and kissing him. “I’ll get to it, then.” 
    
Ben resisted the urge to sprint to Ridley’s study to confirm what Lilian had told him. Instead he returned to the command center and began scanning the monitors that displayed the latest internet and broadcast news coverage of events around the world. He found himself in a state of awe as the headlines rolled in one after another.
…Japanese Prime Minister assassinated during visit to Malaysia. Cage’s variant with 99.97% mortality rate spreading like wildfire through Africa and southern Europe. U.S. warns of imminent launch of ICBMs from North Korea, Iran. Twenty-six Interstate and Major Highway Bridges destroyed in U.S. overnight, crippling transportation system. Cigar-shaped objects seen over every continent. World stock markets in ‘death spiral.’  Thousands reported ill after water systems in Europe and Russia found contaminated by unknown microbe. Marxists storm Moscow demanding return to Soviet ‘prosperity.’ Internet brought to a crawl by ‘Gilgamesh Virus’. U.S. president unlikely to recover from Cage’s, vice president also reported ill. Paramilitary forces overrun seven U.S. National Guard bases in upper Midwest and Texas. Mexican forces reportedly positioning themselves near the Texas border…
“My God,” said Ben as he slowly pivoted and tried to take it all in. Every monitor in the room glowed with its own distinctive version of doom: Fires, explosions, sour faced reporters, terrified citizens, and the words BREAKING NEWS flashing at the tops and bottoms of almost every screen. There were so many things happening at once, all of them disastrous, that it was impossible to focus on any one.
Disparthian said, “This is what Lord Moros called ‘tenderizing’ the Ardoon. The fibers of society are being broken down. Half of what you see on the monitors above is a fiction, Anax. It is misinformation being introduced in order to influence how the survivors behave after the lights go out. The scripts are playing on their fears. People believe what they want to believe most of the time, anyway. Once the sounding boards are removed, they will be transformed from believers to zealots.”
Ben gave the Peth a withering look. “Many of these are your scripts, aren’t they?” 
“Yes,” said Disparthian, not avoiding the man’s glare. “I did not write them but I had them written. I did what I had to do to remain in the Seven’s confidence but varied from the objectives when I thought changes would go unnoticed. For example, I was supposed to funnel the population of Southern California to Los Angeles for an imaginary sea evacuation, when in fact there is a nuclear bomb on a freighter there at this very moment.”
“There’s a nuke in Los Angeles?” gasped Ben.
“It’s one of many that have been placed across the globe, Anax. The cities in which they are placed are called ‘colanders.’”
“What were you supposed to do to get people to go to L.A.?”
“Had I followed orders, you would be seeing false reports of dirty bomb detonations in San Diego. Reporters would be sent to selected locations within the city that have been irradiated and coaxed into using Geiger counters on live television. At the same time, texts and emails from thousands of anonymous people would flood social media complaining about nausea, burned skin, breathing problems, and the like.” 
“But people in San Diego would have known, right?”
Disparthian shook his head. “Who knows what a dirty bomb looks like? With those reports circulating would you keep your family there?”
Ben said, “In time people would learn the truth.”
“But there is no time, Anax. The scripts elevate everyone’s fears and then shut down any mediums from which they could learn the truth.”
“Are you telling me you didn’t run that script?”
“No, the script is running. I merely swapped the names of the cities,” said the Peth, nodding at one of the monitors.
Ben turned and saw the words NEWS FLASH BREAKING NEWS NEWS FLASH in red at the top of one of the international cable news stations. Below that, DIRTY BOMBS REPORTED DETONATED IN LOS ANGELES and a color map of southern California with concentric circles around the city of Los Angeles.
“You’re pushing them out of L.A.,” said Ben, understanding. 
“Yes, Anax. I could not stop the apocalypse, but I could save a few thousand lives.”
“Ardoon lives,” Ben pointed out.
“Human lives,” said the Peth lord, meeting his gaze. “The real bomb will detonate in only a few hours, however. I’m afraid most of the population will still be lost.”
“Why didn’t you just remove the bomb?”
“That was not my domain. I had no role in the military scripts and was not told where the bombs are.”
Ben watched the screens. “I still have to hate you. For being part of this.”
“I understand, Anax.”
“But if what you say is true you will save a lot of lives, and you fought to save the lives of Lilian and Fiela when Moros attacked. I honestly don’t know what to think of you, Lord Disparthian. I really don’t. I think our relationship will be complicated.”
Disparthian nodded once. “Welcome to the Nisirtu, my king.”

Chapter 49 - Fire

The Fleming Stradivarius that Lilian had played since she was a child had been on “perpetual loan” from King James II of England since the late 1600’s. The king had loaned it to one of her ancestors who, posing as a royal advisor, provided James intelligence that assisted him in quashing a rebellion in southern England.  Never mind that the rebellion was scripted to both occur and to be crushed, the Nisirtu nobleman was fond of music and so accepted the violin on condition that the king write in his own hand a letter stating that the instrument was a loan and not a gift. That letter, sealed in wax, was still in Lilian’s possession, and should the late king or his descendants ever appear to reclaim the violin, she would hand it over without question. 
Until then she would take good care of it.
She surveyed the ballroom as she lifted the violin to her shoulder.  Most of Steepleguard’s residents were present. Lilian imagined that many Nisirtu attended because they deemed it impolitic to reject the queen’s invitation but hoped that her reputation as a virtuoso attracted many more.  The Ardoon present seemed pleased just to have something to do.
Her program called for her to play a few pieces and then to sing a few songs before returning to the violin. A mezzo-soprano, she had included in the program excerpts from La damnation de Faust, Giulio Cesare, and The Marriage of Figero.  To conclude the evening she had arranged a performance by some of the children.
She looked at a distant clock and saw that the apocalypse was about to begin in earnest. Smiling radiantly at those gathered before her, she raised her bow and said, “Tonight, let us remember our ancestors. Qualis artifex pereo!”
There were murmurs of approval and a respectful silence.
At last she smiled and said, “Now, Paganini’s 24 Caprices,” and began to play.

The first major crack in the veneer called civilization occurred at 7:27 PM, Mountain Time, when one of the major U.S. news networks ran the banner Internet Outages Reported Worldwide. On the screen, a perplexed female reporter held one hand to her ear, nodding and while she held the other hand in the air in a gesture that said, “Wait.”
“Turn up the volume on monitor eight,” said Ben. He watched as the volume bars grew from left to right at the bottom of screen.
“Yes, Jason,” said the woman on the television, studying a sheet of paper in front of her, “right, okay…yes.”  
She looked back toward the camera and said, “We are being told, telephonically, and anecdotally, that the internet is down in many…what?...okay…I should say, is reportedly down in many places around the world, to include Atlanta and New York. Unfortunately, many of our network’s wire feeds are internet-based, so paradoxically, we are unable to collaborate from our usual sources how widespread this outage really is.”
The camera zoomed in on a stern-faced reporter to her right, a man with gray hair and a bowtie. “Sue, everyone I’ve talked to, and I mean everyone, is reporting an outage. Of course, any voice-over-internet-protocols are - is that the right term, Scott? It’s okay? - right, so any computer-based or internet-based phones are down, too. That’s what I’m trying to say. This has put everyone on their heels…”
“Definitely,” said the woman, “and it couldn’t come at a worse time, because there have been some amazing and, I think it’s fair to say, unbelievable reports appearing on the web these past few hours - everything from launches of nuclear weapons to alien spacecraft spotted - what? Okay, right, I must emphasize that these are, to say the least, ‘unsubstantiated’ reports.”
“Right, Sue, but it can’t be a coincidence that this internet outage has occurred simultaneous to the rumors of war that - unsubstantiated rumors of war between the United States and-” He tilted his head down, listening to someone speak to him via his earpiece. “Fine, fine. I’ll just shut up then. Vance is here - Vance, what could cause this?”
Another reporter appeared, a young man without a suit coat. “Any number of things can cause a temporary outage, but one as widespread as this? I mean, in the booth we’re seeing reports of this from every television news channel we monitor, so it’s clearly not a local problem.”
“A virus, maybe?”
“It would be one heck of a virus. It could be a combination of different types of attacks, to include physical destruction of the infrastructure that makes the internet possible, though the effort required to do that would be-”
“Vance, sorry to interrupt, but assuming this is a worldwide outage, will it affect texting services, emails, things of that nature?”
“Without question, yes. It will shut everything like that down. We’re essentially back to the 1970s until a solution can be found, but that will be problematic given that the people who solve such problems largely rely on the internet to communicate with one another. You can imagine the isolation being felt by literally billions of people who suddenly find themselves detached from the rest of the world. It’s something the current generation has never had to deal with.”
“But it is clearly no accident, right? I mean, the internet doesn’t just go down - some nation state must be behind this. Would the U.S. have a reason or the ability to do this? For example, if there was a war?”
“It’s hard to believe that it could, really, but if it could, war is only one of many reasons they might do that. Reports of border incursions around the world, of approaching meteors, of spacecraft-”
“Vance, we can’t validate any of that and we don’t want viewers to assume-”
“We can’t validate shit, Sue. Sorry, but we’ve got nothing. The wires are down.”
At that point, the camera on “Vance” went dark and his microphone was cut off. “Sue” was visibly upset as someone seemed to be escorting the young man from the set, even as another reporter ranted about illegal state militias mobilizing.

“The internet will not be coming back up,” said Disparthian. “Not for a few centuries. Now the paranoia will begin to set in.”
“How long before the television broadcasts stop?”
“Twenty or thirty minutes. It is important that the broadcasters not be given an opportunity to discount any of the misinformation spread on the internet before it went down. The misinformation varies according the demographics of the websites’ viewers. It is catered to maximize its believability. Conservative websites that were hijacked blamed the coming collapse, in some form, on minorities, anarchists, communists, and so forth. Liberal websites were tweaked to blame gun-wielding vigilantes, survivalists, the U.S. military, the industrial-military complex, and so on.
“Sites that catered to conspiracy theorists were fed misinformation about aliens and comets and meteors and solar flares. Environmentalists’ websites were fed stories about ‘runaway global warming’ and the rapid melting of ice sheets and coastal flooding. And so forth. Whatever scenario the audience feared most and wanted to believe has been delivered to them.
“Social media outlets were, prior to the outage moments ago, barraged with desperate pleas from people supposedly caught in nuclear blasts, or being rounded up and put into containment camps, or fleeing government entities sent to kill those who had come in contact with someone who had died from Cage’s disease. These messages were pre-generated by the Nisirtu and are now imprinted upon the minds of hundreds of millions of people, who will spread the lies to millions of others, by word of mouth. Now that the seeds of discord and anarchy are planted, they must be allowed to grow, so all news sources will be taken down before they can disavow any of the claims.”
“All of them?” asked Ben.
“All of them.”

The intermission ended, Lilian again stood front and center. An elderly man with Einstein hair sat behind her, a violin - not hers - at the ready. The queen waited patiently for everyone to retake their seats before saying, “I am minus an orchestra but William here has been kind enough to offer his services. I assure you, he plays splendidly.”
The audience applauded and the man named William stood and nodded humbly before returning to his seat. 
Lilian said, “This is a short piece from La damnation de Faust. She nodded at the violinist behind her who began to play. She sang:

Autrefois un roi de Thulé,
Qui jusqu’au tombeau fut fidèle,
Reçut, à la mort de sa belle,
Une coupe d’or ciselé.
Comme elle ne le quittait guère,
Dans les festins les plus joyeux,
Toujours une larme légère
A sa vue humectait ses yeux.

Fiela sat in wheelchair at the back of the room, and IV bag dangling next to her. She loved Lilian’s voice but understood not a word of French, and so had begged her sister in advance for a translation of anything she might sing that was not in English or Agati. Lilian had generously provided a translation, written in her own hand, before the performance began. Fiela tried to follow it as her sister sang:

Once there was a king of Thule
Who was faithful until death,
Received, on his fair one’s death,
A carved cup of gold.
As it never left him,
In the happiest festivals
Always a light tear
Moistened his eyes.

At 8:12 PM, the television stations started blinking out. It was like watching dominoes fall. First one, then two, then four, then eight screens went black mid-broadcast. When they were all gone, Ben had the radios turned on.
Local broadcasters were in a panic. They were repeating what they had read on the internet or had seen on television before those two bastions of information had expired. The radio announcers urged listeners to remain calm but to take cover in the event that any of the myriad reports regarding war, an incoming meteor, rogue militias, or anything else were true, while also encouraging them to take their radios with them. 
Many were astonished that the Emergency Broadcast System had not been activated, though a few pointed out that the people in charge of the system, whoever they were, might be unable to activate it, or the antennas might have been destroyed. Law enforcement personnel and local government leaders appeared at the radio stations to plea for calm and to ensure listeners that everything that could be done was being done, without specifying what the problem actually was, since clearly they didn’t know. There were discussions about contacting local HAM operators.
At 8:43 PM the radio stations went off the air just seconds before all the radios and televisions went dead. The lights at Steepleguard flickered, but remained operational. Ben, knowing what had just happened, stepped out onto the balcony and looked up at the sky, but he didn’t see anything unusual. He was surprised. He thought that an EMP blast would light up the sky, especially at night. Maybe the nearest blast had occurred too far away. Still, he knew that the lights were blinking off around the world. The grid was dying and the engines of earth were grinding to a halt. 
Electricity was again an untethered force of nature.

The evening’s performance was nearly concluded. Lilian now stood in middle of the ballroom surrounded by the children, Nisirtu and Ardoon, ages six to eleven. As their smiling parents watched from the perimeter, she said, “Are you ready to show your parents what we have practiced?”
“Yes!” said several of the children, while others look away bashfully and just nodded.
“Good. Now, form a circle and hold hands. That’s right…like that, yes. Very good!”
When they were in position, the queen said, “Okay, let’s start.”
The children, began to move in a circle around Lilian, “the Fair Lady,” and sang. 

London Bridge is falling down,
Falling down, falling down,
London Bridge is falling down,
My fair lady.

 Lilian, pretending to be astonished the bridge might fall, sang with them, suggesting in consecutive verses that the bridge be rebuilt with wood and clay, bricks and mortar, iron and steel, and silver and gold. 
The wise children, however, warned her that wood and clay would wash away, bricks and mortar would not stay, iron and steel would bend and bow, and silver and gold would be stolen away.
At last, Lilian, a finger in the air, suggested a man could keep watch over the bridge, only to be advised by the children that the man watching the bridge might fall asleep.
She addressed this concern, singing: 

Give him a pipe to smoke all night, 
Smoke all night, smoke all night,
Give him a pipe to smoke all night!

To which the children yelled, “My fair lady!” before falling to the floor in a laughing fit. The ballroom erupted in applause.

In Los Angeles, the night became as day.

Chapter 50 - Family Album

The next evening, the tears and wails of despair behind him, Ben sat in the tablet repository alone and meditated on all that had happened in the past week and wondering what lay ahead. 
He pondered Ridley’s statement that a force of some kind was being born on the other side of the world that would take possession of any lands that the Fifth Kingdom did not claim and that it would fight for the lands the kingdom had. What kind of power, he wondered? A military power? What of the other Nisirtu kingdoms? Surely they would not be powerless to stop such an advance.
Where exactly had Ridley gone? Lilian had said that the scribe had told her he was a player in a script written by another, but that begged the question, what script? Who was the author and how did Ridley know about it? Wasn’t it a truism that the actors in Nisirtu scripts didn’t know they were actors?
Ben wondered if he was still an actor in such a script. This question bothered him because it raised the unnerving question of whether the decisions he was making were really his alone. If the decisions he had made up to this point and would make in the future were based on a set of values and beliefs instilled in him by a life-long script, was he really is own man? Did he really have free will if everything he did was the result of some hidden power’s manipulation? 
The photo album in his lap made such questions even more pressing.
That’s what it had been, the thing on the oak table next to Ridley - the large leather book that Ben had seen just before the scribe had released the Empyrean. It was a photo album filled with photographs of Ben when he was a boy. His mother and father were in many of the photographs but Ridley was in all of them, usually smiling like it was Christmas morning and looking directly at the camera. 
The scribe had not been young even then, but he was less stooped, had more hair and his skin was tauter. He wore flannel shirts or sweater vests and sometimes caps with football team logos on them, appearing every bit the quirky uncle every family seemed to have at least one of. There was nothing that would make the scribe’s appearance in the photos remarkable, at least not to anyone but Ben, who observed that not once, in any of the photos, did his parents look at Ridley. It was as if the man were a ghost making cameo shots in family photos for his own amusement. 
Ben had surmised that his parents really hadn’t seen the scribe. Now that the block had been removed, he remembered many of Ridley’s visits and how his parents had seemed so remote when the man was present, often disappearing into their bedroom and not coming out until Ridley had told them he was leaving. It would have been easy enough for the scribe to convince them that he wasn’t even there, if he spoke the right word to them. 
The researcher remembered sitting in his family’s kitchen with Ridley studying the Tiwanaku tablets and how after several months he had achieved the “epiphany event” - the instance in which the entirety of the Empyrean Glossa registered in his young mind. He remembered Ridley’s joy and how the two of them had talked long into the night about a million unimportant things, speaking rapidly. He remembered the ice cream sandwich that had been his reward. 
He also remembered how a somber Ridley had convinced him to accept the words that would imprison the Empyrean Glossa in Ben’s mind for the next two decades and which would remove any memory the boy had of the scribe. 
One of many mysteries the photographs did not resolve was how Ridley had happened upon Ben in the first place. How had Ridley known that young Ben Mitchell would have the capacity to learn Empyrean? How had he found him? When had the script that controlled Ben’s life begun? 
A more troubling question:  What had those scripts required? Had they, for example, required his parents to die prematurely, or for him to enter the Marines, or for his convoy to be bombed? Had his hasty removal from Afghanistan been scripted? 
It was not a mystery, at least, why Ridley had left the photo album for him. The scribe wanted to assure the new king that his memories were genuine. It would be easy for a man with Ridley’s abilities, or now Ben’s, to create in another person’s mind an entirely fictional past. The photographs were Ridley’s way of telling Ben that the memories that were resurfacing were genuine. 
Unfortunately, the things that Ben had forgotten, the kinds of events that anyone might forget, remained forgotten. Empyrean did not grant its users perfect recall, and Ben had, in fact, forgotten many of the events captured in photographs contained in the album. 
An event captured in one photograph, in particular, troubled him.
Deeply. 
He pulled it from the album and inspected it yet again. It was a four by six inch glossy color photograph taken at an amusement park or perhaps a county fair. Kids were everywhere in the photograph and most were in costume so the photograph was presumably taken on or around Halloween. 
In the background of the photograph was a miniature castle, gray and menacing, generously decorated with plastic bats and sheeted ghosts.  A set of decrepit double doors were on either side of the castle, in front of which were faux-drawbridges in the down position. A rail with red passenger cars on it spanned the distance between the two drawbridges. 
It was a haunted house ride, as was made clear by the large sign affixed to one of the castle’s turrets that promised in amateurishly painted gothic letters The Beast Awaits Within!
In the foreground of the photograph was Ridley in his yellow robe, a “costume” that would not have earned him a second glance on Halloween. For once, he wasn’t smiling. His face was solemn, his expression omniscient, as if he were looking past the camera and the photographer and directly at the man in the vault now holding the photograph. 
The scribe’s hands were on the shoulders of the two children, a boy and girl, both perhaps ten or eleven years old. The boy, dressed as a generic superhero, his cape bellowing gently behind him, faced the girl, and the girl, a glistening toy tiara resting on her golden locks, faced the boy.  
The girl was bashfully holding an object out to the boy, and the boy, looking bewildered, was reluctantly extending his hand to accept it. 
Ben had recognized the object immediately. He had seen it before, only days ago.
A golden cup.

###

THE END
The adventure continues in Book 2 of the Nisirtu:
The Ardoon King
(Available October 2015)
 
The Seven Kingdoms of the Nisirtu have destroyed the modern world. There are no more nations or cities. The era of automobiles, telephones, computers, electricity and running water is now a thing of fond memory. The few humans who survived the Nisirtu’s wrath are in a constant battle against famine, plague, and anarchy.
But the kings and queens of the Seven Kingdoms did not know that a force of even greater power had ensnared them in their own trap. Now six of those kingdoms have fallen, too. Only the Fifth Kingdom remains, but even that once mighty power has been reduced to a single fortress, Steepleguard, hidden in the mountains above the ruins of Denver.
The Fifth Kingdom’s plans to rebuild civilization are barely underway when Ben Mitchell, the reluctant king, is trapped in a distant land, and Steepleguard faces a coup staged by a plotting duke from the east. Lilian faces imprisonment and her champion, Lord Disparthian, finds himself in exile. Lilian's sister, Fiela, has her own problems, having led a dwindling army to the wastelands to combat a seemingly indestructible enemy.
And yet it is the unseen enemy that is the kingdom’s greatest threat…”

I hope you’ve enjoyed the book and I always welcome reader comments!
Feel free to contact me at:
Nisirtu@gmail.com

Please support this series by providing reviews at your favorite bookseller’s website and at book review sites.  The Nisirtu have some rather spectacular secrets to reveal, but only to those who care to listen…

Thank you,

Sam Fort
***
Discover other titles by Samuel Fort
Cult of the Great Eleven


Glossary of Terms used in the Apocalypse Script
(Warning – contains spoilers)

Agati [uh-got’-ee]: Modern version of Akkadian, but influenced heavily by Greek, Latin, English, Spanish, Chinese, and various ancient languages. Bears little similarity to the ancient language of Akkadian. One feature of the language is that there are no plural forms of words. Plurality is conveyed by the context of the sentence.

Annasa [uh-nah’-suh]: Queen

Anax [ae’-noks]: King

Ardoon [ar’-doon]: Anyone who is not a member of the Nisirtu. In Agati, the term means “slave.”

Asatu [uh-sah’-too]: Wife

The Code: The modern day version of the Code of Hammurabi. The body of all laws that govern the Nisirtu.

Consort:  An official mistress to a king.

Cuneiform Nouveau: Modern version of cuneiform often referred to as simply cuneiform or nouveau by Nisirtu.

Channel: Monumental, traumatic events in world history designed to make the population malleable and that ensure the success of required scripts.

Fetch: An Ardoon personal servant and assistant to a member of the Nisirtu, responsible for ensuring his or her master is provided anything requested.

Family: A royal family and its subjects, to include a sizeable percentage of the human population. Synonymous with “kingdom” and “House” within Nisirtu parlance.

House: A royal family and its subjects, to include a sizable percentage of the human population. Synonymous with “kingdom” and “Family” within Nisirtu parlance.

Kingdom: A royal family and its subjects, to include a sizeable percentage of the human population. Synonymous with “House” and “Family” within Nisirtu parlance.

Empyrean Glossa: The universal language, aka, “The Language of the Heavens” or “The Angelic Tongue.” The “primal” language of all sentient beings.

Legion: Within the Peth-Allati, a force consisting of 1,000 Peth warriors commanded by a Praetor. Each Peth Lord has at his disposal 5 legions.

Lord of the Peth-Allati: Within a kingdom, the highest-ranking officer of the Peth-Allati.

Madihee: Nomadic couriers operating 5,000+ years ago in the vicinity of modern-day Iraq, Syria, and Iran.

Maqtu [mok’-too]: Rebel. A member of the three kingdoms that rebelled against the other seven when the decision was made to end civilization.

Mutu [moo’-too]: Husband.

Nisirtu [ni-sur'-too]: The Hidden Ones, or Secret Treasure. The society that has controlled the world for 5,000 years. Descendents of the Madihee

Nocte Sicarius [nok’-tay sick-air'-ee-us]: Night Assassin. A specialized Peth-Allati.

Peth-Allati [peth-uh-lot’-ee]: Literally, “Shadow Horseman.” In modern usage, any member of the Nisirtu warrior class, or group of members. Often referred to as merely “Peth.”

Praetor [pree’-tor]: Commander of a single legion who reports to a Lord of the Peth-Allati.

Sage: A scribe of the highest rank.

Scenario: A collection of scripts interconnected to achieve a single purpose. Often simply referred to as a script, that is not technically correct.

Scribe: An intellectual charged with writing the scripts, scenarios, channels, etc., that guide humanity. The scripts of scribes are directed by their respective regents. 

Scribes are typically addressed as “Scriptus.”

Script: A blueprint for a future world event at its most elemental level.

Scriptus: Formal title of a scribe.

Sereti: A female Nisirtu groomed from birth to serve as Asatu or Serretu to a nobleman, with expertise in court protocols, ceremonies, oversight of fetches, and other high level domestic duties.

Serretu: Wife, but of lower stature/rank than the Asatu.

The Seven:  The seven dominant kingdoms of the Nisirtu. At war with the Maqtu.

Supreme Lord of the Peth-Allati:  Senior Peth of the Nisirtu and Commander of all Peth Lords.

Ziggurat: Regional conferences of Nisirtu nobles. Locations vary each lunar month.
