The Tasmanian Envoy

Copyright 2013 Leonid Anin
Published by Leonid Anin at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Table of Contents
Chapter 1 – Morning of the Envoy
Chapter 2 – The Appointment
Chapter 3 – Corsair and Pyrate
Chapter 4 – Uninvited Guests
Chapter 5 – The Manuscript of Sasha Sokolovsky
Chapter 6 – What to Do with the Ass?
Chapter 7 – Elena Forelle
Chapter 8 – The Palace of the Equality of Life
Chapter 9 – Buridan and Allele
Chapter 10 – The Death of the Ass
Chapter 11 – The Bureau of Lost Friends
Chapter 12 – The Identification of Bodies
Chapter 13 – The Union of the Formula
Chapter 14 – From Belfast to Nice
Chapter 15 – Captain Faulkner’s Little Finger and Sergeant Doll’s Ear
Chapter 16 – The Idea, the Tiger and the Performer
Chapter 17 – In the Remand Centre
Chapter 18 – The Humanist Natasha Taminsky
Chapter 19 – Conversations and Preparations
Chapter 20 – Father Iosaf Yakhontov
Chapter 21 – The Losses and the Gain
Chapter 22 – At the Crossing


“The human race is unimportant. It is the self that must not be betrayed.”
—John Fowles

Chapter 1  Morning of the Envoy
On that day at about 9 o’clock in the morning I was finishing my ablutions – I spat into the sink and tried to describe the gob in words. It has no form, its colour unclear, but there is a lot of digested essence and occasionally deep emotions of a person within it. Perhaps a mouthful of spit encompasses previously unrevealed poetic images.
From a substance secreted by the body, I went on to look at my reflection in the mirror – the image of a man who had reached a mature age, with no hair but with an attractive, smoothly arched nose. Do I look like Francesco Petrarch, one of the first humanist scholars? All the known images of the great man depict him crowned with a laurel wreath, but his head itself is wrapped in a cloth looking something in between a tight-fitting hood and a woman’s scarf. What was that – a tribute to a fashion of the time or an attempt to hide the lack of hair? Was Francesco, like me, bald?
A knock on the door interrupted my smooth train of thought. Someone wanted to see me and apparently urgently. Opening to a visitor, I felt that the novelty invades my existence and maybe an adventure awaits me. A young man stood in the bright rectangle of the doorway and a sheep loomed behind him. There seemed to be nothing unusual. Nevertheless, the idea of ‘unusual’ appeared, and then another, Do I really want adventures? When they are not nearby, when they are in the fourth theoretical dimension, then I am happy to act as the main participant of any and all exploits and campaigns, but as soon as they turn out to be close-at-hand… well, I’m not at all sure. 
We both stood there in silence, separated by the doorstep. I moved back, allowing the potential bearer of adventures to enter the house. He did not stir. A young man of 30 or perhaps 35, medium height with a full head of unkempt hair resembling a long uncut fleece, his eyes hidden behind glasses, which looked as if they had been licked and covered with a sticky film of saliva. I made another step back and the stranger decided to speak. He began with an imitation of a sheep bleating and then produced other sounds in a dialect unfamiliar to me. Perhaps it was dog, bird or even a universal biological language. The language of life? Without interrupting the visitor, I waited for a continuation. He realised the futility of the attempt, smiled sadly and issued a phrase in a better-known tongue.
“Baa-baa. Are you the Ambassador?”
The Ambassador… what kind of ambassador am I? I do not have any authority – I cannot have. No staff either, nobody except Mlle Soya. And no communication with the country I represent. However, I do live here legally. Perhaps not completely, but they know who I am, where I came from and it is assumed that everyone is aware of why I am here. If you need to specify further, it should be said: I am not an immigrant, tourist or businessman, and neither am I a secret agent. I am the Envoy of the Humanitarian States of Tasmania and South Australia to the European Union of Life.
“I am the Envoy Extraordinary. I am their messenger,” I said, with a slight emphasis on ‘their’ and without naming the country, which would be repulsive to the inhabitants of Europe. Therefore, I said, ‘their messenger,’ trying to sound as welcoming as possible. He took off his glasses and blinked several times. A handsome young man with a tired face. He stood in front of me and nervously twiddled with his glasses. I felt the need to introduce myself again in their customary way, which involves communicating in the dialogue of the nonhuman citizens of our European Union.
“Woof-woof! I am the Envoy.” 
“Yes, yes… baa-baa. That’s why we came.”
That is why anyone who wants to can come here, anyone who has a whim to look at the biological and social rudiment, who wants to express sympathy or ask how I dare to remain what I am and whether I am going to transform myself into an ordinary member of the biocratic society. I rarely open the door to visitors; Mlle Soya does this. Have I made a mistake answering the door just when Soya has a free morning? My visitor noticed my hesitation and pleaded for permission to stay.
“I understand everything, Mr-the-Envoy. But we, baa-baa, are a special case. We left the Farm… we left the Equality Farm!” 
Runaway from the Farm helot! Persecuted, refusing to fulfil his duty as a serf. He must be called Helot – there is no other name for him!
“Please, come on in,” I said.
I stepped aside, flattened against the wall. Of course it happens – it should happen – but I have now met a human escapee from the Equality Farm for the first time. A remarkable case – a new experience. My heart began to pound faster. The fugitive went inside and the sheep followed him. A lovely animal – I have learned to look at sheep, goats and cows with their eyes… almost learnt to put myself in their European hooves. What a sweet creature… surely these two are bound by passion and love. The helot’s flight from the Farm became not particularly mysterious.
“Helot! Woof! Woof!” I said, affirming the name assigned to him.
“Helot?” He considered it for a second. “Well, yes Helot, if you, baa-baa, prefer.”
We went to the reception of my residence. This room also serves as an office and a dining room. The sheep behaved decently – she did not bleat, did not grab and chew on a curtain or tablecloth, mainly because none of these were available. The young man also stood with dignity. He stopped near his girl… sheep-friend, who lowered herself in the middle of the open floor. I sat in my usual place at the desk of the Envoy.
“And how can I help you today? I hope you know that neither I nor my guests or even the residence itself enjoy diplomatic immunity.” 
“I know; I don’t know,” he addressed my questions in reverse order.
“It’s good that you know. It would be sad to shatter your illusions.”
“And her name, baa-baa, is Allele,” he finally decided to introduce his partner.
“Nice to meet you both. She is probably not comfortable in this cramped space.”
I got up, opened a door to the courtyard and guided the four-legged visitor to the exit. As already noted, she was a pleasant creature but smelled of unclean sheepskin and I wanted to remove her from the house. Helot became agitated and jumped up to follow the animal.
“Please, do not worry! She is much better off in the yard,” I assured him.
There was no need to tell Helot that this would be better for me. To reassure him, I added, “There is no way out, not even a cat, woof-woof, could escape. Also there’s some lovely grass out along the fence. I think Allele would like to take care of it.” 
It seemed to me that my guest was exhausted and hungry. Some hospitality should be shown. When I returned from the kitchen, Helot occupied my place, sat in my favourite chair, facing the door and trying not to let his sheep-friend out of his sight. He took coffee and dug into a sandwich, revealing white and even teeth. 
The day began remarkably – in a tiny courtyard of the Envoy’s residence, a runaway sheep peacefully plucked grass from under the fence and her partner nervously devoured the sandwich expecting some as yet unspoken favours from me. The appearance of the sheep created a sense of peace – she was a creature who did not think about her fate. I know little about the cloven-hoofed breeds and am not a judge of their merits, but this Allele was an exceptional example: she had large, sad almond-shaped eyes, hair-fleece flew on both sides of her elongated face and it seemed that she could throw her tresses back with an elegant movement of her head. For me the least attractive sight is a sheep from behind – it appears as a clumsy combination of grey, dark, shaggy and stick-like, which contradicts both my aesthetic sensibilities and the Darwinian theory of evolution. Among its relatives, Allele was a rare exception and the first known to me. Yes, Helot’s taste was fine. If it is now conventional to choose a partner from a different species, perhaps, it should be somebody like Allele… only Allele.
Having looked enough at the sheep and the diminishing sandwich, I decided that it was the right moment to rekindle a conversation. In front of me was a man in need. I might not give him any real support, but to learn about his plans for the future and the role of the Humanitarian States and their Envoy in those plans was appropriate. I began with a usual introduction – imitating the language of a chosen animal. I uttered ‘woof-woof’ not in a rude or aggressive way, but because I thought it is customary with dogs to bark at a new acquaintance.
“It seems you haven’t been adequately fed at the, erm… Equality Farm. Sorry, but I cannot provide the right food. I don’t have hay in the house and for obvious reasons I do not keep products containing the Solidarity Mince.”
Helot cocked his head, and I noted how similar his mop was to Allele’s fleece. On the bed of love they’d mix and tangle and it would be impossible to distinguish between individual threads of fleece and locks of hair. Following this logic, I tried to imagine the arrangement of a bed on which it were convenient for men to make love with sheep, but Helot interrupted the nascent chain of thought.
“Baa… I was well fed and Allele received the best nutrition. We had everything… It’s not about food! After we left the territory three days ago, baa… I ate little but Allele was not short of…”
He spoke in abrupt phrases, throwing glances at me, then at the courtyard where his sheep-friend grazed.
“Sure, it was all like that,” I tried to calm the excited young man.
Helot, however, did not want to calm down; after fleeing the Farm and spending three days in the wilderness, he wanted to talk.
“I was happy! I was proud! Then I met Allele! Look at her! Is it not obvious – she must live! Is it not clear?! One cannot help but love her! Baa-baa!”
Helot looked at the sheep and then at his hands, licked breadcrumbs from his palm and swallowed the last of his coffee.
“Perhaps, but what do you want from me? How can I help?”
“Baa-baa. I don’t know. I just want happiness and life for Allele.”
The fugitive was beginning to annoy me. He did not have any plan of action. He showed up here to tell me about his love, complain about his life and get a solution to his problems delivered to him on a silver plate. Allele raised her head and looked at us with blurred eyes. Helot lowered his head. There would be no meaningful proposals from him and no exciting eyewitness story of a person from the Farm. Further conversation seemed pointless. However, humanitarian principles did not allow me to show them to the door. 
“You can stay in the residence for now. Nobody comes here except Mademoiselle Soya. And her,” I pointed to the sheep, “I’ll take to a shed.”
“Take me to the same shed and lock me up with Allele,” muttered Helot.
The situation became ridiculous. I did not intend to throw out the person who came to seek refuge, but also I did not want to turn my house into a pen for livestock.
“I just can’t leave you both here in sight. This is still the residence of the Envoy of a sovereign state! The sheep will have to be in the shed. In the meantime, I’ll bring some food and consider the situation!”
“I’ll stay in the same place as Allele! We cannot be apart even for a short time. Baa-baa.”
It was futile to argue, and the proposed option was ultimately fine with me. I locked Helot and the sheep in a wooden shed in the courtyard, poured a bucket of water for them and asked the young man to not make noise.

* * *

Keys and money in one pocket and a gun in another – that’s how I left my residence. The dwelling of the Envoy of the Humanitarian States was an old three-story villa of the late 19th century, converted about 60 years ago into apartments with a tiny parking lot that barely accommodates my VW Golf. Behind the house there is a garden with a single crooked olive tree, unattractive shrubs and thickets of greyish-greenish grass. To get there, you need to go behind the building from another street and through a narrow gate. Madame Fix, the owner of the second-floor apartment, has the key to the gate. I have never met Madame Fix. It seems that she no longer lives here – maybe she has left, was elected to the Equality Farm or maybe died… I just don’t know. 
Once I asked Mlle Soya what she thinks about our garden. Mademoiselle, while continuing cooking, replied that the plot outside was not a part of the Envoy’s residence, but its background. “Considering your status, I don’t think you have to take care of your background,” she added. Thus, we both reconciled with the overgrown scrub, the inability to enter it and the invisible or perhaps mythical Madame Fix from the second floor. Between my residence and Madame Fix’s apartment there is another floor, the entrance to which is boarded up and the windows are blinded by shutters. Thus, de facto, the villa belongs to me, but there is no announcing plaque on the door, no sign on the street directing to the representation of my country.
It is 15 minutes’ walk to the Promenade des Anglais, and it is about 20 to The Institute of Global Food Problems. Pausing in front of the residence, I wondered where to go first. There was no priority, therefore it was not easy to decide. Eventually I remembered that at this time of day at the Institute, students would be everywhere in the laboratory of Dr Pyrate. The picture of a student crowd helped to choose the direction to the sea. I dislike students. As the Envoy of the Humanitarian States, I have to sympathise with people, but sometimes I can’t; I cannot force myself – most people annoy me. Generally I do not like people. I like my friends and relatives and I love beautiful women… if what I feel is love – I am not sure – I have a better idea of what passions and desires are. These feelings are recorded in my genome. Not love. There is either no love in my genes or it is encoded with an unknown cipher. At some stage I tried to unravel this cryptography, to find the only suitable key, but then… by now I have suspended these attempts. I do not know whether it is worth going back to those searches. I am just attached to some folk like I am to delicious food, good sleep or a sip of brandy. Hurray! My attitude towards humans fits in with my current environment – the European biocratic civilisation, where I have the honour of being the Envoy Extraordinary. 
Abstract topics are my weakness. Ruminating about them in my head, I forget my troubles and upcoming commissions. While brooding I reached the embankment, approached a parapet and closed my eyes. Rays of sunshine pierced the darkened lenses of my glasses, penetrated my eyelids and drove away all the worries. It was the best time of the day – the crop of garbage and the waste of life of the past 24 hours had been removed from the embankment, and a new one had not yet begun to form. It felt that one could walk along the Promenade as far as the Port without fear of stepping on a mine laid by an innocent creature. I continued to stand still although out of habit my right hand rested on the grip of a pistol. Even at the most peaceful hour in a European capital, the possibility of a dangerous encounter cannot be ruled out. Someone pushed my elbow. I tightened my grip on the gun, opened my eyes and, trying not to stir, squinted to the left. There was no tiger, wolf or other representatives of dangerous breeds. A peaceful goat stood behind. Judging by her closed eyes, extended-to-the-Sun snout and a gently moving jaw, we both were filled with the same feeling of liberation from worries. I moved two steps to the left and turned my back to the sea. In front of me appeared a rare dotted line of cars slowly moving along the road. The sea continued to roll its warm waves behind me, and a sad realisation arose in my mind that I would not step over the parapet, descend onto the pebbles and plunge into the refreshing Mediterranean water. Today was the same as yesterday, and like almost every day… all because I cannot stand rats. I can’t stand rats even more than I don’t like humans. You can still talk to people, exchange opinions, spend time together, but not with a rat. Sure, scientists have shown that they are the most intelligent animals but I can’t do anything about my feelings! Dislike of mice and rats sets me apart from citizens of the European Union of Life, who have taken upon themselves the obligation to love all forms of life in the world. Well, the Envoy does not have to follow blindly the customs of the country where he serves. It is true that the rodents on this beach eat healthy food, that the number of microbes they carry is within the range considered acceptable in the European Union. Well, I still refuse to relax on pebbles, marked with their droppings and the occasional disturbing touch of bare tails. There are several places on the Côte d’Azur suitable for swimming, but they are not in Nice. 
On the Promenade the usual morning activity had begun: cyclists moved in two directions, several horses shuffled their hooves as they roamed freely, the goat that tried to get to know me continued to slowly rotate her jaws and a lonely sheep with no idea where to go made haphazard movements, forcing cyclists to execute dangerous manoeuvres.
Opposite the Hotel Negresco I found a clean bench and spent half an hour recording the events of the morning. I do not keep a journal, but I often write down interesting experiences and document my thoughts. Who knows, maybe someday I will publish my memoirs? I wonder how to name my future book. Perhaps, The Remarks of a Humanist on the Culture of Modern Europe. 
It was time for my daily walk. Turning my back to the airport, I headed for the city centre.

* * *

I walked along the embankment and through the park where the rarest representatives of European fauna live. On the left was the main street of the capital. Along it, a tram crawled at 5 mph to allow cats, dogs, sheep and turtles to move, run or crawl out of its way. On the right side of the street was Amalgam – a café accommodating everyone I came to meet. I lingered for two minutes at a tram stop. I cannot deny myself the pleasure of observing people, especially acquaintances, when they believe that I am not around. Such studies give me strength, allow the rising above the masses and affirming myself as the messenger of a different civilisation.
All of them together and each one separately looked ridiculously pathetic. Arthur gestured expressively, opening his mouth and uttering inaudible phrases. He carefully bowed his dome sparsely decorated with greying hair trying not to expose the clearing on the crown. Benjamin, his back to me, moved his head from side to side offering Natasha a drink. Natasha lowered hers to the table. Her usual reaction to importunity is not to object, not to refuse, but to look down. Even from here at a distance of 50 yards, I could feel the waves of her stubbornness directed at Benjamin. Only the tiger Bars looked as he did when I come to the company. 
I stepped out of the shadow of the tram stop and walked briskly toward Arthur and his entourage. In a quarter of a minute, I heard his confident voice filling the space.
“It’s lunchtime. For an hour and a half we will forget about things that seem important. Instead, let us immerse ourselves in a time free of worries, let us feel the taste, laziness and intoxication. Let us turn into simple representatives of the fauna like our friend Bars here.”
Arthur Taminsky stroked the tiger with his foot, and a low chuffing created the necessary accompaniment to the speech. Arthur chuffed like a tiger too. He looked around and focused on the approaching figure: me, with my friendly gestures and a welcoming smile. He smiled back and lifted his healthy, ready-for-lunch body from the chair.
“Yeah, the Envoy… please, honour us with your presence. I already started worrying – for three days you did not come to have lunch. Please join the company! Great, glad to see you in good health and an excellent mood!”
Arthur spoke in a comforting tone, a little louder than required, as if addressing the public in a courtroom. Only occasionally he spiced up his speech with an animal sound. Even here in a café, despite adjournment of business matters, Arthur could not forget the attentive audience. Well, he had no judicial wig on but that was not an impediment to proceedings. Arthur addresses me with a ceremonial familiarity and not just me alone. The same notes are present in conversations with his younger colleagues like Benjamin. Such a manner allows Mr Taminsky, despite a multitude of acquaintances and companionships, still not admit anyone into his intimate space. I am well aware of his social strategy. I feel that even if my attitude towards others is not exactly the same, at least it belongs to a similar kind. I am attracted to the judge’s company and think he has reciprocal feelings. We shook hands and I sat at the neighbouring table that Benjamin moved closer leaving a decent gap between the two surfaces.
“Perhaps it’s the right time,” said Benjamin, sitting down.
He looked at Natasha and addressed her. Natasha, however, did not notice anyone. She was preoccupied with something invisible. I suddenly realised that even the most attractive woman could easily acquire the resemblance of an animal. Six months, even a month ago she was different. I admired her. Like most of those present, Natasha peppered her phrases with animalistic insertions, but her quiet crow’s croak did not annoy – it rather caressed the ears. However, now she had turned into a donkey, with a fixed, thoughtless and tenacious donkey gaze, donkey neck and a donkey fringe stubbornly falling across her forehead. Even the T-shirt that clinched to her body was like donkey’s skin. Her ear – I saw only a part of it peeking out from under her hair, but this was enough – it would be more becoming if she actually had a donkey’s ear! I had the irritating suspicion that her T-shirt was hiding an animal’s udder. Almost in every aspect, Natasha turned into a human donkey… still – an attractive jenny.
“Perhaps it’s the right time,” repeated Benjamin.
What he meant by the ‘right time’ I never knew. The waiter came up. He barked twice then meowed, and only after such a commonly accepted introduction did he speak.
“Creatures, monsieur-dame, are you ready to order?”
The creatures-monsieur-dame looked up at the herald of food who appeared before them. They dismissed the world’s problems and sorrows, and the usual half-dialogue, half-monologue concerning the choice of food began.
“The usual for me!” asserted Arthur in his impressive baritone timbre.
“Full lunch, and nothing for our friend Bars,” said the waiter in the tone of an accomplice as he made an entry in his notebook.
“Natasha? What will you have?” worried Benjamin.
“You just worry about what you want, Benjamin,” snapped Arthur and immediately gave a detailed justification. “She doesn’t eat at this time. Food in the morning and evening; in the afternoon it’s wine and cigarettes. Someone should study why so many healthy human females avoid food in the middle of the day.”
“You’re wrong, papa!” Natasha entered the conversation, “Hardly anybody feeds like me! Caw! Caw!” 
“Sorry daughter, but there are really only a few, otherwise science would become involved and boring but convincing articles might appear. Something like The Nutrition Theory of N. Taminsky. Boffins are keen to explain everything that is ordinary.”
Arthur’s voice grew stronger; he felt a surge of desire to discuss a topic that materialised from thin air. Bars chuffed with satisfaction underneath the table. A young cow appeared behind Arthur, apparently attracted by his speech. Her tongue was almost licking the judge’s shoulder. Sensing meat, Bars made a sound well understood by the intruder. The cow hastily departed, leaving in her wake a trail of upset tables and broken plates. 
Instead of repeating his stale aphorism word for word, Benjamin stated, “It’s high time,” then ventured, “coffee and a glass of Sauvignon for madam.” Arthur reassured Bars with a touch of the toe and hit the table twice with his palm.
“Chuff! I beg you, Benny! Stop caring. Do not spoil lunch! Even if you persuade my daughter to have something, no good will come of it. We’ll have to endure her sulking.”
Benjamin nodded and, without looking at the waiter, said, “A glass of Burgundy and a green hamburger.” The waiter took a step aside and raised his eyes to the sky. Such a gesture meant that my turn has come. Having received my order, he turned his back and left without saying a word. I have long become accustomed to such treatment – anyone, even the most insignificant employee in the performance of duties, must show contempt for a representative of the Humanitarian States. Well, being the legate of that country I have to accept the treatment due – my words go unanswered or they answer me, looking away. In a restaurant no one will sit with me at the same table. True, good acquaintances dare to move closer so they do not have to shout, but only good ones such as the Taminskys and Benjamin. Predictably, this time did not differ from all the previous occasions: we sat apart and had – mainly thanks to Arthur – a meaningless chitchat. 
“It is the best part of a day,” he broadcasted to the table, “unfortunately, the walls of time and duty are built on both sides of this wholesome hour. I would even designate time-duty as a single noun. Time-duty is very like space-time. Perhaps I’ve discovered a new law of physical reality – the law of time-duty. What do you say to that, daughter?”
“Caw-caw! An Einstein! If you were not confined by these walls, you’d burst from indulgencies.”
“That’s right,” Arthur softened the sound of his voice, “I need to be limited for my own good. I should be limited in both my repose and service to society, which I conduct no less passionately. However, the paradox of existence is that restrictions are imposed even on those who do not need them at all. Isn’t that so Benjamin?”
“If you are suggesting me, sir,” Benjamin said, staring at Natasha’s fingers as they nervously moved across the table’s surface, “if you mean me, I voluntarily restrain myself.”
After a pause that coincided with a hesitation of Natasha’s hands, Benjamin quickly added, “I only eat blood-free, motionless flesh growing from the soil!” Arthur sighed, straightened the imagined wig on his head, looked out from underneath it at Benjamin and then at his daughter.
“You eat weeds because you know too much. You’ve learnt various sayings, convinced yourself that meat is indecent and protected your digestive system from it. Vegetarianism, Benny, stems from the excesses of rationalisation and unnatural theories. I suspect that vegetarianism, forgive me for being rude, is akin to humanism.”
Benjamin knew his boss well enough and understood the futility of any dispute with him. Arthur, without showing either an accomplished logic or outstanding knowledge of a subject, can always crush his opponents in a ‘discussion’ with pithy phrases and an assertive voice. Opinions expressed by him are convincing in and of themselves, regardless of their content. All this was familiar to Benjamin; he once again looked at Natasha’s hands and said, “That is the point of view accepted by many.”
Two waiters returned carrying orders and another cow appeared at the same time. This one approached Natasha’s back. The newcomer showed no interest in our company – she waved her tail while managing not to touch Natasha and laid a ‘cake’ behind her chair. After that everything repeated: the tiger’s reaction and the retreat of the herbivore. Similar to the first party, she knocked furniture over and smashed dishes upon her rapid exit. Both staff and human visitors have long been accustomed to such incidents. Arthur took to his food while Benjamin and I divided our attention between the meal and the bored Natasha. 
“Wine tastes like blood! Caw! Caw!” she said, as if making the greatest discovery and awaiting the proper recognition for it. At the same time I knew that any attempt by Benjamin or me to praise her sophistication would be met with contemptuous indifference. As her father, the judge undertook to answer her and he did so, not raising his eyes from his plate. 
“Definitely. Much like yourself I have not tasted blood, except for licking a cut finger once in a while. However, I’m sure you’re right. Poetic dictum! Kind of veracity, which is truer than truth. What do we care about the real taste of blood? It may be like wine or something else. Here is the wine and we want it to resemble blood. Well, as a result it is assigned as such. Wine turns into blood – you may pour it into glasses, throats and ultimately arteries and veins.”
Arthur cleared his plate, stretched out and graciously looked around, absorbing the bright and warm afternoon. Bars chuffed, half appeared from under the table and rolled onto his back with his powerful paws stretched toward the sky. Natasha pushed back her chair, knelt down and hugged the tiger. The chuffing stopped as Bars allowed her to caress him, but he extended his head to Arthur and gently touched his leg with his upper canines. Natasha looked up at Benjamin. For the first time this day I saw her human eyes.
“Here is something,” she said, “which must be solved!”
“What’s that?” Benjamin averted his eyes from Natasha and began examining the surface of the table.
“Caw-caw? Tell me, what is love?”
She was shifting the conversation to a topic unsuitable for lunchtime. Benjamin began to mumble that he could not define the condition without preparation… he needed to think and reflect. 
At that moment I decided to go to the toilet. Even in a café I walked keeping my hand on my gun, inspecting the space to be crossed. After locking the door of the cubicle, I relaxed, did what nature demanded and decided not to – at least for today – burden my acquaintances with the problem of Helot and his sheep-friend. And I would not hurry back home. The young man would have to sit in the shed until the evening.
The same topic lingered at the table when I returned. They all spoke with arduous pathos sounding and looking like amateur actors. I caught the very end of the Arthur’s monologue.
“…and even if you do not agree with my definition of the phenomenon, even if you assume that I failed to give an unambiguous delineation, it still explains the functional significance of the event. In other words, I know what love is needed for.”
“What is it for?” exclaimed Benjamin rising from his seat.
“What do you mean?” croaked Natasha at the same time.
The answer was not long in coming, but before proceeding Arthur calmed the excited audience with a gentle flapping of his hand.
“The creation of illusions! Love is the best material for illusionists. A creature filled with the feelings and emotions in question is prone to believe anything: to find a deck of cards in a pocket, a flock of pigeons under somebody’s sleeve… and, ultimately, the meaning of existence.”
“It may appear like that, but still I don’t believe you. Caw!” Natasha interrupted.
“I don’t believe myself either,” Arthur reassured her.
Benjamin rose from the table. For a moment I suspected he wanted to go to the facility I had just visited but no, he was inclined to continue the debate.
“Do you not believe yourself, sir?”
“Of course not!” Arthur enjoyed the effect his outburst caused and the opportunity it presented to develop a new elocution. “Am I not a judge? If a judge puts trust in himself, justice will be upset. Chuff-chuff! With judges relying on themselves, we would have to get rid of both prosecution and defence counsellors! No – no matter what, I cannot allow myself to trust myself!”
With a theatrical wave of a hand Natasha rejected her father’s reasoning. There was a pause when only Bars chuffed, and this time even his throaty noises sounded pretentious. In the café of the European capital a play was being staged, the only spectator of which was the Envoy of a hostile civilisation. I loathed the performance and was irritated by the subject matter. Is it proper to discuss love with one’s father? 
I smoothed out a €20 bill, put it on the table, fixed it in place with an empty ashtray and stood up. The keen eye of the judge did not miss any of my movements. We bid silently adieu and I left my European acquaintances and colleagues. Now to the sea! Their voices fell silent – had they only been pretending and did all of that for me? This would fit Arthur, but not Natasha and Benjamin. 
Water, the Sun and palm trees stretching along the beach – only friends are missing. Almost 18 months have passed since my arrival in Europe.
Chapter 2  The Appointment
When Lev Bouni and his wife Maya arrived in the Humanitarian States from Europe, there were no properties for sale in the centre of Francesco City, not even in the suburbs of the new capital. It was the first thing Dr Bouni heard after meeting his friend. Stammering and anxious, Victor said, “We have four rooms on the ground floor. I can let you use them all. Paulina would only need the kitchen. You can stay with us.”
“Well, well. I expected my best friend to give up at least two-thirds of the house,” said the doctor thoughtfully. 
Victor squinted his eyes to the right, but he didn’t see his wife there. Paulina stayed behind to prepare dinner. He turned to Maya for help and opened his mouth to say something, but made no sound.
“Lev, stop teasing Vic – he’s not ready yet to respond to your joking.”
“I see. Since he lost touch with me over these years he decided that life with cannibals turned his friend into a lamb. Not a chance!”
Victor, overwhelmed with emotion, attempted to embrace both his friend and Maya at the same time. “We have a nice, big house…” he said, “very central, and for your office and reception there is a very comfortable extension.”
“Big and good for you does not mean the same for me. Besides,” the doctor turned to the ship at the pier, from which a few minutes ago he had disembarked onto solid ground, “you may not realise that a large part of her cargo is my furniture and personal effects.”
Victor’s mouth flapped open again. He looked in awe at the silhouette of the ocean liner that came from a country where the most significant part of his life too had passed and which was now both remote and inaccessible. Lev also regarded the ship. The impressive figure of the doctor stood out among the sparse crowd of passengers coming ashore.
“Well Victor, here we are again on the same island and in the same town. You imagined you could get rid of me. Well, good try! Neighbours as before… we’ll drink our tea on the terrace.”
“Not a single house is for sale. I mean a decent property,” repeated Victor stubbornly.
“I knew there would be none. And please, don’t open your mouth. You no doubt wonder why I asked you to look for a property knowing that you were not going to find anything. The answer is – so you would not forget friends and later appreciate my efforts!”
“Lev, stop babbling,” chided Maya.
Dr Bouni did not contradict Maya; he turned his back to the ship and faced his new life. At the same time, Victor’s mouth closed and a silly smile that was familiar to Lev visited his face. Dr Bouni smiled back and embraced his friend.

* * *

Victor was correct in saying that there were no houses or apartments for sale in Francesco City that matched his friend’s requirements. Nonetheless, the day after the arrival of the Bouni couple, it became clear that Lev’s plans had not included – as Victor assumed – applying his knowledge of human psychology to carry out an extraordinary deal.
“If I can’t find a decent house or a piece of land,” Lev said with a sigh, “we’ll have to go back to Europe. It’s better to live with cannibals than be homeless.”
That was how Dr Bouni initiated his house hunting. It was an unusual tactic – he did not hire agents, did not visit streets and districts consistent with his status, he even – which was quite unusual – had not demanded any action from friends. Instead, Lev spent hours sitting in front of a specially installed TV with a 65-inch screen. He switched between channels, which were only five, and sighed, “What a country! What entertainment!”
“This country is called the Humanitarian States of Tasmania and South Australia,” Victor invariably remarked with a similar sigh.
Also Dr Bouni drank tea, brewed first thing every morning and then again at 5.00 p.m. by Paulina, and he seemed pleased with this routine. “I hadn’t expected you to have such good tea. This is somewhat reconciling with the local civilisation.”
“There is one more feature of this civilisation – we do not consume human meat,” added Victor.
The doctor fell silent and looked disapprovingly at the Cognac bottle, which his friend relished no less than he enjoyed his tea. 
“Don’t you wish to join me?” asked Victor, following the doctor’s gaze at the mahogany liquid.
“No, I do not! Alcohol does not bring me any delight.”
The house hunting lasted two months and at the end of that Dr Bouni bought a plot of land. How he managed this without knowing and refusing to study the area for ever remained a mystery to Victor. 
On the morning of that memorable day, eight weeks after arriving in Tasmania, Lev announced that they were going to inspect the acquired site. It was just after 11.00 a.m. He was having tea (his second cup of the morning) from a china cup brought from the Old World. This low and wide cup with a delicate blue pattern held a good half of the contents of the teapot that also arrived in the doctor’s baggage. At that moment Victor, blissfully leaning back in his chair, brought to his lips the first day-breaking measure of alcohol. Hearing the statement, he took a sharp sip and the liquid went down the wrong way. A convulsive cough, desperate attempts to breathe and the chair turned upside down followed. Leisurely, Lev got up from his seat and applied a skilful hand to the appropriate part of Victor’s abdomen. The breathing resumed and then calmed. The chair was restored to its proper position and both friends took their habitual postures. 
“After inspecting the site I will have a small drink with you,” Dr Bouni solemnly declared.
Lev kept his word – that same evening, in the same room, using a beaker he measured 40 ml of Cognac, transferred the allocation to a crystal glass brought for such an occasion from Europe, and, without wincing, swallowed. After such a celebration, he examined the bottle and said that in the near future, hopefully very soon, he will treat his loved ones  with the product of a different quality, which would not be comparable with this one. “I grabbed a few bottles at €800 a piece at European prices,” concluded Dr Bouni. Victor’s mood began to rise. Knowing Lev, he realised that ‘a few’ meant several dozen or even a hundred bottles of a divine drink, the price of which caused a sincere respect for the doctor and a foreboding of taste to Victor’s delight.
Indeed a mood lift was required that evening after the bitter disappointment of the day. As Lev had planned they went to inspect the acquired site. The road was rather short, but he insisted on driving an old and battered Jeep. Almost everyone went: Maya, Victor, Paulina and two of their three children – 17-year-old Alice and 10-year-old Alexei. ‘The younger one,’ according to the definition of the father who did not often address his children by name. Dr Bouni himself took charge of the trip and Alice demanded the front seat next to her favourite Uncle Lev. When Dr Bouni pulled up and turned off the engine, Victor thought that he had lost his way and was going to find the directions or just felt tired and wanted to stretch his legs. However, as soon as he looked at his friend’s face shining with pride his heart sank. It made no sense to say anything – words were useless. 
Poor, dear Lev. What an intellect he had! What a practical mind! If only he had left Europe five or eight… maybe 10 years earlier when others had done so, when everything had become clear to everyone. And here it is: the result of years spent in that environment, in that, if you can call it so, ‘civilisation’. A downfall, a degradation of such an outstanding mind. Victor did not want to criticise the purchase, afraid of offending his friends. If only Lev had consulted with him first! The fact was that Victor knew the place. Who did not know it! It was necessary to warn him! 
The land was on the outskirts of the city, under a hill, more precisely in the middle of a slope. The view was quite spectacular: below stretched the city with its clamour and smoke, bustle, green parks and lights in the evenings, and beyond was the ocean. Further away was Antarctica, which could not be seen, but it seemed that it sighed on the horizon. Facing the city it was a gentle slope leading to a ridge of the hill. This slope has now become the family land of the doctor and Maya Bouni. All that would be great were it not for the impassable mud – an unsightly, completely impenetrable mire on this incline! The mire was always present – in the rain, in dry weather and even in July, when frost touched the ground and snow fell on spurs and ramps of the mountains embracing Francesco City from the east and the north. For this reason alone the site remained undeveloped and uninhabited. And now part of the bog, the largest and the most impassable part, was owned by Dr Bouni. In the centre of a 15-acre plot stood a dilapidated mansion built in the pre-mud era. Grey walls without a roof and one dark column inspired sadness, and the eye sockets of partially boarded-up windows with their half-rotten planks suggested that even the dying house did not want to see the surrounding reality.
Everyone in Francesco City knew and avoided the place. Victor stood at the very edge of the mud and, with his head down, examined the toe of his boot. The children, having taken off their shoes, started up the hill; putting on wellies, Dr Bouni and Paulina followed them. Victor overheard a snippet of their conversation: Lev enthusiastically told her how a lake would increase the value of the property. He wanted to cry, then to drink. The desire to drink was irrational, because there was no Cognac, no table and no glasses in this wasteland. 
Then there was the evening when everyone celebrated the purchase. Thanks to the doctor’s enthusiasm, Victor’s mood improved slightly. He philosophically concluded that nothing terrible had happened, that money was just money and that Lev probably hadn’t spent all his savings, and, in the end, they could share his house as long as they needed… well, for another three to six months. 
When they were alone, Victor hugged his wife and asked her what she thought about the outlandish purchase. Paulina raised her eyes to the sky, obscured by the ceiling of their warm dwelling, then quickly kissed him on the right eye and said that more than once Dr Bouni was proved right. Paulina always called Lev ‘Dr Bouni’ and did not like it when her husband smelled of alcohol. Victor sighed, turned his back to Paulina and fell asleep.

* * *

The next morning was no different to previous ones. Friends sat in front of the TV: Dr Bouni savoured his morning tea and Victor, having drunk his cup, turned to the Cognac. They lightly bantered, teased each other and from time to time fell silent. Both avoided discussing the purchase. Dr Bouni smiled mysteriously every time Victor sniffed his glass and Victor looked at him sadly when the doctor observed the golden surface of his Ceylon tea.
“It’s good that they did not stop growing tea!”
“And vines!” they said simultaneously and laughed. The morning tea passed on a positive note. Afterwards the doctor talked on the phone for a long time, Victor wrote and the women and children went outside. At three o’clock in the afternoon a tractor arrived. In the quiet street where Victor’s family lived, such an event could not go unnoticed. The tractor pulled up just opposite the house and a Korean man got out of it and squatted on the porch.
“They are not supposed to eat dogs anymore,” said Victor suddenly, and added, “The law was passed last year.”
The doctor calmly finished his afternoon tea, wiped his mouth with a handkerchief and rose from his chair.
“Kim prefers beef and pork and is happy to live in one of the few places on Earth where it is not customary to eat dog and human flesh.”
With these words Lev left the office. Victor looked out the window. He saw how his friend, wearing Wellington boots, arranged himself in the tractor cabin next to Kim. Victor sighed and touched the surface of Cognac with his tongue – his second glass of the day. He usually stretched his allocation until dinner. He resumed writing a play, which he had begun about a month ago. 

* * *

The next day Kim arrived again, this time in a quiet and presentable Chevy. Victor went out to the porch to greet the man. He liked Kim – the Korean was clean and neatly dressed, which Victor always appreciated in people, and he did not at all resemble a scumbag taking advantage of Dr Bouni’s ignorance of local reality. With a sigh of relief after shaking Kim’s hand, Victor returned to the house. 
The days that followed progressed to a similar scenario: morning tea, long conversations before dinner, Kim’s appearance, the doctor’s departure, silence in the house, gathering for an evening meal and more friendly conversations. 
Then the morning came when Dr Bouni, after taking a few sips from a cup, cleared his throat. Victor, who knew the meaning of such noises, pushed his own tea aside and straightened. It was apparent he had an important announcement to receive. Surely, Lev had decided to put off the senseless activity on his land and take up medical practice. Victor knew that, as a psychiatrist, his friend would not have a shortage of patients. Lev was silent for a minute and then cleared his throat again.
“Right after breakfast we shall go to my estate. I want you to see it.”
Victor was not at all pleased with the prospect of another visit to 15 acres of ravaged land covered with a brown slurry and being obligated to show it some sort of approval. It was necessary to invent a reason to prevent the trip.
“The children are at school today and Maya and Paulina went shopping… they’ll be offended if we go without them.”
Dr Bouni frowned and tapped a silver spoon against a tea saucer. A delicate melodic ringing forced Victor to shut his mouth.
“This time we can do without them. Apologies to those who miss the trip. I insist you see it again and I promise this is the last time. I know, however, that afterwards you’ll want to go there again.”
Arguing was useless. Victor drank his tea, cast a longing look at the cabinet where the spirits were kept and then went off to look for his boots.
As on the previous journey, Lev drove and Victor nodded, sitting next to him. When the car stopped at the lake he raised his head and muttered through his teeth: “Well, let’s go to your place – we’re not here for fishing.” Dr Bouni, who had already extracted himself from the car, was carefully stretching limbs stiffened during the trip.
“Come out and look! Soon we will be fishing and a bubbling samovar will be waiting for us, as well as all the other attractions of a real manor house!” 
Victor jumped out of the car and looked around. In the process of this activity his jaw went slack. He took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes. In front of him was the same slope covered with mud, but the mire had changed over the past weeks – it had become, so to speak, not as muddy as before. At the foot of the slope the lake excavated by Kim, with a small island in its middle, gleamed in the sunlight. Dr Bouni stood at the water edge, hands clasped behind his back, and with satisfaction inhaled the air of his estate.
“All the water runs down the slope into the lake. In a month’s time the land will dry out and I will begin the reconstruction of the house. My point is that the source on the crest of the hill…”
Victor did not hear further explanations, his mind’s eye had opened and he saw in front of him not only a great medical doctor but a brilliant engineer and businessman – the founder of a new privileged district of Francesco City, the capital of the Humanitarian States and named after Petrarch, the first humanist of Europe. Now the unexpected but very best district of the city must bear the name of his friend – the Hill of Dr Bouni!
“We will buy the whole lot!” cried out Victor.
Dr Bouni chuckled: “I have just explained to you about the water source and the inclination of this field.”
Victor fell silent, closed his eyes and imagined The Oasis of Bouni: a white mansion up on the slope, an alley descending to a blue lake, a boat rocking gently at the pier, the friendly smoke of a samovar. He took a deep breath in anticipation of the forgotten childhood aroma – the smell of smouldering pinecones heating the water in the samovar.

* * *

In the evening Dr Bouni suggested they go on a short break while the earth aired. Since there was a school term the children had to be left behind with Mary and Sean. This couple – emigrants from Ireland in times almost immemorial – always helped Paulina with housework and childcare. As usual, they were happy to look after two moderately active boys. Paulina, Maya and the teenager Alice set to preparing all the necessary items for the trip. Lev preferred to travel in comfort – he could not accept nights in a tent, long walks across rough terrain, the absence of a toilet and – most of all – insects. Thus his choice was narrowed to large ships, which provide travellers with all the amenities necessary for a civilised person. ‘Stationary movement’ was Dr Bouni’s favourite way of progress through space and time. 
Five days later, thanks to the organiser’s energy, the travellers stood on the near empty deck of The Queen of the South Seas dividing their attention between the coast that barely changed on one side and that vast space on the other that did not change at all. There were a number of stops and landings, all of little interest to Dr Bouni and Victor, but which other members of the party were enthusiastic participations. Instead of stumbling over rocks and slippery paths, Victor preferred physical exercise in the ship’s gym or swimming pool. Lev held almost the same opinion, but each time postponing physical activity due to poor health. The friends sat on the deck for hours, the doctor having tea and Victor with a cup in one hand and a glass of brandy in the other. They cast frequent glances around; it seemed to both that on the horizon another familiar shore might miraculously appear. Both wanted to be in a different place, but understood that complaints about the fate and failings of the world’s order could not lead to anything positive. “One has to balance one’s desires against opportunities,” said Dr Bouni. “And we have reached a very comfortable balance,” agreed Victor.
Their cosy contemplations were nevertheless broken once during the cruise. This happened on a rather nice day when there were no stops or other planned activities. They, as it has already become customary, were sitting on the deck; Lev covered his shoulders and chest with a light blanket and Victor kept warm with the help of frequent intensive walks and the application of brandy. Alice, who emerged from the cabin, crouched next to Uncle Lev.
“Why do we live in Tasmania?”
Dr Bouni did not rush to answer; he rubbed his forehead with his palm and went silent. Her father had to speak instead.
“They must have explained it to you at school. If they have not, the university professors will sort things out.”
“I want you to tell me. You – the eyewitnesses. You spent a lifetime in Europe!”
Victor sighed – he wanted to tell his child about the last years of their life in the Old World but was afraid to scare the girl. He was also worried about getting confused, relating events that now seemed distant and almost unreal.
“Let Lev do it, he’s just from there and has lived there longer. We moved out when it all started.”
“Aha, it was Uncle Lev that I wanted to ask. It’ll be also interesting for you to hear!”
“Maybe we’ve already discussed everything with him…”
“I doubt it.”
“Why would you?”
“I know – you do not say anything about them. You’re scared, both of you. I think it’s useful to voice your fears. It helps a lot.”
Dr Bouni took a deep breath and faced Alice: “Smart girl. If you want to specialise in psychiatry I will pass on my practice to you some time.” Alice crossed her legs; she knew very well that Uncle Lev had no practice, so his promise had little practical significance. To move the issue off the ground, Alice went all-in.
“Uncle Lev, please don’t be angry. I want to ask something and if you answer this positively… well, I won’t love you less. When you lived among them in a European country, did you eat human meat?”
Dr Bouni frowned, then touched the forehead with his right hand and decided that it was necessary to give the most honest reply. His answer was, “I’m not sure.” He tried hard to avoid European cuisine and hoped, not without success – like everything he did – but he wasn’t 100 percent certain. There were many things he was not sure of anymore. He did not even remember exactly how and when those changes started – the alterations that affected their lives so much. Was it 18 or 20 years ago? Both friends, however, remembered the transitional period well. 
Now on the deck articulating their memories they found themselves plunged into the past. Dr Bouni started a story addressed to a curious girl. Victor, who wished to make a ‘substantial’ correction, interrupted him. “You are brainwashed by their propaganda – I remember exactly how it was…” They began to throw phrases back and forth, stopping in the middle and forgetting about Alice, then suddenly turning to the girl to explain to her how they had lived in Europe at that time. Alice took possession of her father’s teacup and listened.
Victor’s mother was called Sorokin, and he never saw his father – a man by the name of Michael Benoit. According to testimonies of Victor’s mother, his mother’s relatives and acquaintances, the main asset of the Benoit-Pere was his Belgian nationality. Victor was not sure whether he had inherited this treasure. His mother’s attempts to teach her son French were only partly successful – in his early years he managed to read and understand the language of his ancestors, but expressed himself in it with difficulty. Nevertheless, after living in several countries including America and Ireland and having settled in Belgium, he added ‘Benoit’ to his surname. His conversational French then improved and he obtained a very decent position of an adviser in the European Parliament. At the same time Dr Bouni’s practice thrived on the left bank of the Seine.
Victor Sorokin-Benoit revelled in a sinecure job, prosperity and regular trips to France. Later he moved to Paris and became the husband of a beautiful model Paulina (a former patient of his friend), who at the time of their meeting already had a daughter called Alice. 
Lev and Victor recalled the Europe and Paris of their younger days. In those times Europe, too, like them, flourished, although it had quite a few unresolved problems.
“More than you and I had, Vic.”
“So much for them!”
In Africa, the Middle East and in other parts of the world, there were wars, famine and poverty, or it was simply not so nice. As a result, immigrants arrived – lots and lots and lots of them. So many anxieties and concerns about the fate of refugees there were that it seemed everything else should be put aside. However, a developed society has opportunities to address a number of very different issues.
“I suppose it all started with the Law on the Rights of Primates.”
“Passed by the European Parliament almost unanimously. Indeed, how could we leave our closest relatives without legislative protection if all people, even those with lower cognitive abilities, enjoyed constitutional rights and state support?”
“There we were! As a result, everyone realised – well, not to everyone, but those who could create and pass laws – that the value of a living thing, and therefore their rights, could not depend on the colour of skin, nor on the shape of the head, neither on the presence or absence of bodily hair!”
“Not on the level of mental development!”
“Not on the genes received from one’s ancestors!”
“How reasonable, logical and fair,” said Alice thoughtfully. “Of course it’s logical,” agreed Dr Bouni. “Infringement of the interests of one group of living beings by another group or species is nothing else but biological racism.” Lev fell silent, rubbing his forehead with his fingers. “You see, logic – if you don’t abandon it at some point – is likely to evolve into madness.”
“Humanism is the most sophisticated and the worst type of all known forms of racism. Humanism is intrinsically indistinguishable from Nazism.”
Dr Bouni knew Victor was quoting a key phrase from the first article of the Constitution of the European Union of Life. Alice got up from her seat and looked around, as if suspecting that there were Europeans on their ship.
“If they were not eating people I would agree with all of this. Uncle Lev, please order me a tea like yours.”
By a flick of his two fingers, without raising the rest of his hand, Dr Bouni signalled to the waiter. Victor turned his eyes towards the invisible Antarctica, Alice examined the not so distant coastline of the island that had long become her home. All three were silent until tea with a tropézienne cake had arrived for Alice, another cup of tea for the doctor and a glass of a stronger drink for Victor. Dr Bouni resumed the talk.
“Many citizens of the new Europe require meat, not bread and circuses. Although, theoretically, any human being could be made a vegetarian this would not work with a dog, wolf or tiger. Therefore, if the law recognises equal rights for all the representatives of the fauna, and the flesh of pigs, cows and rabbits is to be consumed, then humans must pay the same price – to commit their bodies to the universal food chain.”
“I always wondered who conceived that idea.”
Victor did not look at either his friend or daughter, it seemed to him that he had finally spotted the cold, inhospitable and not so distant Antarctica on the horizon, or maybe his gaze circled the globe and ended up in Europe.
“No one or someone. As they noted in antiquity, many a person had similar notions. There was not a known prophet or a forerunner. In any case, no one appeared in the official history. We live in a society of collective reason and corporate decisions. The question was raised in Parliament by Mme Lessing, the draft legislation written by Mr Svenson’s commission, and so the new era started.”
Dr Bouni fell silent; Victor was also not prone to further talk. They recalled the emergence (one can and should say right before their eyes) of a new biocratic civilisation. Paragraph 13 of the European Constitution established the Equality Farms. The weekly draws electing eligible citizens to these factories of progressive food – the Solidarity Mince – a ground-up substance of fellowship of all living creatures, where the flesh of various brothers and sisters is combined and blended. Not of all, because it is impossible to collect, grind and mix all types of bodies. An unfortunate imperfection. However, the human meat is a must – it is always included in the Solidarity Mince – therefore no one knows who eats whom. The idea is that everybody consumes everyone and vice versa.
“Then we got to scoot from there,” declared Victor.
The solemnity of his statement had not harmonised well with the expression ‘to scoot.’ Victor realised this and tried to explain by saying that their departure was legal, that citizens who disagreed with the biocratic system at that time could lawfully leave Europe. Alice listened without interrupting, at the same time carefully observing Dr Bouni and trying to imitate the tea-drinking gestures of Lev.
“It turns out that we live in Tasmania… it turns out that we are humanists only because we do not want to be eaten?” she dared to say.
In response to this statement-question, Victor bitterly agreed that, indeed, he did not want to be eaten and had no intention of sending her, her mother and brothers as lunch or dinner for Europeans. He concluded that instead of discussing distant cannibals it would be much better to bring the binoculars and try to spot whales, of which in these waters there should be many. Alice turned to uncle Lev, but at that moment Lev did not see the girl, he even forgot about his tea, which was getting cold. Alice had no choice but to go to the cabin for the binoculars. 
With the departure of Alice, the friends did not resume their conversation. Actually, there was nothing to discuss. They, like two compasses laid side by side, turned their heads in the direction where, as they felt, the Old Continent was still present. Most of their life passed there: there they experienced something resembling happiness, and, except for a legalised possibility of being processed into a food product, everything was fine.
In fact, with the help of a new legislation the European Union of Life addressed many problems that seemed insoluble. First, both lawful and illegal immigration came virtually to naught. If a small group of refugees arrived at the European shores, most human citizens welcomed them with joy. Racism, the former curse of human societies, had disappeared for good. In biocratic communities, comparing an individual or an entire race to monkeys, donkeys, sheep and dogs had become not only acceptable, but really une bonne forme. Moreover, in order to support progressive scientific areas, the European Commission funded research on the identification of primates’ and other more distant genes in genetic pools of various human groups. Homophobia and sexual discrimination had also become things of the past. It became fashionable, especially amongst educated people, to have representatives of disparate species as partners, female and male friends. Mixed sheep-men and donkey-women, as well as hound-women and men-bitch couples became the most common occurrence on the streets of large European cities. It is not surprising that the legitimisation of such unions led to a change of the norms of sexual behaviour; having sex (especially interspecific) anytime and anywhere became socially acceptable. Often, when going for a walk along the Champs-Élysées, Dr Bouni came across young and not too young individuals who having laid bare their lower body, passionately pressed themselves to the back end of a gently bleating sheep-friend. Just before leaving Europe, he visited the Musée d’Orsay and watched a lively picture that struck his imagination with its profound symbolism. The already normal scene took place on the floor least visited by the public. A young provincial female brought her friend, an ass, to the famous gallery, and was subjected there on the marble floor to his urgent desire. Everything was as expected – a position appropriate to the circumstance, motions and sounds produced. Nothing unusual, but a single detail added to the episode an artistic metaphor – an act of a new biological proximity was carried out next to an illustrious painting L’Origine du monde by Gustave Courbet, which once in his youth struck the doctor with its frankness.
There were calls for a change in many other norms of behaviour in the human population of the European Community. Radical groups fought for (and tried to practice) the abolition of clothing and toilets, for the closure of public catering, theatres and sport complexes. The discussions dragged on for many months and were resolved at a special session of the European Parliament. It was established that the ‘literal translation of the culture and physiological functions of animals to people’s practices should be regarded as a parody and criticism of the oppressed inhabitants of the planet and therefore not acceptable.’ A special commission had scientifically proved that the fusion and integration of the Earth’s biological cultures would occur in a distant future during the natural convergent evolution of the planetary biosphere. The first step in this evolution was initiated by the introduction of the language of life (Langlife), which included vocabularies from various human dialects, as well as word-sounds of diverse animal origins. Thus, in the last three years of his life on the Old Continent, Dr Bouni was not subjected to sights of humanoids relieving themselves in public places and was able to attend concerts and operas. 
The new life-affirming order turned out to be surprisingly viable. India and China received it enthusiastically. The United States, after a three-month debate in Congress, announced that similar but more progressive ideas had been developed previously in California under the leadership of Professor James Lewis. As a result the professor was promoted to Washington, and a famous ‘Lewis Amendment’ got its rightful place in the constitution of the great country.
The Russian Federation resisted the biocratic way longer than other large countries of Europe and Asia. However, it also joined the general course of advancement. It happened after Sarov’s monk Father Gavril had a dream. In that dream the Virgin Mary descended from heaven, embraced the monk and declared with authority that eating Solidarity Mince is nothing but mutual guarantee and mortification of the flesh, which from time immemorial were inherent in the Orthodox world. From that moment the triumphant biocratic idea and a progressive order conquered the majority of the developed and a number of developing countries. Still, there remained regions of Africa, Asia and Latin America that had yet to accept and introduce the principles of a new order. Of course, any humanitarian aid had become unacceptable in the biocratic cosmos. The United Nations, having lost support of the Western sponsors, broke up and was replaced by the United Life Organization (ULO).
Contrary to logic, one rebellious country arose and did not succumb to progress – the Humanitarian States of Tasmania and South Australia, which occupied the island of the same name and the southern part of the Oceania Continent. The Humanitarian States were formed after the departure of a number of physicists to the region who provided the country with nuclear weapons. The position of the British government also supported the Humanitarian States. The United Kingdom was one of the first to embrace biocracy. The biocratic laws, however, were implemented there with several adjustments. For example, the draws and election to the Equality Farm in the UK were not conducted weekly, but twice a month. As a result, the percentage of the Chosen was set at a lower level than in Continental Europe, and the country had been forced to export a significant proportion of its food products. Westminster also legislated other modifications to biocracy. One of the steps of His Majesty’s government was to recognise the right for representatives of Homo sapiens to adhere to humanistic views, provided they lived outside the British Isles. Because of these complex circumstances, the young Humanitarian States of Tasmania and South Australia gained significant strength. It was the country to which Victor Sorokin-Benoit, and then Dr Bouni, came to spend the rest of their days.

* * *

Except for Maya, hardly anyone knew how much Dr Bouni paid for the estate. Lev himself did not divulge the price, and for obvious reasons the seller also had no intention of giving out details of the transaction. Despite the surrounding secrecy or rather thanks to it, in the four months after arriving in Tasmania Lev became one of the most prominent people in the country. Every resident became aware of the ability of Dr Bouni to see the invisible and valuable in what lay in plain sight without appreciation. Because of this, the medical practice of Dr Bouni established itself long before he was ready to receive his first patient.
“First, I need a decent office. As soon as there is a place, there will be patients,” said the doctor.
And Lev applied himself to building the office. He directed everything personally: Dr Bouni was the foreman, designer and architect. He showed Kim and explained to his team where to dig, where and how much concrete to pour, which way the office door and the door of Maya’s room should open. Such enthusiastic activity worried Victor, who, after a memorable second visit, took an active part in the construction work. Once, annoyed by the lack of understanding from workers, Lev resolved to demonstrate how to install a garage door. He undertook to raise a steel frame from the ground and hold it while Kim scurried around and, not completely understanding the doctor’s intention, tried to adjust the loops of the lifting equipment. In the end the door was fixed, but Lev lost his main instrument – his voice. For the first minute, he only opened his mouth, then began to generate sounds. However, these sounds had nothing to do with his usual speech – they were squeaking noises or, as Victor put it later, ‘the singing of a dying canary.’ After watching and listening to this for few minutes, Victor became seriously worried. He was so concerned that he called Paulina and asked her to come at once. “And not a word to Maya!” he whispered. In 25 minutes Paulina arrived without Maya, but with Alice. They attended to the victim, and Alice got her own attack of hysterical crying, interspersed with laughter. Paulina produced a bottle of Cognac, poured 125 millilitres into a measuring beaker and, without saying a word, handed it to the doctor. Lev closed his eyes and swallowed the medicine. Everyone around, including Alice, froze. One minute passed, then two minutes, then three. Finally the patient cleared his throat and regained speech. The restored voice still did not resemble the former Dr Bouni’s. It produced word delivery, but with whistling and wheezing. Wheezing and whistling during verbalisations afflicted Lev for two months, and all this time Victor watched his friend not pick up objects weighing more than five kilos. It is not known whether Maya learned the whole truth of the mutilation that befell her husband. Lev himself later, criticising the consumption of alcoholic beverages, always noted that once a Cognac treatment helped him restore the essential function of the body. “But exceptions to rules are only annoying deviations and the evidence of our imperfection. I never, including that critical moment, enjoyed alcohol,” he inevitably added.

* * *

The villa had been finished and prepared for its occupants by the 9th of March. It seemed that a white two-story beauty rested for a moment on a green slope to admire the city beneath, the vastness of the ocean and a crowd of people gathered to welcome her. As if upholding her chin with two chiselled hands, she supported her terrace with elegant columns and stretched to the lake two charming alleys boarded with poplars. 
    All acquaintances of Lev and Maya from their days in America and Europe as well as new Tasmanian friends were invited to the housewarming party. Invitees had been informed, ‘Doctor and Maya Bouni have the honour of asking such-and-such to attend a modest tea party to celebrate the arrival of the Bouni family to Francesco City and acceptance of the citizenship of the Humanitarian States of Tasmania and South Australia.’
That morning on the banks of the lake, a dozen samovars were puffing amiably, ready to welcome guests. Many callers appeared uninvited, wishing to attend the event of the year or maybe even of the decade. Dr Bouni did not turn anyone away from his new gates. By the middle of the day about 400 to 500 citizens of the Humanitarian States strolled near the lake, along the alleys and sat on the lush green lawns. All guests, without exception, were warned (invitees in writing on their tickets, and those who appeared on their own accord – verbally) that alcoholic drinks were strictly prohibited on the Bouni land. Even Victor was bluntly told, “Today, Vic, do without Cognac. You help with a samovar, and in the evening I promise to open one bottle bought for €800… if you behave yourself.” Victor had no choice but to take a deep breath and behave ‘as he should’ according to his friend. While pouring tea, he circled around the samovar and regularly (once for every eight to 10 cups filled) burned his fingers or dropped the dishes. Lev, knowing his friend, took the necessary measures so that the tea party would not be spoiled by such mishaps. These measures included the supervision by Kim and his four nieces who provided a well-functioning mechanism that guided the housewarming train along a smooth road, while Victor only fluttered in the wind like a ribbon.
No formal activities took place. Throughout the day, Dr Bouni moved from one group to another, shaking hands and thanking guests for visiting his house. The day was marked by one unexpected event. It happened at the very end of the reception, when most of the guests had already left and Kim’s team, with Victor’s help, was preparing to clean up, fatigued from puffing and pouring samovars. Lev noticed an old man standing away from the remnants of the tea party at a pier near the boats transporting guests to the island. He recalled that he had seen him several times during the day, that each time the man turned his face away and did not have a cup of tea in his hands. Lev called Kim, took a cup of golden liquid and headed for the mysterious visitor. The old man turned around and lowered his eyes.
“How do you do Dr Bouni? Sorry for coming without an invitation.”
Dr Bouni was close to dropping the cup or at least spilling the tea. Yet that did not happen. The spoon clanged, waves rippled across the tea surface, hit the rim of the cup but – offset by a skilful movement of the doctor’s hand – rolled back and calmed down. Lev recognised his colleague, rival and almost enemy – Dr Nikolai Sinitsyn.
“Dr Sinitsyn, you are here… welcome to my home,” said Lev, unexpectedly switching to Russian.
It might seem to an outside observer that Dr Sinitsyn was chasing Dr Bouni all over the globe. Lev himself suspected exactly that. True, the two doctors rarely met face to face, exchanged only formal greetings at conferences but they always happened to find themselves nearby. Dr Sinitsyn, a psychiatrist like Dr Bouni, practiced in Moscow when Lev was at the start of his career. He showed up in New York (the young Bouni was already established there), and then came to Paris, where Lev spent his best years and built an enviable practice. Dr Sinitsyn opened his own next door. And now, finally, Francesco City… Sinitsyn was here again! It was obvious that he had been in Tasmania for a while, settled in the city and in the country well before Bouni. Lev did not feel the slightest joy from this meeting with a colleague. Psychiatrist Sinitsyn was ‘an ignorant practitioner and perhaps just a fool.’ Lev came to this conclusion because he attended two patients who passed through Sinitsyn’s hands. Yet, Sinitsyn had more profitable practices in Moscow, New York and Paris. This was illogical and incomprehensible, but it was a fact not subjected to any doubt, and this fact deeply oppressed Lev. And now again here it is – the Moscow-New York-Paris’s pain in the neck, thought Dr Bouni offering a cup of his best tea to the enemy. Sinitsyn seemed not to notice it.
“I don’t work in medicine anymore,” the old man said, “If I were still practicing… how would I dare to appear without an invitation in your house and vex you by my presence? But now I thought, I just wanted to congratulate you on your arrival and say that we are neighbours again, this time in Francesco City.”
Dr Bouni’s fingers shivered again. Kim, who noiselessly appeared from behind, carefully removed the cup from the doctor’s hand. Lev had not expected such a turn of events. Dr Sinitsyn, a former doctor, had not stopped to deliver surprises. Lev cleared his throat.
“Nikolai – Mr Sinitsyn, we have not seen each other for some time and, and I must admit I had not expected to meet you here but I’m glad. May I ask you to have coffee with me?”
He made a not very enthusiastic but sincere gesture in the direction of the villa. Dr Sinitsyn raised his surprised eyes – Dr Bouni invited him, an old enemy, to the house.
In fact, they did not go inside; instead, having rounded the villa, they headed for the extension behind the main building. This extension was a perfect imitation of the distinguished café Les Deux Magots. Even a corresponding sign was displayed over the entrance so that there were no doubt – this is the same café that moved to Tasmania from Saint-Germain-des-Prés perhaps along with the spirits of Sartre, Hemingway and Simone de Beauvoir. Dr Bouni was well aware that his imitation was a rather mauvais ton. “But I have no chance to be there again, and all those who I will invite to my Les Deux Magots too. Why not show off!” said the doctor demonstrating his creation to Victor. Indeed, Dr Bouni was showing off as he pleased – he had another set of decorations to convert the Parisian café into the Filippovskiy Bakery. “We are not going to drop in there either even though I sometimes want to… so let us play, since there are opportunities for pretence,” he told the same listener.
Dr Sinitsyn looked at the sign, sighed and sat down at the offered place. In the café worked Kim’s daughter, who, according to Victor, was almost like a French waitress. She brought coffee and freshly baked croissants. Lev’s former colleague kept silent. It looked as if Dr Sinitsyn was not interested in the surroundings; he finished his coffee, absentmindedly ate the croissant, thanked the girl and asked her to bring the bill… Lev waved his hands. “No, no. You are my guest! I am paying!” he said and laughed, realising that he would have to pay himself. 
“You’re probably surprised that I’m here alone, that I showed up on my own?” said Dr Sinitsyn.
Lev was rather surprised that Sinitsyn came at all. Until that moment he did not care whether he was alone or in someone’s company. But now that the issue of coming alone was mentioned, he remembered that yes Sinitsyn had a wife, a very attractive young lady, possibly Irish or American, and that they appeared together at almost all professional meetings and conferences.
“I will be glad to see you and Christine here some time,” said Bouni, remembering the woman’s name.”
Dr Sinitsyn raised an empty cup to his mouth, put it on the table and covered his face with his hands. He suddenly felt the urge to tell everything to this unfriendly former colleague. He wanted to describe the scene that he had never seen, but imagined a thousand times: a picture of his wife chopped into small pieces, passed through a giant meat grinder and, together with other flesh indistinguishable from his wife’s pieces, ground again by the same relentless machine. However, it was all too trivial and so unworthy of sympathy. Dr Sinitsyn met the eyes of Bouni for the first time and said, “Chris was chosen for the Equality Farm. I should be proud of it but I am so tired, so tired of justice and stuff, that I dropped everything and moved to a new place.”
Lev did not know what to say. He no longer saw the ever-annoying adversary and Dr Sinitsyn all of a sudden ceased to be a fool.
“This happened a long time ago… two years already. I have not worked since then but they offered me a post of the Envoy to the Humanitarian States.”
“And what are you doing here? You said you are the ambassador?” said Dr Bouni abruptly rising from his chair.
“The Envoy… this is not an occupation. No duties, because there could be no official relations between the two civilisations. So to pass time I… I take apart clocks. I keep myself busy this way. I have a lot of them and people bring me more. They also ask me to repair watches.” 
Lev lowered his eyes: ‘Same again!’ They were not ordinary colleagues – they were double colleagues. Both had collections they cherished and were proud of – collections of antique pocket watches and clocks. Even in this area Sinitsyn overtook Bouni – his collection was more extensive and much more valuable. 
“Did you bring them all with you?”
“But of course! How could I leave my watches?”
The following phrase Lev uttered before he had time to think. Later he took time to reflect on why he did it at that point. He had not come to any rational conclusion, but he nonetheless approved of his sudden impulse. That surely was an example of the famous intuition of Dr Bouni.
“I have a Pavel Bure, not the most exciting example and it never worked, but I care for it. I inherited it from my grandfather. Could you take a look at it?”
“I am flattered by an opportunity to render you a service. Sure, I’ll fix your watch. If anything, I do understand old movements.” 

* * *

After the construction of the house and the development of the land, Dr Bouni’s practice grew by itself. There was no shortage of patients; rather, Lev had to choose and sometimes disappoint those wishing to consult with a popular doctor. He accepted not only patients suffering from schizophrenia or manic syndromes. Many of his cases turned out to be those who struggled to find their place in life or free themselves from a frustrating past. The only prerequisite for getting into his practice was the interest of the doctor himself in the particular case. The key to this interest often happened to be Maya, who managed the doctor’s schedule. Dr Bouni’s practice, although he resisted its enlargement, flourished. Any resident of the Humanitarian States realized that a genius who subdued the Dirty Mountain and built a palace on its slope could purge their soul of illnesses, sorrows and overbearing concerns.
Dr Bouni had no doubt that he worked tirelessly. In fact, Lev spent no more than four hours a day over a five-day week receiving patients. In his free time, he reclined in front of the TV, switching between the five channels available on Humanitarian Television, which he did (as he used to say to Maya) to ease a terrible stress. He missed the European programs. He sighed, asked for tea, and drank his divine, never disappointing infusion. 
In Lev’s family a new regular visitor materialized from the day of moving into their new villa. Mr Sinitsyn, as Dr Bouni called him, came after dinner on Sundays. The two men retired to the doctor’s office where cold snacks, tea, coffee and desserts were served. They spent long hours there discussing horological problems. No one else, including Maya and Victor, was invited to these sessions. When once, while sipping Cognac, Victor noticed that in Moscow and Paris all serious professionals regarded Dr Sinitsyn as either a fool or a charlatan or both, Lev frowned and rubbed his forehead before speaking.
“Yes, I for one held this opinion because I was not well acquainted with Dr Sinitsyn. Well, I must admit he is not a first-class doctor, but he is more than a first-class watch engineer. Dr Sinitsyn is a genius. He is probably the best amongst all living horologists – he is the only craftsman who can build a mechanical watch from raw materials! To make it clear to you, he starts with a piece of metal and six months later he has created a unique watch. A genius, Vic, can afford to be a fool. And if the fool is a genius, then he ceases to be who he supposedly is, that is a fool, and turns into just a genius. In other words, genius and stupidity can coexist in one person, but nothing except genius can turn a fool into a genius. Do you now understand the point?”
Victor said that it was not clear to him at all, but that the time was already late and he was drinking his third Cognac. “But that doesn’t matter since Dr Sinitsyn has now been promoted into our circle – the circle of geniuses.”
The life of Dr Bouni, Victor, Maya and Paulina entered a well-defined and, perhaps, happy course, which lay away from global news, cataclysms and even moderate disturbances. This went on for quite some time until Victor had the idea of returning to Europe or, as was succinctly remarked on by Maya Bouni, until ‘his urine hit his brain.’

* * *

“Lev!” Maya Bouni called out to her husband.
“Yes, dear,” answered the doctor. 
It was the late morning of a beautiful day. Warm sunrays illuminated the reception room window. They fell on the doctor’s smoothly shaved head. Some managed to bounce off the shiny pate and continue their journey through the vast space of the room, highlighting motes of dust suspended in the air. Lev was in a leather chair with his back to the window; in his hand was a habitual cup where the rays, which avoided his cranium, danced on enthusiastically. Dr Bouni watched the game of these harmless messengers from the outside world.
“Lev,” resumed Maya, “are you out of sorts? Your intense silence prevents me from concentrating on the work that needs to be done by 11.00 a.m.” Maya contemplated a moment, “I have to finish the schedule. If you are in a bad mood, be kind and go to your office and play with your watches while I work.”
During this monologue while sitting at the computer, Maya continued typing.
“Wrong tea,” said the doctor grimly, “it has an odd taste today!”
Maya pushed the keyboard aside and looked at her husband with concern.
“Lev, darling, this is a bad symptom when the taste of your tea changes. Take your temperature. I do not exclude that you have a cold or even the flu.”
“Already done,” Lev answered quietly, “measured three times.”
“And what?”
“36.6 plus-minus three tenths of a degree,” the doctor sipped from the cup and grimaced. “These sunbeams highlight the dust that I inhale with air and swallow with liquid!”
Maya resumed typing, no longer looking at her husband.
“36.6 is completely normal. You are all right. Have mercy and do something.”
“No, I’m not at all right!” Lev alternately looked at his wife, the tea, her hands and her coffee cup. He put his cup on the floor and leaned back in the soft chair, “I am not at all healthy, I am so unwell that I am worse than if I were sick. A latent disease without objective indicators. As a result, no one around understands how seriously unwell I am or indeed care about me. So, what shall I do now?”
“Go to the office and feel sorry for yourself,” concluded Maya, not shifting her eyes from the screen. Dr Bouni rose from his chair with a heavy sigh, turned his back to Maya and faced the window.
“Sometimes I suspect I’ve married a cold-hearted woman.”
Now, unseen by her husband, Maya looked at his back and smiled. She was well acquainted with the rules of the game that had a regular rerun in their family, and she readily played along with Lev.
“Lev,” said Maya tenderly, “as soon as I finish the schedule, I’ll massage your head. It should improve the circulation.”
A massage, which Maya mastered to perfection, always helped. Dr Bouni knew this, but now he did not want to feel better or to cheer up. The game with Maya was over, he won – refused the massage, and she realised that her husband was indeed unwell. Now was just that moment when it was necessary to leave the scene, having uttered the last remark.
“Thank you, maybe in the evening. Now I’ll go to the office… and don’t worry, I’ll make tea myself.”
Lev uttered this final rebuke but did not leave at once. He suddenly felt sorry for not only himself but also for Maya and the world encircling him. The route from the reception room to his office led through a double door upholstered in high-quality leather. He put his fingers on the handle, stood without opening the door and sighed. Maya’s voice became soothing like a massage.
“Lev, do not worry, there will be no patients today. I notified everyone not to come.”
“Here we go!” Dr Bouni exhaled indignantly, “That’s €1500 going down the drain!”
“Lev, you do remember that we are not in Europe. Here there is another currency. It is time to switch to humanitarian dollars.”
“I do not forget for a minute where I am,” he called out over his shoulder. “Unfortunately I do not forget. If sometimes I confuse their dollars with euros… well, that’s because it’s easier for me. I’m so used to euros! You see how much I work! Building the house after such a difficult move, and now this exhausting, time-consuming practice…”
Lev sighed three times and opened the door to the office.
“What time is Victor coming?”
“In two hours.”
Closing the first door, Dr Bouni continued to grumble.
“This is all his fault… poor health, awful mood and cancelled patients,” he muttered.

* * *

In two hours they were sitting in the office – Dr Bouni in his chair, Victor in his installed opposite his friend’s desk. They exchanged phrases full of messages hidden from outsiders and lightly teased each other, hinting at some old and recent shared events. Mutual jokes held a special place in the relationship of Victor and Lev. This practice began a long time ago – Lev started it: he made fun of his friend’s desire and willingness to drink, of his clumsiness and so on. Victor eventually mastered the technique of responding with sarcasm to sarcasm, an ambiguity to ambiguity. As a result, a special type of communication arose, a subtle game that over the years provided both men with ample entertainment. This time everything was the same, except for one very curious phenomenon – Victor did not pay the slightest attention to the bottle placed in front of him, moreover he pushed back a prepared glass and asked for tea.
“Vic, this brandy cost €1000,” said Dr Bouni.
“You had to cancel appointments, lost a thousand because of me. I am trying to compensate for it.”
“I lost not one, rather one-and-a-half thousand.”
Victor fell silent, he lost the desire to play verbal ping-pong and pretend that nothing special was happening. He took a deep breath, then another and another.
“I don’t know when I’ll have brandy with you next,” he said.
“Victor, I’m afraid you’re seriously ill.”
“Mentally?”
“Oh no, not that. You’ve always been mental since the very first day we met.”
Both simultaneously sighed and drank their tea. Dr Bouni continued.
“Now you’re completely out of your mind, but this is not that important. What worries me is that you’re developing signs of loss of self-preservation and the gentle, boundless love for your own person! I am not going to ask how you arrived at that, because I know all your answers. Well, your future worries me.”
“Nothing to be done,” sighed Victor.
“You’ve no idea where you are going! Don’t forget that I am recently from there, I lived in Europe through all these interesting times. They won’t even send your bones to your family for burial after eating you up.”
“But they did not eat you?”
“You do not realise how much it cost! If it were only the price… you won’t be able to negotiate your life, even if I pass on the contacts to you! Besides, see, we had to leave. You think I wanted to go?”
“Lev, it’s decided. I’m leaving. I’m sick and tired of this island and especially the weather.”
“I hope Paulina kills you before you go and we’ll bury the body with dignity. Be assured, I will provide her with an irrefutable alibi, even if she suffocates you in the bedroom with the conjugal pillow!”
“Do not count on it. She was furious but has now calmed down and cheered up.”
“Yeah – and it upsets you! Probably she’s found a replacement? Don’t do it… don’t jump like that, calm down. I was only kidding. Since you decided to go, you’d better tell me about your route as there are no regular flights back to Europe.”
Victor took a folder from an old backpack, smoothed out a sheet and spread it on the table.
“Here it is. I am departing on Saturday with the Humanitarian Airlines, flight 8-30 to Christchurch, New Zealand. We will be there for eight hours and then we go to Bogota, from Bogota in two days to Kinshasa, Kinshasa to Cairo and from there directly to Paris. Only five and a half days on the road, which nowadays is pretty good.”
“And from Paris to Côte d’Azur?”
“Why should I go there?” Victor was surprised, “I want to go where we lived before: Paris.”
“The capital of Europe, as you know, is on the Côte d’Azur. The European Parliament and the President have moved to Nice. They decided that it provides the best environmental conditions for citizens of the Continent.
“I can manage without their capital,” mumbled Victor, displeased.
Dr Bouni smiled slyly, “Are you going to try my Cognac?” Victor also smiled and produced a silver flask from the backpack, which was a gift from Dr Bouni for his 30th birthday.
“Pour it in here for the road.”
“No, I will not!” said Lev. “Now it’s clear why Paulina does not mind getting rid of you.”
“She doesn’t not mind at all! She just calmed down!”
“Yeah, yeah,” the doctor glared at his friend, “You are upset that your wife is okay. You should be ashamed of yourself!”
“I am quite happy that Paulina’s fine.”
“You’re lying, and lying to me – as you well know – is useless! You’ve always been selfish and stubborn, and now that you’re heading back to the cannibals and accepting a high probability of being eaten, you have remained the same as before. You do want Paulina to feel lonely and desperate, spend years shut up in the bedroom, shedding streams of tears and tearing her hair out, like Penelope. You want her to be faithful while you’re having fun with the she-cannibals!” Lev sighed. “You did not deserve it, but she was worried and it was I who reassured her.”
“You?” breathed Victor, “What did you tell her?”
“I said that nothing will work for you when confronting man-eating females without my help. You won’t persuade a single one! Well, if only you’ll take her to the opera.”
“And did that reassure her?”
Victor’s hand reached for the glass. Dr Bouni began to laugh, quietly at first, then without restraint. Victor pushed away the untouched drink and looked suspiciously at his friend.
“I do not see anything funny!”
Lev stopped laughing, yawned, rose from the chair and headed to the shelves filled with books, statuettes and boxes at the far end of the room. After a short search, he pulled out a green four by four inch box, made the return trip and handed it to Victor.
“Look! Here is the last present from the old doctor! An indispensable guide in the country of cannibals, one might say, the indulgence acquired for you. That is how I reassured your wife! Just think how lucky you are!”
“What is this?” asked Victor, taking the box from his friend.
“A badge of the Envoy of the Humanitarian States of Tasmania and South Australia,” said Dr Bouni, emphasising each syllable. “This is your guarantee – an assurance that you will not be sent to the Equality Farm upon arrival, will not be processed into a nutritious substance for the entire community of intelligent and not-so-intelligent brothers and sisters to consume.”
Victor turned the box in his hands. Dr Bouni, having completed the explanation, watched how in just five minutes the new owner managed to cope with the secret of the lock and lifted from a velvet bed a silver medallion on a ribbon with a fastener. The Envoy’s medallion was a circle of 75 mm in diameter and 4 mm thick. On its face the relief of Tasmania was embossed, and on the outer perimeter there was an inscription: ‘Envoy of the Humanitarian States of Tasmania and South Australia.’ After reading his thoughts, or rather the lack of those in the mind of his friend, Dr Bouni sighed.
“Have you never heard of the status of the Envoy of the Humanitarian State in the Continent of cannibals – sorry, I mean in the European Union of Life?”
Having caught an affirmative murmur, which signified a lack of awareness on the subject, the doctor cleared his throat and set about preparing the future legate.
“And you’re going there! What would you do without me?! Now, be silent and listen! For obvious reasons, there are no official links, and no diplomatic ones at the level of embassies, consulates and the like between the European Union of Life and the Humanitarian States. Indeed, there could not be any. However,” Dr Bouni got up and walked from one end of the room to the other, “However, any society needs external relations – especially with external enemies! And the only enemy they have is the Humanitarian State – a small island on the other side of the globe that does not want to have anything to do with their way of preparing food! A difficult situation – unbearable for the country, which is the defender of the rights of life on the planet. Justice and righteousness can never exist without evil and injustice! Therefore, it is imperative that there should be spies, saboteurs and terrorists… well, at least some representatives of a humanistic society. And since there’re no idiots who want to go there, not counting you of course, then God knows how an unofficial agreement was struck… perhaps a mutual understanding. The European Union of Life accepts on its territory the Envoy who enjoys non-diplomatic immunity and dispensation from the Equality Farm. He is also exonerated from criminal liability for terrorist, subversive and other illegal activities. By the way, we also accept a similar figure from them.”
Lev fell silent and approached his friend. Victor looked happy and rubbed his hands joyfully – he was not just returning to Europe, he… he was going to the cannibals, one might say, as a higher being, as a superman.
“So I will be a terrorist?”
“A thug, a terrorist, a messenger of humanists! You will be everything, which is the most terrible and untouchable. You won’t have any duties, but you will be able to visit their offices and any places of business. Of course, the media will vilify you and few people will dare to sit at the same table, let alone shake your hand. The status of the Envoy is time-limited, awarded for two years, but you may, if you wish, extend it. Now, is it not clear what kind of sinecure I got for you? How nicely you are provided for, and all thanks to my efforts!”
Victor started mumbling words of gratitude – he was moved to the point of tears. He got up from the chair to thank his friend and overturned a teapot spilling it over the surface of the table. Lev frowned; his appearance forecasted an imminent thunderstorm.
“That’s it! Do you know how much the polishing of this table cost! Well here, on this forgotten island, how on Earth could I restore the surface?”
Seeing the horror in Victor’s eyes, Lev softened. A precious bottle appeared in his hand and a soothing gurgling sound announced a remedy for overstretched nerves.
“You need a drink. It will not make you a gymnast, but at least you’ll stop dropping and spilling.”

* * *

Two more hours later the friends were still talking. Dr Bouni held his cup and Victor cradled his glass. The Envoy’s medallion was on display in the centre of the new owner’s sweater. From time to time Victor touched it, feeling the surface of the magical item that promised safety in a distant land. The backpack was stuffed with equipment also supplied by Lev. There was an Electronic Tagging System (ETS), a specially modified GPS for monitoring a tag, and finally weapons – a pistol and a larger Nagant M1895 revolver chambered for seven 7.62×38mmR rounds. “The smaller one must be always carried! Remember, there are dangerous animals on the streets now. If anything happens, shoot to kill. And the revolver is for special cases – you never know what circumstances may arise. Use it with a suppressor if you want to hush your shooting. Do not be embarrassed or feel guilty if you harm someone, it will be expected of you!” Dr Bouni instructed his friend on the use of the revolver and continued, “I got this for myself in America although it was made in Russia. Well, it’s yours now – enjoy.” Victor rubbed his hands – he liked firearms. Once upon a time he was a good shot and now looked forward to the opportunity to practice, firstly at a shooting range.
They discussed travel details and spying equipment while drinking yet more tea. The last tea party, thought Victor, and looking up, asked, “Who is the Envoy of the cannibals here?”
“Not a proper subject to discuss, Victor!” Said Dr Bouni gloomily. “Not right at all! First, you must exclude this term from your lexicon. It is rude and vulgar! Even if you can get away with it, this does not mean that you should abuse everyone!”
“Okay,” Victor grudgingly agreed, “what is the second?”
“Second… you should have asked how much all these cost your friend! You think it was easy? How many years have you lived here? And I have just arrived! And arranged everything for you, presented you with an ambassador’s credentials on a silver platter!”
“Indeed. How did you manage it?” Victor lowered his eyes.
“I won’t tell you as punishment for selfishness and tactlessness! Suffer it. You may never know how your friend arranged the most important gift in your life! Maybe when you return I will no longer be here – my health is not that great. You will never ever know!”
“Lev, please…” Victor’s voice trembled and a tear ran from his left eye.
“Okay, that’s it,” said Lev and suddenly smiled, “you understand at last why Paulina calmed down. Well, she will wait for you knowing that you will return in one piece.”
Four days later, Victor Sorokin-Benoit, having said goodbye to his family and friends, left for Europe.

Chapter 3  Corsair and Pyrate
Leaning on a parapet, I stood on the embankment at the point where the River Paillon, enclosed in a concrete tunnel, flowed into the sea next to the old district of Nice. It does not always flow in a stream, often becoming shallow, turning into a thin rivulet and disappearing, but when it rains or snow melts in the Alps, the Paillon really pours into the Mediterranean. It was just such a day, and I bent over a slow current in which the grey backs of fish moved. I yearned to go down, step on the pebbles, throw off my sandals, enter the river and stand until the fish would get used to me and I could feel the touch of their cold mouths on my skin. Others got there earlier: a donkey and a ram arrived from the port side, wandered up to their knees (that is, to the middle of their limbs) into the water and began to lap. Aquatic citizens rushed away and I lost the appetite to approach the river. 
I tried not to think of anything and once again realised what a difficult task that was. I am not sure if anyone could accomplish perfect non-thinking. This is far more challenging than thinking on the most important subjects. Whatever I contemplate, I can convince myself (it does not matter what others conclude) that it is a wonderful subject worthy attention and intense thought. But how not to think about anything at all? Even if one succeeds, how (in a day, an hour, or a minute) can one identify the period of the mental vacuum? No way! Maybe fish, insects and yogis could successfully practice not thinking or thinking about nothing. Let them have fun with that task. I have long been convinced that you should not pursue things you are not capable of achieving.
I grew hungry. I needed meat – real meat, not the one Arthur was chewing half an hour ago. Here it is the consequence of a thought process. Around there were as many edible subjects as you like, and at the same time there was no meat. Of course, I could trap a calf, a sheep and shoot them with Lev’s pistol. Feasible and easy, but to skin them? To carve pieces from a dead body? Alas, I’m not capable. I admit, I don’t have this ability. For a moment I doubted myself – the Envoy, a messenger of humanists, should be a man with the skills of a butcher, a slaughter engineer! No! I immediately rejected the idea. My country has not erred (Dr Bouni endorsed the right person) by appointing me as Envoy! My mission is not to murder the citizens of Europe in dark alleys, but to demonstrate the virtues of the humanitarian system and humanistic thinking! Still, hunger continued to weigh on me. 
My thoughts turned in a loop: ‘killing – flesh – ready to eat product – killing.’ The time had come to visit The Institute of Global Food Problems. For me, it is just The Institute – one of the most important establishments of the Old World. My soul beamed and its glow produced a smile on my physiognomy. Yes, there will never be perfection in life, but there are loopholes and ways out of dead ends, escape from the most onerous situations.

* * *

The sign on the building was not particularly noticeable and, like other scientific signs, did not exude joy or any singular emotion. However, it unambiguously spoke to me about an opportunity to have a product consisting of animal protein for lunch and dinner without the inclusion of a human ingredient.
An automatic door led into the womb of an eight-story building that was originally constructed about half a century ago. At the porters’ desk emerged the round face of Monsieur Maw-maw, which turned into a horizontally elongated oval by his welcoming grin. A multiple echo of his “Bon jour,” reverberated in the empty hall of the institute. Here I was at home, greeted with joy and welcomed inside.
Well-known corridors seemed to direct me right to the Department of the ‘Homogenisation of Life’ and into the office of its chief, Professor Corsair. Although there is no access for outsiders, the building is equipped so that any donkey or ram could find their way in and out. Lifts, designed to carry four cattle citizens, slide up and down, stopping on each floor. UNIBIO toilets hospitably open their doors upon approach, inviting every needy creature to relieve bowel or bladder. Having entered the premises, previously thought to be necessary exclusively for people, I tried to figure out how much it cost the taxpayer to re-equip European latrines. Not cheap, far from it, but it became easier to use the amenities. There is no toilet paper, bowls or urinals characteristic of humanitarian facilities. Arrange yourself wherever you like and do the job: a fast flowing stream just one millimetre deep ran across the floor, washing away all traces. Getting used to such innovation is not at all challenging, even for a humanist. 
Although integral to the building, corridors, elevators and toilets are not essential features of The Institute of Global Food Problems. Its purpose is the study of food products and a significant part of that in Europe includes Solidarity Mince. According to European law, all the carcases at the Equality Farm must be processed into a complex mixture (the Solidarity Mince), comprising at least seven types of meat with the obligatory inclusion of 12.5 percent of human proteins. From the Solidarity Mince, a wide variety of secondary products are derived for supermarkets, cafés and restaurants. Another obligatory condition stipulated by law is that they must neither taste nor imitate any kind of meat that existed in humanistic society. After arriving in Europe, I spent hours in supermarkets viewing ‘forest and sea sausages,’ ‘conifer steaks and tar burgers.’ Well, no point in arguing about tastes. For obvious reasons, I do not have any opinion on tastes and nutritional benefits of all these products. I know, however, that manufacturers occasionally encounter problems. More than once since my arrival, legal proceedings began because of the alleged release of products with a humanistic taste. This meant that they reminded a consumer of, say, beef – a serious charge. However, until now the accused managed to wriggle out of proceedings due to a lack of experts on the taste of beef itself. Indeed, how can they invite an expert from a humanitarian state! And even if the expert were available, would he or she agree to test foods containing one-eighth of human flesh!
Lamb, beef, pork – not only the meats but the words themselves have been banned. Such terms are more than indecent, more than offensive – they indicate an extreme perversion. And eating any pure meat is a capital crime punishable by exclusion from the Earth’s biosphere. Consuming any individual flesh is bio-racism, a term recognised under the name of humanism. 
The department of Professor Christopher Corsair deals with issues of homogenisation of animal foods. As the professor himself explained at one of our first meetings, the production of the Solidarity Mince is tied to an important technological and legal problem. It turned out that the mince entering food chains is not completely purified from identifiable, albeit small pieces, of individual types of flesh. According to rigid standards, these particles should be no larger than 150 microns, but sometimes they reach sizes of two and even three tenths of a millimetre. “Tweet-tweet. Imagine, Mr Envoy,” the professor said to me, trying to open his eye slits and to raise his short hands to the institute’s ceiling, “Imagine what would happen if a citizen of the European Union of Life had a tiny bite and he or she put a piece of burger in their mouth that is less than half a millimetre! An honest, loyal to society person would become a criminal, a traitor… a humanist! A trial and the possible conviction of an innocent? Tweet-tweet, a lawsuit against a firm that provided a humanitarian product? So what should we do? How can our society put up with such an imperfect diet? Can you answer me monsieur, the Envoy of Humanists?” Of course I could not give a satisfactory answer to this as well as to other questions that occupied the mind of the professor. However, Professor Corsair never expected answers. He himself, without help, saw the goal through the narrow slits of his own eyes – science, science and science! Only research, research and an in-depth ‘tweet-tweet-research’ can solve all the problems faced by the Earth’s biosphere. It is also a fact that research requires money – as much money as possible.
Informed by M Maw-maw, the head of department met me outside his office. Seeing Corsair from the far end of a corridor, one might assume that he was a young man. His slender silhouette poised against the background of a translucent door. It quivered in the rays, which burst through the office window and underwent either refraction or diffraction. On approaching, however, the impression changed. The professorial body continued to be slight, but a bald head sitting on a thin neck and short sausages of hands and arms attached to a bony torso and bending in their central parts became conspicuous. The professor’s head and hands were at least 55 years old. His swollen eyelids attempted to overcome universal gravitation, and I caught a gleam in his eyes largely hidden from the outside world. At the same moment the little hands went up, reaching the height of the academic’s crown. Each time I met him I had the same thought: Corsair, who lived many years under the previous social system, should be satisfied with the new facilities, as his upper limbs were hardly fit for the application of toilet paper.
There was no need to say words of greeting. Corsair immediately began his scientific charge. His arms rotated in the space dividing us, and his fingers flickered near my nose. With a fake gritty voice, Corsair sang the eternal song of science. Professor Corsair used me for practicing a speech. He does it at every opportunity. He needs to address politicians to obtain grants. Probably he makes presentations to the presidium of the European Parliament in front of President Bouk. I closed my eyes and by the power of imagination combined Corsair’s head with the goat’s face of the president. The scientist’s sausage-hands started to spin in a new orbit – fat fingers stroked and combed the drooping beard. The president joyfully bleated and the Euro-stream flowed from citizens’ pockets into The Institute of Global Food Problems. 
I listened patiently, smiled and waited for a pause. When it came, I inserted the word ‘chicken,’ and then repeated it again. After my third attempt the professor reacted.
“Chicken? Poulet?” 
Finally, we found ourselves on the same wavelength. There was still food, but of my particular interest.
“Yes, chicken – I am for it.”
Corsair became agitated and spoke again.
“Reconstructed poulet! Tweet-tweet. My laboratory has made outstanding progress! Would you like to try M-U-T today?” The professor did not dare to utter the word ‘mutton,’ even in front of a humanist and without witnesses. “In two or three months we will offer H-U…” He hesitated again trying to identify the kind of meat, unacceptable even for me, “In a year, tweet-tweet, we shall recreate the tenderloin from one, imagine, just one individual!”
Corsair fell silent, and not because of my lack of interest – a brain overheated by empirical ideas required time to switch to a new subject.
“Only you could employ taste buds to test my reconstructions. What is morally unacceptable and criminal to us, for you humanists – tweet-tweet – is the norm.”
I retorted that for us it is unacceptable to consume human flesh for both legal and moral reasons, and not only in its pure form.
“Very disappointing,” sighed the professor. “It causes confusion and uncertainty. An opinion may emerge. The concept could arise, tweet-tweet, that there are no fundamental differences between us, the creatures of the new civilisation and you humanists. However, we know that such theories are wrong! It could not be correct! That would be against nature! It is unacceptable.”
Professorial eyelids once again attempted to open up. The thought process of Corsair then changed direction.
“An interesting and important topic. We should apply for a, tweet-tweet, grant – a project suitable for young promising scientists in the framework of the Marie Curie funding. Are you positive you do not want to test the H-meat? Your description of its taste would be crucial to the success of my research. For the sake of science, young man, you should sometimes give up your principles! Especially if they are just, tweet-tweet, humanistic principles!”
In his last words I could hear the subtle plea of a humble applicant. Apparently that was his way of asking for funding. He did not wait for my answer.
“It’s a shame! I hope someday when we find a consensus, when we reach a mutual understanding, everything will fall into place.”
He made the last statement with the cold conviction of a scientist. A chill ran down my spine. An article in Nature, the glory of Professor Corsair and my downfall… of a humanist-cannibal. No, I will not give up and fall under the spell of this sausage on stilts! I know their kitchen too well and won’t be fed with either human or half-human meat!
“I came for chicken!”
“Of course…” Corsair said, “and you intend to test our product to make sure that it matches the description. You do not trust us; you do not believe in our experimental approach?”
“Rather your sincerity.”
“Very sad. Tweet-tweet.”
“It would be sad if you fed me an unclean product!”
“We are professionals – honest, tweet-tweet, scientists.”
“What kind of honesty are you talking about?! Honesty does not apply to subjects of experiments. I am afraid you are considering me in terms of your experiments and grants!”
I barked and Professor Corsair sighed in response. His sigh sounded just like the lament of a tired man. He held out his hand and his sausages-like fingers straightened, exposing a surprisingly bony palm. The whole of the professor’s body consisted of contradictions. His intellect, on the contrary, was a monolith. He sighed again and this time he did not sound at all sad.
“That will be €120, please.”
The last time, just two weeks ago, I paid €100. Now he asked for 20 more. In Europe there was zero inflation, but in Corsair’s department it measured in hundreds of percent. Bargaining was pointless: he remained an absolute monopolist of reconstructed chickens in the whole of Europe. Without saying goodbye we turned our backs to each other and I headed to the laboratory.

* * *

I stick with chicken. The reason is one and only one: I’ve convinced myself that I would feel any added ingredient, even the slightest inclusion of foreign proteins in chicken meat, but I am not at all sure that I could recognise this in beef or mutton. Despite molecular testing of the reconstituted product, I stubbornly believe in my taste buds.
Out of habit, at the entrance to the laboratory I threw a white coat hanging behind the door around my shoulders. A quiet humming of two centrifuges, the sound of pouring liquid and the noise of fume hoods operating at full capacity met me. The laboratory atmosphere entered my nose and tickled the eyes. As usual, Dr Pyrate occupied farthest from the entrance bench next to the hermetically sealed window. With a pipette in her hand she bent over a rack of tiny test tubes. By a habitual move of the head, Colombina indicated for me to wait.
Colombina Pyrate is a slight, almost miniature woman with a Barbie-like body and short-cropped blonde hair. I must admit that 20 years ago, when I had not yet reached 30 and she was even younger, I would probably (almost for sure) have fancied her. In other words, her past is my cup of tea, and her present evokes positive, but devoid of passion, emotions. Colombina has an office or rather a corner where she goes for private talks and writing reports. It is a part of the laboratory space; a door with transparent glass, shaded with a poster of the periodic table of elements, opening to a 40 square foot cell where a computer desk, a bookshelf and two chairs just about fit. The room is stuffed with catalogues, old pipettes and laboratory journals. It is cosy and coffee scented.
We settled in her nook and I was treated to a special cup of coffee. I kept silent; Dr Pyrate didn’t speak either. We grew to know each other well over the past 18 months and often our meetings began in just such coffee-filled silence. After we had put our mugs down I intended to check the laboratory journal to make sure that all the necessary tests were done, to look at photographs and graphs and satisfy myself that my future food contained only chicken DNA with no foreign fats and proteins. In short, I intended to assure myself that this time too they would not feed me their European cuisine. Dr Pyrate deserves my respect and I even like her, but she works in the department of Professor Corsair and, alas, she is a dedicated researcher. That is, a creature capable of conducting an experiment on the representative of an unfriendly civilisation for the sake of science. I do not, however, doubt one thing – Colombina would never, for any worldly goods, agree to make a false entry in the laboratory journal. 
I made an acquaintance with the scientific company Pyrate & Co. (you can also call them Corsair & Py.) immediately upon my arrival on the recommendation from my friend. Dr Bouni knew that the Envoy would not be able to sustain a vegetarian diet and would not agree to consume products derived from the Solidarity Mince. 
The desire to eat normal food made me fathom the theoretical and experimental intricacies of the work in Professor Corsair’s department. The problem, as I said, is in the insufficient grinding of flesh. Dr Pyrate has devoted her talent to optimising the Mince. Among other things, her research includes splitting the Solidarity Mince into its original components for proving insufficiency and defectiveness of the current technology. To produce irrefutable evidence of the Corsair-Pyrate theorising, they reassemble the Mince into carcases of hens, calves, sheep and humans. There should be no further use for these bodies and they must be immediately destroyed. My learned friends have no doubts that after introducing novel methods all flesh will be split into subcellular components and even these will be destroyed so no one could restore beef, lamb, veal or any other type of meat. This is a super task! It requires a resolution of the problem of how to preserve the properties of meat after destruction of all its components. However, I do not care about scientific headaches. All I need from The Institute is their intermediate product – a reconstituted chicken.

* * *

At least two dozen employees and students work in the laboratory. Usually the lab is teeming with scientific folk. Here is one of few places of Europe not accessible for other living creatures. “The wasteland of humanism at the centre of a new civilisation,” I once remarked to the professor and received a freezing glare of a citizen who could not find words to express his indignation.
Dr Pyrate manages her laboratory’s bedlam: she shows students how to use a pipette, helps assistants to understand the results of experiments, gives postdocs tasks and organises purchases of equipment and reagents. She silently circles the laboratory rooms, never raising her voice and only occasionally, upon discovering a gross error opens her large eyes wide. She calls an offender into her office. The details of these meetings never go outside, but not a single member of the team is keen to visit the chief’s den. 
Out of the first three months of my life in Europe, I spent about six weeks in Colombina Pyrate’s laboratory. I had never seen the professor go into her den or Dr Pyrate to the professorial office. From time to time, they exchanged short phrases in the corridor; sometimes the professor opened the door of the lab and, without crossing the threshold, tweeted and asked the nearest person to call her. In such cases, Colombina approached the boss, stopped two steps away and neighed like a horse (her tribute to the language of life). A quick exchange followed and the door closed behind the professor. 
A month and a half was enough for me to get the acumen of their research. By the end of my internship I came to the firm belief that any educated person of average ability could comprehend the ideas and methodological approaches of modern biology. I achieved my goal of becoming an expert (no worse than the postdocs with six to eight years of training) in testing the purity of chicken meat. I should pay tribute to Dr Pyrate – a leader who truly recognises the achievements of her colleagues. Thanks to the lightning-fast successes in their field, I earned her unconditional respect, admiration and friendship – I became the only member of the laboratory who was served with the specially prepared Pyrate’s coffee in the Pyrate’s Den. I even have my own mug, which stands proudly and lonely on a bookshelf above Colombina’s head next to the latest edition of the Bible of geneticists – Lewin’s ‘Genes.’
Dr Pyrate’s coffee has unique properties. The first sip clarifies all the thoughts that have been in the head (it makes them bright and clear, like a Shakespearean sonnet), the second expels these clarified thoughts from the soul (I have a vague desire to evoke a forgotten Japanese quatrain). I could never recall what effect the third sip produces, but the fourth brings to mind something that had not existed in it before. The last one hits the drinker’s bladder with a terrible force. In order not to let yourself down in Pyrate’s eyes you have to endure the torment and hold on for at least 10 minutes. She warned me of this when pouring me a drink for the first time.
“If you want to drink coffee with me again… neigh-neigh! Afterwards you can go where nature asks and claim your well-deserved relief!”
I lasted 15 minutes, after which her eyes widened and she approvingly pointed to the door. Training works wonders – on this day I sat after coffee for almost 25 minutes before leaving the den. When, with the relaxed gait of a happy creature, I returned to the laboratory and opened the door to her closet, there on the table next to the computer sat a reconstituted chicken, packed in accordance with all the rules of health and safety procedures. Dr Pyrate put the product of her scientific activity in a bag and hooked her hand under my arm to lead me to the Institute’s gates. In such a peculiar way, almost like a couple, we proceeded through the endless corridors to the garden.
Only when the last door opens does she unlink her hand and let me go. This way she asserts her independence, contempt for prohibition to display friendliness for the Envoy of Humanists and the disposition to a higher degree of intimacy with me. 
This time during the procession through the Institute, she wanted to chat.
“Good news! Our project has moved forward. Soon we will make the reconstructed chicken with bones. Neigh-neigh! The Envoy will be happy.”
The prospect of a bird with bones, which may be from a different source, was not pleasing. It would be necessary to spend another five or six weeks mastering the analysis of bone material. I wanted to say goodbye to her as soon as possible. Therefore, I attempted to stop the protracted scientific monologue.
“You must first develop the technology of the non-humanitarian grinding of flesh. True, with this done my visits end.”
“Neigh!” Pyrate pronounced meanly. 
Her other hand encircled my chest and I ended up in her arms. Colombina raised her face: her eyes flashed with fire and her lips whispered passionate words not intended for outsiders.
“Any fool can grind flesh! Do you understand who I mean? A nerd! A useful tweeting nerd gets money for the laboratory. Let him think I am developing an ultra-grinder! The fundamental scientific problem is not that! Ha! To you, Envoy, only to you I hint what I do! I am aiming to reconstitute the flesh from the Mince in the form it existed one millisecond after the termination of its biological activity! Do you understand?”
She paused and without closing eyes pushed her lips to me. I frowned, trying to portray the thought process. It was not clear why such a restoration was necessary for fundamental science but her enthusiastic obsession was encouraging. It promised a real chicken and not only it… maybe now, when we were united by her secret, I should take the chance and try reconstituted beef? What does fundamental research have to do with it? Do I need it, this fundamental science? Dr Bouni is right, I always think only of myself. I am a fundamental egoist! Therefore, fundamental problems are not alien to me. I bowed my head and turned my lips to the side. If we were not so close to the entrance to The Institute I would have kissed her. She seemed to have read my thoughts – not the last, but the preceding ones. 
“We’ll recreate chicken as it were a moment after death! The after-death time of today’s one is 23 minutes!”
“In what state should the flesh be a microsecond after death? Don’t you think a control experiment is required?”
“Aha!” she almost screamed, at once switching to a passionate whisper, “You understand everything!”
I realised that the skilful hands of Colombina were ready for control killings of chickens, calves and others. No matter who else! What was important was that with sufficient endurance and a careful approach, it would be possible to get real food. I wanted to kiss the brave dame of science. Her lips moved towards mine but slipped to one side and instead a hot whisper purred in my ear.
“I have something else for you, neigh-neigh. We’ll talk later.”
Dr Pyrate, with unpredictable but infamous strength, pushed me towards the exit and I found myself outside the gates of The Institute of Global Food Problems.

Chapter 4  Uninvited Guests
I should not have left Helot at the residence for the whole day. He broke the door of the shed and took over my place. “Alas, I had to do that. Allele was so unhappy, so forlorn. I couldn’t bear her moans and complaints! You must understand my feelings, Ambassador.” Absolute nonsense! A sheep despondent in a shed! If anyone was unhappy it was her boyfriend! I suspect he wanted to lie with his darling on my sofa. When I entered the reception, Allele continued to bask on it, gently moving her legs and wagging her stumpy tail. She was a surprisingly neat sheep – the part of the coverlet chewed up was teeny. Yet, having caught them in my main room, I could not contain some unprintable words. Helot put on everything clean – my shorts, sandals, a T-shirt, maybe even my underwear. “Sorry Ambassador, I had to get rid of the Farm’s clothes.” I involuntarily glanced again at the sheep – no, there was not a single item of my wardrobe on her.
Both looked happy and intended to stay with me for an indefinite period of time. I hate uncertainty and barely stand unexpected guests. Mlle Soya in the kitchen also did not shine with joy. She had a rag in her hands. When nervous, Soya always dusts sideboards, shelves, windowsills. She turned around, raised her sad brown eyes and promised to cook chicken as I like – with rosemary. I am lucky, a house angel is watching over me. Soya cooks, maintains the residence in the proper order and her wages fit within the framework of expenses allocated by the Humanitarian States to maintain the appropriate standard of living of their Envoy. And Mlle Soya knows what drink is required for a harsh hour and what is needed on ordinary days. She, however, refuses to sit with me at the table or even have a cup of coffee. Initially it vexed me, but then I got used to it and accepted the type of relationship she preferred.
“Pass your guests to Monsieur Benjamin.”
She has amazing insight, knows all my acquaintances and gives invaluable advice. It is possible that mademoiselle is spying on me and reports to the European Security. Well, even if this is so and even if she is an agent, I do not want any other assistant! Regarding Soya – everything suits me, even the way she stands, putting her hands on the back of a chair, while I enjoy a well-deserved drink.
“Thank you, you are right as always and I’ll follow your advice.”
“You should reassure monsieur that he has nothing to fear, at least in the next three days.”
I raised my glass and smiled at Soya. She’s right – his time has not yet come. A breakout from the Farm is not an exceptional event although not a frequent one either, especially when representatives of two species are involved. Of course the incident represents cowardice, a betrayal of the interests of the biosphere, but it is also possible to see it as an act of tragic love. Who would ever dream of catching such a promising pair right away? 
“A report has appeared that they are heading north. The police of Grenoble and Cologne are on full alert.”

* * *

In fact, the negotiation with Helot was not easy and it dragged on until the evening.
“They will catch us outside!”
“You walked here for hours and nobody paid the slightest bit of attention. I myself will take you to a new refuge.”
“Then we had to, baa-baa; now’s different. They will arrest me and no one would listen to a humanist envoy.”
“They could just as well nail you here and now! Come and grab you from my residence! I can’t guarantee Mlle Soya has not notified the police!”
“The police would not risk breaking into the residence of, baa-baa, the Ambassador!”
“You’d better go to your friends. Do you know Benjamin?”
“I knew him. We were at, baa, university together.”
“You see!”
“As soon as we are on the street, baa-baa, they will take us away!”
“No one will even look at you. You are presumed to be in another part of Europe.”
“I do not believe you, Mr Envoy! You just want to get rid of us! Baa! You would like to free yourself from the responsibility for our lives! Baa-baa.
Our mediation reached an impasse, ended in bleating, and, of course, Helot was right: I wished them out and did not feel guilty about that in the slightest. He needed compelling argument to entice them from under my roof. I wanted to think it over so I turned to the rarely used TV. The news reader – not a sheep or a cow, but a 40-year-old blonde – spoke about a daring escape, measures taken by the police to catch the criminals and the reactions of politicians and the public (apparently not only human) to the news. I grasped the general meaning and missed the details as she spoke in the language of life.

* * *

As an official language, Langlife replaced the previously used dialects of Europe. It became standard at the meetings of the European Parliament and other state institutions and was used in all documents of significance. Its practice is welcomed in public places and it is taught in primary, secondary and higher schools. Radio and television announcers adopt Langlife. The dictionary of the language represents an amalgam of English, French, Spanish, German and Italian dialects, and the speaker determines a choice of words. Introduction into speech or writing the borrowings from the less common languages (Czech, Norwegian, Finnish, Hungarian, Japanese, etc.) is encouraged. It is not justifiable, however, to assume that Langlife dispensed with grammatical norms. Among its most important rules are the binding absence of declensions, conjugations, prepositions and articles. Tenses and the subjunctive mood still exist, although a number of leading linguists dispute their necessity. One cornerstone of the new language is the compilation of phrases with the obligatory inclusion of words of non-human speeches – words used in previous dialects to imitate voices of birds and animals. The most widely adopted sound-words are ‘woof-woof,’ ‘meow,’ ’baa‘ and ‘tweet-tweet,’ as well as many other similar expressions. Many Europeans use them in everyday communication. Skilled speakers, broadcasters and actors are capable of including a cry of an owl, sounds of cicada singing and even a nightingale trill in their articulation. The pronunciation of any word and the arrangement of stresses are arbitrary, which follows from the biological differences in the structure of the vocal apparatuses of living beings. 
Leading linguists and biologists, who have devoted their careers to the creation and development of the language of life, understand that only people could use this dialect. However, according to a generally accepted theory, Langlife is a necessary phylogenetic milestone to affirm the equality of life and the first step in creating a universal tongue accessible to all the inhabitants of the planet.
The pure language of life is rarely practiced in everyday communication. Most, even the vast majority of speakers, adhere to obsolete dialects wedging sound words into conversation, which is considered a sign of good manners. Thus it is not surprising that Helot bleats, Dr Pyrate neighs like a horse, Natasha croaks and her father sometimes chuffs like Bars the tiger. Remarkably, I myself began to bark from time to time and this does not interfere with communication at all; on the contrary, in certain cases it gives my locution a greater strength and persuasiveness. Of all my acquaintances, only Benjamin and Mlle Soya do not fit into the big picture. With Benjamin, it is more or less clear – he is a vegetarian and attempts to imitate the flora with pauses and silence. As for Soya, I am not at all sure. Perhaps such a deficiency of her language is due to the service in the Humanitarian mission, and it is approved by the authorities.
In the first weeks of my stay with the Europeans, their conversation caused me bouts of uncontrollable laughter. Then, having gotten a little accustomed to it, I spent hours watching TV, trying to guess which animal the speaker of the European Parliament would emulate in the coming sentence; will she mimic a thrush’s trill or imitate a sound I heard in the distant childhood when my uncle brought me to a bull’s backside?
At the end of the second month of the immersion, it felt like I understood the main meanings, despite the inability to grasp the details of what I heard. Even more surprising was the fact that after listening to the same enunciation twice (for example, one by a member of the European Parliament), its sense was revealed to me in two versions, which did not concur and sometimes contradicted each other. 
I shared these amazing discoveries with Mlle Soya. At that moment I sat in front of the mute TV to put my thoughts in order. The thoughts were not arranging themselves and I wanted to hear Soya’s ideas. Instead of answering, she left the room and returned a minute later with my favourite glass, one eighth filled with a fragrant golden liquid. I accepted the drink.
“Could you tell what brand of brandy it is?” she asked.
I inhaled the aroma, touched the surface with my tongue and took a test sip.
“Very good. Hine? I keep nothing else…”
“You are right, Monsieur Envoy,” mademoiselle stood as usual with her eyes down, “you have Hine, but I’ve got something else just in case. Therefore, I know better what brandy you are drinking. But there is no year indicated on the bottle. Only the producer knew when and where the grapes were harvested.”
I finished the Cognac and asked her to bring more: “And this time I want Hine, please.” Mlle Soya speaks either using her native French or in good English with a gentle, caressing accent.

* * *

Helot looked in horror at his own image, which appeared on the screen. He froze between me and the TV, stood there for several minutes, stepped back, sat on the sofa and hugged his sheep-friend. Allele sighed, as only a disturbed sheep could sigh. She wanted to doze off while her lover needed some reassurance. He turned to me.
“If they are looking for us in Cologne, baa-baa, then… then we are safe here in your home.”
Such logic disturbed me. The hell of the logic and the hell of the presence, especially his! The guests took a lot of space, demanded attention and I craved to be free of any worries. I had to tell him bluntly.
“You could feel safe in any house in this city! And I prefer you to be in another place outside of this residence!”
“You are the Envoy of Humanists! Aren’t you supposed to, baa-baa, aren’t you obligated to help a cornered living – baa – creature and a person?”
He appealed to my humanistic consciousness being its enemy! And by and large he was outside the scope of my help. I could hide him, inconveniencing myself for a day or a week, but in the end they would come and take him to where he belongs in accordance with their understanding of justice. It would be a different story if he appeared as a dissident. If he were a humanist, then I would try to arrange moving him and Allele to the States. There was no point in spelling all this out and I reacted as Colombina Pyrate would.
“Ha ha ha!”
And then, despite the futility of the dispute, I got carried away.
“I owe you nothing! I am a representative of a small island of humanists, and you are the citizens of a new civilisation that has chosen the only just way of existence. You are subjects of a biocratic society! You yourself decided how to live and how to end your existence. Even if you all end up in a meat grinder, what can I do? You are all cows, only some are the talking ones and others are speechless!”
“Are we all cows? Am I, baa-baa, a cow?”
“Of course! And as far as I comprehend the local culture, this is what should honour you!”
Helot bowed his head and once again moved towards Allele. I turned to the TV screen and pretended to watch the broadcast. The blonde announcer finished the story of the escape from the Farm and ensuing police mobilisation on the Continent. Advertisements flashed across the screen for a healthy diet of herbivores, carnivores and omnivores, and then the physiognomy of the President of the European Union, the Bouk creature, appeared. President Bouk was not a cow or a bull; he was a natural billy goat. I realised that having lived in the country for a year and a half and having unlimited opportunities, I had not met the president face to face. Helot, however, did not want to calm down.
“You despise us! You humanists, baa-baa, snub any living creature except, baa-baa, a person of your species. Others are secondary and suitable only for your physical or aesthetic gratification!”
He was more or less right. Can’t imagine why we should take care of the fauna without humanity as its central piece. Nevertheless, it seemed expedient to correct the young man.
“Not at all, we do not neglect other forms of life, we just acknowledge that they are at a lower level of evolution.”
“They are virtually unprotected by your laws! You care first, baa-baa, about people!”
Again, the statement was essentially true and there was no choice but to confirm this; but still he was not abating.
“Why did you come to us? Baa-baa. You will never acknowledge, baa-baa, the truth! And I do not want to listen to lies! You proclaimed that you came to Europe, baa-baa, to represent the interests of people, to refute false concepts that have spread about humanitarian society among us Europeans!”
I switched off the TV and turned to the man and the sheep. The room suddenly became quiet; only the sheep’s breath was audible. Thoughts cleared up and words flew with ease. I was appealing to the listener without a future. I spoke as I would to myself.
“You are mistaken, I am telling the truth now – exactly how I see it at this moment. Of course I do not hold you equal to myself or to us in general. You have caught up with cows and dogs. You lowered yourself. You in turn do not consider me a fitting representative of the fauna. For you, I am a despicable humanist – a biological and social past without the legitimacy to exist. In your eyes, I am a creature that does not have the right to live. Well, you, Helot, also no longer have the right to life in your world! You betrayed your own principles: left the Farm, refused to become equal to other creatures. Therefore, you must agree that we are both outlaws! That is why I can tell you anything, including the truth, which I dare not tell anyone else.”
Helot was silent. The sheep bleated in her dream and opened her eyes; she was not disagreeable at all on the couch of humanistic representation. I wished to take a sip of brandy but did not want to go to the kitchen or call Mlle Soya. I licked my drying lips and continued.
“In some sense we are similar, but there is a fundamental difference. You seek acceptance from your community, providing you and your Allele would be exonerated, released from the Farm… understood. This is impossible, but you dream and you hope for a miracle. On the contrary, I am just fatigued by my environment. I got tired: tired of my wife, children, of politics, science, art, climate. Most of all of the children and climate… I want… well, I find it difficult to say exactly what I want. Mostly to live outside society, yet so want a society to still provide for me. I am not averse to being recognised, appreciated, but not annoyed like I am now by you and your lady sheep. I want to do whatever I fancy and not be responsible for my actions. That is why I am here. It looks like here is the perfect place for me! Everything I do is negatively presented, but I don’t give a damn about your assessments. I am almost a completely happy middle-aged man.”
“You’re 47 years old, baa-baa,” Helot said unexpectedly.
I should have wondered how on Earth he knew my age. After all, I did not have to fill out questionnaires at the border or present my passport. My only identification was the Envoy’s medallion. Sure, my biography leaked into the news but I had not cared about them or their knowledge.
“So be it, I am an elderly man who has had little success in life. Here I am, suspended in my separation from the rest of the world. With your perverted notions about sexual attractiveness of goats, donkeys and rams, it is actually possible that I’ll find a young and beautiful girlfriend.”
Helot raised his eyes, looking not at me, but at the blank TV screen.
“I understand, baa-baa, you are a seeker of cosy adventures.”
It had to be acknowledged that the lover of lambs accurately formulated my life credo. He continued to stroke the sheep and stare at the screen.
“Do you have no friends, baa-baa, left there?”
I pictured Dr Bouni, his villa, Maya, Paulina… I wanted to smile and curse at the same time. Maybe in them was the main reason for my flight. It is good when friends are nearby; it’s good to feel their support, to hear useful suggestions. It is even better to listen to these suggestions from a distance… to miss some, or at least not to follow them, without risk of offending. Helot got up from the sofa and the sheep raised her head.
“Baa-baa. You wouldn’t refuse to show me the way to Benjamin. I don’t know where he now lives. Perhaps he won’t let us into his house.”
I mentally rubbed my hands together. I have achieved my aim. However insignificant and selfish the aim, it was achieved and without any outside help.
“Woof! Of course I will go with you and convince Benny to give you refuge. Don’t worry, he has a big comfortable apartment.

* * *

When we went outside it was still daytime, but the Sun was dropping west over the mountains bordering the city. If not for the fugitives, I would go via the Promenade to enjoy the warm breath of the sea and look at the dimming horizon. Helot did not want to hear about it – he got it into his head that there he would be immediately identified, handcuffed and taken to the police. 
We walked parallel to the sea embankment along Rue de France. Helot put on a cap and my dark glasses, out of which he saw next to nothing. He disguised Allele as well – made her to be a disabled sheep. Her front leg, bent to the body and fixed there with a rubber band, was the pinnacle of his engineering art. A black ribbon encircling the sheep’s face and covering the lovely eye crowned the masquerade.
The progress of the half-blinded man and the three-legged sheep along the street was, as one would expect, painfully slow. Helot walked holding on to his lover’s fleece and constantly risking of bumping into a pole or a passer-by. After each step Allele turned and dodged trying by all means to get out of the bandage that deprived her of a quarter of her legs. Each of said twists brought the poor young man off balance. I followed them observing that the masquerade really attracted attention. However, the engineering design that made the sheep crippled proved to be sound, and Allele had to endure the entire journey on three legs. On Boulevard Grosso, an elderly man helped them to negotiate a difficult crossing, and a bus waited until the end of the sheep’s clumsy dance. We managed to cross Gambetta without assistance and while Helot, trying to maintain his balance, dragged his paramour across the road, I had enough time to enjoy the view of the clouds above Mont Shauve. Finally, we reached our destination. Benjamin’s apartment was located in one of the best areas of the city on Rue Hugo.
I suspected that Benjamin would not be around at this hour. Indeed, despite many rings, the door did not open and the intercom kept silent. Helot’s face turned grey: he imagined coming back – the hand of a police officer on his shoulder. The return, however, was not included in my plans. Yes, we were in a quandary. There is nothing else to do but to go in without invitation. Professional master keys emerged from my pocket – another gift from Dr Bouni. “They can come in handy. I’m not sure you will be able to employ them considering your engineering abilities, but take them nonetheless,” said Lev. He was right as always. Having recalled the user manual, I inserted the master key into the lock. The expected miracle did not happen and the door stayed closed. Beads of sweat appeared on my forehead. Alas, nothing in this world is truly universal – and even universal master keys cannot be 100 percent trusted. While I was thinking about the revealed maxim, Helot intervened. The door swung open. The master keys justified the trust placed in them and the young man turned out to be a capable intruder.
“Now you can quietly wait for your friend in the hallway.” 
They did not agree – they wanted to be in the apartment. Well, I can afford to invade private dwellings. Nobody will condemn a humanist for such a misdemeanour. They could not even call me a burglar, because I am the Envoy and that’s that. I pointed to Helot and the sheep at the door. The master keys worked once again.

* * *

An air conditioning unit, posh furniture… I am in a comfortable chair, in my hand an elegant glass filled with golden liquid. The surroundings incomparable to that of my residence, the brandy is much better. Is such distribution of wealth fair? I think it is. Benjamin drinks expensive Cognac, but they are entitled to and could eat him at any moment. I have average brandy, but they won’t touch me. Still I am not immortal and perhaps that is the reason many people don’t have aqua vitae as I have and… no that’s not logical. Yet everything is fair in this Moonlit world. 
Soft music – Bach or Mozart I’m not sure. Maybe neither one nor the other. I am not looking at Helot, not keeping up the conversation, instead I look at Allele the sheep. It is more comforting to look at sheep than at people and in many ways more pleasant. The sheep, freed from her false disability, quietly chews on the tablecloth – Benjamin’s exclusive linen tablecloth. But she chews it the same way as in my house – not brazenly, without spoiling it to the end, and only a little bit. A congenital tact appears in sheep no less than in men, perhaps even clearer. Everything is good in this immediate part of the universe. Somewhere outside are violent creatures, but here there are none. There are three individuals enjoying a rest after a safe but tiring passage. They bask in comfort and appreciate a quality drink, or at least me and Allele do. If Helot was to leave the room for a couple of minutes, for example to visit the toilet, I would pour a modicum of Cognac (an expensive Cognac) into the sheep’s mouth. An astonishing €1000 per bottle, or possibly €500, what difference does it make? They could not get rid of money, even though money is a relic of the previous era. Many citizens are struggling to use it. Some nevertheless turned out to be able to rise to the challenge. Service dogs, working dairy cows, sheep and rams. There are debit and credit cards sewn under their skin… Moo, a bunch of hay please. That’s all half measures! What kind of financial reform would be required? The European Parliament criminalised monetary alms. Sure, only edible gifts were allowed. When I am in a good mood I shove a fiver at a ‘begging cow’ and watch with interest how she chews it. 
Helot did not go anywhere; I asked what kind of music he listened to. Mozart – I thought so. Poured myself a second measure. It is a pity that I could not drink the whole bottle; I never drink more than four, maximum five glasses a day, despite my love of quality drinks. The reason – I love my health more. Alas, health does not last forever. Maybe the Europeans are right – it is wiser to end your life on the Farm while you are still full of strength. But the Farm does not guarantee health. Yet, it would be great to get Allele plastered! It is acceptable for a humanist to conduct such an experiment in compliance with ethical standards of course. Pouring whisky or Cognac into a sheep would violate no ethical standards as far as I know. True, it is hooliganism, but permissible hooliganism – especially with the brandy, which is something vintage!
It is good here, but not at all like home. I want to go home, I long to talk with Lev about his patients and our passing life or lie in bed and listen to Paulina’s steps in the next room. Indeed, why did I come here? I explained it so well to Helot, so convincingly that he left my house without further bickering. Undoubtedly, I am a good psychologist! Years of communication with and observation of the great doctor were not wasted. I can explain to everyone why I am here, except to myself.
Mlle Soya is a bit like Paulina, although not with the same good looks. Both unobtrusively enter a room and speak alike, only in different languages. Well, the language of life is great stuff! It is remarkable that no animals, except humans, can master it. We humans are privileged creatures – linguistic aristocrats. The Earth’s biosphere cannot get rid of aristocracy, even having defeated inequality. 
Everything in my head was falling into a harmonious system: the language of life, my mission as the Envoy, Mlle Soya, Paulina with the children and Lev’s advice, Dr Pyrate and the brandy drunk in excess. It remained to write down a formula that I was about to produce and calculate how long I have to sit in this chair and watch a well-bred sheep, without paying attention to her partner.

* * *

Sure, Benny was surprised to find us comfortably settled in his place. However, he did not question how we got inside through the doors secured by two locks. To prevent tension between reunited friends, I owned up to opening the doors, letting us in, uncorking the discovered bottle of spirit and allowing the sheep to sit on the couch. Benjamin listened to the explanation, bowed his head to one side, thanked me (apparently for my resourcefulness) and turned to a long-missed friend. He pronounced something like, “Vladimir, long time no see! How glad I am! What fate! Seven years have passed!” Vladimir responded laconically and seemed not to know how to approach the aim of the visit. I came to his rescue.
“Benjamin, your friend and the sheep-friend of your friend need a place to stay for a couple of days, maybe a little longer.”
A predictable reaction ensued, “Ah, how lovely she is! How lucky you are!” and then, “I have room for you both. Stay as long as you want.” Benjamin resumed thanking me, this time for bringing Vladimir – an old, almost lost friend of his student years.
“I rather call him Helot,” I noted, “more suitable for him.”
Benjamin smiled pleasantly: “Mr Envoy has a special but not always coherent sense of humour.”
“Yes, I have a unique sense of humour, but I am not trying to be funny. Helots were inhabitants of Sparta, slaves of the Spartan state. More precise – serfs. They had certain rights and did not belong to anyone in particular; only the state could manage their lives.” 
Benjamin showed signs of irritation: he found my explanations of such trivialities to him, the metropolitan lawyer, offensive. Perhaps the bitterness regarding the brandy I drank also contributed to his deteriorating mood. Still, I finished my speech.
“Sorry, no doubt you are well versed on the structure of ancient Greek society,” I raised the glass, “with your education. Here I am testing myself. Do I understand correctly that Helots were serfs of the Spartan state who provided it with food? The analogy is obvious: all elected to the Farm are helots. Therefore, individuals leaving the Farm without permission are the runaway helots. They are hunted by the state. Like in Sparta. Right? It turns out your friend with his sheep are helots.”
I raised my eyes. Benjamin recoiled, as if my gaze pushed him to the other end of the room. He reached the couch and sat on the reclining Allele. There was a pitiable bleating, a cry of Helot, apologies, silence and the hoarse voice of our host.
“Helot Vladimir, is that true?”
Pause. I could have counted to 20 or 25. No one counted, but Allele bleated twice. Helot also sighed twice before speaking. It was amazing how his hoarse voice resembled Benjamin’s.
“Baa. I thought that being elected to the Farm meant that I could fulfil my duty like all the others. Maybe I didn’t expect it to happen,” Helot again sighed, this time rather pretentiously, then went to the sheep and knelt beside her, “What happened was terrible! Benjamin! I couldn’t! No, baa-baa. You should not think that I am a humanist! I know, I agree, human life – baa-baa – is no more valuable than hers! No different from the lives of other creatures. A Life is a life. Any life is always equal to, baa-baa, another and to all lives combined – humanistic logic cannot justify the exploitation of nonreasoning creatures. If we want to eat, we must be ready for our own consumption.”
Helot’s voice grew stronger; he proclaimed the European propaganda. Thank God, he used standard English and did not broadcast in Langlife. Then he spoke differently, poor cornered Helot.
“Yes Benny, the reason, baa, still matters. Would anyone feel better if another portion of, baa-baa, the Solidarity Mince comes out of our bodies?”
“Be careful, Vladimir! You speak like a humanist!”
It was Benjamin’s turn to blab about the meaning of life and the duty of the living to preserve the fauna of the planet, about the law, equality and biocracy. I had to take a sip and then another. Vladimir shouted that the sheep must live, bearing in mind he has to live with the sheep. He claimed that he must have free will and I agreed with him. He also assured Benjamin that he was not a humanist, but that justice should have exceptions and that we all have only one unique life. Benjamin fell silent and shook his head from side to side.
For me it was time to go home. Benjamin, despite their disagreements, would not throw a friend out into the street or denounce him to the police. Perhaps he would try to get rid of Helot and his sheep tomorrow, but that would be the next day and not my business.
They ignored me; they talked about life and death. So we had ranted once in our youth. However, unlike us, they discussed the palpable death – it had already touched Helot and was not far away from Benjamin. A comparison came to mind with soldiers of the Great War, those waiting to be killed in the trenches. Well, the guys didn’t look like soldiers and Benny’s apartment was a different place. 
Saying goodbye, I remarked that the Cognac was good and thanked the owner when he helped me find a bag to carry the bottle. Outside, no stars were visible because of the city lights, but I felt their presence above my head.
Chapter 5  The Manuscript of Sasha Sokolovsky
Mlle Soya handed me a manuscript – a stack of sheets held together by a rubber band and as displaying a tendency to turn into a tube. The manuscript, however, did not curl, as it was quite voluminous.
“She came last night while you were away. Brought this.”
Unmistakable reference to Dr Pyrate. Soya refuses to call her by name – she is the one always designated by a pronoun. Any other visitor is identified with a full label, but not Colombina Pyrate. I was charmed, but also annoyed by such obstinacy, and invariably demanded further clarification from my employee.
“Soya, I do not understand – who brought the manuscript?”
“The accomplice of the Envoy. The one who supplies you with illegal aliment produced in the department of Professor Christopher Corsair and who shows a certain interest in you.”
The explanation was exhaustive, the description of the visitor comprehensive. Soya looked at me without a smile. Once again, I got the feeling that she was ready to sit down for a chat. She refused and continued to stand, waiting for further inquiries, examining me from under her lowered eyelashes.
“Worth reading?”
Mademoiselle raised her eyes; I did not catch her by surprise.
“It is up to the Envoy to decide, as well as whether I’ve read the document. Now I’d rather bring you a drink to make reading more enjoyable if you decide to.”
Soya half-closed the blinds, creating pleasant lighting, and departed from the room. Five minutes later she returned with the promised drink and a sandwich stuffed with thinly cut pieces of cold reconstituted chicken, combined with lettuce and slices of cucumber. Soya put the tray with provisions on the table and smiled at the sandwich and glass of Cognac, but not me. The moment she turned her back, I caught a glimpse of her figure. The impression, like every previous time, was pleasant: five feet six inches tall, a thin waist, slender legs and attractive bottom. In addition, a beautifully shaped mind.
Left alone, I felt some excitement. The manuscript was in English, there was no title, only the date: March 31st of the previous year.

* * *

Natasha Taminsky came to our school when I was already 11. I well remember her appearance, it happened the day after my birthday on March the 17th. The first thing she told us, or at least the first words I remember, were, “Yesterday I turned 11 and I’ll be with you this year because my father, Mr Arthur Taminsky, now works in Nizhny Novgorod.” That’s how I found out that we were born on the same day; everyone in the school already knew why her dad had come to Nizhny. The day before at a class meeting Ms Pavlova told us that Mr Taminsky was a famous diplomat or possibly a lawyer (she was at a loss about his profession, but focused on the fact that he was very famous) who agreed to spend a whole year in our city. She kept repeating how lucky our city was. Even luckier was our Year 6 class, as the great man’s only daughter, Natasha Taminsky, would study with us. Then, right up to the end, Ms P kept going on about how we would meet Natasha, at which desk she would sit and who should be best friends with her. Ms P herself determined both the place and the friend for Natasha. That was next to her table, and Sveta Yurina was to be her companion. Only none of this turned out to be viable and Ms P’s plan failed on both fronts. 
Well, Ms P brought Natasha to the classroom, introduced her and was about to direct her to Sveta’s desk. It was then that Natasha declared her birthday. She stood next to the chair intended for her, but, having finished, did not wait until she was offered to sit down; instead she went straight to the last but one desk and Sokolov did not object. It was the most surprising thing for all of us that he allowed her at his desk, although Natasha did not even ask. He vacated most of it as soon as she approached and moved to the opposite edge, so she got a lot; she got more than she could occupy even if she wanted to.
Then the lessons began and another incredible event took place. Sasha Sokolov controlled himself. He did not walk around the room, did not interrupt anyone and behaved as never before – that is he kept his head down and his nose to the grindstone. This went on all day on March 18th and then the 19th.
On March the 20th when we – the boys – gathered in the locker room to change for a physical education lesson, Sokolov made a statement. Now I do not remember verbatim his brief speech, but the main point was that from that day until the end of time he intended to be a faithful pimp of Natasha Taminsky. All the boys present were silent – no objections voiced. Yet he repeated the same thing again, and then he came up to me and replayed it to me personally. I just unbuttoned and dropped my pants to my knees, but even being full dressed I would not object. I did not fancy the prospect of another fight, although the previous one did not exactly end with his victory.
Thus, a week after Natasha’s appearance Sokolov established himself as her ‘pimp’. I doubt that anyone in our class understood the meaning of the word. Anyway, the term was unfamiliar to me at least. I acquired it then and must admit that even now, hearing the word ‘pimp’ I envisage a rather sad figure. I wondered a lot why Sokolov chose such a title for himself but never came to a definitive conclusion. Sasha, being a constant threat to the school’s discipline, was a bright and well-read child. At one time I thought that he declared himself Natasha’s pimp to humiliate her and once again show his superiority to everyone around. However, now, after all these years, I have abandoned such an explanation. I remember Sasha, when he stood against me in the locker room, and trying to meet my eyes claimed that from now on he was the pimp. Even if he was a pimp, he was the one enslaved by the sudden appearance of a goddess. And, out of confusion, he could not come up with any other name suitable to his feelings. That day I heard this word for the first time, and there was a need to know its meaning. I did not ask my schoolmates; you never know whether such a question could cause ridicule and a lowering of social status. I did not consult with the dictionary either. It required an authoritative and truly friendly explanation. Therefore, the first thing I did when came home from school was asking my grandmother Liza about it.
“Gran, who is a pimp?”
My grandmother thought for a moment, smiled, kicked my school bag into the corner of the kitchen and gave me her definition.
“A pimp, sonny, is a man who earns a living by helping charming but lost women.”
Having said that, my grandmother turned to face the stove to warm up dinner, and I contemplated her words while pushing my fork around a plate. Natasha Taminsky was charming but she did not look at all like she was lost or losing her way. 
Sasha Sokolov was not destined to remain Natasha’s ‘pimp’ until the end of days. Two weeks later on a Monday, Natasha Taminsky was sitting at the first desk, the very same one where Ms P planned to place her. However, this time the plan of Ms P was also breached, as Sveta Yurina had to move to sit with Sokolov. Once again, Sokolov did not mind and did not attempt to get rid of Sveta. He continued to keep his head down and his nose to the grindstone even during the literature lessons which he usually plagued. When on Monday Ms P entered the classroom and saw the new arrangement, she only wrinkled her forehead and asked Sveta if she could see the board clearly. Sveta lowered her head and replied that she was okay. She could not say that she saw okay, because Sveta had poor eyesight and was bad at telling lies. These negotiations marked the second unauthorised relocation of Natasha Taminsky, and it was then that Ms P fell out of love with her, although she did not show a change in her feelings. At the end of the lesson (it was geography), Ms P remarked that Natasha could remain at her current desk alone if it suited her. Natasha thanked her and said that she would think it over.

* * *

Before Natasha’s last relocation, my life was not in any way affected by her. However, from that moment my unaffectedness came to an end. That day at the break before the math lesson, I stood near a window and daydreamed how after school, before going home, I would smoke a cigarette. I had fags in my pocket and I was imagining myself in a tiny courtyard across the road to the right from the school’s building. And just at that moment a quiet confident voice, which had not previously pronounced my name, brought me from the dream to a dusty school’s floor.
“Sasha…”
She stood next to me (as close as only Bogdanov allowed himself to stand) with such a look that you might think she was sure one could tear a person away from his thoughts with impunity. I didn’t know what was happening at that moment with my face and I don’t remember what was going on in my mind, but she got no answer. Still after a short pause, she continued the attack. 
“You are Sasha Sokolovsky! Sokolovsky is a much better name than Sokolov. You’ve got a noble family name. If I ever change mine, then it’ll only be to Sokolovsky. Not to Sokolov! My dad is of the same opinion – Sokolovsky is much more interesting than Sokolov.”
My mouth spoke on its own, because all of a sudden I heard my voice, but as if someone else was speaking.
“Your dad? I never saw him?”
“Of course you didn’t! But I discussed you with him this weekend.”
She touched my fingers and I felt like she put them into a 240-volt socket. Natasha, continuing to hold my hand, stepped back and lowered her head.
“I want you to sit at my desk… with me. And don’t worry, Sokolov won’t do anything to you.”
The bell was already ringing and she ran away. Mine was the fourth desk in the middle row; I shared it with Mike. Three yards separated me from her nape. There was a lesson in mathematics, and if they had given me any problem I would have definitely failed, because my head was 100 percent occupied by how to avoid a new fight with Sokolov.

* * *

Sokolov came to us at the beginning of the previous year, almost 12 months before Natasha. He could easily have been an excellent student and definitely the best in mathematics and literature if only he did his homework and did not annoy Ms P and all the other teachers. As I now realise, the boy had attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and neither his parents nor teachers understood this.
There were 12 other boys in the class and he set out to fight each one to assert his superiority. Sokolov did not start fights at school; he organised them after lessons on Otkos (the Volga Embankment). He challenged everyone in turn, and the following day a boy who accepted the invitation appeared at school with a black eye, a swollen lip, or both, and from now on he would bear the mockery and bullying of the winner. Mike Bogdanov didn’t fight. He considered it a useless activity, especially as he saw Sokolov in action. No one, in his opinion, could beat him.
My turn was approaching. I did not want a fight, and many times ran through my mind the words of refusal. He came up at break when I chatted with Sveta and Mike. Mike kept a variety of pets, and we were discussing a new aquarium given to him by his folks. Sokolov pushed Sveta aside, shoved Mike off and challenged me to come to Otkos after the last lesson. My legs started trembling, but my best friends Sveta and Mike were there. I saw that he bullied Mike even worse than the beaten ones. We stood close; Sokolov was not taller than me. I gave a nod.
Sveta and Mike agreed to be my seconds. After school he waited for us outside. Silently we moved to the banks of the Volga: Sokolov ahead, I followed him, Mike and Sveta closed the line. In the same order, we went down to the middle of Otkos’s slope and continued parallel to the river along one of the alleys. Finally Sokolov turned right and I followed him along the path leading up. We found ourselves in a clearing surrounded by shrubs. Raspberry stalks and bunches of grass stuck out through asphalt cracked in all directions. Sokolov threw his school bag to the ground and turned to me.
“Take off yours!”
Obeying the order, I took off my backpack, placed it in front and moved two steps back. My legs began shaking again and I, without raising my hands, tightly clenched my fists to calm down this treacherous tremor. With a kick Sokolov sent my backpack into the bushes and raised his fists level to his face. He smiled viciously, covering half of the smile with his right fist.
“I do not punch below the waist! Nor kick either! But you do whatever you want!” he said, “Now come on!”
With his fists aimed at my face, Sokolov slowly moved forward. I retreated, and when hard branches pushed on my back I started moving sideways. Sokolov’s smile concerned me more than his fists and I stopped looking at them. Suddenly there was an explosion in my right eye and I heard a cry from Sveta Yurina. Sokolov stood a step away from me, his hands down, and smirked. Now the whole of his smile was visible. I waved my right hand, aiming at it, but it dodged to the left and my fist accomplished a semicircle in the void. Immediately a new explosion hit the same eye. I took a step back, Sokolov’s smile no longer frightened me; I wanted to get it at least once. Sokolov aimed only for my face. He was infinitely ambitious, he wanted not only to defeat his opponent, but – and this was the main thing – to leave as many visible marks as possible. I raised my hands, trying to cover my face, and especially my left, so far unaffected, eye. We were now almost in the centre of the plot. Sokolov circled, looking for gaps in my defence. Twice he got me on the jaw. It tasted salty in the mouth. With this taste, my legs stopped trembling; I felt myself standing firm on the ground. I no longer saw the bushes, did not see the seconds and did not hear their screams. Sokolov’s smile occupied the whole space, but my fists still cut through the air. Sasha Sokolov had much faster reactions than I. Realising his advantage, he smiled, he smiled non-stop… I had no chance of success – I was doomed, like all the others, to come to School with a black eye and a swollen face.
Then I remembered the words of my granny Liza, “You’re a smart little boy.” I dropped my right hand to my waist, opening the eye that became useless, and sparks did not slow to burst in it. But this time I also felt how my fist, making a short arc, came in contact with the Sokolov’s midriff. Trying to catch his breath, Sasha gasped for air; the smile twisted, but still it did not leave his mouth. This time, however, it could not get away. I swung and slammed my left fist into the smile. Sokolov was on the ground, Mike Bogdanov was standing, stretching his arms into the sky, Sveta Yurina clapped her hands. Much later, I realised that the fight was supposed to end there and then with my victory by a technical knockout. Sokolov managed to get on his feet only after the third attempt. There was no smile anymore and my hands dropped. Sparkles burst in both my eyes at once. I sat on the ground and held on to the tufts of grass. He stood above me and screamed, “I am Sokolov, and you are just Sokolovsky! The Sokolovs are better than Sokolovskys!”
Mike and Sveta helped me up from the dusty ground and led me away. The next day I went to school despite parental protests. My grandmother convinced them by saying that I was not a stupid lad and should know what was for the best. Sasha Sokolov did not come to school that day. I had broken his nose. When he appeared three days later we had something like a tense truce. He did not touch me and I avoided him.

* * *

Another fight did not suit me at all. And moving to the desk of Natasha Taminsky, as I believed, was a sure way to end the ceasefire and start a new clash. There was no way out of this situation, so without waiting for the end of classes I ran away from school and for a long time wandered the streets. The next, pretending that nothing had happened, I went to the same seat next to Mike Bogdanov. The day passed like clockwork: lessons, breaks, our usual conversations with Mike, plans for holidays. Taminsky did not even look in my direction. Everything was resolving. By the end of the day, I was in a great mood and after saying goodbye to Mike and Sveta on the corner near the Osharsky pharmacy I took a slow route home. There was no hurry, my grandma was supposed to be away for another two hours visiting her friend Aunt Kira. I walked leisurely examining the neighbourhood and looking for a quiet place to smoke. Such a place loomed near the entrance to Kulibin Park. I put a hand in my pocket to retrieve the lighter but it was intercepted halfway and the voice of Natasha Taminsky emerged from behind me.
“Sasha, I do not want you to inhale smoke in the gateway. Go to my place. You can smoke in a room. Do not break away. I’ll call your grandmother and explain.”
She turned me 180 degrees, and I, without saying a word, followed her exactly as I had followed Sokolov six months ago, and I had the same feeling of inevitability and the trembling in the legs.

* * *

It was a house on Otkos. Most of the windows of the Taminsky apartment overlooked the Volga. Elena opened the door. It seemed to me that the young girl was in a school uniform, and I decided that she was Natasha’s sister. Later Natasha with a laugh explained that she had no sisters, not even cousins or second cousins, but there were always helpers in the house. Natasha threw her school bag on the floor and helped mine to follow it there.
“Elena will look after your bag and clean it,” then she turned to the girl who met us, “Elena, bring an ashtray, sandwiches and orange juice and remind me to call the Sokolovskys in an hour and a half.”
I have never been to such places. I thought I arrived at a palace as there was no end to the corridors through which we passed to reach Natasha’s part of the apartment. Her room was larger than our entire home and its windows overlooked the river. However, the furnishing was Spartan: a school desk, a narrow bed with a patchwork quilt, a folding sofa with an iron frame and two or three chairs. The place was almost like a school gym; on the parquet floor there were several carpets. Aquariums with bright fish, which I only saw on TV, filled the wall opposite the entrance.
Natasha gave the fish food, and when Elena brought a cart with snacks and drinks she made me eat two sandwiches (with caviar and ham) and drink a glass of cold orange juice. She then sat me on the sofa, put an ashtray in front of me and gave me a pack of smelly cigarettes. By then I did not want to smoke at all.
“This is very good,” said Natasha. “Smoking is not nice for you. Better we have sex right away.”
Natasha took off her school skirt and shoes; throwing them away with deft movements of her legs, she was unbuttoning her blouse.
“Elena won’t come in for another 45 minutes. Take off your clothes.”
Sparks or fog, or possibly both, arose in my head. My body ceased to be mine and my voice did not want to obey.
“Sex?”
“Don’t you know what it means to have sex?”
“I know,” my voice came from somewhere distant.
“That’s good. We’ll undress and rub against each other – don’t take off your underpants if you don’t want to. After that we will be girlfriend and boyfriend and can do whatever we want.”
Her voice was calm and convincing, almost like my grandma’s. I felt that my abilities to move and talk were returning and began to undress.

* * *

Over the following weeks and months, I spent most of my free time with Natasha. I liked everything in her house: sandwiches with caviar, smoked salmon and ham, spacious rooms and endless corridors, Natasha’s father, Mr Taminsky, Natasha’s mother Irina, Elena and their many guests. Even the daily sex was all right, although if it were up to me I would spend the time allotted to it in the museum room of Mr Taminsky, where pistols, daggers and knuckle-dusters were stored in cabinets and display cases. All these amazing things could be touched and picked up. However, Natasha had little interest in pistols. She preferred sex after classes and then in the evening, when her father had special guests and we were not invited to the dining room. I had to agree – I was ready to do whatever she wanted. Those days I would even fight Sokolov if she’d only asked, but fights interested Natasha even less than weapons.
The first few times having sex was very scary: I dreaded that Elena could come in and see me naked, but Natasha reassured me saying that a servant would never allow herself to open a door to the room without an invitation if there was someone there from the family.
When we came home from school only Elena was in, but that was not counting Paul. He never came to meet us because he always worked in the kitchen. Mrs Taminsky came home later at about six in the evening. She, too, did not enter Natasha’s room without knocking, and, most surprisingly, if Natasha did not want to be distracted, she told her mother to come back later. All this differed so much from my home – Dad and Mum burst into any room without invitation and only granny Liza sometimes knocked, but she also never waited for an answer.
Nevertheless, we always finished the afternoon sex well before five, and by the time Mrs Taminsky arrived, we were sitting at the desk fully dressed. Natasha did her homework much faster than I but struggled with maths assignments. Exercises were challenging for her if they did not have any story line, as Natasha always needed at least some meaning. With such exercises, she yawned, dragged her finger over a page or a computer screen and said all kinds of nonsense. Such as if I liked pistols, we could go to her father’s room, put all the weapons on the floor and have armed sex. I understood that the reason for all this stupid chatter was mathematics and did not pay attention.
I had to correct Natasha’s homework, and her mum and dad liked this. Now and then Natasha told them that Sasha spotted errors in her assignment, even when there weren’t any, and she coped with everything herself. However, when it came to literature and history, Natasha took over. Such teamwork contributed to our academic achievements. Although, to be honest, I hardly remember my successes that year, as well as what was going on at school. I even stopped spending time with Mike and Sveta.
My mother met with Mrs Taminsky at a parents’ meeting and approved my friendship with Natasha. Only Grandma said that Taminskys were not the people from our circle and it would be better if I spent more time at home. Still she did not object. I already knew that child sex violated the law and you could go to jail for it. I also learned (from Natasha) about such a concept as ‘the age of consent’ which begins at 16 – that was far away for both of us, so I said nothing to anybody, not even to Mike.
Natasha’s dad worked a lot. Natasha said that he did legal stuff. I knew that Mr Taminsky was one of the most important people in the city, but I did not care. He came home just before supper, which was rather late. In addition, they called their supper ‘dinner.’ At that time I was not familiar with European terminology and customs so I refused to agree with such a confusion, even if the food was delicious. This was the only point Natasha and I could not agree upon, and I did not side with Granny either when she noted that, “you should not enter an alien monastery with your charter.” My opinion was the explicit and unbending one: there are only three meals a day – breakfast, dinner and supper, not including snacks. Having dinner instead of supper seemed almost sacrilegious to me. For this main meal I did not stay every day; it usually started late and by then it was time to go home. Still, if I thought my parents and gran were okay, I stayed, and then, after dessert, Mr Taminsky’s chauffeur drove me home in a real Maserati. It was, as Natasha said, cool and more interesting than a meal itself.
For this main meal, the Taminskys had many dishes that were unknown to me. I was also struck that Natasha’s dad and mum never served food or laid out the table. Elena always did this, and afterward Paul came from the kitchen and very quietly asked if everything was satisfactory. No one ever told Paul anything but praises. Natasha warned me about this when inviting me to dine for the first time. Of course, if they asked I would not say contrary, because everything was just great. Neither Paul nor Elena ever sat at the table, and this, too, was not our way.
I told Natasha that with us my mother or grandmother serve soup and the main course, and that we all sit together at the table. She liked the idea, and it came to her to make Mr and Mrs Taminsky to lay the table for us, Elena and Paul. She laughed, and I laughed too imagining Paul in a white jacket and hat sitting between Natasha and me. In the end she decided that it would be better not to do that. My grandmother was right – various monasteries have their own different charters and the alien ones are good only for having fun.

* * *

Alas, my happiness was not to last even until the end of that year, and the end – as it is usually the case – came without warning. That day Mr Taminsky came home early. He called Natasha and said that he wanted to see us. When he entered the room, he seemed to fill it entirely. Natasha’s dad was in a good mood.
“Natasha, I want to invite your young friend to my office. It will be interesting for you, Alexander.”
“Do you have pistols and daggers there?” I asked.
“That is not what I am going to show you guys.”
“A machine gun?”
“Not that,” Mr Taminsky laughed. “I’m a judge. I’ve no business with machine guns, my wards hardly use large-calibre weapons and are not punished with machine guns. That weaponry, Alexander, is for an army.”
“Then what are we going to see?”
“Tout sera révélé,” he uttered a phrase incomprehensible to me, and there was nothing left to do but follow him and Natasha.
At first glance, the judge’s office was not attractive – a large, rather dark room unlike all the others, with numerous racks and bookshelves, and on the books there were words that I could not even read. I ventured to repeat the question that interested me.
“Sir, is there a single gun in your office? There are only books…”
“I am not a soldier or a militarist! Why should I put up with weapons in my office?” grinned the judge.
“Dad wants those who visit him to think he is not a gangster!” said Natasha and jumped into a swivel chair near the huge desk.
“That’s why we moved all the weapons to another room, closer to the female half of the house,” Mr Taminsky continued to laugh, “Natasha is too sharp for her age, sometimes I suspect she is smarter than her parents.”
Natasha, pushing with her feet from the floor, spun the chair and raised both legs towards the ceiling. She turned into a children’s toy – a spinning top – her buttocks became a smeared white spot, and her voice floated around the room like a recording set at the wrong speed.
“Da-a-d! I know you want to show Sasha a gu-illo-tine! I t-o-o-o-o-o want to see how it works!”
Mr Taminsky was already at the other end of the office unlocking a cabinet.
“You want too much to look at the guillotine. Well, girl, I am afraid you will become a surgeon.”
“I will not! Anything but a surgeon.”
“Why don’t you want to be a surgeon?” I asked just to say something.
“Because!” Natasha stopped the chair and looked into my eyes, “Just like that!”
Her father, meanwhile, was setting up a strange contraption on his desk, comprising two vertical rails with a crossbar, under which a shiny metal blade was suspended. There was nothing attractive in the device, and I knew about its purpose. Still, I had to show some interest in Natasha’s dad’s toy. I reached out to the apparatus.
“What it’s for? Sharp?”
Mr Taminsky intercepted my fingers.
“Be careful, Alexander! This is a guillotine! A five-fold reduced, but an exact copy of a French guillotine. We don’t want you to lose your limb or your fingers.”
“Guillotine?” I continued to give him the opportunity to talk about his plaything.
Natasha snorted contemptuously and spun the chair again.
“What ignorance! I have to tackle the history of the French Revolution with you!”
Mr Taminsky laid a pencil on the platform under the rails and pulled the cord hanging from the side. The shiny blade plummeted and cut the pencil neatly in half.
“Wow! Wow!”
Mr Taminsky smiled with satisfaction.
“Well! That’s how the heads of criminals were chopped off! Not only criminals. You know, they invented this device in England, in Halifax, but it gained worldwide fame during the French Revolution, when Dr Joseph-Ignace Guillotin suggested using it to cut off the heads of the death row prisoners. He thought this was a good method.”
“And so as without suffering,” added Natasha. 
“That’s right, less suffering! Before that, they executed people in the most unpleasant ways you can imagine – chopped their heads off with a sword, and this did not always work out the first time. They hanged them, which was also very gruesome. It was bad for criminals, for the executioner and the audience. Executions took place in public places in those days.”
Natasha’s father liked telling us about his guillotine. It started to interest me a little, but not at all like his pistols. With the guillotine, with this simple chopping off of heads, everything is clear – it kills whomever they decide. But with pistols and guns it’s different. 
Natasha listened and listened carefully; she, as it turned out, had her own plans.
“Dad,” she approached the guillotine, with her hands behind her back, “Did they cut off hands too?”
“Oh no, never hands, only the heads,” said Mr Taminsky.
“It’s so wrong that they didn’t think of it. Not everyone deserves beheading. For some it would be enough to cut off a hand or even some fingers. Why not use the guillotine for this?”
Her father smiled.
“At the time when it was widely used, the hands of criminals were no longer amputated. Only in the East did they apply such a punishment.”
“Strange…” Natasha frowned her forehead, “They stopped cutting off hands and continued with heads. Wrong! It should be the other way around.”
Mr Taminsky carefully moved his daughter away from the dangerous device. He had already shown his exhibit and further conversation was now burdening him.
“There are a lot of strange things in the world and we have to stop now. I still have things to do, and you need to prepare for tomorrow’s lessons.”

* * *

Natasha loved her aquarium. She had a number of fish tanks – a whole system. Besides the main one, there were at least a dozen smaller units and special containers for algae and fry. Seawater in the main tank required constant attention, and her father spared no expense on his daughter’s hobby. Twice a week, Associate Professor Petrov, a zoologist from the university, came to check, adjust and perform various operations that supported the life of the aquatic denizens.
The first thing Natasha did when back from school was to feed her fish. For long minutes while glued to the tank’s transparent wall, she scattered food for them. She stroked the thick glass and hummed, as it seemed to her, tunes. I tried not to listen to her singing, plugging my ears with my fingers and burying my head in the sofa cushions. Natasha had the worst musical ear imaginable; one might say she had a perfect anti-ear. She ruined every note but despite that she loved to sing. Ms Fedorova, our music teacher, suffered no less than me, but she was limited to listening to her only once a week.
It was inadvisable to distract Natasha while she fed her fish and performed the accompanying vocal exercises. Therefore, I endured it while she caressed her pets through the glass. I sat on the sofa, covering my ears (without making it obvious) and wondered why she preferred sex after fish feeding and not before. If we had done it first, then everything would be much better: Natasha’s singing and our main half of the evening.

* * *

The day after the guillotine demonstration Natasha, while attending to her fish, did not sing songs to them. Instead, she called me to the glass of the large tank. 
“You never approach my aquarium. Don’t you like my fish, Alexander? Do you not love them?”
Of course I said that I loved her fish more than all the other animals in the world, but was reluctant to go to the aquarium so as not to interfere with her talking to them, and so I said I was, “Just glad to look at you when you feed them.” Natasha stood in front of the glass, clasping her hands behind her back, which she did when she was worried.
“My favourite fish is not there anymore!”
“Has it died?”
Instead of answering, Natasha said that the fish’s name was Michelle, took my hand and led me out of the room along the corridors to the far end of the apartment. While we were walking, I pondered that not every fish had a name, and that Michelle was an unusual name and therefore Natasha was right in so calling her fish. A common name won’t work for someone who commonly does not have a name. Natasha led me into a windowless room next to the kitchen where there were many shelves and not just one but three fridge-freezers. She opened the largest one and took out a plastic box with a label, ‘N. Taminsky, do not open!’ Natasha took off the lid – there in a box, in a transparent cube of ice, a rather large fish stayed frozen with an open mouth and an unnaturally bent tail. I do not remember what colour it was. “This is Michelle,” said Natasha and buried her face in my shoulder. I felt it getting wet.

* * *

We were sitting on the couch and we were fully dressed. Natasha lowered her head, clasped fingers and clamped hands between her knees. She didn’t cry anymore.
“Sokolov did it! He killed Michelle!”
I also lowered my head. Sokolov came here, she brought him to our room, he sat in my place and did homework with her.
“That was before I knew you! Before you became my boyfriend,” she again put her face on my shoulder, but this time she did not cry.
“He caught Michelle and killed her while I was in the toilet. He said he wanted Paul to cook her in a frying pan like a mullet!”
At that moment I wished to break Sokolov’s nose again. I didn’t know if it was a desire to avenge the fish, Natasha or something else completely different.
“Tomorrow he will get it! You will see how I do his nose!”
Explosions were already flashing in my eyes – in the left and in the right, and in both at once.
“Sasha, you will not fight! You promise me not to fight, okay?”
“No, I don’t promise!”
I wanted a fight; I was no longer afraid of Sokolov’s fists. Natasha held my hand in her hands.
“I know that you are not afraid, I know you’ve beaten him once but I want a different thing. I want justice! You are my best friend – you are my boyfriend. You will help me.
“I…?”
“Sasha, shut up and listen. Sokolov wanted Paul to fry Michelle and us to eat her. Right! If so, it would be fair to eat Sokolov.”
To eat Sokolov? I tried to imagine Paul in a white coat and hat in the kitchen near the gas stove, roasting cutlets made from Sasha Sokolov. I opened my mouth but Natasha stopped me.
“Be quiet, Sasha. Not all of Sokolov, just a part – the hand with which he killed Michelle.”
It was doubtful that Sokolov would give his hand for meatballs or any other food, even if it were very fair. I expressed my doubts to Natasha. She smiled and hugged me – she already had a plan.

* * *

After a math class I blocked Sokolov’s path and an emptiness instantly formed around us. I did not wait until he spoke or, more likely, punched me – I had everything ready.
“You won’t put your hand under the falling knife! You won’t dare!”
He came closer; a familiar smile stretched across his face.
“And yourself? Would you do it?”
“I don’t care!”
Sokolov lifted his chin and pushed me with his chest.
“Then I’ll do it!”
“No, you can’t!”
“You’re telling me that?”
In the end, we went into the yard opposite the school and, without talking, smoked a cigarette – one for two of us. Then, also silently, we went to the Volga Embankment, this time I led him. Elena let us in, took the bags and escorted us to the room. Natasha was waiting; she told Elena not to disturb us.
On the desk where we did our homework stood Mr Taminsky’s guillotine covered with a dark veil. Sokolov, without asking permission, tore the cover off and stared at the device. I wanted to hit him in the face, but I had promised Natasha not to. After a moment of contemplation, he laughed.
“Sokolovsky will never pull out his hand! I’ll do it!”
Sokolov grinned at me and then at Natasha. He knelt down, placed his right hand on the block and turned his face to Natasha.
“Come on!”
I did not agree; I had to be the first! After a short discussion, which almost turned into a brawl, Natasha took over by proposing a draw. She took out a Ruble coin, showed it, turned away from us for a second and held out two clenched fists to Sokolov.
“Choose!”
Sokolov without hesitation tapped her right hand. Natasha unclenched the fist – a coin was on her palm. Sasha grinned at me again and put his hand under the blade for the second time. In a clear voice, Natasha explained that she would count to five, and then let the blade go. After that Sokolov may pull out his hand. Sasha pressed his lips and nodded.
Natasha counted: “One… two… three… four…” She put the guillotine into action with the count “five.” I did not see the blade fall. Sokolov still managed – almost succeeded – to get away. On the chopping block were left his index, ring and middle fingers. He continued to kneel in front of the desk, both hands lowered. Then he fell to the floor and howled. Elena rushed into the room, wrapped his hand with a towel and called an ambulance. They took him away. I did not see what Natasha was doing all that time. When I became able to think again, there was no guillotine on the desk, Natasha kissed me and Elena put me in the taxi that had arrived.

* * *

Sokolov was not at school the next day. I did not expect him to come after what had happened. Natasha did not appear either and that worried me. Perhaps the police took her for interrogation or maybe she got sick and cried alone in her huge room in front of schools of colourful fish moving along the transparent wall. 
The day went like crazy. I remembered being asked about something in a history lesson, after which the whole class laughed for a long time, and Mr Afanasev, shaking his head, told me to sit down and left me alone.
After classes finished, I walked around the school’s building; circled it 10, 20 times. Then I went to the embankment. The house where the Taminskys lived had not changed; it was not cordoned off and there was no guard at the entrance. We didn’t have mobile phones then, and I didn’t dare to go to their apartment. I stood on Otkos facing the house, hoping she would notice me from the window. It was getting dark and my grandma was definitely worried by now. Mum was on a business trip and Dad worked night shifts. In those days, or rather nights (days I spent at school and evenings with Natasha), my grandma and I were home alone.
Grandmother opened the door as soon as I touched the bell and said in a low voice, “Ignore me. Your girlfriend is in trouble.” The backpack fell to the floor, and I rushed into my room.
“Sasha, where have you been? I waited 100 hours! Sasha, today we see each other for the last time! They’re taking me away from the country! It’s okay Sasha, when you come to me I will marry you!”
We sat on my bed. She sobbed and pushed me away. I thought I did not mind at all hugging her. She wiped her eyes with her palm and told me how the previous night had ended.

* * *

After I left, they put the house in order; Natasha, with the help of Elena, cleaned the place and washed the pool of blood from the floor. Paul was not around, and when he returned he noticed nothing unusual in the kitchen.
“I did everything as arranged! I did it for justice! But you know, it’s good Sokolov saved his hand. If he didn’t, he could have died from blood loss.”
That night guests were coming for dinner. The first to arrive was a priest, Father Iosaf Yakhontov with his spouse Mother Evdokia, a good friend of Mr Taminsky. I met Father Iosaf and liked his velvety voice (which was similar to Mr Taminsky, but more songful), his funny stories and the ability to eat sandwiches with caviar in one go, putting them in the beard-framed mouth and ‘washing them down’ with vodka. Chris Patterson, a professor of law from Oxford University and a colleague of Arthur Taminsky, who visited Nizhny Novgorod, was also invited. The professor came with his wife, Mrs Patterson.
“If I knew that dad had invited guests! Well, it was too late.”
Dinner began beautifully; they started with vodka and caviar. Mr Taminsky was at his best, as was Father Iosaf. They talked a lot and showed the Englishman how to manage caviar and vodka in a Russian style.
“Dad wanted everything to be truly local and traditional.”
Natasha also took part in table talk, as was customary in her family. Professor Patterson, a talkative little man with bulging eyes, praised both the food and Natasha’s excellent English. “Of course my English is good! I attended the best school in London before we moved here. I always had As in English,” she told him.
Then Paul, accompanied by Elena, brought in the main dish, beef stroganoff. Father Iosaf tasted and Professor Patterson tried, and Paul withdrew accompanied by the approving remarks. There was a pleasant lull, broken only by the tinkling of knives, forks and glasses being filled with Burgundy wine. Then Mother Evdokia discovered a fish bone on her plate.
“Fish in beef stroganoff? An innovation of your incomparable culinary skill Paul? I want this recipe.”
After that, Natasha had to stand up and make a speech in English, explaining everything to everybody present.
“I wanted, first, to protect the reputation of Paul. Rather, it was second. First, I had to tell them about our struggle for justice. Because justice, Sasha, should not remain undisclosed.”
Everyone, except Mother Evdokia who did not understand English, absorbed Natasha’s words. Professor Patterson was driving his fork across the plate. Suddenly grunting in surprise he pulled out a piece of Sokolov’s finger with the nail in place. Mrs Patterson turned white and leaned back in her chair. The professor pronounced the word ‘toilet,’ got up and staggered out of the room. Mr Taminsky, turning to Father Iosaf and switching to Russian, sadly noted that the professor headed in the wrong direction and someone would have to clean up his vomit. Mrs Taminsky said she was glad that Elena would have to do it. Despite all these happenings, Father Iosaf continued to attack his beef stroganoff. After cleaning the plate, he wiped his mouth with a napkin and tried to calm those present.
“The actions of the young lady, although regrettable because they ruined the professor’s appetite, must have been guided by a higher force that is incomprehensible to us mortals.”
After a long silence Mother Evdokia said that French recipes do not suit her.
“Fish and beef may match, but I don’t want piggy legs in my meal.”
The guests soon departed, skipping dessert. When leaving Father Iosaf expressed his regret about the unfinished dinner: “I agree with Natasha on the subject of justice, but she should have saved her explanations until the end of the meal!”
In the morning, unpleasant events in the Taminsky’s house continued and as a result Natasha did not attend school. Paul, despite his saved reputation, left his post. He could not bear the insult inflicted by the interference in his cooking. No one in the family knew whether he eavesdropped under the door of the dining room or it was Elena who enlighten him.
“Here Arthur, how it is to have domestic staff who understand different languages!” Natasha’s mother remarked to her husband.
On the same day she dismissed Elena, despite protests by the head of the family and Natasha.
“Mother put all the blame on her! She just found a scapegoat!”
By noon of that day, it became clear that in the current situation the family should leave both the city and the country.
“Even if the Pattersons, Paul and she would keep their mouths shut, eventually the clergy woman would realise what she was served for dinner. Nothing would stop her tongue then!” concluded Mrs Taminsky.
We said goodbye to each other and I promised Natasha to marry her.

* * *

No Cognac in my glass, and from the sandwich only scattered crumbs across the table were left. Sasha Sokolovsky was just a small boy. Childhood experiences… bygone times… I was tired. The life of a child. Yes, he met his Natasha many years later… a happy ending with a marriage, a child and other components of gratification. And at the end there was a professed by cannibals (devotees of the equality of all living things) finale. A completed life without old age and disease.
The Sun dropped to the west and it was high time to close the curtains. Nizhny Novgorod… I too grew up there, but much earlier, and left before the described events. The places are recognisable – Otkos (a part of the Volga Embankment) and it’s easy to identify the house where the Taminskys lived. Sure, there is no other like that one in the city. I imagined myself going to the same school, descending the same paths to the Volga. Sasha Sokolovsky… he echoed me – spoke and thought as I did.
Why did he write this stuff? To prove that his childhood friend and future wife were a forerunner of the fair cannibals? A story about an incident in a little-known city of Eastern Europe or a myth – something that never happened? I have never heard of this episode. True, at the time I did not pay attention to the events in my native city. The case itself, if it ever took place, was so insignificant. It was possible that the disturbed girl chopped off the fingers of her former friend and cooked them in a family stroganoff. It would not mean at all that she was a herald of this society. Perhaps, to some extent, to the most insignificant degree. Such boys and girls are everywhere – there are lots of them. They convince themselves that it is imperative to cook a classmate who has killed their hamster and consider it justice. I myself thought so… almost like that! One ancient man (was it Aristotle?) said two millennia ago that the same opinions arise a countless number of times.
All that could have happened, but Natasha – a young woman I know – does not resemble a girl from the memoirs of her late husband. I can’t believe that an 11-year-old Natasha froze a dead fish and wove an intrigue to cook it together with the killer’s fingers. Although people do change over the years, especially children.
Nobody will confirm or refute this story. To enquire from Arthur is stupid and pointless. To ask Natasha – tactless and to no avail. I will never get to the bottom of it.
I was getting annoyed – annoyed with Colombina Pyrate. Why did she dish out this manuscript to me? She sneaked it in while I was not at home. Soya deserved my anger too. Why did she pass this stuff to the Envoy? I had no doubt she read it and, being a smart woman, could have binned the thing.
There was another bizarre feeling. If you like, you could call it a feeling of inheritance. The manuscript of Sasha Sokolovsky was his testament. Therefore, I had to finish studying it and, perhaps, take some steps afterwards.
Chapter 6  What to Do with the Ass?
Here in Europe, the internet, mobile and landline phones have long become obsolete. The reason is obvious – not all Europeans could adopt these achievements of a humanistic civilisation. Electronic devices are still used in financial institutions, as salaries are paid to many citizens (non-humanoids) with the help of implanted chips. Computers also remain in research: Professor Corsair and Dr Pyrate spend hours in front of screens ameliorating the quality of life.
There are still television and radio broadcasts that a few representatives of the fauna watch or listen to. At the same time the circulation of newspapers, magazines and other print media increased as almost any resident of the Continent could somehow use a paper.
Well, remote communication, that in old days preceded meetings and served as a means of uninhibited exchange of words, has almost died out. I got used to the new reality and don’t find life without a phone difficult. I just go where I want to, and, being the Envoy of another civilisation, am accepted there, if not with open arms, then at least without objection. 
After reading the first part of the manuscript having drunk my pre-dinner brandy and eaten an illegal sandwich, I felt just such a need to go somewhere and talk with someone. I was in no mood for courts or theatre; I wanted some private conversation with those who would not burden me with the language of life. I am not a particularly sociable person: my circle includes the Taminskys, Benjamin and a few others. A visit to Benjamin would involve another encounter with Helot, which did not appeal to me. Therefore, it was to be the Taminskys. They live in the Upper Fabron, which is in the north-west of Nice towards the mountains. Even with my disposition to walking it was too far away, therefore transport was needed. The bus stop is just 50 yards from Arthur’s villa, but with the speed limit of 7.5 mph, the trip would take at least two hours. After thinking over this problem, I chose the car. I can drive my Golf at 20 or 30 and no police officer in the capital would stop me – another privilege of the Envoy. All I risk is the nuisance of running over a cat or dog sleeping on the road. 
A double wall protects the Attorney General and his family from invasion by unwanted visitors. They have over five acres of well-maintained land with pools, palm and citrus trees. There are flowerbeds, paths and utility buildings. Arthur and Irina say they are glad to see me and their welcomes look sincere. I am a being from another universe, and this in some strange way brings us closer and allows us to skip conventions. The couple lives with their daughter and Bars the tiger. Previous to my arrival in Europe around 18 months ago, Natasha lived in a six-bed apartment on Rue Hugo in the centre of Nice. Natasha’s life did not change when her nine-month-old son won a place at the Equality Farm. According to Arthur, that was an ordinary, although challenging, event for a young mother. The family accepted it without cavil. Then just two months later it became her husband’s turn to fulfil his biological duty – commit his flesh to maintain life and justice. The departure of Sasha was a shock, for which she had not been ready. One night when we sat in the garden and drank chilled wine, Arthur noted, “She was unbalanced by too intense a course of ordinary events and could not stay in her former apartment.” Natasha moved in with her parents, and her flat in the most prestigious part of Nice remained unoccupied, waiting for a decision on its fate. I have no doubt Arthur uses it for his private meetings.
With the Taminskys I found an agreeable society. I like their spacious mansion-like villa under the roof of red tiles; I enjoy warm evenings in their garden, as well as winter meetings inside near the fireplace that is almost unnecessary in the Mediterranean climate. The view of the Baie des Anges and the awareness of the Alps behind act soothingly. Sure, I miss Lev with a steaming cup in his hand as well as Paulina and the children, but the company of two elderly people and their charming daughter redeems for these losses. The chuffing of the tiger, as refined as the hosts, is an indispensable component of the Taminskys’ world. Here I could be silent or talk about whatever comes to mind. The judge is ready to listen, without paying too much attention to even the most radical opinions, including criticism of the European society. He does not object to controversial statements, but often sprinkles conversations with the witty remarks and observations of a scholar, making you shut up, raise a glass and change the subject.
That evening I climbed up the path leading to the terrace not in the best of moods. Besides the thoughts caused by reading the manuscript, I believed that changes were taking place in my hosts’ household. Over the last weeks rumours spread that Natasha had got a friend. First came a hint from Dr Pyrate. Despite being busy with her research, she is always up to date regarding events in the capital. One might think she has created and is testing a gossip-detecting device. Then I heard the same from Benjamin and finally from my employee – and Soya is not inclined to spread hearsay.
Therefore, it sounded like Natasha got involved with a donkey. As a humanist and traditionalist, I disapprove of this kind of interspecific relations. Alas, here in Europe, it is the alien monastery where my charter does not apply. However, I also knew that the tiger’s attitude towards asses was aligned with mine, although it is possible he was thinking of lunch. Well, since Bars is a full citizen of the European Union of Life and a member of the family, I guessed that he could declare his right not to live under the same roof as an ungulate.
I was not mistaken; Arthur and Irina sat at the table positioned 10 yards from the veranda. Bars, having changed the habit of adhering to the judge’s feet, settled at a distance by the pool and directed a fixed look towards the darkening sea. It seemed he expressed serious feline disapproval of the family’s circumstance.
My arrival caused some revitalisation of moods. A new glass and a bottle of Sauvignon appeared, and Irina ran away ‘for a moment’ to organise everything necessary. There is no live-in servants in the house and the working hours were long over. Irina returned, we settled down as usual and it became almost good. There remained two negatives – no Natasha and no Cognac. When it comes to drinks, Arthur welcomes only vodka and wine. We started chattering about this and that. Simulating ignorance, I asked about Natasha. Arthur stretched his hands out and yawned.
“Oh, she got a lover.”
“Arthur, please stop—” started Irina.
“Why not, Irina? That’s a fact. The problem is she took an ass as her partner. Progressive, biocratic and so on, chuff-chuff! Well, here you go, how to explain this to Bars! He would not accept either ungulates or artiodactyls into the family.”
“Arthur,” prayed again Irina and, not knowing what else to say to her husband, turned to me, “More, baa-baa, salad?”
I nodded and, deciding that it was necessary to say at least something, so I asked the name of their daughter’s new romantic interest.
“Buridan,” she wrinkled her forehead, “actually, he, baa, is a good and well-mannered donkey, he’s not at all… absolutely nothing but… well, a very nice creature.”
Irina fell silent, and Arthur returned to his usual condescending half-serious, half-joking tone.
“Irina, we are comrades here – including the Envoy. He won’t blow the whistle. Even if he would, no one will accept the testimony of a humanist.”
Smiling, Arthur poured more wine into glasses and pushed a basket with raspberries closer to me, knowing I like to peck at them with wine. He spoke, and a note of concern sounded in his frivolous tone.
“That’s what I think, Envoy – she’d better make you her lover. It’s still not too late. Please do not wrinkle your forehead and do not open your mouth. I know you don’t mind at all. That would be much more agreeable and more pleasant for us, her parents.”
I felt awkward and guilty at the same time. Mostly guilty – guilty that I had not taken steps to start a relationship with Natasha. I knew that Arthur was trying to induce this feeling in me. Irina looked embarrassed by her husband’s comments, or maybe she just pretended to be. She spoke without raising her eyes from the table.
“This has never been discussed.”
“Because it’s obvious,” Arthur grinned. “The Envoy is a fully developed biological creature, although from a civilisation that has receded into the past, although married and with children. Still, he is almost a member of the family. Bars accepts him, and it’s nice to talk and drink with him. He is capable, I hope, of replacing an ass. There would be no obligations.”
Irina raised her face and a tear ran down her cheek. I held out my hand and she took it in hers.
“We hope that everything will work out, that everything will work out fine. Maybe you go to Natasha? Baa-baa?”
“Natasha! So she’s here?”
“Don’t scare him. Do not rush. The Envoy is no spring chicken, although a little younger than you and I,” Arthur turned to me and raised a glass, “Natasha is indeed here, but she had to leave the house and move to a cottage in the grounds to which Bars has no access.”
He waved his hand back, pointing behind the villa to the north, towards the mountains. We touched glasses and turned to the already invisible horizon.
“They say from here – from the hills – you can see Corsica.”
“Not often, at sunrise and usually during the winter.”
We were silent for a while. I wanted to see Natasha; after an evening with a donkey, she would be happy to talk to me, but Arthur said not to rush. I wondered how often I could force myself to go outside at dawn hoping to see Corsica. If there were a chance, say, of five percent, or four or even only two percent… The coffee became cold and there was no tea on the table. I craved to see Natasha.
“Please go,” rejoiced Arthur.
Bars, who, like me, did not take an active part in the conversation, approached and rolled over on his back, wishing that I scratch his stomach.

* * *

Behind the house gleamed another swimming pool illuminated from the inside. Having thrown off my sandals, shorts and T-shirt, I plunged into it. There was a shower next to the pool and a dry towel smelling of the Sun. 
Without looking for a path, I went up the slope until it reached a metal barrier. Behind the fence was a lighted cottage. They created a real pen for Natasha and her ass. Steel rods grew from the ground, rising three feet above my head. Groping along the fence, I found a gate and pushed open the latch. Two windows glowed dimly in front of me. A muffled ‘yes’ followed my knock, after which I entered the dwellings.
I had not examined Natasha’s living room as in the very centre of it she, positioning herself on her hands and knees, bowed before the donkey’s avidity. There is a fundamental difference in sex between a man and a woman and an animal with a woman. If someone enters a room where people are making love, there could be several consequences: sex ends, sex continues (if the uninvited person leaves the room) or sex is interrupted for a while. Sometimes a sexual intercourse might go on with a third-party present, but this happens by a mutual, explicit or tacit consent of the partners. A different situation arises during a sexual encounter with an animal, especially if a bull or a donkey is involved. It becomes dangerous for a human participant to interrupt the act while her partner would never leave the business unfinished.
That was what happened when I stepped in, taking for the invitation one of their utterings. I guess I should have made a U-turn and shut the door behind me, but I did not do it, and after a few moments of initial numbness not leaving the stage seemed as acceptable as exiting. Thus, I remained two steps from the entrance and three from the mating pair. Natasha was naked and the donkey, naturally, too. The ass’s eye slowly rotated in its orbit. Reflections of a lamp, of a bouquet on the windowsill and of the Envoy, standing at the door, were turning in it. Natasha looked at me, but I doubt she fully grasped my invasion. She moaned loudly; her face distorted not in passion, but in pain. When I came to my senses, I wondered what to do. Slowly, so as not to cause harm to Natasha, I walked behind them. I never met a bigger fool than Natasha Taminsky. Obviously, it had been her first intimate encounter with a donkey and she did not bother to prepare for it. She had not undergone the necessary surgical preparation. They write about it in popular medical magazines, advertising it on the back pages, and a family doctor should have warned her. The need for ‘Vaginal Enlargement,’ a simple operation to expand the organ, is supposed be known to every woman. Without this procedure, no girl caring for her body should come into a physical contact with representatives of a large animal species.
Wild hate arose in me. I wished to stop the rotation of the ass’s eye at all costs. Alas, as always, when visiting the Taminskys I had no weapon with me. This is the only place in Europe where I can take the gun out and leave it in the boot of my car. I looked around for a heavy object, but, after taking a deep breath, changed my mind. The fight with the animal during the coupling promised nothing good, primarily to Natasha. Not here, not now. There should be an opportunity to get even with the ass when he would be at least a few steps away from her.
The ass gave voice in the form of guttural grunts – he was nearing ejaculation. Natasha survived. With injuries, yes, but she survived. The trauma she suffered should stop her love joys with this creature for a while.
Outside, I leaned against the fence and closed my eyes. The scene did not replay in my imagination, only the memory of Natasha’s ear – a large, shapeless lobe, which once seen could never be forgotten.

* * *

In the car on the way home I calmed down. However, in the residence, when fully dressed I slumped on the sofa I experienced a vision. Somewhere above me grew a monster – a monster of equality. It had neither head nor skin nor scales, only shapeless ugly ears protruding from an amorphous mass. It growled and rumbled – demanded steaks prepared from a mixture of lamb, fish, human and pork flesh. It stipulated that all these ingredients copulate with each other while they were still alive to become thoroughly mixed, to release into the blend their juices – blood, saliva, seed, viscera. The monster was expanding, as I – stuck to the sofa – tried to distinguish its overhanging crotch. It was not possible to determine the sex or extend my hands to touch its body; I could not reach it. 
I jumped behind the wheel and my car grew too – it first turned into an all-terrain vehicle, then into an armoured carrier and finally into an amalgam of a tank with a winged intercontinental liner. I sent it along a winding road rising towards the monster’s crotch. Hens, sheep and people jumped out in front of my windscreen. The vehicle glided through them creating a train of feathers, wool and ripped flesh. The tiny droplets of bloody meat and fluff stuck to the windshield. I turned on the wipers and the blades scratched the surface, creaking and spreading a pink milky fog in front of my eyes. I sped up the capsule. Ahead, in the very centre of a highway, Helot and Allele appeared. Helot, dropping his shorts to the knees, stuck to the back of the sheep, stretching his hands and holding the animal’s ears. He pulled her ears, trying to turn the sheep’s teeth towards his lips, that were transformed into a two-foot long elephant-like trunk. 
Having wiped sweat from my forehead, I aimed for the centre of the sheep-human fusion. Pieces of wool and skin flew back, but Helot’s trunked lips slapped on the glass of the windscreen, and like a gigantic condom enveloped the blade of the right wiper. The left wiper stopped, while the movement of the right one became smooth and gentle. The grinding sound disappeared and the smeared glass cleared. The road became visible for miles ahead. Far away, a new pair appeared. They were not recognisable, but I knew that there on the roadside Natasha and the donkey called Buridan were making love. Envisaging the donkey mounting Natasha I worked out my next manoeuvre. It was necessary to position the left wing of the vehicle to cut off Buridan’s head and not to hurt the convulsing woman beneath him. I tightened my grip on the steering wheel, brought the car closer to the roadside and increased the speed. The details became discernible, and with horror I realised that a human head with the face of Natasha Taminsky was attached to a donkey’s neck. Had they exchanged body parts? Had Natasha received the revolving donkey eyes and donkey tongue? I could not discern the muzzle from the female physiology. I struggled to change the trajectory of the movement but could not shift the frozen steering wheel. Natasha’s face and the animal’s body grew in the windscreen and a leading edge of the wing cut through them. I opened the side window, leaned out to see Natasha, but only a barren grey mass swirled there, and in front of me an empty track stretched into the distance. I became scared to turn left knowing that one-half of the hybrid was sitting here, next to me. A pungent smell filled the cockpit – a mixture of perfume and donkey odour. It grunted. Who was there – Natasha with the head of Buridan or the ass with her face? The road sucked my vision so I waited for the passenger to speak, but it only sighed and rumbled and I could not turn my numbed neck, I saw nothing except the motorway flying towards me. I started crying, but instead of streaming down my cheeks, the tears flowed over the windscreen and the wipers started up at full speed but could not clear it. I realised that until the end of the journey I would not know which half of the animal-human pair I cut off and let into my cockpit.

* * *

In the gloom of my reception I could see nothing but the dark ceiling. I did not want see anything, even less to get up and turn on the lamp. Shafts of light came into the room from the yard and that was enough.
I like expensive, beautiful settings, but there is nothing of the kind here. A table and a sofa on which I rest and several chairs that had seen better times. There is no pleasure in looking at all these things. Better get up, go to the kitchen (into the comfortable world created by Mlle Soya), find there an invigorating drink and become a little less miserable. However, I had no appetite to go there either. I kept my horizontal position, closing and opening my eyes. This action did not produce any result; it did not fetch new visions, did not dispel darkness, did not bring sleep. I longed for advice on what to do next – to turn on the lights, to get up or prolong the status quo, to have or not to have tea or coffee or alcohol. I turned on my right side, lowered my legs, got up, reached the chair and called Dr Bouni.

* * *

In the diplomatic residence of the Humanitarian States of Tasmania and South Australia, sitting in a chair creaking with each movement, the Envoy talks with the shadow of Dr Bouni.
“Lev, I’m going crazy. I need your help.”
“Vic – first, hello. Then, please, listen how I sigh, how sad I am. We have not seen each other for more than a year and you’ve greeted me with your, I’ve no doubt, romantic problems. Couldn’t you offer me a cup of tea?”
“Sorry, I’ll go to the kitchen and ask Mlle Soya to make it.”
“Soya is not here at this hour – you know that. You never mastered the art of convincing lies. Besides, you understand that being on the opposite half of the Earth I can’t drink tea with you. Alas, we won’t have a cup of tea any time soon.”
“Neither a glass of brandy.”
“Right. To each his own. And, as usual, you don’t care about either your friend’s health or your wife and children, nothing but your own snags. Go on. Tell me. You always have such a nifty life! Do you know how much my consultation costs?”
“Well, your tariff is €300 or $300 an hour.”
“Here, here. Almost so! Only not three, but $350, and there is a long queue of those wishing to pay! Just for your information – out of five individuals aspiring to see me, I take only one at the most. Meanwhile, for you everything is ready, everything is free. All right! Let’s not be distracted. What do you want?” 
“I just don’t know what to do. Colombina Pyrate imposed a manuscript on me. The memoirs of Natasha’s husband, Natasha Taminsky. He is gone to become Solidarity Mince. The text is childhood memories, how he met her and so on. I was reading all day today, and then…”
“Have you read it to the end?”
“Oh, no! I felt that everything he described had happened to me, that I could have written something like that if I wanted to.”
“Finish reading it, perhaps you’ll be inspired – maybe write something yourself. In any case, you’ll feel better!”
“Lev! I have not yet finished – last night I went to visit the Taminskys—”
“And you saw your flame making love.”
“How do you know?”
“How? How! Through my experience of communicating with weirdoes like you. That’s how! You do not even need to be a psychiatrist for this diagnosis!”
“Yeah, I saw her. She is the donkey’s mistress! It upsets her parents and when I visited her, she was… with him.”
“Right, Victor. Parents are worried, they would like you to replace the ass, although you are married and not in your first youth. And you, sure, dream of playing the ass’s part. What is its – his – name?”
“Buridan, after the French philosopher of the 14th century.”
“Excellent. Hard to find something more appropriate. The problem is that you would struggle to reach even the ass’s league.”
“Listen, she is a fool! She has not even—”
“No need to paint a picture, I can figure it out myself. There is no perfection in life. Alas, Natasha is your type: a perfect blend of charming and ugly, sublime and barmy, bitchy and—” 
“Lev, stop! I had terrible dreams! Rather visions. I wanted to kill this donkey, but… I killed Natasha… in a dream, in my vision. My nightmare! What should I do now? Am I crazy?”
“No, I assure you – you are not losing your mind at the moment. You have been deranged for a long time. There should be no difficulties. I tell you what happens. You have simply stopped pretending to be normal and it bothers you. However, there are no reasons to worry. It may be unpleasant to display signs of aberration, but not in your case. You have a huge advantage over others. You are living in a universe you do not belong in. Still, they accept you. Do you understand? You can do whatever you want – anything that comes into your head. You may kill the ass-friend of your darling and lock her in a basement or drop your pants in a restaurant. You won’t be put in a jail, not even thrown out of a café!”
“No, they won’t kick me out! You know, they put me at a separate table in restaurants.”
“Very good. That’s fine.”
“Lev, I feel an irresistible desire to kill her lover!”
“First, your desire is not irresistible, it is just a beckoning one. You know this very well! Second, Buridan is not a lover, rather a legitimate partner or a husband. Correct?”
“I think so. There can be no other way what with all the regulations. A daughter of the Attorney General could not live with a donkey without the proper papers.”
“There you go. Right. So do you really intend to eliminate the husband of N. Taminsky and assume his place?”
“Well, everything is much more complicated – it’s not so simplistic! When I saw Natasha with this donkey… ass…”
“You mean saw her being humped by the ass.”
“Lev, please!”
“How else could I describe what you saw?”
“I know she is not in love with him! This is out of despair!”
“Vic, let us leave aside romance and fantasies. Consider the facts. They are: B is the partner of N, you want to take his place and to avoid matrimony. At least I hope you don’t plan a divorce.”
“Lev, your presentation is too straightforward! The situation is much more nuanced than you imagine!”
“Your situation is exactly as I presented. Pretence of complexity shows a reluctance to take steps towards a resolution. Life is in most cases simple and usually straightforward. Alas, Victor, only one straight line passes through all its points, no matter how scattered they are. And that would be fine, but the fact also is: this line has an end, and this end always falls on the same point.”
“You deal neither with the line of life nor with the point of death.”
“Correct. My specialty is to deal with the outlying, or out-flying, points. I analyse them and attach them to lines of life, so they look straight to the owners and their neighbours on the plane. Now back to our problem – you want to get rid of your imaginary rival. You think after the demise of her current husband Taminsky would rush into your arms, embrace the Envoy of Humanists?”
“Not right away! I’ll wait as long as it takes.”
“He will wait! After a short bereavement… I like it. I’m delighted with your self-confidence.”
“What else could she do? Her child and the first… the real husband were taken to the Farm. When we get rid of the ass, I will convince Natasha to move to Tasmania.”
“Great. I know Paulina will be delighted! Do not panic, I am not going to reveal to her your disposition. Besides, this is only a plan. How many similar projects were left unfinished to make you a faithful husband?”
“Let’s not touch on my past. I was prone to romance back then.”
“Yes, let’s not. The present plan is far away from romance. You want to wipe out the ass that has screwed the woman and harmed her. Well, your desire is consistent with your mission. It would be wonderful to eliminate the evil beast, aiming its sexual activity at the representative of our species. No objection – execute the donkey mutilating the young woman, who lost her dearest ones, the woman with a weakened psyche! You should kill him! Overdue! You have long had to do something like that! Your authority as the Envoy of the Humanitarian States needs a decisive démarche! Since you can ignore the jurisdiction of the European Union such a killing could not threaten your freedom, even if you were discovered.”
“I hope no one will know.”
“Yes, sure. Otherwise, Natasha might misinterpret your action before she knew you better and perhaps more intimately. I suppose you have planned all the details of the operation?”
“Lev, I’ll use your gun.”
“Revolver, torn from my heart! Now listen Vic, the first thing to do is to inject a microchip under the donkey’s hide. You’ve got all the equipment you need. You have not forgotten?”
“Sure! I have everything ready. A painless injection…”
“That’s it. You can then keep track of the labelled fiend. And since you are now a kind of family friend, you’ll have opportunities to open the doors of the ass’s paddock – I apologise, the apartment – and let him walk out. All donkeys are asses. He will go, and you’ll shoot him far away from the eyes and ears of his lawful wife using my Nagant seven-shot revolver fitted with a suppressor. Do not forget about the suppressor!”
“Lev, it is a good and simple plan! I thought of something like that – the simpler, the less likely I would make a mistake and ruin what needs to be done.”
“You’ve already thought everything out! Why bother with my advice?!”
“Sorry, I did not want to offend. I will implement your plan, it is much better than mine. Thank you.”
“No problem. Hope you feel better now. No more thoughts of madness, they are supplanted by the dreams of the forthcoming rescue of the beauty from the hooves – sorry, I do not know how to put it any other way – of a monster. Think on how Theseus took away the beauty from the dragon. You will deliver your Natasha from the ass – there’s not much of a difference. Sure, there are nuances. Buridan has already damaged your love a bit. Well, she should be all right. Do you feel relieved now?”
“Lev, I am not satisfied. I lost this feeling… there is no longer such a thing. Even after talking with you.”
“Victor, satisfaction is an emotion of simpletons. Now look at yourself, analyse your egoism! What a complicated and profound sense of self you have! No, you are not one of them. Satisfaction is not for you! Satisfaction for you is not the forbidden fruit, but, alas, the unobtainable one.”
“You think so?”
“Sure.”
“What should I do then? I am lonely and on the brink. I can no longer tolerate their food! Maybe they add their Solidarity Mince to fruit and veg.”
“Not that. I would know. Come back, we will cheer you up. Do you hear my heavy sighing?”
“Lev, home is no better! Tasmania is a small island. When I recall that my home is a small island and everything around belongs to cannibals… When I think about it, I want to be… well, at least to have one more home… another island, like here, in the residence, so I could hide from everyone, harbour myself either there or here. What should I do now?”
“Read Sokolovsky’s memoir. It will distract you from self-pity. Besides, you need to understand him better for the sake of your future sweetheart.”

Chapter 7  Elena Forelle
It was three in the morning but I couldn’t sleep, enduring the iron ribs of the sofa bed supposedly built to give rest to a person. Confused and obscure thoughts circled in my head, not carrying me along and not leaving me in peace. I shifted my body to the edge of the sofa, sat on it, found a button with my foot, turned on the light and was relieved to see the table and the chair were still three steps away.

**

Natasha left our city but her house stood as before. Even the leather upholstery on the door to their apartment survived, however a golden tablet with the name of Mr Arthur B Taminsky disappeared. 
Two weeks after Natasha’s departure, I vowed to never see the Volga Embankment again and I kept this commitment. I did not want to see the river either, but it proved difficult and despite all the efforts, sometimes going by bus via the old bridge over the Oka River – the greatest tributary of the Volga – I looked at the two streams joining into one and at the ships sailing along the waterways. 
I quit cigarettes. After classes, it was Bogdanov and Yurina who smoked while I headed home. It was 25 minutes’ walk (if not in a hurry) from our school to Nevzorova Street where I lived. We – my granny, parents and I – had not moved. We were in the same apartment on the ground floor of an old brick house, which had a garden with an apple tree I had climbed since the age of six.
Grandmother was always at home while my parents were at work or away on business. When home, they busied themselves with the housework. If there weren’t enough chores – this turned out to be the worst – they argued about money, which we always needed.
There was no one left around whom I wanted to see and I spent lots of time with Granny. She cooked cutlets with mashed potatoes for me and sometimes made my favourite ‘floating island’ dessert. She also baked cinnamon buns. Having had lunch, we settled in front of a plate of freshly baked buns, washed them down with tea from a samovar and waited for my parents. Both then and long before I knew that my Grandmother was the best in the world, or as Natasha put it (she herself did not have grandmothers), she was ‘a real cool granny.’
Still, she had one failing. Then I even considered it a defect – she earnestly believed in God. Not that she prayed all the time or rushed off to church forgetting about lunch. Quite the contrary – she never visited church and I heard her once telling Mr Dobrolyubov, who had come for a cup of tea, that it smells bad there. Still, Granny believed in God. In the room where she slept there was an icon in a dark copper wrap hung high up under the ceiling, and every evening, after closing the door behind her, Granny knelt in front of it. This behaviour did not fit a cool grandmother. While I was young and ignorant, and afterwards when I had Natasha, I somehow ignored God. However, left alone I begun thinking about him a lot: why he is needed and how it is possible to believe in him if he never shows up and really does not exist! What finally convinced me of the inanity of God was that he allowed Natasha to leave our city and did not hear my requests to return her even for a single day. That is why I once plucked up the courage and asked Grandmother.
“Granny, how can you believe in God if he does not exist?”
I had steaming cutlets on my plate and a small puddle of a tasty gravy was spreading around them. Granny put some mashed potatoes on my plate and sat next to me on a stool. This was not normal, because when I ate she usually stood by the stove or pottered around the kitchen. This time she sat wiping her hands on an apron. I decided that my grandmother did not want to talk and set about the mashed potatoes and cutlets, but then she answered.
“Sasha,” she began, “but there must be something high above? Someone who is more intelligent than we are and even your teachers?”
This did not convince me, I could not agree with her.
“But there is no God! He is nothing at all! He does not exist!”
I stopped eating, filled with indignation of how the very best grandmother during her lifetime failed to figure out such a simple thing. I looked at her and did not understand how this was possible. Grandmother stopped wiping her hands, broke off a piece of rye bread from my slice and put it in her mouth. Probably, as she herself liked to say in such cases, she did it automatically.
“What do you mean, Sasha? There is the name. Could you imagine somebody with a name who does not exist?”
I pushed away my plate with one cutlet left and attempted to imagine, to picture it as hard as I could. I tried to figure out Ms P without her voice, journal, pointer and Ms Pavlova herself. I failed to envisage how she would look (with no look), how she would teach us, call us to the blackboard, move to another desk and do anything at all. It felt silly and funny, but I tried not to show her that, and instead imagined Mike Bogdanov without himself and Sveta Yurina without Sveta and even without her braids. Then I tried to think about our class without our class. Only names… names sitting at the desks and the voiceless name of Ms P trying to say that we should shut up and behave, but we could not even answer her that no noise is possible, because we don’t have any voices at all. At that point it became so fantastic that the food, about which I completely forgot, fell out of my mouth back onto the plate. My Grandmother also became amused, so amused that she picked up the mash I had lost and put it into her mouth. We laughed and ate from the same plate, and Granny stroked my head. When we had eaten all the mashed potatoes, I suddenly remembered Natasha and realised that there was only her name left. And yet Natasha was somewhere, as it seemed to me, very close. Then I knew that this was the same as what my best-in-the-world Grandmother thought about God. And I felt very sad and not amused at all.
She wiped my eyes with her apron and said that with God’s help I will see Natasha again. Then I felt that there might be my Grandmother’s God who had the name but would not show his face, who could help me see Natasha but who also was not visible. Well, as in maths, when two minuses add up, the number becomes a positive one. That was why I asked my grandmother for permission to speak with her God. 
“Of course, sonny go talk to him and close the door behind you so I don’t accidentally interrupt you.”
We did not talk, but I looked at him. It was hard, because he hung closer to the ceiling than to me, and there was a lot of a darkened copper wrapper around and all that was in a glass-fronted box, which Granny called a kiot. From an entire God only the face and fingers remained, everything else was hidden. His face was rather black. I looked at him for a long time, but the conversation did not work out. It just so happened that I stood silent under God and stared at his kiot, face and fingers. At the end I saw that the ceiling above him had cracked, and one piece of plaster was about to fall, and I thought it’s okay if it would fall on God only and not on my Grandmother when she’s on her knees. As a result, I had a silly thought: a dream that I wouldn’t go to university, wouldn’t even bother to finish school, but learn how to repair walls and ceilings in houses so God shouldn’t be worried about plaster falling on him or random grannies. I never tried to talk to my Grandma’s God again; neither with her about him and that is a pity. I don’t think she could have told me anything else, but it’s a shame because I just want to talk to her, especially now when everything has changed so much.
When my Grandmother died, God became an alien – not my Grandmother’s God anymore – and talking to him became pointless. Later I discussed religious topics with Father Iosaf, but it was not the same as with my Grandmother.
That same year she tripped on a rug and broke her leg. The fracture did not heal; she sat in an armchair and then lay in bed. God was not visible from her bed and I do not know why my Mum and Dad did not take care to move him closer. 
When Granny was laid up I almost stopped talking to her and she could no longer go to the kitchen and cook my dinner. Mrs Anastasia came every day to help with Grandmother and give her some tea. I popped into her room in the evenings to say goodnight.
Mum was now cooking, and after school I had to reheat my dinner. Mum’s cutlets were edible, but the mashed potato always had lumps and was too salty, and she never made me floating island or buns.
When grandmother died there was nothing to do at home and I started spending time with Mike and Sveta again. We smoked in the yard opposite the school and drank beer. Two years passed; I was already an adult and became bored with drinking beer and smoking. Sveta’s pigtails disappeared and instead she went with a short haircut. She also quit cigarettes and drinking because one spoils the skin, and the other makes her puts on weight. Both of them – Sveta and Mike – wanted to go somewhere together after classes, and again I found myself alone.

* * *

Two more years passed. After school I went anywhere but home or the Volga Embankment. Sometimes I found myself next to the Taminsky’s house. I approached it from the backyard, so as not to see the Volga Embankment. Natasha’s windows were on the other side, but I could stand in the yard as long as I liked without seeing the river that I swore never to see again. 
It was on such a day when I stood in the courtyard of Natasha’s house that Elena came up to me. As she touched my hand I was first startled and then delighted thinking she was Natasha. When I realised that she wasn’t, I couldn’t place that girl smiling at me. I didn’t recognise her; it had not even occurred to me she was Elena, because Elena was a tall girl and this one beamed up at me and did not let go of my hand.
“I’ve been following you for ages Alec. I know you split from your friends or they dumped you. Your parents are always at work. Time for me to take care of you.”
Only when she spoke did I recognise her. I remembered her voice and that she called me Alec instead of Sasha. How small she had grown! To restore my memories, I sat down and looked up at her. Yes, sure – Elena! She let go her hand and stroked my cheek.
“I am not an old girl and I haven’t shrunk back to the ground. It’s you who grew up! The last time I saw you off to the taxi,” she paused, “you were 11 and I was 19. Today you’re 16. That’s it!”
Today I have not reached 16 – my birthday was coming the day after tomorrow but I did not want to tell her this. Being too surprised, I mumbled some kind of nonsense.
“Elena, so you’ve not forgotten me; I never see you – you now live in another city.”
“Met more than once, just passed by,” she smiled and touched my hair, “and from now on you should not look away. Let’s go! Don’t stand here.”
“Where do we go? A park? A cinema?”
“Where I take you. Hope you don’t mind holding my hand? I’m not that old, you know.”

* * *

“I know everything about you: where you live, what streets you take to go home from school, when your parents are back from work, about your friends Sveta and Mike. You don’t see them much anymore.” She stroked my head as if I were a little one. I didn’t mind. I wanted her to continue. “Your grandmother died and I wanted to come and hug you when you stood under a linden tree and cried but I ordered myself to wait until you were 16.”
“I never cried.”
“You were small and sad, and with a schoolbag. You wept and no one comforted you.”
“I never stood under any linden tree.”
“I know where you stood, how you looked and what you did! As a woman I understand your feelings better, although you are now 16 and almost six feet tall!”
“Five feet 11 and I am not 16 yet – but I will be the day after tomorrow.”
“Gosh! You’re a minor! We are breaking the law! Out of my house, return the day after tomorrow!”
She took me for a little one, she came up with the idea that I cried on Otkos and she spied on me for years! Still, I did not want to leave. It was so good at her place. Not as good as with the Taminsky’s, but half that, or rather three-quarters, and I became scared that I was about to lose these three-fourths of the returned happiness. 
She brought me to her place. Our apartment, if compared with that of Elena’s, could be considered huge. There was just one room and a kitchenette where even a tiny table could not fit. This table stood in the room by a single window that looked onto a grey wall of a building, maybe a factory. It seemed if you opened the window, you would hit that wall. A bed occupied most of the room. Elena and I sat on it as there was no other place in the apartment. Just in case, I said, “I don’t want to go – please, allow me to stay a little longer.”
“You may come the day after tomorrow,” said Elena, “I’ll have a present for you.”
“Please don’t! If you need to do homework I will sit and wait and won’t interfere.”
Immediately I realised what a stupid thing I had said. Elena laughed while hugging me and kissing me on the lips. She laughed quietly, and as if not laughing but crying. Sure, she got more proof that I was not an adult. I wanted to make excuses and show her I was not an infant and not so stupid.
“Well, I meant to study for a university course or something!”
These excuses did not add up to something coherent, I could not remember where else – except for schools and universities – it was necessary to do homework. She stopped laughing, pulled me to her and said in my ear, “I forgot when I was at school, forgot about any homework. Maybe I never did it. And I never studied at university. I am fine with no studies.”
“So you’re not asking me to go?”
Elena pushed me away and squatted on the bed. She then sat, holding a pillow in front of her. Her fingers – with short-cropped nails covered with a light varnish – scratched the white pillowcase.
“You no longer want to stand in the courtyard of the house on the embankment? Do you like it here?”
I nodded and glanced at the wall obstructing the view from the window. It was warm and safe in her room.
“And the view from the window?”
There was no view, and most importantly no view of the big river and its banks. I nodded again.
“I like the look.”
“Do you like it more than the view from the Taminsky’s flat?”
Maybe she tested my patience and wanted to drive me from her house. I did not understand, but I decided not to give in and not to pay attention to her tone that had become chilly.
“I don’t like the Volga. It’s much better with a wall outside.”
“You like it here more than in their house?”
That was unfair and she knew it. I could neither answer nor brush it away. I still did not want to leave. It tickled in my eyes; I wished I was split in two – to be at the same time in front of an aperture filled by the grey wall and with Natasha in front of the window overlooking the river hidden under a thick layer of ice and snow.
“I like your place more than my home, much more. But with the Taminsky’s it was different. Yours is half as good as it was there.”
After these forced words I found out how fierce Elena could be. She grabbed my hand, twisted my ears with her fingers, shook my head from side to side.
“A half! Just a half! Am I half the price of her? Am I worse than her? Look at me! You were 10 and you were fucking sure that you were making love! Yeah! You made love! Fucking love! Because of her you still don’t have a real girlfriend!” 
Elena continued to yell and shake me, but I realised that a person had appeared in my life with whom I could talk to – talk about anything and everything. She calmed down just as suddenly as she exploded; dropped her hands and head. Then I tried to explain everything to her.
“We did not make love. We had sex because Natasha wanted to. Natasha was very sexual and she needed it every day after school. It was okay with me. If I refused, she would call Sokolov. Sex is not the most important thing. It’s not because of sex I liked it there. You understood nothing then and do not now.”
Elena again held my hand and tried to look into my eyes. This time, however, I wished I were a little further away from her.
“Don’t shy away. I won’t bite you. So you enjoyed it there?”
“Sure.”
“And sex with the Taminsky girl was not interesting?”
“That was not a big deal; Natasha wanted to.”
“You, you little fool,” Elena squeezed my hand, her fingers seemed to be able to squeeze to pain and caress, “A fool! Not a big deal for you because you were silly. You’ve had no sex with Taminsky, only thought you had because you were children.”
“You’re lying, lying to me! Natasha said we had sex! Natasha knew everything – everything!”
“Do you want me to prove that she knew nothing?”
“Your proof is not needed! Natasha made mistakes only in maths when she became bored.”
“Good,” Elena said that seriously, while she put her finger to my lips for silence. “Good for you. If sex is not an important thing, but not too awful either. Would you try it with me?”
I looked at Elena. I could picture her with no clothes: without a T-shirt and a skirt. Well, yes, I wanted to hug her.
“Why do you need this with me?”
Elena laughed for the third time that day. Again, a weeping echoed in her laugh and I wanted to calm her down.
“For me?” She did not laugh anymore, “Let us try, maybe we will both like it. This will be my present. I wanted to make it for your birthday but miscalculated by two days – so let it be in advance. Now you cannot refuse! Please Alec, undress as you did daily after school at the Taminsky home.
And Elena helped me take off the shirt. From the touch of her hands and lips, I closed my eyes.

* * *

I lay with my eyes closed, knowing that my life was over, because I spent almost 16 years doing everything wrong, not understanding anything and not learning. It was sad. If only I knew then Natasha and I could have real sex and we’d be happy, and she would have forgot about the fish that Sokolov killed. We would not have cut off his fingers and she would be still in Nizhny. Now it was too late. It was clear: I had missed my only chance in life and as a result that life came to an end. 
Elena was right in everything concerning me, the Taminskys and the universe. I was glad that she did not tell me to go away, even though my life was over and I was worthless. It turned out that Elena understood not only that my life was finished, but she also understood how I suffered from it. She wiped away my tears with her soft hand and calmed me down as only my Granny could. She reassured me even better. She helped me again to do what Sasha Sokolovsky failed. Then we talked, I do not remember what about, and then she turned again to the Taminskys.
“Why don’t you ask about them? I know you want to.”
“Can you tell me anything?”
“Don’t know, try me and you will see.”
I was not keen to talk with Elena about Natasha. It seemed she would not tell the truth, and lies were not needed, especially then and especially from her. So I decided, as my Grandmother once advised, to use a stratagem.
“Do you know where they are now? Mr and Mrs Taminsky?”
“I know where they were last year so I guess they’re still there.”
“And where were they?”
“France. They have a huge house with pools where you can swim as you like. A garden with loads of trees. Arthur is the most important judge in the region. Do you want to ask about her?”
“How did you find out about the house? Did Mrs Taminsky send you a letter?”
“You idiot, I am the last one to whom she would write! She never wrote to me in my life. Arthur invited me and I stayed there for four months!”
“You’ve been to Paris?”
My opinion of Elena was rising higher and higher. She ascended to an insurmountable pedestal. I even felt that I should hang an icon with her face in a gold frame in that room at which I would look embracing the real Elena, who had been to Paris.
“Paris, yeah, then Nice. Arthur now lives there and soon Nice will be their capital city.”
“Why didn’t you stay there?”
“Because! Because I wanted to see you because I missed you!”
I was lying on my back. The ceiling was cracked as in my Grandmother’s bedroom, and plaster threatened to fall down on our heads. Only there was no God in the corner.
“You did not miss anyone, you just didn’t like it there.”
“Okay, I did not like it at all! Because that bitch doesn’t wants me to be with them! She thinks badly of me because Arthur loves me!”
I did not quite catch what she was saying, but from her tone guessed it was better not to continue with the subject. Elena sounded not as kind as a few minutes earlier. To reassure her, I said it was good that Mr Taminsky loved her and that everyone loved her, and Natasha too liked her very much.
“He did,” Elena looked at the cracked ceiling, “he took me to his place when I was 15.”
I remembered Elena, who opened the door to the apartment on the Volga Embankment – a tall, beautiful and quiet girl in a dress that I took for a school uniform. I remembered Elena bringing in a cart with juices and sandwiches and serving food for dinner, and I recalled the pleased face of Mr Taminsky when he looked at her. 
“Sure, you also love Mr Taminsky very much. He is so smart and easy going…”
I did not know what else to say, but she silenced me.
“I love you!” Elena embraced me with her arms, legs and with something else than only she had and knew how to embrace with. “Loved! Not anymore. Only you! You can’t even imagine how I will love you.”

* * *

My new life began when I looked at the ceiling in Elena’s room and thought, I am no more. Sasha Sokolovsky has gone. A different person is here, although with the same name and appearance. No one in school or at home noticed this different version of me. They all thought nothing had happened and I remained the same as before. This feeling continued for some time, maybe a week or a whole month, then it melted away or I just got used to my new self and forgot the former Sasha Sokolovsky.
In her tiny flat, there was no room for anything. “For your exercises you’d better go outside,” she said, and then added, “Or you’re welcome to exercise in bed if you like.” It was in bed when learning her full name, Elena Forelle, that I laughed as I pictured a fish in my mind.
“You are a trout! You are a fish they catch and cook!”
“And you are an idiot! Would you prefer me to be Fisher or Salmon?”
I thought for a moment. No, I would not prefer that! I did not want Elena Salmon, Pike or any other fish, only Elena Forelle – my little trout. And I told her so. That’s how my first declaration of love sounded. I am thinking now what I would tell Natasha in the same situation, if we were together, at 16. But ‘ifs’ exist only in speech, they are absent from nature. Sveta’s mother once told us (I don’t remember on what occasion, but that was nothing to do with love) that if only plants would grow in pants. Plants do not grow in pants, even though there is a good rhyme for that. Well, a 16-year-old Natasha was not around, but Elena Forelle was there.
She lived close to my place. Going from school I walked along Oshara Lane and then, instead of going home through the park, turned right to her old two-story house. It was wooden with the basement build of red brick, which is probably why the house survived for more than 100 years, even though it became topsy-turvy. I groped my way through the never-lit porch and hallway, found the stairs to the first floor and climbed them. There was no bell, no need to knock on the door, because Elena opened it answering to the creaking of the steps. Sometimes we met after classes, or not waiting for their end, had coffee with éclairs in the Brigantine café. She made me eat a sandwich and then we ran home.
Often I wondered how things would be if my Granny were still alive. Would I tell her about Elena? Would Elena agree to sit at the kitchen table and eat mashed potatoes with cutlets? Would she like Grandma’s cooking and especially her floating island dessert? When I asked Elena she said she didn’t like food at all. Indeed, I never saw her eating properly – only coffee with cakes, only buns with poppy seeds. I still had no doubt that she would have liked Grandma’s cutlets. Elena only laughed at these suggestions. She found the question of my Grandma’s cutlets funny. As I already said, when laughing she sounded like she was crying so I tried not to provoke that. 
I did not intend to introduce Elena to my parents – I could not imagine her at the table with Mum and Dad. Mum would be nervous and may spill the soup, Dad would go to the kitchen to bring a rag and not come back; Elena would laugh, and I would not know what to do and definitely lose my appetite. Elena never spoke about her relatives.

* * *

“My son Alexander,” proclaimed Father Iosaf, “the Lord our God is nothing but the law – the Formula that unites all other formulas, the law that incorporates all laws. In your educational institution they tell you, or they should, that human knowledge strives for greater and greater completeness, never reaching it. However, the incomprehensible wholeness is here around us! It is not an artifice, not a fairy tale or indeed a fantasy. My son, inside you there is a universal totality. You yourself is a fullness, and, therefore, any suspicions of deception or fabrication should be abandoned. There are chemical and biological laws and the laws of physics underlying them. Is it not obvious that everything in the visible and invisible world obeys the law? You can call it the Universal Law or the Law of Everything if you and your mentors prefer. Only the term ‘God’ is shorter and a patent for it has already been issued!” 
I was glad to renew my acquaintance with Father Iosaf whom I had met at the Taminsky house. Even then he struck me with his remarkable vital energy. This energy did not burst out but flowed in a steady and constant stream. He was able to eat (he recognised only the term ‘dine’), drink and speak simultaneously and non-stop. He spoke in a quiet and unobtrusive voice, still completely subjugating the listener. Only Elena could continue to hug and kiss me during his discourses. He was neither skinny nor fat, neither young nor old, but almost as if he were deprived of age. There was a grey beard and grey combed-back hair and he had a sensuous mouth half-hidden by a lush moustache. 
Father Iosaf lived in a suburban village called Royka. His spouse Mother Evdokia was no longer with him, having been ‘called to a better world.’ To reach his place, one had to go first to the Sherbinky district and fight there for a place on a tiny bus of route number 53, a favourite line of the inhabitants of a Roma village located halfway to Royka.
He turned up on Friday at about six in the evening. Elena and I were in bed in our birthday suits and did not hear the sound of his steps or the creak of the stairs, but she heard a knock on the door. She wrapped herself in a sheet and met the unexpected visitor. An agreeable aroma filled the room. Father Iosaf acknowledged me as the long-missed “my son, Alexander,” and blessed us with the sign of the cross. After the blessing, he hugged and kissed Elena while she managed not to drop the sheet.
“Commended be your sweet mouth, my daughter Elena, breasts, loins and other parts of your body. Blessed you are, my son Alexander. Blessed be your happiness my children. It is a joy to behold you without vestments and to see your renewed beings – no longer innocent, but not guilty. Blessed be your natural intercourses, not clouded by mercenary and ungodly thoughts.”
After such a greeting, Father Iosaf embraced and kissed Elena again, sat down on the bed and turned away facing the wall to let us put on our clothes. I pulled on my jeans, a T-shirt and stuck my underpants in my pocket.

* * *

“Defrocked. He’s defrocked,” said Elena when we were alone. I already knew what it meant – they sacked Father Iosaf from his job in the Orthodox Church for some wrongdoing and as a result he could not get another job in any department of their organisation. A real ordeal for a person who was used to dining and drinking well and talking a lot before audiences. I asked Elena where Iosaf now works. Maybe in another part of the church? Maybe with Protestants or Catholics? Not much of a difference as far as they pay a salary. Instead of answering Elena shrugged and said that she would not bother with a bloody thing. Probably she did not know herself and was not interested or did not want to say too much. It never occurred to me to ask how Elena occupied herself. She did not do any work, nobody visited her and she never ventured outside in the evenings. At home she did not read or listen to the radio and there was no TV. I did not care about any of this. For me she was Elena who had no life other than ours. She herself mentioned no other life except with the Taminskys, which I did not like her to talk about because she ended up laughing.
Dismissed from his church, Father Iosaf did not endure hardship. Only now he lived in the middle of nowhere. I began seeing him. Without realising it, I longed for the talks I had with my Grandmother. I heeded his instructions and, as it seemed to me, fully understood and accepted everything he told me. Sadly, those conversations left me with a feeling that I was not getting the main thing, which my Granny showed me on the day we ate cutlets together. My attitude towards God became rather indifferent. I realised that my granny’s God had died with her, and the other one – even if he loved me and ruled the entire world – was interesting insofar as… well, as a president of the country where I then lived. After a month or two, my visits to Royka waned, particularly as Elena refused to go there due to the crappy memories associated with the place.

* * *

That year I decided not to become either a mathematician or physicist. I liked physics, but facing a complicated problem I floundered and had to turn to Bogdanov or my aunt Lara for help. I was ashamed to ask Mike too often and used him only in critical circumstances. Aunt Lara helped a lot, tutoring me at nights as all days and evenings I was with Elena. As a result of such strains, I cooled off towards physics although I did begin to get good grades. It was not that physics had ceased to interest me, just that a career as a physicist had lost its appeal.
“Write Newton’s Law on my stomach,” said Elena.
“Which one?” 
“Well, any – I don’t care. Write the attraction formula.”
“Do you mean the law of Universal Gravitation?” I aimed a pen at her rounded belly.
“Or the formula of relativity.”
“It’s not Newton’s at all!”
“Write anything you want! Just be careful – you must be gentle with my tummy.”

* * *

When Elena gave birth to a girl, I deserted physics, turned to literature and began writing poetry. I composed 14 sonnets dedicated to Elena, to my love and one to our daughter. Literature turned out to be my calling. One thing kept worrying me – my poor spelling. There was an urgent need to get expert advice and Elena sent me to Father Iosaf.
He shook his head. Father Iosaf knew how to shake his head like no one else. His head shakings were just awesome. That time he did it so that his attitude to my new career became obvious.
“Why not literature?”
“They will not teach you to be a writer or a poet! Besides, our Lord has enough literature experts. It would be hard to find a decent job.”
“How do you know they won’t teach me?”
“The knowledge is from heaven, from my Lord,” said Father Iosaf and added, “However, your doubts about a future career are serious and require due attention. Commence, my son, your higher education at the Biological Department. You are intelligent, although not gifted with mathematical talents. Therefore, the best path for you is to study Darwin’s theory, the laws of heredity and then progress as a genetic engineer. You will become a respected person – a scientist and professor with a decent salary. Then, with God’s blessing write as many poems and novels as you like. You are a capable young man, my son, and I hope you’ve passed your genes on to Paulina.”
Father Iosaf baptised our daughter. Elena did not want to even contemplate any other alternative. The child was christened Paulina. As there was no cassock he tied Elena’s apron around his neck, poured a handful of water from a teapot (to be sure there were no pathogenic microbes), sprinkled this on the child, kissed Elena and me and said, “Well, that’s all for now! God’s formalities, like human ones, should be dealt with promptly.” After the sprinkling, Paulina stopped crying and, as Elena later said (I did not notice this), smiled joyfully.
To celebrate the christening, we, siting on our bed, drank tea and some Georgian wine bought by Elena. Father Iosaf sighed, blessed our poverty and wished that heaven sent us at least one bottle of real French brandy.
With the christening completed, Father Iosaf asked me for a word. We went outside. It was not cold, but the night was frosty and beautiful. I felt the urge to write a brilliant ode dedicated to Elena and Paulina – a poem celebrating the frost-dressed night and sacraments of the rite. However, the presence of Mr Yakhontov did not allow me to concentrate. Without a word we reached Kulibin Park. Then Father Iosaf voiced his discontent.
“Stop hovering in the clouds, my son! Composing poems in front of elders is indecent and vulgar. Let us go to Otkos, Alexander.”
“I will not!”
“You won’t see the Volga: it is covered with ice and snow.”
“No, I won’t go there – I decided.”
“So you never set your foot on the embankment?”
“No.”
“Well, well, I also treasure those memories and bear the sadness in my heart. Oh, what dinners, what wine!”
“For you it was not the same! For me it was a different matter!”
“Each of us may say that. Everyone can declare, ‘For you it was not the same.’ Everyone lives in his own world, Alexander. There are no common worlds in the universe.”
We headed to the Volga but I was not going to approach the river.
“I will go with you till Minin Square but no further.”
“Sure, do not go any further, my son. I am not challenging your pledges. Maybe your stubbornness is pleasing to the Almighty. You are right – things were not the same for you and me. You were a child, my son, and had nothing else to do but to grow up. So you matured a little with the help of that young lady, which was perhaps a good thing.”
It was impossible not to agree. Yes, I was a sucker and therefore missed everything. I lost my happiness. Father Iosaf cleared his throat to detract me from these thoughts and make me listen.
“Heed what is said, my son. I will be brief. You know that I am not a bureaucrat or a moralist, but I think you and Elena have to be married.”
I stopped, rooted to the spot. Thoughts in my head spun like a flurry of snowflakes above. I did not know what to say, moreover what to do. Father Iosaf turned to me. He stood without a hat, a white blanket covering his head.
“The marriage must take place so that Paulina will have legitimate parents. That is God’s will. What’s the matter? You do love each other! Any objections? Speak, my son, speak now!”
“Natasha Taminsky…”
“Yeah, Natasha.” His quiet voice became almost menacing, “Not a trace of her left!”
“I promised to marry her and she made the same commitment.”
“You promised when? Five years ago? When does she intend to return, to appear before you, so you can fulfil the obligation? God alone knows… and indeed whether she will show up at all!”
Father Iosaf shook his head, threw off the snow and turned his face to the sky.
“Only God knows! However, since God knows – and because I am God’s representative – I insist you and Elena join in an alliance, which will be valid until Natasha Taminsky return and require you to fulfil the promise you made! I undertake to join you with a pro tempore marriage!”
“Is such a thing possible, Father? Is it possible to marry temporarily?”
“Not only possible, but honourable! Open your eyes my son and see how many of God’s servants converge in unions, only to part in a short time! Your marriage will be conditional from the very beginning and the Lord will bless it! As I said the other day, our Lord is the law, which in its completeness is unfathomable by mortals. However, on the path to comprehending its ramifications we should put forward hypotheses and not be afraid to experiment. Therefore, your temporary marriage will be nothing less than a sacred experiment.”
“And Elena, will she agree?”
“My son, Elena will be happy with you, just as you will be with her! You need no longer see me off Alexander. Return to the house of your betrothed and pass on the good news.”

* * *

With the blessing of Father Iosaf I said nothing to my parents about the upcoming event.
“God gave them dreams of innocent babies and it’s not your duty to break these. When the time comes you will tell them and repent, but for now there is no good in them intervening in your happiness.” 
Thus, my Mum and Dad remained with their dreams and I acquired a load of problems. First, I needed a new suit. Elena did not want even to hear of me marrying in a school jacket or jeans, and not for anything in the world in my favourite grey sweater knitted by Granny. Neither Elena nor I had the money to buy a wedding outfit. After a bit of head scratching, I turned to Father Iosaf. He shook his head, gave me a careful look and promised to help: “It is not an easy task for a priest rejected by the church to attire a young man for a wedding ceremony but, with God’s help, I will do it Alexander. Expect me tomorrow after school in your quarters.”
The next day, Father Iosaf did not invite me to go shopping as we expected. We did not go anywhere at all. Instead, he came with his friend Mr Rayner. To take measurements it was necessary to clear a place: I had to put a table and a chair on the bed and Elena took Paulina out in the perambulator. Two days later there was a fitting, this time without Farther Iosaf. Mr Rayner arranged loosely fastened pieces of cloth on me and walked around his construction for a long time, making notes on the fabric with chalk and sticking in pins that he held in his mouth. After another three days he brought the finished suit and a pair of black patent leather shoes. He set them on the table and laid out the suit on our bed. It was dark grey with subtle blue and burgundy streaks.
“Everything is according to your beautiful figure, young man,” he said, smoothing the jacket and trousers with his large wrinkled hands.
A fitting followed. I was amazed at how well the loose pieces of cloth came together having been sewn by Mr Rayner. We were all happy. Elena took out the prepared money. It was all hers, absolutely and completely everything she had. Mr Rayner waved his hands desperately, choking with indignation. I was glad that at that moment he did not have pins in his mouth.
“Take away your coins! Mr Yakhontov asked me to help! Take it away girl, your money will come in handy for your baby. You’d better see what good fabric it is made from. I’ll have you know that this is real English wool!”
Mr Rayner left, having drunk two cups of tea with a piece of cake. We tried on the suit again. The wedding dress Elena undertook to sew herself. She reckoned she could do it and, besides, it was supposed to be fun. A sewing machine appeared in the house, so coming from school and finding Elena buried under mountains of white stuff I went for long walks with Paulina.
We discussed a few more major problems in the presence of Father Iosaf. The point of contention was the choice of witnesses and that the number of those to be invited was limited.
“Mike and Sveta Yurina?”
“Very good,” Elena agreed, “I won’t have anyone – no witnesses.”
“Why?”
“Because that’s it – no one’s handy.”
By that time, being involved in the wedding game I could not imagine how to proceed without representatives from the bride. I felt discouraged and upset by Elena’s unwillingness to come up with someone. However, there was no way to persuade her. There would be no one and that was it! Father Iosaf kept silent and frowned. A suspicion arose in my mind that they knew something, as my Granny used to say, not intended for my ears. Father Iosaf put forward a compromise solution.
“I will ask Father Gavril Kulik. He saw you once and will do me this favour.”
Elena was also bent on marrying in the Orthodox Church and demanded that Father Iosaf perform the ceremony. Two incompatible ambitions. She could not miss this, but she came close to Mr Yakhontov, bowed her head and said, “I want this. No other cleric will do!” After shaking his head in utter disapproval, he agreed. 
“There are no inextricable problems. With God’s help and with someone else’s we will manage. Gavril should help us with this too. This servant of God will go far unless stopped.”
“You think they may defrock him like you?” I asked our supporter untactfully.
“Well, not that,” Father Iosaf grinned and touched his moustache, “he knows how to negotiate with superiors.”
Father Iosaf did not fall short of our expectations. He was also right regarding the abilities of Father Gavril. This worthy minister of the Church secured the Vysokovsky Cathedral. The church was booked for the dark hours (on the night from Sunday to Monday), when legal servants and their flocks would sleep and dream righteous dreams. Father Gavril also promised to attend as a representative of the bride.
“Everything will go like clockwork,” Father Iosaf assured us, “and I will have someone to drink to the health and happiness of the newlyweds after the rite.”

* * *

There was one more pre-wedding business to take care of: prepare Mike for his role. We decided not to invite Sveta, as we were to go to the church late at night. On Thursday after physics, which was the penultimate lesson, I told Mike that I now had a real girlfriend. My best pal’s eyes lit up and he said, “Great.” We agreed to meet after school and discuss everything.
After classes, we settled on a bench in Kulibin Park and smoked. It was a sunny and warm February day but a hard crust covered the snow on the lawns and footpaths. I had not smoked for years. The first cigarette was a real pleasure: I became dizzy and I felt I was floating in another world. Having taken the last puff and dropping the butt, without looking at Mike I mentioned, “Our daughter Paulina is three months old.”
It was a shock – he swallowed his fag. Luckily, he did not swallow it completely, but the coughing and spitting took some minutes to end. When recovered, he peered at my face as if he saw an alien. I thought, Well, at last you’ve recognised a new person whom I’m already used to. Sure, he was trying to imagine himself in my shoes and that was not going well. After a while, Mike spoke.
“And how will you live? Do your parents know?”
“I am okay and Elena is definitely okay,” I tried to sound as confident as possible.
Then, after many preparatory words so he would not choke again or swallow his tongue, I asked him to be a witness at my wedding. After the words about the forthcoming event and its venue, I realised someone embraced me from behind. I had not had time to guess who it was because the voice of Sveta Yurina said, “Sasha, congratulations! I am so glad for you, Paulina and Elena! May I come to your wedding too? Please be a friend? This is cool! I knew when I saw your face – I understood that something very important is happening but I would never had thought it was this important! Sasha, please?”
I untangled myself from her hands and transferred them on to Mike, but she still continued to keep touching me and talking nonstop.
“I’m so happy! So glad! Your Elena’s so wonderful!”
“Like you know her?”
“But yes, I saw you together in the Brigantine café when you had coffee, and then in a park with the little one. Such a cute girl and she looks just like you! So may I come too?”
“It’s too late and far away. The Vysokovsky Cathedral. I’m afraid it won’t be right. I thought of asking you if only during the normal time.”
Both her hands moved to Mike’s shoulders and neck and drove his thoughts in the required direction. Soon, he mumbled, “I’ll make sure. Everything will be okay – we both want…”
Thus, the problem of witnesses and guests was resolved. We just had to wait for Sunday night.

* * *

On the big day the snow started to melt. Fathers Gavril and Iosaf were leading our group and they lit the road with torches. On both sides of the path towered black trunks of trees, behind them mountains of snow, under the feet snow mixed with pebbles and the shiny surface of puddles. Paulina shifted in Elena’s arms. Mike and Sveta trod behind in silence; only once I heard Mike swear after stepping into deep water.
Suddenly we found ourselves in front of a black door rising up into the dark sky. Mike bumped into my back. I took another step forward and found myself face to face with Father Iosaf. The key rattled and the door opened with a low creaking noise. Ahead, an immense dark expanse was exposed from where, as it seemed to me, blew a profound chill.
“Just one lamp, Iosaf,” said Father Gavril, “I promised not to draw attention to the temple.”
We met Father Gavril at the very beginning of our journey to the church. We waited for him in the agreed spot, on the corner of a street that was unknown to me. A car pulled up silently, he got out and the car drove off just as quietly. I did not even hear the door slam shut. Throughout the following journey, Father Gavril remained a shadow of just below average height with a pleasant baritone. We made it inside the building. Father Iosaf lit a lamp, and swaying from side to side it surged forward. The prolonged creak of closing doors from inside the building sounded louder and lower than before. We stood in the shadows. I listened to Paulina sniffing and breathing. The lamp floated somewhere far away. Time stopped flowing. It was impossible to say how long we had been in the church – 10 minutes, an hour or 10 hours. The priest’s voice was not loud but it resounded from all sides.
“Approach the altar Alexander.”
Trying not to collide with lurking obstacles, I moved toward the light. When I reached it and stopped opposite Father Iosaf, I could only distinguish a wooden pulpit and a dark floor. Somewhere, whether far away or very close by, Paulina started crying quietly and pitifully. Father Iosaf was clad in a long vestment that almost reached the floor. 
Then Father Gavril brought Elena to us. The priest continued, “God’s servant Alexander is betrothed to God’s servant Elena in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit until death or the need to fulfil the promise given by the servant of God Alexander will tear them apart. Amen.” Elena put a ring on my finger. I had nothing to give her as I forgot about the rings. “Amen.” Farther Iosaf sighed and shook his head. “Well, that’s it. You are now legitimate husband and wife.”
“What about a kiss?” asked Sveta Yurina from the darkness. “Don’t they kiss in church?”
Her question and proposal remained unanswered. Paulina cried again, this time I thought her crying was just like singing of a soloist in a choir, although I had never heard church singing.
Father Iosaf turned off the lamp and turned on a torch. Another one immediately appeared. The two lights swayed in the dark, their beams snatched from the shadows parts of walls, pieces of furniture and faces on the icons.
“It’s time to leave. Gavril?”
“Wait Iosaf, I prepared something for you and me to mark the event. And so that everything is fine with them.”
The beam darted to the side and focused on the wall many miles away from us. The second one followed. There was gurgling of a liquid, the sound of touching glasses, sighs. Sveta muttered something, rocking Paulina. What would we do? How would we manage the wedding without her? I found Elena’s hand in the dark and began to search for her lips.

* * *

Soon my life in Nizhny and Russia ended. This happened in the summer of the same year when I had already graduated from school and was preparing for the university entrance exams. I continued, as it had already become habit, to lead a double life, deceiving Mum and Dad and playing an adult man in front of Elena and our daughter. I spent three nights a week at Elena’s place and four at my parents’ house. No explanation was required: in one place because I was old enough to spend nights wherever wanted, in another because I was still a little boy who was supposed to sleep in his bed at least sometimes.
Elena never liked to leave home. If she left our enclosure at all, then it was only to walk with Paulina or buy groceries from the nearest store. She went to the park only when it was full of people. Still, on one July day I persuaded her to visit Father Iosaf in Royka. Not that I wanted to go there, the village was not enticing – dusty streets and the surrounding forest littered with garbage and discarded car parts. I was just sick of the park and our tiny 10 by 10-foot room.
When we got to Father Iosaf’s place and drank two cups of tea with honey, I nudged Elena to go for a walk. The task was almost hopeless – my wife did not want to stick her nose out of the apartment for any of the world’s treasures. Then the sister of the former priest who stayed with him interfered.
“They say mushrooms appeared in the forest. Go for a run, maybe you’ll find some for dinner. I’ll look after the child.”
So we found ourselves on a dusty road leading to an abandoned railway station, past which only endless freight trains rumbled at nights that made it difficult for the residents of the village to sleep. The air was dusty and hot, bumblebees buzzed around. Elena held my hand and nervously looked at the surroundings. Her fear of a forest, field and of any uninhabited space was familiar to me. I regretted taking her out of town, dragging her on a walk into this unpleasant grove and I was ready to turn back as soon as she asked, but she kept silent and only looked anxious.
We were approaching the old station. Ahead between the trunks of birches the peeling plaster of a one-story building emerged. A platform became visible, on which bright green tufts of grass bulged in the shattered concrete. Somebody called out. Now I am not at all sure they called me – I do not recollect anybody saying my name, I don’t even know if it was a male or female voice. I do remember that I released my hand from Elena’s and turned around. I struggle to imagine what Elena was feeling at that moment. There was nothing else.

* * *

When I regained consciousness I felt disgusting – not in pain or scared, just disgusting. Everything around me was muddy. I did not understand where I was, what happened to me, perhaps even who I was. Whitish shadows swayed before me, a grey spot flashed nearby and sounds of voices floated in space.
One voice, without saying a word, produced mouth smacks, the other sang an aria in an unknown language and a loud wheezing filled the background. Then came a voice that I understood.
“Why hasn’t Sasha told us he has a wife and child?”
Someone had to explain this but no one did. I felt sick and heard nothing more.
Later, after many hours, another voice said, “The patient is awakening, things will get better.” After that I disconnected once again. When I woke up the next time the shadows and obscure sounds had disappeared. I was in a hospital bed in a box room and my parents were sitting next to me. Mother smeared away tears with her hand, father smiled. I lay there and was glad they asked nothing. I had no strength to think and talk.
Father Iosaf appeared at my bedside. My parents left to have a meal and no one else was in the room.
“I would like to see you in the absence of your mother and father, Alexander,” he said, closing the door behind him.
He sat down and nodded his head. His nods this time meant: ‘I don’t know how to start; I don’t know what I have to tell you, my son, and what better not to tell.’
“Where is Elena? Is she all right?”
Father Iosaf moved his chair closer to the bed and tried, as my parents did, to take hold of my hand. I clasped my fingers on top of the sheet. I just needed to know everything as it was.
“I don’t know, Sasha. They found you on a path, close to a railway near the old station. Elena was not there. That is all I know. Honestly.”
“So she’s alive?”
“Could be. Probably not. You were lucky Alexander, given that they were professionals. Now you will get better. Yes, everything is fine with your daughter. She is now with my sister Maria. That is safer. You have nothing to worry about – she will look after Paulina. I explained everything to your mother.”
“But why? Why did they take her away?”
Instead of answering, Father Iosaf pulled an envelope from the pocket of his cotton jacket. On it my name was scrawled in Elena’s uneven childlike handwriting. It was twice underlined. Father Iosaf opened the envelope and brought a sheet of paper with the same handwriting to my eyes, ‘If an accident should happen to me. On any occasion! Please do as Iosaf says. Kisses. Yours forever. Elena.’
Father Iosaf nodded his head again. This time his nodding meant that he knew how I should continue. Tears flowed by themselves. Without looking at me Father Iosaf held out a handkerchief.
“You should leave Nizhny Novgorod and perhaps this country. I will explain everything to your parents. You’ve survived by chance. There will be no luck next time.”
“But I did nothing wrong! I will find Elena!”
“You think you’ve done nothing, but someone thinks differently. The worst thing you can do now is to look for her.”
Father Iosaf nodded his head again to let me digest his words. Then he took the handkerchief back.
“If it were possible to find Elena I would search the whole of Russia with you. Father Gavril had to put a guard at your chamber. Read the letter again. We will arrange the departure as soon as you are back on your feet.”

* * *

Three days after leaving hospital I sat in Father Iosaf’s kitchen. It was a hot August afternoon. He put scrambled eggs and tea in front of me, then poured a snifter of brandy for himself, swallowed it in one gulp and wiped his mouth with a napkin.
“Good, but not as good as it used to be! Ah, Alexander, how we sat at the Taminsky’s table – what food, what wine! On account of your pranks, Arthur had to get out of here. And he loved Nizhny.”
Father Iosaf drank Cognac and vodka from the same glass; he always tipped the contents into his throat and then wiped the lips – with a napkin after Cognac and with his sleeve or palm after vodka.
“Well Alexander, it’s time to say goodbye. Yes, I will miss you. But what can we do? We all walk under God. Here you have no future and your days are numbered. Therefore, first you will go the capital city of Moscow and call my friend Friar Nikolai. He will meet you, arrange a ticket, provide you with their unclean money so you do not starve, take you to the airport terminal and put you on an airplane. On arrival over there, you will apply for political asylum as is customary with them. Thank God, since we are still damned humanists here, so this should not be difficult. They will give you refugee status. You will live in Paris, London or even Nice.”
I got up from the stool. I understood that I would have to hide, maybe even go to Africa or South America, but to Europe! It never crossed my mind.
“Father, do not send me there! I do not want to live amongst cannibals! I won’t go there!”
“Did they teach you this at school?”
“Isn’t it true that people are chopped up into burgers there?”
“Yes, my son, they do this and eat each other like sausages. That is the truth. Two or three percent per year are the chances that a person would be sent to the Equality Farm, where – God forgive us – this thing happens. However, there it is only a probability while here, I am afraid, there is no chance for you to survive. Oh, Elena, Elena, why hadn’t you asked me before seducing this boy!”
“Father, I’d better go to Africa or Tasmania. Please send me there.”
“We cannot send you to Tasmania and you won’t survive in Africa. Remember Alexander, in Europe as a political refugee from Russia you will be excused from the meat lottery for some time.”
“And after that?”
“What happens then I don’t know. God alone knows. You must live up to ‘after that’ and only ask then!” 
“I do not want to! I will hide somewhere – perhaps your place where I will wait for Elena. We don’t eat people here.”
Father Iosaf shook his head, filled his glass to the brim and gulped it down. He sat there, wiping his mouth with the already used napkin; he looked at me, then at the window, then at me again.
“We will become cannibals very soon Alexander. That’s for certain, and we’ll do it with gusto! We will eat humans in this country too. We always follow the European model. The only necessary excuse for the Russians to do this is to convince ourselves that it was our own original idea, that it was they who borrowed the eating of humans from our Slavic culture, that in fact we were the first to come up with the equality of all the bugs. Do you remember Gavril? He is ready to eat people now, cutting them to pieces and putting them in his mouth!”
“Our Father Gavril?”
“Well, yes. Ours – well, my – dear friend who booked the church for your wedding. Oh, thy wonderful deeds, my Lord! He, Gavril, told me the other day sitting at this very table that you cannot love people without tasting them. He said that our church needs a strong leader who will prove that we Russians are the biggest brothers to all living things. Bigger than the Europeans.”
Father Iosaf shook his head again with sadness and extended his hand to the bottle, but he did not have a chance to pour another drink – a continuous ding-dong of the doorbell filled the apartment and then came a frenzied knocking. Shouting, “He will break the door,” Father Iosaf rushed into the corridor. A thunderous voice covered his further words, and a gigantic shadow with a gun in hand filled the entrance to the kitchen. I realised that there it was, the coming of my last hour. I froze, pressing myself against the wall and raising a stool to my chest. The legs of the stool trembled before my eyes. Father Iosaf squeezed himself from under the intruder’s hand and stood up between the monster and me.
“What are you doing, Ioann! Scared the boy! A hero! And I called on you to protect him!” Father Iosaf turned to me, “Sasha, this is Ioann Karpov, the bell ringer of the Vysokovsky Cathedral who will take you to Moscow. He has a prominent physicality and excellent reaction times. He is also the best shot I know.” 
“No one will stop us,” thundered the bell-ringer.
Father Iosaf released the stool from my hands and kissed me on both cheeks.
“Well, time to go! God will help you and I will inform your parents when they return that you got a place in the Sorbonne, and it was necessary to fill it quickly. God should forgive me, and indeed that will be almost true. Yes, Sasha, I forgot to tell you – I received some news the other day from Arthur. Natasha remembers you. Only get a degree before contemplating your next marriage. Remember what I advised you.”
“I remember Father. May I study biophysics?”
“Sure, Alexander. Still, I think a geneticist would be better career for you. Now off you go.”

* * *

It was five o’clock in the morning. Dawn was breaking. I pushed Sasha’s manuscript aside, rose from my chair and stretched out. I did 10 squats, 12 push-ups and then opened the windows. Cool air rushed into the room. Two-thirds of the manuscript were finished. Is it worth going on further? Is not it clear what would be next? Biological school (Sorbonne or another institution), meeting Natasha, renewed relations (somewhat surprising that children’s feelings continued into adulthood, but this happens), marriage, a child, election to the Farm. Would he bring his story this far? I could look at the end of the manuscript.
Yes, he graduated and worked in Colombina’s group. And he left his memoirs to her. Well, life taught him to judge people. I would do the same. If he had left this with Natasha… Sure, I would not have read it. Sasha, of course, did not think about me, but he could imagine someone akin. 
His last act (leaving his memoirs to Colombina) proves the authenticity of the manuscript and of the events described. Colombina would never take part in falsification. If it were a literary work, he would give it to his wife or Arthur. The best publishers print the works of the Chosen without delay. If, however, notes depicted real events involving the Taminsky family, then it was reasonable to hand them over to an outsider. 
The futility of the search for Elena was obvious to Father Iosaf. She might be an accessory to the mafia or the state, seeded to the Taminskys to spy on Arthur. He worked for a large business. A young and obliging maid placed close to such a man and he was happy. Elena later visited him in France. A mysterious girl, the chances of tracing her are negligible. Her daughter and Father Iosaf remain. The girl should be 14 or 15 by now. Where is she? I reckon the same part of the world as the priest, most likely beyond the Russian borders. Father Iosaf was a singular character. I could picture a talkative clergyman with grey hair helping two young people. Dr Bouni was coming to mind. No, the priest does not resemble Lev, but there are some features in his personality reminiscent of my friend.
So, Paulina. Paulina – our daughter of the missing Elena. Perhaps she was not Sasha’s daughter at all. No, that doesn’t work. Even if she had a baby coming, why mess with the boy? And her last letter. If only… if only she was the daughter of Iosaf Yakhontov himself. Father Iosaf could convince Elena to do whatever he wanted but what was the reason? What was the point? Maybe none. She did not need any persuasion – craved for Sasha from the days she spied on him and Natasha. The girl must be Sasha’s daughter and yet this was not at all apparent.
My thoughts became circular. The riddle was threatening to develop into an obsession. I knew that for now I could neither resolve nor drive it out of my mind. I was confused. A thought came that if I looked in the mirror I might catch there a glimpse of the never seen face of Alexander Sokolovsky. It was high time to do something, and I did it – at half-past five in the morning I walked to the kitchen and poured myself a brandy.

Chapter 8  The Palace of the Equality of Life
In the part of Nice where Avenue Jean Médecin heads north from Place Masséna, the Galeries Lafayette once stood. Orange walls of the famous store attracted tourists and adorned the capital of the Côte d’Azur. In winter at Christmas and the New Year holidays, the black and white tiled square turned into a fair with many pavilions, a coniferous forest and a skating rink. The Galeries Lafayette then retreated, still continuing to occupy an honourable place in the centre of Nice.
When European intellect confirmed that Côte d’Azur provides the optimal living conditions for most life forms and the capital moved from Brussels to Nice, the Galeries Lafayette had to disappear. In place of the store, which had been decorating the square for decades, the Palace of the Equality of Life emerged. The building intended to embody the power of life and equality of all biological forms, while preserving traditional elements of the regional development. Of all the projects, the European Commission chose the most worthy one. As a result, a 125-metre-high glass and concrete structure rose into the sky. Its roof, similar to buildings from the previous era, is adorned with traditional red tiles. You can admire it for just €85 on a special air tour: helicopters leave the City Port five times a day, and a 20 percent discount is available to students and all creatures of retirement age. I do not intend to pay for this pleasure; seeing the facade is enough, and it is visible from almost anywhere in Nice. They say they constructed the front of the building in such a way that when rays of the Sun fall on it at an angle of between 55 and 40 degrees, it reproduces the appearance and colour of the destroyed Galeries Lafayette. 
A security zone surrounding The Palace occupies most of the Place Masséna. This required the elimination of the adjacent quarters and a part of Avenue Jean Médecin. The measures are fully justified, as the Palace besides the European Parliament houses government offices, the Supreme Court and the residence of President of the European Union of Life.


* * *

Today is the main European holiday – the Day of Life – and this entails a special session of Parliament followed by a reception of foreign diplomats by the President of the European Union of Life, Creature Bouk. My country, the Humanitarian States, does not have an official representative in Europe; we do not even hold a full membership in the United Life Organization, but I had no doubt that I should attend their main reception.
Multi-ton concrete cubes, with a 20-feet-high steel fence behind them, blocked the entrance to the security zone. There was an open space where no living thing above the size of a bee could enter. 
Limousines carrying delegates from various countries pulled up; however, I was not alone at the pedestrian gates. Many Europeans, including members of Parliament, have long abandoned cars, therefore lots of guests lined up at a checkpoint. Sergeant Aaron Doll supervised the inspection. A tall, well-built, blond police officer was an ideal specimen for meeting guests on the day of a pan-European celebration. He greeted everyone with a broad smile and gave instructions to two subordinates involved in checks.
My turn came and Sergeant Doll’s face became impenetrable – he was on duty, he could not greet the Envoy of the Humanists, he was not even supposed to meet my eyes. Still, he had to identify, check and let the humanist into the main building of Europe. The sergeant threw slanting glances at me, painfully examined my medallion. When he decided the time allotted by the instruction was over he silently extended his hand to the scanning apparatus. I put the contents of my pockets into a tray prepared by another officer, stepped into a transparent chamber and raised up my hands. 
My safety at the Festival of Europe was certified. Sweat covered my head and chest. The law enforcer on the other side pointed to the medallion (without touching this powerful symbol of humanism) lying on the scanner’s ribbon and held out the tray with my belongings. I picked up the Envoy’s badge, put on my watch and stuck my money and personal items into my pockets. Last, I took the pistol from the tray, flicked the safety catch twice and tucked the weapon into a holster hidden under my jacket. All people-guests know that amongst invitees there might arrive dangerous, aggressive and even poisonous representatives of the fauna, therefore protective equipment for a vulnerable species is permissible. Forbidden items in The Palace includes all automatic weapons and certain types of ammunition, including high-explosive incendiary, armour-piercing and expanding (dumdum) bullets, as well as frag grenades.

* * *

It was my first visit to the grounds. I stopped near the entrance to the building between two motionless guards and looked around. The glass wall went up and high above it looked like it was merging with the sky. The time was approaching half-past six, the rays of the Sun fell just at the right angle but the outer shell of The Palace refused to mimic the colour envisaged by the designers, instead remaining grey and glassy. In different parts of it, however, now and then the Sun flickers were born.
I stayed at the top of the 100 marble steps leading up to the entrance. Three limousines of immense length rolled up and stopped at the foot of them. They all had a coat of arms of some friendly non-European power – four-colour flags (with white, magenta, scarlet and burgundy) carried an image of an exotic bird, three commas, a colon and several zigzags. 
A motley crowd of delegates poured from the cars. Not to look like an employee meeting them (which would demean the prestige of my country) I sat down and crossed my legs. Ahead of the delegates, two officers of the European Army of Life rushed towards me. They were clad in full ceremonial uniforms with white ribbons crossing chests and short blades on their hips. A plain thought imprinted itself on their shaven physiognomies – like two good genies, they ran to take the intruder by his arms and carry him out of the way of the distinguished guests. I greeted the warriors with my most amicable smile, which Dr Bouni calls ‘wacky.’ It reached their eyes and the corresponding brain centres, but in no way influenced their plan of action. I had to dip my hand in my pocket and expose the medallion of the Envoy of the Humanitarian States. There was no instrument at hand for measuring the momentum of their reaction, but I am ready to admit that the old man Einstein could be wrong and the speed he discovered was not the limit. Outstretched hands in white gloves stopped midway, their eyes ceased seeing me and emotionless faces shifted to the right and left, showing two shiny cheeks. The warriors of the Army of Life made U-turns (a non-trivial manoeuvre on marble steps) and their swords defined two arcs just under my nose. 
Sometimes it is not a bad thing to be a leper, especially if you are suffering from ideological leprosy, which protects against unwanted touches of healthy but violent individuals. The officers retreated and the multi-coloured delegation from an unknown nation was solemnly approaching. At that moment I felt like a king installed on the throne to receive overseas guests. Two steps below me, following the signs of the same guards who had turned into traffic marshals, the procession was breaking into two streams to pass me on both sides. Attires shimmered before my eyes and unusual exotic smells of a distant land tickled my nose. Sitting on the steps, I had no time to memorise the passers-by. My eyes caught feet and ankles in sandals walking towards me, stepping to the right, taking a dash to the left and disappearing behind. Something cool touched my head. It could have been a slender female hand, but equally a snake’s tail slid from under a dress or from a sleeve of a guest. Nothing prevented me from dreaming that a hand of a young woman from a distant and virgin land (of a woman who was still not enlightened in matters of the equality of life) succumbed to an impulse to touch the Envoy of the Humanists.
The procession ended, a void formed around me and the limousines that delivered the guests drove off. Representatives of the cloven-hoofed and equine-hoofed species were approaching the steps of The Palace. It was high time to get up and retreat.

* * *

The inside of the building overwhelmed me with its scenery. The same was happening to others. Invitees (both people and animals) looked around and did not know where to put their eyes. The sighting impressed a young bullock who froze in a crowd in the middle of the hall raising up for 10 floors. This bull-guest spread his legs and while turning his head from side to side made cheerful moos.
The semi-transparent facade and sidewalls of the hall had special properties. The outside world – the security zone and the old city – mutated on their inner surfaces into tapestries of subdued tones with stitches and scuffs. Scenes emerging on these glass paintings did not catch the details. Images of animals, plants and people blended with landscapes, which moved and changed their shape, overflowing each other. The orange-pink ball of the Sun rose from three sides, illuminating the expansive scenery. 
After admiring the miracle of European science engineering and design for a few minutes, I moved on. A staircase led up to the venues of the upcoming event. Invitees from various classes, orders and genera left unavoidable traces on its pink marble steps. They were marked with dung and other discharges – thin trickles of urine flowed from one step to another, producing tiny urine-falls and turning into puddles on lower surfaces. At that time there were no animals on the stairs. They moved between floors in special lifts. Where have these signs of life come from? I guessed they were of an artificial nature, as their absence could be perceived by thinking delegates as a relic of humanism.
Having overcome slippery and odorous obstacles I reached a function floor. Before me stretched a lounge with feeding appliances. There were tables, troughs and buckets serving various citizens of the European Union of Life, who walked, scurried, nosed about and flew overhead. The amount of refuse on the floor had increased, but there were employees involved in its removal.
One delegate was not vigilant. He accelerated (as if on skates) sliding across the floor, his lower limbs overtook the body and he flew up. Sandals separated from his feet and turned in the air. For a moment, his spread-out toes appeared. The snake wrapped around his neck strained, turning into a horizontal line with a stuck out forked tongue. Then came a smack of the body on the wet surface and at once caring staff surrounded the fallen.
Familiar faces flashed around. Arthur Taminsky walked clad in a formal suit adorned by several medals from extinct European States and two of the European Union of Life. Next to him moved Benjamin. Raising his chin to the ceiling and brushing off every step with his short hands, Professor Corsair flew by. None of them welcomed or acknowledged the Envoy. I grabbed a glass of white wine, a piece of cake and two éclairs and settled down at the nearest table. Around me formed a space devoid of representatives of my species. I drank the wine while kicking and pushing off intellectually deprived citizens, and contemplating the benefits and deficiencies of moral leprosy. The cake were better than excellent, the wine was all right. While taking last sips I received an energetic poke and heard a well-known voice.
“Don’t turn around. I see you are well self-entertained here.”
Colombina Pyrate violated etiquette, daring a chat with the Envoy. However, I suspected she stood with her back to me. Still, I was glad to be recognised and not hugged.
“You’ve read it? The boy worked in my laboratory. A talented biochemist.”
“Yeah, he did what the priest advised – went to university and became a biologist. Sasha Sokolovsky, a boy who followed the advice of his elders. A good friend and husband.” 
Examining my empty glass without looking back, I shared these considerations with Colombina.
“Keep going philosopher, have another snack. I have to sail away from your poisonous island. Come to the Institute, I’ll tell you about him and you’ll give me a synopsis of the manuscript. Your next ration is ready.”
Another poke under my ribs and her voice fell silent. When I turned around, Dr Pyrate was not there. Only a sea of unfamiliar human and inhuman faces. 

* * *

An official part of the celebration was about to start and so I followed the guiding signs. They were all bio-friendly: inscriptions and arrows directed people, sounds and smells for the individuals of other kind. Jets of path-indicating aromas were delivered through a ventilation system, and hidden in the walls, ceiling and underfloor speakers were constantly emitted sound signals. Not all these were accessible to human aural apparatus, but now and then they overwhelmed me with a novel and unexpected whiff or some chord forced me to turn my head. We must pay tribute to engineers who created this system, as most of the indicators were adapted not to cause fright and aggression. Yet, unfortunate incidents occurred – a young horse in front of me dashed aside, knocked down a sheep and stomped on a bull terrier.
Leaving the feeding floor, I once again came across Professor Corsair. This time he was not alone. Next to the scientist strolled a young man of above average height in a discreet grey suit. They were immersed in conversation and a distracted professor almost collided with a hog crossing his path, but his fast-reacting fellow redirected the professorial body. Out of curiosity I followed the pair. I could not hear what they were talking about, but suddenly the companion of the professor turned to me and raised his right hand. It lacked upper phalanges of the middle, index and ring fingers. They all were levelled with his little finger. I threw my wine glass in a trough surrounded by artiodactyl guests, leaned against a wall and examined my hand. All my fingers were longer than the little one.

* * *

Sasha Sokolov? What is he doing in Nice? An acquaintance of Professor Corsair? Questions, questions. Somebody should be able give the answer to at least one of them, possibly Colombina Pyrate! She is always up to date. Looking for the damn scientist, I circled the halls and corridors. I had the urge to know who he was, this customer speaking with Corsair. Colombina should head into the Main Hall, but there were a dozen entrances leading to it. I stood at the door, as it seemed to me, of the main entry and was prepared to wait. She may choose another one, in which case I would catch her after the event. The invited creatures flowed into the main hall of the Palace. Only foreign human guests and animals looked at me but I was not interested in anyone except Colombina Pyrate.
I got lucky – Dr Pyrate chose that same door but she would not stop. When she caught up with me I seized her hand and pulled her out of the flow of traffic. The scientist fought silently like a fish, but my second hand deprived her of hope for release. Anger blended with fear lit up Colombina’s face.
“Who is the character who enthusiastically talked to your professor?”
I expected a quick direct answer, but her brilliant logic failed her. She began to flutter violently.
“Fucking humanist! You hurt me. Don’t twist my hand!”
Dr Pyrate had lost her ability to think. She should have used a plural when asking me to release, since I held both her hands to avoid nail injuries. Just in case, I also pressed her legs against the doorframe.
“First the answer.”
No one was coming to her rescue, no one sought to deliver an eminent scientist from the hands of a humanist. However, many eyes were peering at her. A victim or an accomplice?
“Police Captain Faulkner! You should know him,” she made this pointless addition.
“Spell the name.”
“You’ll manage it yourself, I don’t know for sure.”
The last sentence showed complete surrender. I felt sorry for her ordeal and freed her arms and legs, but now Colombina was in no hurry to run away. I had to push the half-paralysed boffin back into the living stream. Sure, I knew the spelling. Both Faulkner and Sokolov name the same bird, only in different languages. I sauntered into the main hall of The Palace of the Equality of Life.

* * *

The hall is a gigantic space in the northern part of the building. At an altitude of 100 or 150 feet above sea level it occupies the 15th to 18th floors. A pleasant to the eyes glow illuminated the hall. You might call it sunny-green, dawn-tinted or even morning-starry. Long forgotten colour names, such as calamine and viridian, were also coming to mind. 
There were no chairs. The majority of the citizens do not need them; and, besides, such humanitarian objects are unacceptable in a civilised institution. The front part of the arena rose above the main space – there was a podium, microphones and a platform of the presidium with a corral separated by flashy handrails. This corral was the seat of the President of the European Union of Life.
Over 1000 guests had gathered in the hall and new arrivals continued to walk, crawl and fly in. The noise of human voices intermingled with mooing, bleating and other unidentifiable sounds. You would not find such an ensemble of life in any natural corner of the biosphere.
The Envoy of the Humanitarian States had no place in the Hall of Life, but I intended to win it from the legitimate owners – let them try to protest! Sure, I expected compliance only from humans; others were hardly prone to recognise my special status.
Pushing, kicking and avoiding the delegates, I made it to a site facing the Presidential Corral. Here resided the diplomatic corps, and my place was with them in this very part of the hall. Close-knit groups of Turkish, Russian and Chinese emissaries blocked my way. I singled out a diplomat with a grey beard and brought my medallion up to his eyes. After blinking several times, he mumbled something and the Turks parted, freeing my passage. Immediately two well-fed Russians rushed into it ahead of me. The hand with the medallion turned in a new direction. At the same time I smiled and uttered the key monosyllabic phrase from the language I had known since my childhood. One diplomat repeated my greeting, the other grinned; the position in front of the Presidential Corral became available and I sat on the floor between the two camps of the European-cum-Asian culture.
Unrecognisable music played. On the one hand it reminded me of Shostakovich, on the other Shakespeare for some reason. When the music stopped, numerous speakers made an announcement that silenced the hum of human voices.
“Dear Creatures, males and females, ladies and gentlemen, vertebrates and invertebrates! The President of the European Union of Life, Creature Bouk!”
High bureaucrats and politicians of the Continent flowed onto the stage from a passage behind the platform of the presidium. In front of them marched the President. Multi-coloured ribbons adorned his chest and medals clinked at his every step. Without outside help, he occupied the allotted seat and looked at me with thoughtless but still as it seemed to me expressive eyes. A pathetic feeling of the significance of the moment permeated my soul. A green bundle of grass was sticking out of the President’s mouth; he slowly chewed it and said, “Naa-naa.” Multiple speakers amplified his greeting. All the people, including the Envoy of Humanists, applauded the head of the Continent.

* * *

I sat on the floor eight feet from the Corral, inhaling a non-irritating goat’s smell, and felt the breeze of the Presidential breath on my face. President Bouk licked the handrails enclosing him and bleated. They turned the microphones in the Corral off and the Envoy was the only creature in the entire world hearkening to the President. A wave of warm animal feeling swept over me. The goat’s ‘Naa’ most comprehensively reflected the kinship and equality of all life forms on Earth. It expressed justice so necessary for all of us. What a wonderful evening! How well I have chosen my place! Right here right now I am the only ally of President Bouk. He bleats for me while his ministers and advisers make speeches from the platform, and his security officers stick out frozen on both sides of the Corral. The President raised his tail and leisurely broke wind. 
Seated next to the head of the European Union of Life, I was reflecting on the wisdom of random events. A fortunate occurrence made me the Envoy of the Humanitarian States in Europe. What would happen if they installed a radical humanist in my position? He could… he would do it… produce a gun and shoot the President. He would kill a kind, beautiful creature – the embodiment of fragrant justice! The President with a bullet in his head stretched out on the floor of the Hall of Life, his legs twitching in convulsions of death. Beautiful dark eyes closed, his jaw stopped moving and an unconsumed blade of grass dropped to the stage. Unprecedented senseless conflict would follow and inevitable military action. The fighting power of the European Union would hit our small island, Tasmania responding with a nuclear strike! However, this will not happen thanks to me because of my inconspicuous, unrecognised, but wise and priceless mission. I was happy – goodness permeated my whole being and was ready to splash out on the Russians and Turks surrounding me. I felt myself the main guarantor of peace and stability on planet Earth.

* * *

Meanwhile in the hall, events were following their course. Vice President Rev Rob Jansen, a short stout man with dark hair and a face cut from stone, delivered a speech. His discourse went on and on. It contained everything a politician should have in their arsenal: equality, justice, science and the welfare for all the inhabitants of the Continent. Finally he wrapped up. After some applause it came to the guests’ turn. The diplomat, whom I saw stumbling on a slippery floor earlier, came out to the podium. He wore the same robe cleaned by assistants or replaced with an identical one. I did not catch his name, but he spoke excellent English – a telling sign of studying at Oxbridge. He broadcasted the great heritage of his venerable nation and traditions of his country that anticipated many elements of modern society but were brutally suppressed by colonial policies of humanistic states. The speaker avoided unacceptable terms; nevertheless, he made it clear that the use of meat, which later became the main component of the Solidarity Mince, had been practiced in the land of his ancestors long before biocratic civilisation. A thunderous human applause greeted the speech.
I was sick and tired of listening. I turned back to the President, but somehow he dwindled and turned into an ordinary animal, decorated with trinkets and ribbons. 

Chapter 9  Buridan and Allele
Here in Europe I often forget what day of the week or date it is, sometimes both. No, I always remember the month – such forgetfulness would be too much. One of my acquaintances, a doctor, told me that by asking aged people to name the date and day he tested them for senility. I am sure the test is no good! It all depends on the environment and the lifestyle a person leads. I am far from old age and not gaga – my absent-mindedness is due to work or rather lack of duties. My position as the Envoy of the Humanitarian States does not entail any regular activities. I have never even had to hear (or accept) a note of protest from the European Union of Life. And here is the result: I forget the days and dates. I forget them because they are unnecessary in my world. Thinking over the nature of my forgetfulness, I came to a conclusion that should shock many of my fellow humanists as well as Europeans. Here it is: I, a humanist and the Envoy of Humanists, having lived in Europe for just a year and a half and have acquired the features that many Europeans (people) can only dream of. Just like this, like me, without caring for weekdays and dates, most of the creatures live.
And now upon waking up I could not remember the date. It was raining; it started in the morning and was going on and on, although it was nearly time for lunch. It is a rare occurrence on the Côte d’Azur but this is what happened, and the prolonged rain in Nice characterises the time better than any calendar date. 
I sat on a chair in the middle of the room two yards from my desk, the same distance from the sofa, and looked out of the window. Mlle Soya was not around; she did not appear in the morning and did not come in the afternoon. This meant either something out of the ordinary happened or it was Wednesday and her day off. I discarded an unlikely event and in such a logical way came to know the day of the week.
Out of curiosity, I decided to find out the date. I got up and approached the corner of the room. There, in a pile of junk and essential things, was hiding an electronic calendar that I sometimes use. As I mentioned earlier, most such devices are no longer produced in Europe. Using mobile phones, electronic notebooks and similar gadgets is considered anti-social, anti-life and almost humanistic behaviour. These conventions are not applicable to the Envoy and I have everything required for a man of my status – even a personal laptop! Alas, there is no Internet or long-distance telephone connection here, so communication with my family and friends comes down to imaginary conversations.
My calendar was in its usual place – under a jumble of papers. It displayed a note that said Benjamin was having a party today, which I resolved to attend without invitation. There might be an opportunity to carry out a humanistic action – to sever a superior representative of Homo sapiens from her animal partner. 
The enterprise required careful preparation. First, the key device. It looks like an exclusive Mont Blanc fountain pen, but when you turn and press the cap, it shoots a microchip. From a distance of up to four feet the projectile breaks through the skin of a bull, ram or donkey (I was assured that it did not cause pain) and gains a footing. It allows finding and following the labelled subject within a radius of up to 150 miles. To achieve that I had another piece of equipment: a modified GPS navigator. I have not used it for some time, so I spent an hour reading notes and practicing.
Last but not least – a gun. Its preparation was a routine check of combat readiness. I am an experienced marksman and even blindfolded can assemble and load a firearm. An seven-shot revolver, ammunition and a silencer, as well as the navigator and labelling pen was put into my backpack as it was awkward to shove all this stuff into my pockets. I hoped Natasha would come to the party with her ass.

* * *

I parked my Golf on the roadside of Rue de France, a 10-minute walk from Benjamin’s house. Everyone knows that the Envoy prefers to move on foot, and there was no reason to invite the question why on Earth is he driving around town today. With a robust gait I approached the familiar porch. The rain had ended and the air was filled with the smells of sea, asphalt, manure and flowers. It was a beautiful Mediterranean evening. The windows of Benjamin’s apartment were lit up and shadows moved behind the curtains. I peered, trying to discern the silhouette of the enemy, but these were vain efforts. It is not easy to distinguish between the outlines of a man and an animal in a room with drawn curtains from a distance of 50 yards. Someone opened the door to the balcony. It was time to join the party.
Not surprisingly I had not spotted the donkey. Neither he nor Natasha were there; only the host and Maria Green (Benjamin calls her Mary). I had not really met Maria before. I saw her with Benjamin and in the company of Arthur, but could not figure out whose girlfriend she was. She was a miniature brown-haired woman with regular features, a cute mouth and an outstanding waistline. Well-formed and not too large breasts (exactly what is desirable in my opinion); and the bum, too, is just what one wishes. Judging by Benny’s look he had exactly such thoughts. And he clarified the situation.
“My bride, Mary. Mary, this is the Envoy of the Humanitarian States, you have heard about him. Now in an informal setting you may get to know him better.”
“Meow! Are you really their Envoy?”
Yes – despite my usual appearance – here I am, a representative of a disappearing human breed. No problem with providing such clarification. The girl’s pupils dilated like a cat’s in the dark, and I felt that if I were to place my hand on her bottom she would start purring. The bridegroom, not waiting for such a development, pressed Maria to his bosom and moved her away from me. Everything looked hunky-dory. Yet I became convinced that the lady, apart from being Benny’s bride, was also a dear friend of Arthur Taminsky. I had no evidence of their liaison but I was sure of it. Cuddling up to her groom, Maria looked at me and made bodily movements legible to an observant connoisseur.
“Honey, meow, I missed you so much. I want you to give me something to drink, a very, very nice meow.”
“A glass of Burgundy?” asked her bridegroom.
“Oh no! Meow!” the girl stuck out her lips and looked at me, “Vodka! Meow, I will pour it myself.”
She separated herself from her groom and departed to fetch the drink. Vodka! Maybe she thinks vodka is a favourite with humanists. She is mistaken! However, she has charming ears – not like Natasha’s. 
Benny and I stayed behind. We even chatted, although both thought about the girl who had just left the room: he with the hope for future happiness, I with a greedy lust. Then there was the doorbell and Maria shouted that she would answer it. A donkey’s braying piped up. I could not imagine feeling so happy to see the beast.
They all entered the room. Maria hugged Natasha and meowed about not seeing her ever since her baby and husband had been elected. She moved herself to tears, put a napkin to the corner of her right and then left eye. Natasha was in a great philosophical and life-affirming mood. She announced that any existence must provide for other lives and that it was not only fair but also beautiful. I reflected that the injuries inflicted upon her by Buridan were not as serious as I had imagined and I was glad, but there was no changing my mind – the fate of the brute was sealed.
Natasha noticed me and held out her hand. I had not expected this. It looked as though our relations had not suffered. Before I was worried she would not want to be in the same room as me. She smiled and for a moment held her hand in mine, allowing me to feel how her fingers trembled. 
Then they mingled, moved around the living room and then went to the balcony while drinking and talking. They forgot about me, which was to be expected. Even considering this was a private party, and it was acceptable to socialise with the Envoy, I remained the messenger of the humanists – a creature from an alien world. The evening took its course. Pushed aside, I waited for the right moment. 
Natasha and Maria came from the terrace holding hands while continuing their intimate palaver. The beast followed them; he stuck behind and sniffed at the protruding rear of Maria Green. Intending for me to hear her, Natasha spoke in a loud voice.
“Caw! I can’t imagine living without Buridan! What luck that I’ve met him!” 
Both women turned around to enjoy the view of the mentioned gentle creature. Natasha put her hand between the ass’s ears and Maria said, “Meow, how cute he is! What an athletic body he has!” Then she bent down and advanced her lips towards the animal’s muzzle. Benjamin did not like this and I shared his attitude. I could not imagine how one would kiss the lips that licked the donkey’s snout. Well, unless it were Natasha’s but even then a thorough washing would be necessary. Disinfecting such a girl as Maria is not a trivial task. I guess these thoughts came to Benjamin when he expressed a strong dissatisfaction. Maria’s reaction was quick and stupid. 
“Meow! Honey, you are my only man on this whole Earth! Don’t be jealous! I just friendly hugged, meow, Natasha’s boy.”
After these words, she offered up her contaminated lips to the groom. It became disgusting; however, Benjamin had no choice but to accept the caresses of his bride. I just did not know how I would have responded in a similar situation. Most likely, I would have run to the bathroom afterwards. They hugged and embraced. Natasha leaned over to pick something up from the floor and Buridan perceived her movement in his own way. With enviable agility, he threw his front legs onto the woman’s back. Maria said “Ah,” while hugging her groom, but she did not cease to observe what was happening. Natasha, however, was not going to indulge the beast this time. Freed from the legs of an ass, she said in a stern voice, “Buridan, stop it! Hee-haw! This is not the place to show tender feelings!” 
The donkey grasped that he could not get what he wanted, but his excitement continued to grow. He stood between us, turning his head like a fighter in the ring. He realised that he had every right to take what he wanted from human beings. When his muzzle turned to me I saw nasty yellow teeth. He singled out Maria and launched a new offensive. The evidence of his desire hardened. Hiding behind Benjamin, without a meow, Maria whispered, “Please take him away somewhere.”
We all had to battle with the heated male: Natasha tried to grab him by the neck, I held a back leg and Benjamin dragged his whole body from the room. Buridan’s hooves skidded across the floorboards. Benjamin proved himself a strong young man, able to cope with a stubborn representative of the animal kingdom. I let go of the donkey’s hoof, Natasha parted with his neck and Benny dragged Buridan out. 
“Caw! Caw! How strong is your Benjamin!”
“He went through special training to pacify animal rapists and served in the Foreign Legion of Life!” Maria replied. “I’m sorry Buridan scared you,” said Natasha.
“Meow, no prob,” Maria lowered her voice, but not so much that I couldn’t hear. “I had Jack before Benjamin. Just a dog, meow, not so big at all. How do you stand it? Is it sore? Have you done, meow, an enlargement?”
Natasha did not actually answer her chum, instead she launched into a sentimental praise of her equidae partner.
“Caw, he is so affectionate, so gentle,” she lied, “sometimes he behaves like now, but others experience the same…”
Benjamin returned with an air of Hercules victorious from battle and undertook the task of assuaging the women’s fears. I decided my time was up and left the room.

* * *

In the hallway I picked up my backpack and started the tour of Benny’s apartment. I, the envoy of a sovereign state in the European Union of Life, felt jealous of his 3000 square feet of living space in a beautiful 19th century house in the very centre of Nice. First I went to the dining hall, from there I popped to the terrace overlooking a courtyard with a fountain and palm trees. Then I found myself in the kitchen. An ideal order reigned there as it should do in an exemplary bourgeois house. A quick glance showed a significant supply of drinks in the cabinet, including the very same Cognac I tasted during my previous visit. There was temptation, but mentally attaching a label with an exclamation mark to the cabinet door I left the room. 
There was a staircase at the end of the corridor. The apartment was spread over two floors and had two exits. In Benjamin’s bedroom one could not fail to notice the high quality of the Egyptian linen and a thoughtful organisation of interior space. There was no sign of the donkey on the top floor and I returned downstairs. I started opening all the doors one after another until I found Allele. She met me with a joyful bleating. Refraining from a reciprocal salute, I quietly closed the door. This opened up new possibilities. I did not have to search for Buridan for very long; he was in the chamber next to the sheep’s, only a much larger one. A tree branch touched the frame of an open window. Benjamin foresaw various events – the floor was tiled and excrement was already deposited on it here and there.
Closing the door, I looked around. The donkey ignored me; his passion subsided, and he stared at the darkening window. I opened the backpack, extracted the equipment, found a point on his hide, where, as it seemed to me, the beast could not reach with his teeth. Taking aim, I turned and pressed the cap. There was a clap. The target shuddered, waved its tail but remained calm.
In Allele’s room, I checked the signal on my tracking device then took the sheep by the ear and led her to the ass. The animals made an acquaintance: Buridan sniffed his new pal who lowered herself at his feet. It only remained to take them out of the building. Once again grabbing Allele’s ear, I directed her to the exit and Buridan followed. On an empty night street, they stared for two minutes in various directions and then moved side by side towards the Promenade des Anglais.
Before rejoining the party I popped into the kitchen and did what I had planned to do. They had not noticed my absence. Sitting in a chair with a glass of Cognac, I watched and contemplated. If I were not the Envoy, if I were (scary to imagine) one of them – such a thought led me to a sad conclusion – no one would be interested in me and, in addition, they wouldn’t accept me into their company. It was a bitter thought, but my buddy Cognac fragrantly whispered, ‘Well, fine. You are a humanist and the Envoy of Humanists.”
I waited for developments. When would Natasha feel the urge to see her beloved and ask Benjamin to organise a reunion?

* * *

It happened before Natasha discovered the absence of her partner. Helot started all the brouhaha by running into the living room and shouting, “Allele! Allele!” His entrance caused a flood of questions. Maria demanded clarification of who this person and Allele was. Her groom struggled to answer; instead, he looked around and opened the door to the balcony as if he were trying to find the sheep. 
Natasha was surprised too. She went to Helot and said, “Caw! What are you doing here, Vladimir?” However, like Benjamin Vladimir-Helot was in no hurry to reply. Nobody seemed to comprehend anyone, although almost everyone knew all the others. Maria summarised this state of affairs.
“You are all meow-meow, and I am alone not meow? It’s not fair!”
“I know Vladimir,” said Natasha, not looking at her friend, “but he mustn’t be here because he caw-caw!”
Maria crouched next to me. I knew from previous experience that in moments of confusion such as during a crisis, cannibals prefer to draw closer to the only available humanist. Alas, not everyone has such an opportunity – crowds of them are around, and there is only one Envoy in the whole of Europe. Maria began nagging Benjamin and I attended to it with some pleasure.
“Benny, don’t give me any meow-meow. It’s unfair, honey, to meow secrets from me – me, who meows you so! You should have introduced Vladimir and Allele to meow. Is she his sheep-friend? Why are you hiding every meow from me? Something completely dishonest meows here!”
After a short pause Maria continued, this time showing amazing insight.
“And now Allele, meow, left! This is because of you, because you meow her and a donkey from the room! Natasha, I’m sure his Allele is with your Buridan now! He so wanted meow!”
“My Allele is a baa-sheep,” explained Helot.
“Meow! So I think! Natasha, if I were you I would meow everywhere. They are no doubt together energetically meowing right now!”
I felt a deep respect for the little egoist. It was amazing how many truths she revealed to those present when sitting on the carpet at my feet and only slightly wrinkling her forehead. I did not want her to turn her insights on me. Fortunately, I was not included in the remit of her interests.
“Natasha, go uncouple them! They are together, meow-meow. Just be, meow, careful – better let Benny go with you.”
“Don’t be silly. Buridan doesn’t need anyone. Last Thursday, we met a lovely lady-donkey at the reception of the Ministry of Justice. Caw! Buridan did not even glance at her.”
Yet Natasha went on a futile search for her partner. Helot rushed in front of her while Maria reunited with Benjamin, took his hand and followed them.
“Us too! I want to see. Meow! Never seen donkeys mate with ewes!”
Left alone, I established the location of the fugitives using my Electronic Tagging System – they headed east and were already approaching the port.


* * *

I was not to enjoy any peace. The next two hours passed in frantic activity. First, we ran around the house looking for the missing animals in the building. After a while it was concluded they had escaped through an open door. 
Next we transferred our search efforts to the city centre. We looked for the fugitives together and as two separate parties: Natasha with Helot, I with Benjamin and Maria. At about three o’clock in the morning we returned to the headquarters and notified the service of missing creatures. By that time, my target, after passing Villefranche-sur-Mer, was approaching Cap Ferrat. The official search was scheduled to begin at 10.00 in the morning. 

* * *

In the living room Natasha reclined on a couch, pushing the pillows to the floor. Maria sat on the same couch and held her hand. She was the only member of our group whom the preceding events and the ensuing fuss had not exhausted; she became fresher and prettier than before.
I had to be content with a couch lacking a backrest. Helot parked next to me and dropped his head to his knees. Benjamin walked around the room, like the commander-in-chief of the search party. Maria looked at her groom with concern. She did her best to direct his thoughts to a more important subject: herself.
“Benny, honey, dear, meow – sorry. I seem to upset you with suspicion. But I am so, meow, worried.”
She kept holding Natasha’s hand, but for now concentrated her attention on Benjamin.
“When?” Benjamin said.
“Meow, before Buridan and the little sheep, meow, escaped. I thought you hid them from me. How I want to learn how to meow emotions! I mean, I so meow you!”
“I love you too,” Benjamin’s voice was devoid of tenderness, “but right now it’s imperative to find out where they are.”
Natasha opened her eyes and examined some invisible drawings on the smooth ceiling of the living room. When she spoke, she seemed to address the plaster.
“Caw! Only I know what love is!” She held her breath, then not waiting for a response continued, “Love is loss. It is what I had before and what is no more. Caw! Even if in reality I had nothing, if it was only a dream. What difference does it make if it is no more! Lost, lost. It is true that I was selfish, cared only for myself, thought when it hurt me, he must understand and be patient. So he left me… my Buridan! He is not at all like us. I had to accept his lifestyle, his perception of the world, his simple and unending desires. Caw! I understood nothing! And he found one who was closer to him and escaped with her!”
Her pathetic monologue was infused with pauses, exclamations and croaking. As a humanist I felt sick and ashamed, but there was also joy that – thank God – she could not accept the ass’s attitude to life. Benjamin tried to help her cope with her grief.
“Natasha! Listen to yourself! We welcome equality for all creatures, but you are the one with the intelligence. How can you practice an animal’s attitude to the world and donkey love?”
Natasha straightened up and gave him an unkind look. She shook her head, exposing her big ugly ear.
“You speak like a humanist! Caw! You are a humanist!
Maria brought Natasha’s hand to her lips.
“Meow, no – Benny is not a humanist. Quite the opposite. He loves donkeys and horses, or so he says sometimes. We see you’re very meow-meow because of strong circumstances. That’s why you meow that humanists are around. Better meow and calm down. Try to sleep, meow, close your eyes, imagine a field with little sheep and start counting them. No, don’t count sheep, you may meow that Buridan is cheating on you with all of those little beasts and then very strong unforeseen emotions will arise. Better close your eyes, imagine meow donkeys and start looking for yours.”
“Caw! My husband and my little boy…” Natasha continued in a low, sad voice, “Reason, caw, is only needed for understanding the equality of all living beings; for anything else it is useless. They embraced equality for all living creatures – cows, birds, fish, you name it. They gave themselves up to the common cause. I will never accept the exclusivity of humans! Never! All living bodies are equal, life is equal to life! Caw! Caw!”
In my mind I pictured cats, dogs and other animals familiar to me. Yes, we should treat them with kindness. However, are bugs also equal to me? My back felt itchy. At that point Helot addressed me. He moved closer and, without asking for permission, started babbling about his life at the Equality Farm. The branch of the Farm where he lived was in the Provence-Alpes-Côte d’Azur. Helot did not specify the place; most likely he himself did not know for sure. He only said it was unit 413B.
“It’s good there, but there is a lot of work to do.”
“Hard work for the chosen ones? Woof! Working for the future components of the Solidarity Mince?”
I posed questions when Helot fell silent, but he would continue regardless anyway. He craved to speak, needed a listener who would not disclose his revelations to the police or testify in court. For keeping a conversation going, it was enough to insert ‘woof-woof’ every now and then. His narrative was not coherent. Helot talked as if to himself or to some unknown to me inhabitants of the Farm, stubbornly refusing to acquiesce to an ordinary humanitarian listener. In addition he spiced up his speech with expressions from the language of life. Despite all these hindrances, I elicited the main peculiarities of the organisation of the Equality Farm’s branch where my acquaintance lived and worked.

* * *

Life on the Equality Farm is comfortable. The territory is generous and includes a valley with a lake, forested hillsides and mountain meadows. The security system is not arduous. Apparently (I assumed this from Helot’s vague explanations) it is fully automated and computerised and does not require the intervention of maintenance personnel. In fact there is no special personnel at all, which in prisons or similar institutions provides various levels of security.
Two-storey cottages were built in branch 413B along the valley and on the shores of a lake – it was an idyllic village. The occupants live alone or in pairs or communes according to their wishes. I do not know what amenities exist for animals. The Chosen enjoy free movement throughout the territory. One scene he recounted several times: I see a path around the lake, his daily hikes, ducks swimming and flying over the peaceful surface of water. Those ducks were not the Chosen citizens, as they could fly in and out according to their desires, oblivious to the biological equality enforced by humans. Helot spent his evenings by the lake, going there whenever he had free time. His favourite track led past the open water, dived into dense avenues formed by shrubs and trees and climbed steep Alpine slopes. I believe it was during these dreamy walks that he planned the escape.
Residents of the Farm do not need money as everything necessary is provided for them by the State. However, there are no restrictions on personal property (jewellery, clothes, books, porcelain and furniture, for example), which arrive with the Chosen. Helot recalled an Audi car stationed near his house; in his memory it never left the parking lot. I wonder where all the goods from the farm go after the disappearance of their rightful owners? 
The defining features of the Farm are its confinement and self-sufficiency. All services, the entire production process – including the slaughter (my term, Helot called this ‘transformation’) – of people and animals, processing of the carcasses and preparation of the Solidarity Mince are carried out by the Chosen, the occupants of the Farm. Most stages of the transformation of living creatures into meat products are mechanised and require minimal contact between the operator and the butchered flesh. The life cycle of the Farm is simple. Veterans train the new arrivals (the Chosen people) to produce the Solidarity Mince and maintain the complex. For some time, usually between four weeks and three months, these Junior Chosen work under the veteran’s supervision. When the vets are converted into mince they take their place and provide the transmission of their experience to the following generation. The process is endless and does not require external intervention or supervision. The European Community supplies the farm with energy, equipment and a constant influx of the Chosen.
Anyone who reflects upon the Equality Farm cannot but have a notion that only people can support its work and existence. All other living beings are still, as decades and centuries in the past, only passive participants in the process. However, an indisputable achievement of the new society and the Farm is that nobody there could be considered a victim, since equality and justice do not prey on anyone.
One troubling thought concerns the very first Chosen, the pioneers of the Farm who did not have any mentors or an established routine. They had to develop everything from scratch on their own: install the equipment, organise the security system, write the production standards for the Solidarity Mince, train a second generation and only then go to the meat grinder.
I do not know how long Helot stayed there. According to my rough estimate it was about three months. At the time of his flight he belonged to the category of ‘veterans’ and knew the production process. 
A few times Helot mentioned the name Anouk. I don’t know whether she was his friend or an expert who trained him. Was she a girl or an old woman? Blonde or brunette? What kind of smile or if she smiled at all. What difference does it make! Whoever Anouk was, she has been consumed by both unknown and familiar to me people – the Taminskys, Maria and Helot himself. Only the vegetarian Benjamin had not eaten her. I hope I did not taste her either. My protein aliment is 99.99 percent reconstituted chicken – 99.99 percent pure chicken! Therefore, it is still possible I absorbed some of Anouk’s molecules. I ate 1000 times less of her flesh than they did! Yet I ate her too. Well, cohabiting with cannibals, even a humanist could not escape their lifestyle! Well, everyone has eaten Anouk. Anouk, a European woman, an unknown soldier of the Equality Farm. Chosen and blended with the others, akin and dissimilar individuals, and eaten by the grateful European Community. 
I was keen to learn about the handling of children, toddlers and babies. What are the guidelines for their processing? My questions fell on deaf ears. And yet I am sure they involve only the most experienced veterans to transform children and young animals into Solidarity Mince. I also believed that after accomplishing this mission, the performers convert themselves into the same product on the same day and at the same hour.
I learned little about Helot’s escape. My guess is that as an expert in computer technology (they entrusted him with the protection of the farm) he blocked the security system. Judging by the clause ‘when I later met Allele,’ he ran away alone and picked up the sheep while making his way from the Alps to Nice. This conjecture is consistent with the presence of physical barriers blocking the escape of animals from the farm. It’s hardly possible to carry an adult sheep for several hundred yards.

* * *

After listening to his confession, I became convinced that Helot was an ordinary coward refusing to fulfil a major civic duty. When Natasha came up to us she had to call out several times before he responded.
“Caw! Vladimir! Vladimir – Vladimir!”
Helot looked up at her and declared, “I’m Helot now.”
“Leave helots with the Envoy, you are Vladimir. You will come with me!”
“Baa, where to?”
It was conspicuous that he had no inclination to go anywhere. He did not want to move from a convenient place for venturing outside, but members of the Taminsky family are difficult to argue with.
“We will search for our lost loves! Your Allele and my Buridan! They left together; therefore the two of us have to find them. Caw!”
“I’m not sure I love her enough,” admitted Helot.
“You love Allele with all your heart, especially now that she is no longer with you!”
To me her last statement made no sense at all, but she spoke with absolute certainty. It became obvious that Helot would have to surrender.
“They are looking for me. I – baa-baa – escaped from the Farm. I don’t want to feed you! All this equality and justice terrifies me.”
While he spoke, Natasha apprehended his hand and I edged away from the pair.
“You’re just, caw, a coward! Yet, we’ll find Allele. Then returning to the Farm will become a natural act of love for you.”
Again she defied logic. I closed my eyes so I could not see the rest of it. After I opened them, neither Helot nor she was in the room. Still, I could not purge my mind of her dictums. She spoke too passionately – more artificial and pitched than any of my European acquaintances. It was pathetic. Sasha’s memoirs pictured a different Natasha, not like this one. Now she has picked Helot as her partner to recover the donkey. What does she have in common with this quitter?

Chapter 10  The Death of the Ass
Dawn was approaching when I left the city. There were no cars for miles. Nowadays even in rush hour the roads were free of traffic. Huge taxes on petrol and diesel, duty on driving, payments to protect vertebrates and invertebrates – with all these levies, only the richest few could run a personal vehicle. Even Arthur preferred to walk or use public transport, although there was a Jeep parked in his double garage. The car industry hit hard times. All this has nothing to do with me. The Envoy is in a privileged position: my government pays taxes and expenses. I drive on empty European roads, sometimes giving lifts to others.
After leaving Nice, I headed through the darkness to the Moyenne Corniche and then took the route to Monaco. By that time the fugitives, walking along the sea, passed Beaulieu-sur-Mer and turned north. They reached the place where the Nietzsche trail climbs to the mountain village of Èze. Many years ago, a potty philosopher-poet walked this route daily while composing the last part of his book Thus Spoke Zarathustra.
My plan was to leave the car in Èze and meet them on a narrow path. I was in a hurry; breaking all the rules of the Highway Code I sped along the motorway at a crazy 40 mph, risking running over a careless mouse or even a larger creature.
When I reached the place it was already daylight. Climbing onto the rocks and hanging over a cliff, the village was receiving the first rays of the Sun. Not a single human walked down the narrow stony streets – only shadows of furry citizens, already awakened or not having slept at all, glided there. I left the Golf in an empty parking lot, threw the backpack over my shoulders and took the well-known path.
The descent to the sea takes about 40 minutes. It is easy, but you should watch your step so as not to trip over stones and protruding pieces of rocks. Having walked along a section of the road hidden by a tunnel of trees and shrubs, past dilapidated sheds attached to the hillside, I found myself on the spot where the vast expanse of the Mediterranean Sea opened up. Èze piled above on the right; on the left, two yards from the path, thick bushes boarded a precipice. My target, according to the Electronic Tagging System, was ahead and about 100 feet below. I pulled the revolver out of the backpack, attached the silencer and advanced along a zigzagging path. Holding the weapon in my right hand and the navigator in the left, I walked for another five minutes. He was close and did not move. I hoped that the ass had not left the trail settling on a slope where he would be difficult to approach. I could get him from even 100 yards, but the perspective was not attractive. The cry of a wounded animal; the fall of the body from a cliff. Looking around I continued to advance. Sweat rolled into my eyes and I had to stop. Suddenly a fresh wind blew from the sea. On the horizon appeared the yellow hull of a ferry sailing from Corsica to the capital of Europe.
The sheep’s bleating and the donkey’s voice merged into a singular sound, from which I shuddered and froze. They were right there, behind the bend of the path blocked by an overhanging ledge. This time I was prepared to meet the devil. Now, after Natasha, he violates Allele! I shivered at the presentiment, shoved the navigator in my pocket and inhaled as much oxygen as I could prior to circling the rock. They occupied the entire path. Buridan stood facing me, his head bent to one side. Seeing me, he backed up a bit and waved his tail. Allele laid down across the path and chewed whatever grass was available. Pressing myself against the rock, I squeezed forward, and when behind the donkey I lifted the revolver. The pop of the shot was quieter than the donkey’s fart that coincided with it. Buridan continued to stay upright for a second and then fell to one side. It was over for him – there was no need to check the pulse. Allele persisted to peacefully chew the grass. A thought flashed, It is necessary to get rid of the witness, and the hand with the weapon moved in her direction. This fleeting idiocy turned into a fit of laughter – I bent over and went into spasms. I tried as best as I could not to disrupt the silence of the morning. Becoming like them! A witness of the crime – my sheep! Happy further journey, Allele! May you reunite with your lover soon! I would be glad to provide you with a room in my residence if you ever need it! Having calmed down, I stepped over the dead donkey and went back to the car.

* * *

Back home I washed my hands and took a shower. Then I remembered that the revolver needed to be serviced so I disassembled it and cleaned and oiled all the parts. After that, I had to wash my hands again and take another shower.
The Cognac turned out to be tasteless. Despite the night spent on my feet, I did not want to go to bed. I rather wanted to chat, to tell someone about the events of the past hours, about the smooth liquidation of the beast. There was no one to speak to. I was alone in a hostile, alien and misunderstanding world. If Lev were around, I would tell him everything. No, first I would say that I felt sick, that the Cognac has lost its zest and I couldn’t sleep at all. In response I would hear, “Do you want to unload your problems onto me? You know how much they pay me for this – €350 an hour! And it’s free for you, anything’s for nothing. You live a bloody comfortable life. Well, well – just teasing. What happened there? How have you demonstrated the benefits of a humanistic civilisation?”
And I would say, “Lev, I’ve just shot the donkey creature.”
“Meaning you became a killer?”
“Lev! I said it was a donkey! An ass!”
“I heard you. Vic, according to the customs of a humanistic society, donkeys live on pastures and children treasure them. We used them for carrying loads and riding, but that was a long time ago. We never hunted them anyway. Killing a donkey is not good. If you shot one, then you’re a killer.”
“Lev, I killed Buridan according to the plan! Our plan, as you advised when we discussed it in this very room less than a week ago.”
“Victor, the last time we talked was a year and a half ago! There were no asses, except yourself. If you conduct conversations with me in your dreams, then well… Whatever you do, that’s your right, but do not expect me to remember the contents of such spectral consultations.”
“Right, I am telling you everything from the beginning. So what, now you’ll stop talking to me? To a killer?”
“I’m talking to you all right, but that does not cancel out the fact of the murder.”
“Buridan deserved to die!”
“Everyone deserves it, but what did he do that was so special? How did he earn his premature destruction?”
“He violated – he raped a woman!”
“Aha! And you craved to save her, like an Ancient Greek hero! Only you were a bit too late. Instead you had to avenge her?”
“Please don’t mock. You see, this insignificant event depresses me otherwise I would not have asked for your help.”
“Have a nice drink, it always helped in the past.”
“Today it did not! Brandy lost its strength. I had to eliminate Buridan – he raped Natasha. He took advantage of her vulnerable psychological condition!”
“An ass raping a woman! What a picture! Hard to believe, hard to imagine even in Europe. I just can’t envisage a hoofed animal raping a human.”
“If you prefer, you could say she violated herself by that animal.”
“Yes, now the situation has cleared up a bit. He helped Taminsky, but you didn’t like it and you elected to kill such a help.”
“Yes, destroying this donkey-ass was the only way out!”
“For whom?”
“For whom?”
“That’s what I am asking you – for whom was it the only way out? You’ve heard me well enough, just pretended not to. Your beloved satisfied herself with a donkey, after which you singled him out, hunted him down and killed him.”
“She did not have any satisfaction – she was hurt! She was in severe pain!”
“Vic, did you see it or was it all in your head?”
“I saw it, I caught him red handed.”
“Aha, in flagrante delicto. Red-handed is not a correct term as the alleged criminal had no hands. And you didn’t run away? 
“No, I watched it to the end, even walked around.”
“Listen, this is huge progress! When we met 30 years ago, if you had encountered a couple making love you would have run away as fast as you could! Why, even much later!”
“I say she suffered!”
“Natasha suffered? Poor Natasha.”
“Yes!”
“Oh yes. Victor, we could get gratification from pain and suffering. Gratification from such a dissatisfaction could be much stronger than an ordinary satisfaction. Remember my aphorism, or better yet write it down.”
“So I shouldn’t have killed him?”
“Why not? You succumbed to emotions and slaughtered the male during sexual intercourse with a woman whom you desired for yourself. Defendable – a crime of passion.”
“Not quite so. I did not kill the donkey then when he was with her. I lured him to a secluded place and killed him by shooting him in the nape of the neck with a silenced revolver.
“Do asses have napes?”
“I don’t know. Shot in the head if you prefer.”
“So sad.”
“I don’t think it’s sad, but it disturbed me. I can’t sleep. I can’t drink and enjoy life!”
“Sad, very sad, because you slaughtered the donkey in vain. You killed it as a rival and now hope to seduce Natasha — no chance. You wiped out the obstacle, but the woman won’t sleep with you.”
“Why not?”
“Because! Because I’ve known you for 30 years. Believe me – she will not. And do not ask why. Explanations won’t help either.”
“And if she would agree, then everything would be all right? You would speak to me differently, perhaps with respect?”
“If you could succeed in your undertaking, if you only could… then yes, killing the donkey would be justified and you would be a successful criminal. Well, then everything would be different. Then I wouldn’t even exchange a word with you. However, this is a hypothetical rather unrealistic possibility, therefore we communicate even though you are a killer.”
“So what am I to do now?”
“Suffer and feel sorry. Soon, your robust and healthy ego will convince you to forgive yourself.”
It became obvious that talking with an outstanding psychiatrist who was also my best friend would not bring me any relief.

* * *

I paced from the study to the kitchen then back again and kept opening a fridge while repeating to myself that there was no reason to be stirred up. I have to calm down, even if I’ve done wrong! He was only a damn donkey! And he committed violence against a woman! Even if he did not understand his action, so what? Let us consider, for example, a dog that attacked a child. In a normal humanistic society it never occurs to anyone to accept his inability to reason as a mitigating circumstance! It has to be destroyed!
At 9.00 a.m. Mlle Soya arrived. She busied herself in the kitchen for a while and I did not dare approach her. She came in, saw me sitting motionless at the table and laid her hand on my shoulder. Three minutes later she brought the stuff that always produced reassuring effects. She did not realise that I had already tried this remedy and it had failed. Not wanting to upset Soya I left the residence.
On the embankment by the sea it was a normal day, the same as the other 300 days in the year: a lot of Sun, blue water and nothing alluring. You can walk along the Promenade as far as you like, sit on a bench and watch people, sheep, dogs, cows and other creatures of the European Union pass by, and nothing would change either in the world or in your unbalanced soul.
While I stared at the horizon, a simple fact that it was Sunday dawned on me. The Institute is closed over weekends, but Dr Pyrate would be there in the laboratory. I fancied seeing Colombina.

* * *

In the Department of the Homogenisation of Life Professor Corsair met me in person; he looked away and was laconic.
“Envoy, chicken, okay,” said the professor.
I wondered what price the copyright owner would charge this time, but he did not add another word, just turned his back and walked out of the institute. The laboratory was empty and quiet, only caustic chemical aromas hung in the air. I stood in the middle of the space ordained to science and tried to guess where a bizarre sound of grunts was coming from. For safety reasons they do not allow pigs in the building. However, the grunts continued and soon I localised the source – they came from Dr Pyrate’s office. Colombina sat at her desk and cried. I knocked on the glass door and entered. She jumped, turned away, bent over and pulled a bundle from under the desk.
“Take it and go away.”
Her agility surprised me: getting a reconstituted chicken out, she wiped the tears and brought her face to the usual scholarly demeanour. She repeated the command.
“Take it.”
“How much?”
“It’s free. Neigh, on him.”
I felt something like sympathy for her profound and, as it seemed to me, unrelated to science grief. The first thing that occurred to me was, “Did he upset you?”
“Neigh,” Colombina tossed her head, “he would only try! Neigh, you don’t know how I kick! If it were you… well, that’s another, neigh, matter.”
I sank into a chair and laid the bundle on my lap.
“Don’t put it like that – minus 20, you could damage your device,” Colombina remarked anxiously.
She offered me coffee. We drank and preserved the silence. Pyrate’s coffee acted better than Cognac. The ass’s murder receded into my mind’s background. 
“Neigh! It will be the end!” she blurted.
“The end of whom or what?”
“My project! You fool! It’s not even that they refused to continue financing, neigh…”
She poured out the frustrations of a scientist misunderstood by the establishment. The European Commission has cut funding for the laboratory of the Homogenisation of Life. It must be a new project from a rival group promising an unprecedented expansion of horizons. Half of the staff would have to be let go, and this was only the beginning. The main intellectual brainchild of Dr Pyrate – the reconstitution of the immediate state of flesh after the death – came under threat. Alas, she was on the verge of a breakthrough and poised to make a major discovery. Her latest research has shown that for control experiments she needs bodies of creatures dead for no more than 10 hours.
“Only from the Farm.”
“Neigh, as if I don’t know that you fool!” 
She called me names for the second time. This derision flying from her lips testified to a genuine upset. Colombina continued.
“They refused me permission to visit the Farm! Bloody neigh!”
“No surprise. It is denied to all but the Chosen.”
“We scientists are the Chosen! We have been chosen, neigh, by science! For the sake of science, we are ready to sacrifice everything.”
“Would you go to the Farm to make the control substance from your own body?” 
“Neigh-neigh!” said Dr Pyrate. “With me gone, who would conduct my research? I suggested using one of these asses, my graduate students, for the experiments.”
It felt good. I was not the only one willing to assassinate asses. Leaving the Institute, enjoying the pleasant weight of humanitarian protein in the pack on my back, I knew that when I got home I would go to bed.

Chapter 11  The Bureau of Lost Friends
Once upon a time I enjoyed good sleep. I hit the hay and after eight or nine hours got up fresh and ready for the day. No, I did not sleep like a log. I always slept lightly and woke up with the alarm clock or as soon as my Mother said it was time to get up. However, I slept without remembering how I had slept. Now nothing is the same. Not that I suffer from insomnia – rather, I suffer from dreams. I watch, from the beginning until the very end, dreams that I would rather not see. Even worse, I never get those I prefer, which would be just right. Between the bad dreams, I wake up several times a night and shift the pillows to prolong the torment.
That day after getting rid of Buridan, a disappointing conversation with Dr Bouni and a rather satisfactory meeting with Colombina, I achieved shuteye on the sofa in my reception. This sofa is hard surfaced, and therefore when reposed I feel pressure on the parts of my body making contact with it. Oddly enough this helps, if not to get rid of unwanted dreams, then at least to reduce their number and intensity. I also noticed that relaxing on the sofa during certain hours of the morning (6.30 to 8.00) is particularly good. 
The next morning I was experiencing a nice slumber that was rudely interrupted by the arrival of visitors. Who’s that? Who’s got the gall to wake the Envoy of Humanists on a Monday morning? Mlle Soya woke me up. On Mondays, she appears early to bring the residence to a proper condition before the start of a working week. We do not have working weeks or days, but Soya still sticks to her routine.
I don’t know whether Mlle Soya called my name or just touched me, but I awoke and sat up. What was happening? Oh, luckily I was wearing underpants when I fell asleep. Why is she bothering me?
“That young man is here – the friend of the pretty sheep – and lady Natasha is with him.”
I was still not completely awake, and in my fogged head the thought arose that criminals returned to the crime scene. But they were not criminals, rather friends of the victim. They did not even know that an execution took place. I had to put myself in order. My apparel (shorts and a T-shirt) were there on the floor, but I needed to get to the bathroom. And they were right behind the door blocking the way. I noted on the floor under my feet an unfinished glass and still in a haze wanted to wash my face with Cognac. No, the aroma would spread from me.
Mlle Soya returned with a wet towel. She is better than gold, she is a real treasure – the only person in Europe who is irreplaceable, without whom the humanistic mission can’t exist, without whom I’d starve to death. She is almost like a wife to me. Oh, not wife – a mother, or maybe a partner in life, but not quite.

* * *

After 30 hours of unsuccessful rushing around the city, Natasha and Helot came to me for help. Natasha kept her ability to reason but ceased delivering pathetic dictums; she spoke with her eyes downcast and no longer mentioned love or duty. She also stopped croaking, which I preferred. Helot looked depressed and morose. Natasha reasonably assumed that I would provide him with relative security. “The police won’t detain Vladimir in the Envoy’s presence,” she said. In addition, my car promised to improve their mobility. Sure, all right. The first thing to do is visit the Bureau of Lost Friends.
They declined the breakfast offered by Mlle Soya. I, however, refuse to go out on an empty stomach as this leads to inattention behind the wheel and bad mood for the rest of the day. Due to their unsocial attitudes, I had to hastily swallow some cottage cheese with sour cream followed by a cheese sandwich and drink my morning coffee in the kitchen. All the time Helot jerked and glanced across the table, and Natasha, pressing herself against the wall, examined the black and white squares of the floor tiles. The floor of my kitchen resembles a chessboard, and Natasha looked like a Caïssa considering her next move. After my hasty snack I left them and made it to the office to get ready. This time the revolver was minus its silencer; I also took spare glasses and a device allowing me to eavesdrop on people (I was not interested in communications of other Europeans) within a radius of up to 300 yards.
Within an hour we left the residence. I drove at 20 mph (in slight excess of the speed limit) while observing all the rules of the road. Natasha refused to sit next to me; they both settled in the back, perhaps holding hands and fuelling each other’s unrealistic hopes. We headed to La Turbie – a small village in the foothills of the Alps. It is noted for the Roman monument known as the Tropaeum Alpium erected during the reign of Emperor Augustus, which the subsequent generations all but dismantled for their building needs. In the 19th or 20th century some enthusiasts restored it and a decent park with breath-taking views of the Principality and the Mediterranean had emerged. This park has been transformed into the misplaced creatures office. They amass there the lost citizens unable to explain themselves and find their relations. During the formative years of the biocratic society the possibility of electronic identification (tagging) of all the inhabitants of the Continent was debated. This idea was rejected, and not because of technical difficulties, but for the unacceptability of the invasion into the private lives of citizens. 
At the entrance to the territory an inscription greeted us: ‘All hope espouse, ye who enter here.’ Written in various languages and in several mixtures of languages, it appeared beneath a graphic image of the union of two happy creatures. 
We got tickets (paid for by Natasha) and found ourselves inside. In the park, I once again realised how deeply conventions could be entrenched in some people. In a public place, Helot – this cowardly fugitive, this wanted criminal – turned his face away from me, with all his appearance demonstrating that he had nothing to do with the Envoy of Humanists. At the same time a mortal fear did not allow him to move further than five steps away from this very representative of the hostile civilisation. Natasha, on the other hand, serenely walked between us uniting the disconnected worlds of humanism and biological equality. 
I had visited the place before and had a good idea of its geography. The whole territory, surrounded by a fence, is partitioned into two sectors. In the ‘Seekers’ area there are almost exclusively people. They are not entering ‘The Lost’ sector, where the subjects of search and personnel (people and dogs trained to recognise and combine smells of friendship and partnership) reside.
After completing a five-page questionnaire, we came to the ‘Seekers’ waiting area. Helot looked awful. I started worrying that his nervousness could affect Natasha. To relieve the situation, I sat them at a table under a canvas canopy and then took another one about 20 yards away. Leaving my backpack there, I went to fetch a manager. My sack is marked by the Coat of Arms of the Humanitarian States, representing male and female profiles facing each other with an inscription framing them: ‘Humanitarians of All Countries, Unite!’ These symbols protect my property from curious and criminal elements – Europeans are more likely to reach for a bomb than for such an item. The only ones to be wary of are non-humans, but here there is intelligent members of staff always escorting them.

* * *

An impeccably dressed and unceasingly smiling Monsieur Goatsmilker sat opposite Natasha. He was hot in a suit but had to demonstrate with every bit of his appearance (sparse hair, a goatee and a beaming face) readiness to serve the dear customers. M Goatsmilker spoke nonstop for half an hour. Instead of discouraging their hopeless pursuit, he advertised his business while I had to drink the tasteless wine.
“Dear Madame Taminsky, hee-haw, we are glad to see you at our Bureau and will do our best to reunite you with your dear Buridan,” he then turned to Helot, “Monsieur Helot, baa-baa, I’m sure your separation from Allele will be a short one and very soon you will caress her gentle fleece again.”
I smiled. He introduced himself as Helot – he accepted my brand.
“Thank you, M Goatsmilker. Just tell me please, is she here?” muttered Helot.
Goatsmilker stroked the remnants of his hair (a very unattractive gesture) and looked around, as if searching for a sheep in a crowd of people.
“Perhaps it is absolutely possible, but not certain. It is not always feasible to obtain comprehensive information from our guests who regularly prefer to avoid conversations.”
“Do you have anyone similar to our partners?” Natasha said, entering the conversation.
“Of course! hee-haw and baa-baa! Absolutely! Quite a few lost citizens corresponding to those looked for by you, Madame Taminsky, and by you, Mr – baa – Helot. They are all happily staying with us. Tell me Mr Helot, does your sheep-friend have any special aspects?”
“Allele is very pretty, although not a beauty in the usual sense,” said Helot and then fell silent.
I considered his attempt at a description. It is not easy to name specific features of a sheep. I also wanted to ask Helot what he meant by the sheep’s beauty in the usual sense. Allele is a real beauty, and I understood (although did not share) the feelings of any ram infatuated with her. Natasha and Helot meanwhile enthusiastically described their lost partners. M Goatsmilker learned from their stories that Buridan’s tongue was soft as silk, that Allele had dramatic eyes, that Buridan’s muscles were hard as iron, and Allele’s wool was softer than crêpe de chine. A stream of pathos reached the Envoy’s ears. Raising my head and glancing at the blue expanse of the Mediterranean, I was almost ready to see the waves of the sheep’s wool, and I turned back to observe the ass’s legs instead of the Alps. 
M Goatsmilker listened to their meaningless adulations; patience was another one of his professional qualities. He ordered coffee and sandwiches, and went on inquiring about “our dear, hee-baa-haw, refugees.”
I got tired of sitting. My body required physical activity, at least some movement, so when Goatsmilker left I also went for a walk. At the southern end of the park I admired the sea and the sails scattered over its surface, then looked down on Monaco and Monte Carlo and up towards the Roman Monument and after that sauntered back to my table. The visitors were already bustling around. Some came to sit and stare (or enjoy the losses and grief of their fellows), others led or carried a variety of creatures: dogs and goats on leashes, fish in aquariums, birds in cages and a poisonous snake in a transparent box. Interesting questions were whirring in my head: how anyone could lose a goldfish, how fish escape from an aquarium or pool and am I not the only humanist engaged in subversive activities in Europe?
Suddenly I caught sight of two familiar faces. Both Sergeant Doll and Captain Faulkner were in civilian suits and both wore dull cotton breeches and short-sleeved shirts (grey for the sergeant and pink for his boss). They looked almost identical (the sergeant being taller), and both had the same feigned carefree expressions on their physiognomies. They walked towards me along a parallel path. Something had to be done. If they were to grab Helot here, Natasha would be upset. The best way was to tell the policemen unequivocally, ‘I am here and ready to intervene!’ Having crossed over to their path, I greeted the sergeant with, “Hello Aaron!” Doll jerked and turned away while I met the evil stare of his superior. I stood in their way, blocking passage. Captain Faulkner lifted the finger stumps to his face and the duo stopped then turned their backs to me. I escorted them to their table.
I had to change my location, move closer to those two. It is not only the traffic rules the Envoy violates with impunity. No one prevents me from shadowing representatives of the law and eavesdropping on their conversations!
We sat at the corners of an equilateral triangle: the police, their prey and myself. Is Natasha aware that her childhood classmate is the captain of the metropolitan police? Arthur must know that Captain Faulkner and Sasha Sokolov are one and the same person. What evidence do I have? The three amputated fingers? Or was it a figment of her husband’s imagination? He, having seen a fingerless police officer, made up a sentimental story? I don’t believe in a fictional origin of his memoirs. Although there is no proof, I am sure that Captain Faulkner was the boy Sokolov who once lived in Nizhny Novgorod. Well, one circumstantial evidence does exist, thereby confirming my hypothesis – they carry similar names, just one in English and the other in Russian. He was too proud to abandon his brand!
Captain Faulkner ordered two cups of tea with milk. When the waiter left, showing contempt for the clients, he summoned the sergeant not to lose sight of Natasha and Helot and memorise everyone approaching them. He had the insolence to say that Doll should not worry “about the type with the silly face and a bald head,” noting that he’d prefer me not to be there, but there was nothing to be done since I did not answer to their department.
“Cuckoo, sir! You found a fugitive and his accomplice,” the sergeant said, “when everyone was searching the other end of Europe. You have an amazing, cuckoo, intuition.”
“It’s easy, sergeant,” the captain replied with a smug look on his face, “They always look in wrong places. Cock-a-doodle-doo. Yesterday I got a report that the Taminsky woman had lost her donkey, and another one stating that a sheep named Allele had disappeared. Easy as pie, cock-a-doodle-doo, sergeant! You should remember this place well. Do you have other species in your family? Cock-a-doodle?”
“I have not, sir. Cuckoo. Not yet although I hope there will be soon.”
“No need to make excuses sergeant! Our society does not condemn, cock-a-doodle-doo, citizens living with partners of their own kind. But you have to understand that your human partner has the same biological value as a goat! Humanism – that is what we are waging a war against sergeant! We must not forget that in the course of the lifecidal centuries they – humanists! – destroyed most of the living entities on the planet. This should not happen again! Cock-a-doodle-doo!”
“Yes, sir! This will not, cuckoo, reoccur! Ever! Allow me, cuckoo, sir?”
“What else, sergeant?”
“Let me arrest the fugitive! I can do cuckoo right here. We can take the woman too as she’s assisting the offender! Cuckoo?”
I opened the backpack and caressed the trigger of my faithful friend. If he gives such a command, there will be one less fake cuckoo in the Capital of Europe. However, Captain Faulkner defused a potential armed conflict.
“Sergeant, cock-a-doodle-do what I say! I give the orders here!”
There was a pause. The captain went silent, but after a moment he explained the delicacy of the situation to his subordinate.
“Sergeant, cock-a-doodle-doo, do not forget – the Envoy is present! He can go crazy. Look at his shoulder bag – you bet he has some gear in there. Cock-a-doodle-doo, it is not even that idiot humanist! You are not familiar with all the facts, so I forgive your improper zeal!”
“Thank you, sir! I’m sorry, sir! Cuckoo, sir!”
“Good cock-a-doodle-doo. Dead easy to arrest an evading Chosen. We could bag and take such a cock-a-doodle-doo to the Farm in no time. The preferred outcome for the society, our department and for the coward himself. Sure, if resisting he must be destroyed.”
“Paragraph 54, cuckoo, vis-à-vis chapter 14. ‘The equality of life forms in the production and utilisation of natural protein resources authorises representatives of the law to disrupt vital activities impeding the legally binding provision of food,’” parroted the sergeant.
“That’s right, sergeant. Elementary. Quite a different cock-a-doodle-doo matter is to expose and detain a humanist!”
I did not have time to turn down the volume and Doll’s thunderous voice impacted my eardrums.
“Any individual pursuing a policy aimed at the establishing and ensuring the superiority of the species Homo sapiens or promoting such policies should be considered a humanist!”
“Cock-a-doodle-doo! Good, sergeant. Go no further cock-a-doodle,” interrupted the captain’s voice. “It is important to understand, cock-a-doodle-doo, the phenomenon itself and its legal consequences. Humanism is the most serious of all the felonies. The law requires extreme measures against humanists.”
I noticed how the sergeant cast a nasty look in my direction at this point and his captain confirmed the observation.
“No sergeant, we are forced to endure this one for political reasons.”
“Cuckoo sir, then you suppose they are, cuckoo, humanists?”
“One of them, cock-a-doodle-doo – only one. It’s easy to suspect Vladimir. However, my experience tells that humanists do not cock-a-doodle-doo from the Equality Farm! On top of that there’s my intuition. Now sergeant! We should not rush! We could not undertake the liquidation either. The law obliges us to hand over the suspect to the judiciary even if it involves risk to our lives. Besides, we don’t have any hard evidence at the moment.”
“Yes sir! We’ve no right to make mistakes sir! Cuckoo!”
“Watch them, sergeant, and I’ll go and get more tea. Do you want some?”
“Thank you, sir, there is still enough, cuckoo, left.”
Captain Faulkner abruptly walked away from the table and I switched to my wards. They debated whether to stay or leave. At that moment, Monsieur Goatsmilker, smiling and beaming, brought them a sheep. He led her with an exaggerated care, whispering something in the animal’s ear and stroking her fleece.
“Allele! Allele!”
Helot jumped up to meet them, but immediately sank back upon realising his mistake. Monsieur Goatsmilker continued to drag the animal to the table.
“Your sheep-friend, baa, a little confused; so are you,” he said, “It’s an unforeseen separation and now the shock of reuniting with your love. It takes time to regain the equilibrium. Look at her! Trust my experience – many interspecies partners do not recognise each other at first meeting after a separation. We call it, baa-baa, love’s lost memory. We have nice apartments to recover those loving memories.”
“But no, it’s not Allele!” protested Helot.
M Goatsmilker was forced to apologise. “Mistakes do happen. Please, do not, baa, despair. Have a rest and have a drink, talk to your colleague. I will be back soon. I’ll only pop into, baa, the emergency room and advise our search group. Maybe the real Allele is already there.” M Goatsmilker left, taking the sheep with him. He returned five minutes later, this time with a donkey. The beast resisted, but Goatsmilker touched him with a gloved hand and the animal obediently trotted as directed.
“Hee-haw! Look who’s coming! Look who has returned to us!” shouted M Goatsmilker joyfully.
Of course Natasha did not recognise this one. The scene repeated itself, with the difference that this beast was larger and more aggressive. 
“He’s not Buridan! You see it very well M Goatsmilker!”
“I see a donkey,” he said, “how can I say which one is yours? You yourself couldn’t point to a single distinctive mark or feature.”
“Don’t you have anyone else who could be Allele?” asked Natasha.
“No, no more sheep or donkeys!”
“Maybe someone will come tomorrow?” tried Helot.
“Dear friends! Tomorrow, or the day after tomorrow, baa and hee-haw! Creatures who have lost their friends are coming to us every day, every night. Our hotel is at your service. Just wait for 20 minutes while I prepare your rooms.”
After that finale, I turned to the cops. To camouflage my activity, I showed them my profile and put on the sunglasses. Captain Faulkner stopped a passing waiter.
“Woof! How can I help? Would you like more water?”
“Cock-a-doodle-doo! Will they stay here?” He pointed at Natasha.
“Woof-woof. Like the others. A few days until they reunite with their dears or get tired of waiting, or meet new darlings. There are many opportunities. Check with Monsieur Goatsmilker.”
“Good cock-a-doodle-doo! Two more teas, cock-a-doodle, on the police department.” 
Captain Faulkner drank his third cup. The sergeant obviously preferred something stronger. I thought about the oddities of the game of nature. Captain Faulkner loves tea, same as Lev, and Aaron Doll probably wants a drink – like me – but I am not a sergeant and the police captain is not Dr Bouni. The voice of Captain Faulkner interrupted my reflections.
“If the suspects stick around here, cock-a-doodle-doo, we’ll find it difficult to manage. Taminsky could find her lost partner and leave Vladimir. He might meet a new friend with the same outcome. These two must stay together! Sergeant!”
“Cuckoo! I am ready sir.”
“We need them to leave the Dating Hotel.”
“The Hotel of the Lost Friends, sir?”
“Sergeant, you are too cock-a-doodle-doo discourteous! It is insolent to correct a senior officer! Unless it is something important, but even then I would refrain from correcting anyway. They should leave the place! They should resume the search together! Although maybe not in such comfortable conditions. This will bring them closer! Are you cock-a-doodle-doo, sergeant?”
“They’ll get closer, sir! They will give away their criminal intentions and then—”
“That’s right, sergeant. When we find irrefutable evidence of her humanism everything will be cock-a-doodle-doo! Do you hear me?”
“Cuckoo, sir.”
Sargent Doll walked over to Natasha and Helot.
“Cuckoo! Central Police Department. Sorry to disturb you but we are looking for a Chosen creature who left the Equality Farm. Please provide your IDs.
Natasha said, “You should know me. My father is Mr Taminsky, the Attorney General. He will vouch for both of us.”
“Cuckoo! I know who your father is. No need to involve him at this stage. He’ll be informed as required by law.”
“We don’t have any papers with us,” said Natasha, “if you’ll have further questions we’re staying at this hotel.”
“Cuckoo. I request you to be available. One of our officers, cuckoo, may visit you tomorrow morning. Cuckoo!”
After the last warbling the sergeant moved to another table and I heard Helot’s trembling voice.
“We got nicked?”
“Well, yes, almost. We need to get out of here quick.”
“You stay. Take a rest, there is no problem with you. Buridan may come at any moment.”
“Great idea! That would be the best proof of our guilt. What does that amount to? You studied law.”
“You would get a couple years in prison, perhaps more. I, if it comes to court – but such cases rarely do – might get a quiet return to the Farm or liquidation. The slaughterhouse must be clean, because no one wants to eat spoiled product.”
“The Equality Farm is not a slaughterhouse! Lawlessness reigned in those places – humanists destroyed life there! You should not use such comparisons!”
“Sure. Whatever. Anyway, I’ll be there soon enough.”
“Everything – all you say – is wrong. Go!”
“You’re right.”
“Quick. Let’s go.”
“Wait, I’ll pay for coffee.”
“Let the police send our bills to Dad. He’ll enjoy it – it’ll be a good occasion to pronounce another dictum.”

Chapter 12  The Identification of Bodies
We safely reached Nice, marched to the sea and ended up on the shore. Waves rolled against our feet stirring the pebbles. I tried to find at least one witch stone, which supposedly averts bad luck, but fished out only gravel. Natasha and Helot ignored me – they considered the Envoy as a means of transportation and nothing more. I should have got up and waved goodbye.
Once upon a time (which in fact was rather recent) this place was a public beach. Here people swam and sunbathed. Without fear, they exposed their beautiful, ugly and ordinary bodies to the Sun and immersed them in the seawater. In those bygone times there were no obnoxious denizens on the shore except for the occasional rat. Now – in these different times – there appeared feral creatures (if it is permissible to call full citizens of the European Union of Life ‘feral’) in their multitude and the real wild beasts soon arrived. They all treat the urban coast of the Mediterranean as their territory. Not surprisingly, the number of humans wishing to spend time here under the resplendent southern Sun greatly diminished. The waves, however, affectionately rustled the pebbles, and the Sun – just like in the good old days – fell behind us and Natasha with her associate seemed to forget about the coastal menaces. I didn’t hear any croaking or bleating. Maybe she was embarrassed to croak in the company of the Helot-ram and he to bleat in front of her. I wanted her to croak! Croak now! You are a crow, and one not like the others. You are not an ordinary black crow and neither am I – we are birds of a feather! It all began making sense. At last I sorted out my feelings – she and I are the two white crows of Europe! Bloody hell – they shouted like mad! 
Around 10 feet from me a wolf-like dog emerged like a monster from the sea. The animal sucked in air and growled deep in its throat. I dipped my hand into the backpack lying on my knees, clicked the revolver’s safety off and got ready. If he’d jumped I would have hardly managed to free my hand and shoot. Get the gun out now, my mind screamed. The dog would dash before. It only remained to cover my throat with the other hand and shoot point-blank when it would be on my chest. The hound once again growled and trotted away along the coast. Apparently he had a full stomach or was in a good mood, or maybe he rather liked me. Alas, I suspected ill intentions and took to arms, but as a humanist I had the right to doubt.
“Do you think he wanted something from us?” Natasha asked.
What should I say? Such a silly question. It was odd that she even put such a question to me as a humanist. Maybe it was rhetorical. However, Helot undertook to provide the answer instead of the Envoy, the dog and all the representatives of the biosphere. First, he noted, “We will never find out.” Then he declared, “All living things want something.” An example of unicellular organisms could refute the latter statement, but I preferred not to contradict him. He did not let up. Cowards love to philosophise. With an air of a discoverer, he explained that people created languages, and, with more mumbling, added, “Mankind has always lived by self-deception!” Who knows? Maybe he was right.
In recognition of the philosophical delights of her new friend, Natasha brought up the latest achievements of science. It turned out that the sages had revealed non-sounding languages and speechless cultures in some life forms.
I just listened and did not intervene because I liked her dialect, voice, movements, arms, legs, eyes… everything except her ears. Well, you can close your eyes to the aesthetics of ears. It is much easier to overlook ugly, unsuitable ones than any other part of the body but you cannot overlook such a voice as that of Helot.
“Science tells you nonsense,” said the unpleasant tone, “it is impossible to study something that does not exist such as the languages of animals, but scientists are doing just that. Isn’t it better to recognise the futility of all languages?”
Too bad my dear friend Colombina Pyrate was not around. She’d have stood up for science. He’d walk the streets with a black eye for the next two weeks. Alas, the world is devoid of perfection – there was no way to materialise the passionate defender of science there on the beach. I had to listen to the banal nonsense of the philosopher evading his societal duty.
“Most living things do without scientific knowledge. Science is illusory. It is the last relic of a humanistic society.”
Do I want to shoot Helot? It would be so easy to do. Easier to slay him than the donkey. Call him out, lead him 100 yards from Natasha and blame the death on the police. Still, I looked at his physiognomy, his nervous hands raking the pebbles, and I got sick and tired. I didn’t even want anyone else to kill him. True, I am a complete and incorrigible humanist. Yet I would not mind if he disappeared, and I stayed on the shore full of dangers with Natasha. Helot did not disappear and continued to impress her with quotes from classics.
“The Illusion has sent the Messengers all over the world: Arts for the highest; alcohol and childbearing for the mediocre.”
Science was not mentioned, but it was possible that an unknown to me philosopher by the name of Zhuk, who created the maxim, considered it an integral part of the Arts. One should be fair to Helot. After all, he was a miserable hunted human being and it was not his fault that Natasha, despite my merits, was in no hurry to notice me. It is possible that other than her deformed ears she has deficient taste. Sure. We are two white crows, or rather a crow and a raven from another world. 
Then I realised – she did not care about him either. They did not even see each other! They were two egoists washed up on the seashore. Each one had lost a toy, an illusion. It happened in the same room at the exact same moment. After crying for a bit they recognised each other as the means of finding their lost phantasms. The longer they searched the closer and dearer they became to one another. Logic mercilessly led me to an unsatisfactory conclusion. When convinced of the loss of their former playthings, they would have no choice but to embrace the nearest ghost. I had no chance! I have never been an illusory being – I am the real and therefore unloved White Raven. Alas, I made a mistake, an unforgivable error. If only, after shooting Buridan I had picked up Allele and brought her to Helot, then he would have had no chance! 
And suddenly he had a whim – an idiotic proposition. “Let’s go swimming. It must be good here!”
“First we should find our loved ones,” reasoned Natasha, “…and besides, criminal eaters of life are coming closer and closer to the shore. They are too many here in the Bay. We cannot risk it.”
“Better to be eaten by a shark than to end up on a sterile farm!” objected the coward who wanted to look like a hero.
“You mustn’t say such a thing!”
It was getting dark. A large shadow flickered in the water 20 feet from the shore. There was a splash and horrible cry of an unknown victim. Natasha rose from the pebbles. 
“Come on, time to go.”
“I’ve no idea where to,” said Helot, “Maybe they are no longer together. Maybe they parted. Here, by the sea, everything that happened seems so far away. It was a different life then.”
“They are together! If Allele had left him, Buridan would have come back to me. Only Allele! Only she was able to tear us apart!”
“You don’t know her! You have never even met my Allele!”
“No, I have not met her but what’s the difference? I know how you love her. She alone could lead Buridan away. Now I understand, almost understand, what love is meant to be.”
Natasha was entering her pathetic stage. At that moment it dawned on me that pathos is her key mental condition which she uses to reach practical decisions. I was not mistaken.
“I know where they are,” she declared. 
“Then we must go there,” Helot acknowledged.
“It will be unbearable, but we must go through this. How good – how good, Vladimir, that we are together.”
“You’re right. There is no other place to look. They are no more.”
“They are no more, but they are together,” concluded Natasha, “they are dead. And we fools were looking for them at that fake hotel. We have to see the bodies of our beloved.”
“A civilised society has many advantages,” said the fugitive savant, “One of them is that all bodies end up in the same place. To find the dead is as easy as to lose the living.”
After these words and a short pause I heard a peeing sound. Natasha was relieving herself prior to the conclusion of the search. After another minute they turned their attention to a nearby living thing. “The Envoy won’t refuse to take us to the morgue,” said Helot. And I did not refuse.

* * *

We stayed in the morgue for an hour; the visit was a success. Surprisingly, I worried no less than they did. I don’t remember the venue, its decor, names of the secretary or the doctor with whom I communicated. 
First, we came to a clean, almost sterile room, and they were questioned about the missing. They answered describing their dear partners with a complete lack of individual traits. It turned out there were three donkey cadavers and as many sheep in the morgue.
“You’ll need to identify your dear departed ones,” said the clerk wearing a white coat and cap. “I must warn you that for some people the correct identification of the dead bodies of other species can be… challenging.”
Natasha assured the employee that she would certainly recognise her darling. Helot also nodded in the affirmative. We moved into a similar but slightly larger room. They held hands. Two members of staff rolled out a cart with a carcass covered by a white sheet. With habitual sadness on their faces, they pulled it back to reveal a dead donkey. A corpse lay with its head and legs stretched out, its hooves protruded beyond the shiny metal edge. I am not good at remembering even human faces, therefore identifying a dead animal was beyond me. Natasha, however, recognised her lifeless love instantly.
“Buridan, my precious…”
Her voice trembled and this time it was devoid of pathos. I think an invisible to me (I stood behind her) tear run down her cheek. She stroked the deceased’s head while over her shoulder I tried to examine the body, fearing to see a bullet hole. The trolley was too far away; I saw nothing but a dull grey hide and a woman’s hand moving over it. When Natasha stepped back, the nurses with the same solemnity covered the carcass and took it to the womb of the morgue. When the turn of Helot came, I – not doubting the outcome – did not bother to look at the sheep’s remains. He recognised Allele from first glance. 
The widowed duo embraced, stood for a good five minutes linked by a mutual grief then parted without disengaging their hands and remained motionless with their heads down for another minute or so.
“We knew they were dead. We expected nothing else. Now we are two lonely orphans, we’re desolate,” whispered Natasha.
The signing of documents identifying the deceased citizens of the European Union of Life followed, then the organisation of the funerals.
“Cremation,” Natasha said with confidence.
She paid the costs. Afterwards we once again found ourselves on the street under the full Moon. The huge disc, washed out by the city lights, hung overhead. They left without saying goodbye to the no longer needed Envoy. Still, I was pleased with myself because I did two things. First, I tagged Helot (like Buridan) with a microchip. I fired a shot the moment he was signing the protocol regarding Allele’s body and a chip entered the flesh of his left buttock. I knew that from now on I could track them. Then, as a confidant of the grieving citizens, I spoke with the doctor in charge and found out that the donkey identified by Natasha had died under the wheels of a cargo trailer near Cannes, and the sheep had been killed with two shots from a small calibre rifle by an unknown assailant in the Menton area. 
Standing at the open door of my Golf, I wondered how Natasha recognised Buridan’s body. I was inclined to accept the only possible explanation. Having lost her plaything, she subconsciously decided not to wait for its return and switched to a new, equally ridiculous and illusory one – the fugitive Helot. Had she not also swapped her boyfriend Sokolov for Sokolovsky… and how many more unknown to me attractions she changed in her life? Well, that implied that I could still compete for her attention. It was a matter of getting rid of Helot and staying close by. Better still, there was no need to take any steps. Soon he will be taken to the Farm. All that was required of me was to wait for his arrest and then remove Natasha from the clutches of the police. I squared my shoulders and smiled at the pale Moon.

Chapter 13  The Union of the Formula
We live in strange times. Our ancestors experienced nothing like this. To our descendants it will look like the only possible universe. As for ourselves, we have to accept and adapt – there is no time to think about the oddities of the new world order. If somebody had observed us from outside, I do not know what he or she would have said, and fortunately or unfortunately such an observation is impossible. Well, my judgment – the view of the Envoy of the Humanists living in an alien society is the closest to what we could consider as that of an outsider. And it seems to me this world should look repulsive to any observer. How could it not! People eat people and do it not out of necessity, not from lack of food and not because they are villains, perverts or hereditary cannibals. No – civilised people process the flesh of other civilised human beings into food products to ensure the continuity of justice.
Was it not possible to create another just and fair society? A society where no one threatens anyone, or at least where people do not eat each other, as well as cows, sheep, fish, et cetera? The previous civilisation, in its transitional period, had all the prerequisites for building such a system. And it was not at all necessary for everyone to become vegetarian! Such sacrifices are counterproductive. Science could well have ensured affordable food, and its taste would be no worse than the Solidarity Mince. Here I make an assumption, since I have not tasted either product. However, I clearly see the department of Professor Corsair and Dr Pyrate developing synthetic products with the tastes of pork cod, salmon and venison. If they only received grants. Perhaps the creative mind of Colombina Pyrate, unsatisfied with routine, would jump to more profound, more fundamental issues. For example, she could grow artificial hides and horns to supplement synthetic meat and preserve traditional flavours of European butchers.
Dreams are just dreams. Only things that exist are true and fair. Artificial aliments could not solve the global problems that arose in the preceding culture. By switching to synthetics, European humanists had been able to provide artificial victuals for their growing population while abandoned herds of cattle would have shrunk and inevitably disappeared. Massive and senseless extinction of various breeds and species would occur. People would continue to consume fabricated beef, ersatz pork and faux lamb meat, therefore not slaughtering animals, but insulting the disappearing from the face of the Earth creatures by cruel terms.
Still, was it not possible to support herds, flocks, schools and swarms? To allocate resources for this noble purpose, to redirect the funds of international banks? It was challenging and difficult to implement, but conceivable.
However, even succeeding in such a philanthropic project would not restore justice. The problem of biological justice has several aspects, but only one looks important to me. This historical aspect I find to be the most convincing. For thousands of years people exploited (and killed) all kinds of living things for their selfish humanistic purposes. The mere cessation of this animacidal (aka the systematic murdering of animals) activity would not restore justice and atone for the crimes we have already committed. The refusal to eat sisters and brothers standing at lower stages of evolution, the transition to synthetic or plant-based nutrition (which raises the question of the value of plants’ life) would be nothing but the act of humanistic snobbery and arrogance. And, of course, the idea of any compensation is ridiculous! Financial compensation to the species enslaved by humankind? Payment to the fauna of planet Earth? Thus the only morally and economically acceptable solution was the one reached in Europe that spread to most of the world. 
In the early years of this new society, the proportion of human meat in the Solidarity Mince was widely debated. An influential ‘Our Duty’ movement emerged and demanded an immediate atonement for the guilt of Homo sapiens by 90 percent humanisation of all meat products. However, calculations of leading ecologists and economists employed by the European Parliament demonstrated that such an excess would have a negative impact on the state of the economy and lead to decades of global depression.
Mathematics finally solved this and other problems of the new biocratic society. Sam Nightingale, a young mathematician from the northeast of Ireland, produced an equation that made it possible to calculate the percentage composition of the components in the Solidarity Mince and to conduct a fair, justified selection of Europeans for the Farm. As a result Nightingale’s Formula, or, as it became customary to call it, ‘The Formula,’ became the hub of the biocratic civilisation. 
Humanism is doomed. To care for humans because we ourselves belong to humankind? To care for a single species because it is the most intelligent and the fittest? Caring for the rest only as far as they are useful to us? Why should we care for people? Those who multiply threatening to fill the Earth’s space and leave no room for others do not deserve care. Humanism is based on false premises; in essence it is religion, a pathetic faith in which they replaced God by the most active representative of the fauna.
So who am I? Having lived a year and a half among the cannibals, have I ceased to be a humanist? Have I accepted their ideology and became ready to chew hamburgers containing human flesh? No, I am nothing like that! They may be right, but their truths and justices are flat! And I do not want to live on a two-dimensional plane – I simply refuse! Although I cannot avoid moving on their level and although I cannot find the third dimension of life, I know that it exists. And long live humanism – another surface of our flat world. Despite everything I am a humanist – a humanist of the imperfect but real world. I am the one who accepts the hypocrisy and falsehood of his own faith, the one surviving without logic. I am a humanist because I want to be one, but I do not need the entire world to be humanistic. Whatever exists is fine with me! I like the way this world works. I like that people consume each other, supporting biological justice and reducing the population growth in such a simple and efficient way. And I like that there is an island of humanistic civilisation where nothing like that happens; where almost all my friends and relatives have settled. But most of all I like to be the Envoy of the Humanitarian States in the biocratic society of the European Union of Life. I enjoy my nondiplomatic immunity, I enjoy the flow of European life, I bask in the southern Sun and stroll along Alpine trails.
I do not cease to rejoice in my special situation: I am a humanist but no one persecutes me. I am the Envoy of the Humanists – an exemplary messenger of the ugly part of humanity, a being devoid of the concepts of equality and justice. And even if I’m not a convinced humanist, I’m still marked with the stigma of this aberration. Arguably, to affirm my status I could carry out meat eating openly. I could hunt day and night, bring shot citizens (domestic and wild animals) to my residence, skin them in the yard and store the steaks and bones in a fridge-freezer. 
If I only dared to go hunting, I’d be like a medieval baron! What land is at my disposal! Vast forests and dales teeming with game! Why not hunt then? Not that I can’t shoot and kill. After all I shot the ass, but it never occurred to me to eat him! And not because he was a donkey. If he were a bull or a ram I wouldn’t taste him either. The ability to kill and to consume a murdered creature is not the same. We humanists eat the flesh of fish and mammals and if necessary kill them. However, few among us are capable of combining both acts into one continuous process. Previously it was common practice: a farmer slaughtered his cherished piglets and calves and lambs and chickens, processed their bodies and ate them at the family table. Then society took a path of dividing labour: stalls became separated from slaughterhouses and kitchens, those who raise livestock parted company with those who kill, butcher and sell. The consumption of life being divided into many stages ceased to be felt as the killing and eating of creatures. And I, a modern humanist, am too weak to combine all these stages in my residence.
In a biocratic society a new twist took place: the whole process returned to one singular place – the Equality Farm. There, the chosen individuals gather and prepare themselves for common use. They slaughter, skin, butcher, process and produce the final product – the Solidarity Mince. This is evolution. Why should I intervene in its course? In order not to betray my principles, it is enough to remove the human component from their stuff. Thanks to the technology developed by my priceless friend, such an elimination has become routine.

* * *

To Mercantour, to the Alps, from the capital of the European Union, from the cramped life, to the Vallée des Merveilles (‘Valley of Marvels’). Normally no one invites me anywhere – not even the Taminskys. I come to their house and they are happy; they accept and entertain, but they have never invited me. The reason is obvious: I am the Envoy of Humanists. 
And there it was – the first invitation. I received it from Arthur the day after my trip to the morgue with Natasha and Helot. We lunched as always sitting at adjacent tables. This time he was alone. We exchanged trivial small talk while drinking coffee. Unexpectedly Arthur turned to me and asked if I would go to a meeting of the Union of the Formula, and if so could I give a lift to Maria Green. The invitation was not formal, was not even an invitation as such, but an unambiguous allusion to the desirability of my presence. I expressed my willingness and Arthur gave me the address of the venue for the upcoming event.
So Maria wanted to go with me. It appeared that Benjamin was not a member of the Union. She herself wouldn’t have a permit to own a car or the ability to maintain it. But how has she become a member of such a privileged club? My guess was Arthur and their special relations. I contemplated the rapports between Benjamin, Maria and Arthur, made certain conclusions and decided that they did not concern me much.
Everything is fine about Maria. She has two legs, articulating mouth, no hide or feathers, she meows very sexily and her outfit emphasise everything deserving attention. When she sank into the seat next to me, I was so pleased with her company that I placed my hand on her knee. However, Maria misjudged my gesture. Alas, the status of the Envoy instils in many women a false idea that I am not like other men! Yet, I am no worse than Benjamin, maybe a little older, but I am younger, fitter and more handsome than Arthur Taminsky. 
Throughout the first half of the journey she was doing her makeup, then yawned, although she did not fall asleep. Then the mountain roads began and we had to climb up through the endless hairpin spirals. At that point Maria turned out to be a worthless fellow traveller – over two hours and 40 minutes of the drive I heard from her only monosyllabic ‘yeah’ and ‘naa.’ Even as the most impressive mountain panoramas opened she was not showing a slightest bit of excitement. When we approached Casterino, she no longer appeared to me worthy of attention. I realised that her attractive looks only shielded a lack of sensuality and appreciation of beauty. 
In Casterino at the parking lot (between a mountainous stream and log chalets) I wished her a pleasant time. Maria responded civilly: thanked me for the company, extended her hand and was in no hurry to turn her back. I thought that maybe on the way up she was in a bad mood that had improved on arrival, or she was dizzy in the car or she was on her period. Perhaps I should have offered her the back seat. I admit that selfishness and desire to follow momentary impulses distract me from the outside world, often not allowing me to notice and evaluate the states of those around me.
It was pleasant in the mountains: only 20 degrees and the air was special – light and fragrant. Breathing was so smooth and enjoyable that for some minutes I hung about in the parking lot next to the Golf, smiling at the emptiness above the summits.

* * *

People are not only pathetic they are also fictitious creatures. Both our souls and minds are deceitful. We gather in congregations and talk about the common good, pretending it worries us more than our own interests. While we merge and confabulate, for a moment we may forget ourselves, show some care (at least superficially) to others and contemplate this common good. For the sake of such collective pretence, we create clubs and parties. We also come up with party-like religions. The Lord God, if he exists (why not assume that?), probably looks at our gatherings and grins or cries, and surely his laughter and weeping express the same thing untold.
The Union of the Formula gathered in the Vallée des Merveilles. Where else, if not here, in the place where 20,000 inscriptions and formulas were created 20,000 years ago by unknown representatives of humanity. It is only an hour walk from Casterino to the valley: up and up via a decent mountain road through forests, among tall grasses and huge boulders. Members of the Union housed themselves in the village in comfortable rooms of two-story chalets. Here assembled the cream of the metropolitan society and representatives of other regions. Anyone accepting the Formula may join its Union. And who in their right mind would deny it? Not to recognise the Formula is just as ridiculous as to reject the Sun and the Moon. There are, however, exclusions for membership: members of the European Parliament are not allowed in the Union, as well as representatives of some other legislative and executive bodies. Also, the idea of the Formula is not accessible to many creatures from various walks of life.
Having inhaled plenty of mountain air, I headed to my hotel: climbed onto a plank platform in front of the chalet, opened the door and ended up in the lobby. A blonde of acceptable age with her hair pulled into a bun and a stud in her left ear met, hugged and kissed me on the lips. I felt as if I had returned home from long wanderings. To my slight disappointment, the kiss was fleeting and did not involve assiduity. Instead, she attempted to greet me in two or three dialects until finding out that we could communicate in English, French or a mixture there of.
“Here are your vestments, please,” she said, and handed me a square piece of cloth with three holes.
She herself was dressed in a similar thing, so instructions were superfluous. One cut for the head and two for the arms. I took the clothing and put it on, threading the corresponding parts of myself through the apertures. The grey-green fabric embroidered with the letter ‘A’ had a small badge with the inscription ‘Humanist Envoy.’ The girl smoothed the robe on me. Reaching just below my knees it felt pleasant and comfortable.
“You are welcomed by the Union of the Formula for the first time, so you have the ‘A’ sign – the last letter of the word formula,” the girl spoke, retreating from me, “The sign will change with each new invitation-step, until you reach the ‘F’ thereby becoming a full member of the Union. If you don’t like the colour of your tunic, you may request a different one; just fill in the form here at reception.”
She again kissed me and held out the key for my room. A new guest was approaching and I had to go. Before heading in the indicated direction, I looked in the mirror. The flowing tunic wrap did not hide but rather emphasised my slim and strong figure. I was in shorts, so my sunburned calves were exposed and the sandals were in harmony with a blurred colour of the fabric. A short greying beard, a shiny head and protruding bones of the skull made me look like a patrician from the heyday of the Roman Republic. The ‘A’ on the chest looked fantastic – it testified to the beginning, to the novelty, to the forward impulse, and I had no desire to replace it with any other letter. There was a badge on the tunic showing my social (or extra-social) status, but surprisingly this ‘Humanist Envoy’ looked neither humiliating nor negative. Here I was just an Envoy and a humanist, differing from my colleagues, but like all of them accepting the greatness of the Formula. 

* * *

Having left my belongings in the room, I went for a walk. The first person I met was Colombina Pyrate who flaunted an ‘F’ on her tunic. An inevitable hug followed and then she kissed me on the lips – one of the longest kisses of my life. It was aggravated by the absence under her tunic of any underwear normal for civilised society. When disentangled from her embrace I came to my senses, she stroked my cheek, then forehead and introduced me to the local custom.
“My sweet humanist, get ready! Everyone has every right and obligation to kiss you on the lips today. You are an ‘A,’ and all of us should welcome you like that into our Union. And you are expected to answer likewise!”
After these words she repeated the ritual and I had no choice but to surrender to the inevitable. On the way back, three more members of the Union smooched me even though I had not had time to introduce myself. After washing my face and rinsing my mouth, I considered the situation. It compelled me to adapt – the whole village, all the chalets were booked by the Union and more greetings could not be avoided. Well, so be kisses. The only threat was to catch some infection, but the possibility of fun was also emerging. I looked in the mirror, squared my shoulders, smoothed out my tunic and prepared to accept life in all of its manifestations; then I went in search of Maria Green. 
In the car park in front of my hotel there were already hundreds of vehicles and guests were strolling around. Most were labelled ‘F,’ with some other letters interspersed, but I did not notice a single ‘A.’ The only newcomer walked along a row of houses and accepted due salutes. Past the parking lot and across the stream, I looked around. It was less crowded there and I noticed them right away – Maria and Arthur settled on the grass in the shade of a deciduous tree. At my approach, Arthur said, “Judging by the traces on your front, you’ve already become familiar with our custom of meeting newcomers.” Our lips moved forward and parted without touching. Then came my finest moment. Maria had ‘O’ on her chest and she had to start the greeting so I advanced and continued it until a sad thought of the imperfection of such a beautiful custom impaired my lips. I turned to Arthur. He stood with his back to us and tried to enjoy the mountain air. I noticed facetiously that the absence of Benjamin relieved us of a scene of jealousy.
The rite finished, we crouched on the grass under the tree. I asked to explain what should happen tomorrow at the meeting.
“Oh, that cannot be explained,” said Arthur, “you must see, feel, embrace and absorb everything as it happens.”
“Well, at least tell me why I can’t see a single sheep or donkey? There are only humanoids around and no one speaks Langlife.” 
“But it’s not strange for me,” Maria intervened, “I like it here so much. Such a bunch suits me.”
Her voice became high pitched and she darted glances at me. It could be the Alpine air affecting her, but more likely it was our caressing. I liked her more and more. Meanwhile Arthur waved to someone on the other side of the stream and, turning to me, said that the absence of other species at the meetings of the Union was legitimate.
“The garments we wear on these occasions have three slots; these are so arranged that tunics do not fit other representatives of the fauna. If tunics were suitable for donkeys or cows, then certainly, but so far they have to be content with the status of Corresponding Members of the Union. Last year, Vasily the gorilla was invited, but, alas, he tore his tunic to pieces on the very first day. As for our speech here – it would be immoral to use the language of life when there are no others.”
The explanation was exhaustive and convincing, but I wanted to hear more.
“Why not make more holes?”
“How foolish of you! Don’t you understand?” Maria interfered, “They’re made for heads and hands!”
Arthur looked at the girl tenderly. “You are right, Maria – just for arms and head,” then he turned to me, “The slots were calculated by the Formula.”
“Oh! Now it is clear.”
I had to agree that if the holes were defined by the Formula, the Union had no right to change their number or location. The absence of animals at the congress became clear.

* * *

“Why is he sitting in the water?” I asked Arthur Taminsky who stood next to me.
“I’ll explain later, for now listen to the Creator of the Formula,” he replied.
“Why does he need to be there?” I asked Colombina.
“Shut up Envoy,” snapped Dr Pyrate.
We had stood by the mountain lake for an hour, but the veterans of the Union gave no explanations to the new fellow. All of us congregated right there on the shore – the whole crowd that had arrived at Casterino. We left our chalet at eight and in silence headed up to the valley. We ambled for more than an hour before reaching the Alpine pool. All brothers and sisters, in tunics with the status signs, were silent. I believed that a privilege of ‘A’ allowed the asking of questions. Everyone huddled in front of Dr Sam Nightingale, the Creator of the Formula. The man himself sat on a stool, installed in water six feet from the shore. Now and then he dipped his toes into the clear Alpine basin. He had Wellington boots on to avoid the cold, but otherwise was clad similar to the rest: a pink cloak with a black embroidered ‘F.’ His skinny arms protruded from the slits of the tunic, his head housed some remnants of hair and three deep farrows crossed his brow. With his legs swinging the Creator produced mini waves on the surface of the lake. He was delivering a speech on the greatness of the Formula, its services to life and the impossibility of existence without it.
“The Formula and the Farm begin with the same letter and they are inseparable in their essence. The Formula leads the Chosen to the Farm and leaves the Essential behind. We are the Essential. We recognise the Chosen only after their election.”
I felt bored by the Creator. He could have poured out the same stuff in a car park. Nightingale spoke showing no signs of wariness and no one wanted to explain to me why he had to be in the water.
“Brothers and sisters in the Union – I wrote the Formula, however, I know about it no more than you! I accept the Formula as a father accepts his grown-up child. The Formula gives us the Solidarity Mince and I am proud of it! The Formula is evolving, it changes every day, every minute, every second! When I get out of this lake, the Formula would differ from what it was when I stepped in. We do not understand how the Formula selects the Chosen and how it bypasses the Essential. Accepting the Formula does not provide its understanding.”
And so on and so forth. No one interrupted Sam Nightingale. He spoke in English with an even and humdrum voice. He did not look at the audience – only at his boots. We were in the front row. Arthur Taminsky stared down at his toes; Dr Pyrate followed the movements of the speaker’s boots. Maria chewed a blade of grass. She had to be warned about the possibility of an upset stomach, even after sucking on Alpine grass. And for this spectacle, we had to climb mountains? Irritation engulfed me, irritation with all the beautiful nature, with all the fresh air. I wanted to be elsewhere – down in a cosy residence, to sit in my chair and listen to Mlle Soya’s footsteps. But one must show respect for the rules, be prudent and maintain the status of an ‘A’ member of the Union.
Without warning Arthur Taminsky spoke in my ear, “Everything calculated by the Formula is reasonable! The Formula knows the Essential in advance and selects the Chosen from the pool of the Replaceable.” Colombina Pyrate, who had an exceptional albeit far from musical ear, whispered on my other side, “Only scientists are essential! Translation of scientists to the Essentials is the main direction of the Formula’s evolution.” I fancied stepping back to observe the result of the collision of inferences addressed to me.
“The Chosen are more precious than the Essential! The price of being Essential is higher than the value of choice!”
After this statement Nightingale fell silent. A gust of cold wind came; lightning flashed over the nearby mountain and thunder pealed overhead. The creator of the Formula leaned forward, felt the bottom of the lake with his feet, took two steps to the shore and merged with the crowd. Leaving the stool in the water, the congregation moved away from the lake. I caught up with Maria chewing another piece of weed and explained the dangers of her habit.
“You are kidding?” she said with a start.
“Seriously, I just want to avert diarrhoea.”
To support the statement, I put my hand on the lower part of her back.
“Thank you,” she spat out some green stuff and quickened her pace.
The return to Casterino proceeded in silence. A multi-coloured crowd stretched along the road for a good quarter of a mile and only pebbles scraped under the feet of the members of the Union. I felt that despite the attractions of their outfits and customs, I would not strive for the next letter.

* * *

There was not much to see from the window of my room: nothing except the foliage of trees that grew on the mountain ledge. The worst room for a humanist. Here, at the Union’s meeting – as elsewhere in Europe – discrimination against us was legal and flourishing. However, the bed was comfortable – one could lie down lengthways or across it, enjoying the silence, meditating.
Not a single member of the Union wants to become a Chosen One. Everyone feels like an Essential, and all of them are counting on the recognition of that by the Formula. Well, almost all – except for Maria. She does not care about formulas, she has too many other things on her mind even to think about the Formula. For them all is tidy in the universe. Both reasonable and scientific. Instead of God, whose existence is a moot point, there is the Formula mitigating their problems. It even evolves! It sorts them out, ‘You and you go to the Farm, but you fellows have to wait.’ They assume that the sorting and grading are rational and fair. The Union of the Formula does not accept the randomness of choice. 
Another religion? Religion of scientific elimination? Has this happened before? Justice must be either divine or at least impartial. In humanitarian communities, the will of people was omnipotent, and via its expression both a blind chance and otherworldly powers were excluded. After the fall of humanism, such type of democracy became unthinkable as the majority of creatures are devoid of reason. Fairness has to be delivered through a power independent of the wills of individuals. So here we are – the Formula! Nightingale’s Formula! Written to conduct a random selection for the Equality Farm. However, it advanced itself and the selection evolved into a logical separation of the Essential from the Chosen. That is what the Union says. 

* * *

There was a tap on the door and I invited the caller in. Arthur Taminsky filled the room. He approached the window, looked at the foliage outside and sank into a chair.
“You are the most suitable person and a family friend, so I want to ask you for a favour.”
“Of course Arthur, I will be glad.”
“I have to talk to Faulkner the police captain. He is here at the gathering. A private conversation concerning Natasha. A problem to sort out. You know about it, you were at Benjamin’s party and looked for her donkey?”
I admitted that I was there and took part in the activity mentioned. 
“I’m meeting him in a café on the terrace in 20 minutes. I’d prefer Maria not to barge in and I don’t want to send her away.”
I assured Arthur that I understood the situation.
“Please, engage her and I’ll ask her to keep an eye on you. Ha-ha!” Arthur laughed softly. I tried, as best as I could, to share his cheer.
“Thank you, Envoy. Come and sit next to Maria. And to make her less talkative, just place your hand above her knee.”
I am afraid my jaw dropped in response to the judge’s suggestion.

* * *

The air outside was rather chilly. So as to not return home with a cold, I put on a light cotton sweater underneath my tunic. Arthur reserved a secluded table with a decent view. Sitting with my back to a log wall of a chalet, I faced a waterfall that fed a stream running along the far side of the car park. I ordered a choux-cake and coffee. Captain Faulkner asked for tea, Maria decided on dry white wine and Arthur took the same.
“I am glad,” said Arthur to the captain, “you have not refused to chat to the old judge. How’s the Darjeeling?”
Faulkner brought a cup to his nose and sucked in the aromas. Maria threw glances at the captain while Arthur continued the conversation.
“I suppose you are leading the search for Vladimir who escaped from the Farm?”
“Yes sir,” Faulkner put his cup on the table and twisted his lips, “Not worth mentioning. The media exaggerate these escapes. In reality, just a trivial operation to return the Chosen to his right place.”
“Sorry, captain,” Arthur sighed, “for making inquiries behind your back. I don’t mean to interfere in your business.”
Maria refreshed herself with another glass of wine, looked at Arthur, then at Captain Faulkner and decided to contribute to the conversation.
“All about Natasha!”
Following the instruction received, I dropped my hand under the table and squeezed her lower thigh. Maria’s eyes narrowed, as did her vocal cords. I moved my hand a little higher and she fell silent. The trick worked without a flaw. Captain Faulkner pulled out a notebook and opened it on a page marked with a yellow sticker.
“I must apologise, sir, for not informing you,” the captain closed the book, “alas, escapes do occasionally happen. Usually neither the press nor relatives of an infirm Chosen learn about the event. However, now a creature named Allele is involved and because of this it has received some publicity.”
“You suspect the fugitive of humanism,” said Arthur firmly.
“That would be an inconvenience,” Captain Faulkner sighed. “The Central Equality Service deals with humanists. I’d be forced to hand over the case.”
“Those are the rules. Yet, there is no direct evidence of humanism. So, catch a fugitive, a coward – however you classify them?”
“Evading Chosen.”
“That’s good: the evading. Still, be ready for surprises. Being Vladimir’s lecturer, I met him several times. A capable but selfish young man.”
A waiter brought more tea for Faulkner and coffee for me. There was a pause, and as a precaution I returned my hand to Maria’s knee, which was cool and smooth; this time she smiled and raised a glass to her mouth.
“Have another cup, captain. Loose Darjeeling, not tea bags. You like it.”
“You know that, sir.”
“Of course. Still – be careful. Tea is a sobering therefore dangerous drink. It would not surprise me if your commissioner looks at sobriety less favourable than at drinking habits. Teetotalism, the commitment to sobriety, is nothing but an endless binge.” Arthur fell silent, but then continued, “Excuse an old judge for babbling. Back to our topic. A potential humanist, no matter how hard it is to admit. Now about my problem…”
“Your problem, sir?” Captain Faulkner portrayed surprise on his countenance and even pushed his cup away.
“Ah, oui! About my problem,” continued Arthur, “Judges, like other citizens, do have them. My daughter Natasha… It is unthinkable to suspect her of humanism. Her family… You may not be aware of past events?”
“I am familiar with all the facts. Natasha Taminsky is a worthy citizen, an example of the vitality of our society.”
“Sure. However, her current partner – Buridan – has left her. Not a big deal. Yet he ran away with Allele, Vladimir’s sheep-friend. Natasha, being infatuated with Buridan, wanted to find him as soon as possible so she associated herself with Vladimir. You see, she was familiar with the man. I am sure my daughter had no intention to violate the law.”
“Sir, I have no doubt regarding Natasha’s intentions. She is infinitely devoted to the diversity of life.”
“Yes, yes, that’s it. I will appreciate it, captain, if you increase your efforts to capture the fugitive.”
“We will do everything possible.”
“And no concessions to my daughter if she harbours the evader.”
“I am sure that she is not hiding him. She would not knowingly help an evading Chosen. Thanks for the tea, sir.”
The police officer in a tunic of the Union with a letter ‘F’ on his chest left our table. Saying goodbye, he could not restrain himself from a stifled doodle-doo. Arthur twitched. I completely forgot about my hand planted between the knees of Maria. It seemed she had no objections to this authorised invasion. When I remembered, I started and pulled my hand out. Sending a piece of cake into my mouth, I reflected on this new enigma – could a person be jealous of his own hand?

* * *

I was returning from Casterino alone. There was no hurry. Descending and stopping at all possible locations, I admired the rolling scenery. Once I found a suitable clearing and spent an hour there shooting at fir cones. I was pleased with myself and the world in general – the Lord God, or whoever replaced him, greeted me from every blade of grass and from every needle under my feet. Two days spent at the gathering of the Formula were different from what I imagined. But I no longer remembered the hypothetical effigies of the Union. I recalled the tunics with embroidered letters, the speech of the creator of the Formula, but most of all Maria’s kiss and her knee. No, I did not get much from this trip. I did not fulfil my desires. Arthur Taminsky got it all! Yet I had no envy – he was 12 years older than me and at any moment they could grind him into minced meat. Yet, he is lucky! He always smiles and succeeds while I shoot at pinecones. At that moment, he was probably engaged in the action from my dream. 
I dreamed at the wheel about Maria and Arthur Taminsky. Arthur kisses Maria where she wants him to. She meows endearingly, asking him to explain what love is. She learnt the question from Natasha’s speeches. She is wondering how to accommodate the unfamiliar feeling in her own matrimonial plans. “This is what we are doing now. This is something that should not be exposed and discussed,” answers Arthur. Embracing the girl, he expounds that any worthwhile love is not decent, is not quite acceptable, because by demonstrating it, one could spoil the mood of those who don’t have it. “Or envying, they would ruin ours…” He makes love, speaking about love, then laughs, remembering the asses – the Envoy and Buridan.
I was approaching Nice. The lights of the big city doused my erotic dreams, which I did not regret as the reality belonged to an extraneous couple. Why haven’t I pictured myself in the tryst instead of Arthur? Because it would not do! I am not a maniac – I am an artist! Do I not fancy Maria? Probably. Yet, she is not my type. Maybe my visions have prophetic powers and I am a seer! I behold what distance and time are hiding. Yes, either an artist or a clairvoyant, or perhaps both.

Chapter 14  From Belfast to Nice
The next day I woke up late. Serva, whom I am going to introduce now, dozed curled up at my feet and did not want to be disturbed. At my every attempt to breach the status quo, she made this clear to both of us with throaty warning sounds. Serva is a cat, but one that is over 35 pounds and the size of an average dog. Her ancestors – relatives of the lynx (although a pattern of their fur more resembles a cheetah) – lived in Africa. She has a small head, golden hair with black spots, long, slender limbs and charming ears. Serva is a serval, which is a type of wild cat. Mlle Soya has brought her to the residence, and, although Serva’s character is not honey, I maintain this acquaintance. She is active day and night, but especially from four to five in the morning. Adjusting to such a schedule is no cinch.
I had to spend another 40 minutes in bed listening to distant sounds (Mlle Soya was already clattering around) and thinking about what to do next. According to the latest data, Helot and Natasha spent the day close by in Aspremont. It was easy to imagine how holding hands they leave a hotel, walk over the hills and look from a height of over 1500 feet at Nice. 
I lay almost motionless not daring to shift my foot. Such submission to the cat’s whim is not a joke, it’s really annoying. Luckily, she’s not in the residence every night – Mlle Soya leaves her with me just three times a week.
I do not intend to generalise regarding all creatures, but people do spend a significant part of their life waiting for something to happen: a working day to end, to meet a loved one. Weddings, divorces, departures of annoying guests, holidays, a pension, it goes on and on. You may list here all the events. I even dare to suggest that people are waiting for death. Otherwise there would be no wills and life insurances. With rare exceptions, waiting is an unpleasant process (I can’t imagine someone looking forward to the waiting experience itself), but we’ve learned to translate this activity into satisfying dreams and fantasies. While waiting for a beloved, we write poems; waiting for the end of the month we anticipate the upcoming pay; and even expecting death, we imagine the genuine grief of our friends and relatives. I could continue talking about this subject endlessly, but it’s better leave it to others. I, myself, have few events to anticipate. Alas, I haven’t completely got rid of the agonies of waiting. Every other morning after waking up, I count the minutes until this selfish creature Serva allows me to get up and start my day. And so at last, came the key event – Mlle Soya turned on a vacuum cleaner. Serva, with extreme irritation, raised her head and said ‘meow.’ We both understood that it was not my fault. She got up on all her four legs, arched her back and in a second she was no longer in bed. In another minute I too was gone.

* * *

We had breakfast, which Mlle Soya agreed to share. For this occasion I made coffee myself. A fancy barista machine from Tasmania was a gift from Lev. Serva sat at Soya’s feet and purred. She courted the very person who ruined her morning dreams! If I had dared to do the same, I would have fallen out of her favour for at least a week!
Then the two of us settled in the courtyard and Serva waited for the birdies. It is worth watching how she hunts. An unrivalled skill, she snatches everything that flies by. Representatives of her species are the best catchers in the world. Their effectiveness is an astounding 50 percent and the efficiency of our Serva is even higher! In the first month of our acquaintance, I considered teaching her to pluck chickens but she did not agree. She forced me to remove the feeder and discourage the feathered citizens from the residence. I am not keen to observe bloodied feathers and swirling fluff and afterwards spend hours waiting for Mlle Soya to clean a courtyard resembling a slaughterhouse.
A bit later, it was the Promenade and then the city centre. After coffee in Amalgam, I visited The Institute where Colombina handed me another portion of reconstituted chicken, which became five percent dearer. No other noteworthy events occurred in the world of science. There was nothing else to do but return to the residence for dinner. With a glass in one hand, I sat on the edge of the sofa occupied by Serva. The cat does not approve of alcohol, but much like my wife and my best friend Dr Bouni, she understands: it is imperative to accept this little weakness of the Envoy. It was approaching the time to continue reading.

* * *

As a refugee I spent three months in Berlin, two in Lyon and finally reached the United Kingdom, settling there. In those years, the biocratic society was still establishing itself. With an outflow of people not accepting the new system, obtaining citizenship in any Western European country was a matter of several days.
I dreamed of studying at Oxford or Cambridge but had not received any offer from them. The only institution that opened its doors for me was the Duchess’s University of North-Eastern Ireland. Thus at the age of 19 I ended up in Belfast and began my studies. Following the advice of Father Iosaf I enrolled in the School of Biology. My aim was to graduate with a first-class honours degree, to secure a postgraduate course in Oxford and prove them how wrong they had been to not recognise a great scientist-in-waiting. I was not flush with money but Father Iosaf sent me £700 every month, and the government provided a loan covering tuition fees, which they expected me to repay in the distant future when I were to be an academic in Oxford. I became fluent in English, although I could not get rid of my Russian accent. 
Studying at the Duchess’s University was not exciting. Nine hours of lectures and as many practical classes per week left plenty of free time. However neither booze nor sport interested me, and there was no desire to start new relations with women. It remained to attend lectures, write the required essays and prepare for exams. 
In Belfast I made acquaintances but did not have a close friend. Not wanting to share a house with others, I rented a separate apartment, even though most of the money received from my benefactor went to fund it. I was not thinking then why he supported me over all these years. Father Iosaf, together with my daughter, moved to Paris. Paulina went to school and spoke French better than Russian. Of course I planned to see them right after graduating. There was no contact with my parents. Once, when studying at the university I sent them a letter, and Mum answered: she wrote that my father was unwell and that they live hoping to see me. After that our correspondence ceased.
I did well, and when the time came to choose an honours project, I won a place in the group of Dr Pyrate. Colombina Pyrate was the first biochemist to study the Solidarity Mince and to develop approaches for the molecular analysis of its components. She used the latest technologies and her laboratory was popular with young researches. Everyone spoke about her in an undertone, and students dubbed her Dr Drake after the well-known buccaneer. Medium height, short-cropped hair, always neat, sharp and perfumed by Chanel No.5, she – then 30 years old – published her works in Nature and Cell journals. Dr Pyrate was the star of the Duchess’s University and was second only to Professor Sam Nightingale, the creator of the Formula.
Professor Nightingale taught ‘The Mathematical Foundations of Biocracy,’ which was compulsory for all undergraduates of the Faculty of Sciences. At each of his lectures, the presence of more than 600 was expected. For the lack of an auditorium accommodating so many students, the university rented an arena on the banks of the Lagan River. Everyone hated his course because it was boring, and biologists in addition complained about having to deal with the maths. Nobody liked the professor himself, who delivered his lectures as revelations while sitting on a stool and swaying his feet. But because attendance was mandatory and not a matter of choice, we had no alternative to attend.
On the other hand, the lectures of Colombina Pyrate on ‘Protein Biochemistry and Molecular Basics of Nutrition’ were very popular. A small room at the Medicine and Pharmacology Centre was always overcrowded. The introductory part of the Nutrition course, where she talked about the noble and easy death of citizens selected to the Farm and the challenges facing scientists studying the Solidarity Mince, was especially memorable. Her talks were short, clear and in a sense poetic. She did not tolerate any extraneous sounds or questions, and, as some eyewitnesses said, she once greeted the Vice Chancellor who had unexpectedly appeared at her lecture, with, “Get out of here, you idiot.”
My honours project was on the detection of chicken genes in the Solidarity Mince. I became enthusiastic and spent all my time in the laboratory focused on the task. It seemed that Colombina Pyrate was just as enthralled. She stayed with me in the lab: we centrifuged the Mince samples, extracted DNA from them and cloned genes. After just three weeks working with her, I could not imagine a different life and dreamed of doing science like Dr Pyrate. However, as before I still aspired to Oxford or Cambridge.

* * *

Then I committed a crime or rather did something stupid. I thought (and still think) that it was just incredible foolishness. Yet everyone except Colombina considered me a criminal. 
It was the end of May, honours projects were completed and the last exams passed. Everything was going great. Colombina, knowing my ambitions, promised to arrange a PhD studentship in any laboratory of my choice. My head was spinning with pride, happiness and dizzy anticipation.
We, now former students, Claire MacDonald, Alistair Irvine, Isabel Tomashoff, myself and a few other graduates went to the beach to celebrate. We arrived in Newcastle in County Down at the time of a low tide and settled on the sand. There were conversations about the future and a lot of beer. Booze further raised the already uplifted spirits. It was a warm sunny day, and we wandered barefoot through the surf and hung out on the beach backwaters. Everyone was happy and Alistair proposed to drive to the Mourne Mountains some 11 or 12 miles away. There among the hills is a dell, the Silent Valley reservoir, from where freshwater flows to the surrounding towns and villages. Driving at that time was not as expensive as nowadays and we had a car. The four of us went – Alistair drove the Land Rover and I sat next to him. For half an hour we took a scenic route south along a narrow coastal road and then turned west to the mountains. Apparently, I dozed; at least I did not watch the road, so could not say how Alistair hit a lamb. I woke up when the car jerked to a sudden halt. We were no longer moving and right before my eyes on a narrow strip of asphalt lay a small lump of bloodied wool. Alistair sat with his nose to the steering wheel. Claire and Isabel jumped out and tried to find signs of life in the corpse. Claire hugging the lamb raised her head and said, “We killed it…” Tears flowed down her cheeks and there was horror in her voice. Isabel stood above her shaking and Alistair continued to grip the wheel, his knuckles bone-white. I do not know what came over me when I laughed and said, “Since we’ve killed it, let’s eat him as our ancestors once did! He or she is now mutton! Why not to fry it on an open fire and taste?” Following my directions, Claire and Isabel together opened the boot, as if one of them could not cope. We put the corpse there and Alistair drove on. The girls were silent; I did not doze anymore having almost immediately realising that my suggestion was terrible stupidity. I did not even know how to cook meat, let alone remove a hide. However, there seemed to be no turning back – my comrades obediently followed me on this macabre endeavour.
In the valley, we parked away from other visitors. Having opened the boot, I wrapped the lamb’s body in a plastic bag and told Alistair to take it. My hands stopped trembling as I thought the situation over. If we could not roast the lamb, we leave the corpse and return. We started up the slope above the lake: I led the group, Alistair with the lamb he killed followed me and Claire with Isabel shuffling behind. The path climbed along a stone wall built at the end of the 19th century by Irish who could not find a proper job. At that time there was no welfare state, so they were offered to build walls connecting the tops of mountains. 
On the way up none of us spoke. When we reached the plateau overlooking the Irish Sea armed police met us.

* * *

“You are accused of humanism and will appear before court.”
“But I’m not a humanist!”
“Then who do you think you are? You were involved in a hit-and-run accident! Your friend killed a creature with a car, and you suggested that you should eat the corpse. It was a blatant humanitarian plan. We suspect that in fact you organised the attack on the sheep. The police will conduct a thorough investigation to establish the truth behind your motives.”
“Am I a humanist?”
There, in the mountains, they handcuffed the four of us, read our rights, packed us into a helicopter and 20 minutes later we were in Belfast in a police station. It was the Ladas Drive station, where in times past they interrogated the fighters of the Irish Republican Army. I had not even noticed how they separated me from Claire, Isabel and Alistair. None of us spoke a single word during the short flight to Belfast: Claire was crying, Alistair trembling and Isabel just became invisible. I felt that it was not me, but another person at whom I was looking at from a distance. 
Yet, I had a piece of luck that day as they locked me in a cell with Finn. Finn was bored, and I provided him with unforeseen entertainment. I don’t know how old he was – maybe 40 or possibly 60. His face was crisscrossed with creases and furrows, like that of Samuel Beckett on a portrait I saw in a volume of his plays. However, unlike Beckett, Finn had no hair. Instead, a colour tattoo depicting a dragon devouring a sheep decorated his naked skull. The front part of the sheep was on Finn’s forehead. In fact, only her head and two legs were visible, the rest of the body had disappeared in the dragon’s jaws and belly. When Finn smiled, his wrinkles deepened, becoming almost like trenches, and the sheep fully vanished inside the monster.
Finn hardly cared for me; as a professional, he assessed the situation, grinned then laughed at the morons who put a rookie in his cell. He did not fail to take the opportunity to deliver some trouble to his foes, the police.
“Sure, a humanist and an idiot. You’ll get your well-deserved 20 and that’s the least you can count on. Rejoice that you weren’t picked up in America or Russia.”
Finn spoke with a noticeable Belfast accent but constructed phrases as if being schooled at Oxford. Well, it was possible that he studied there, but in the cell I did not think about either his accent or education.
“I didn’t mean to! What should I do now?”
“Whatever you do it’ll be futile. Your buddies will put up a white flag and deliver you lock, stock and barrel to the police,” Finn smiled and the poor sheep made a backward dive into the dragon’s mouth. “A driver accidentally ran over the beast. Everyone in the car – except you – was shocked. You exploited their vulnerability: you forced them to go to a remote place in the mountains well known to you for eating the flesh of a deceased citizen of the European Union of Life! You planned to engage innocent girls and a boy into that most hideous of crimes! That’s what they’ll say in court.”
“Everyone knows the Silent Valley; everyone goes there!”
“Criminal! Humanist! You are a humanist! Only you! You have intimidated your fellows – you threatened them! Yielding to your coercion, in fear they followed you and only thanks to the quick action of the police tipped off by a farmer have not become humanists themselves! One should not forget your insidious past – where did you come from, from which country did you come to our civilised society? This point will not be argued in court, but the jury will consider the facts of your biography when discussing their verdict.”
“I did not do it. I do not understand why I said that. I assure you I am not a humanist! Please believe me, please…”
Finn laughed. The dragon on his scalp filled its belly once again and rejoiced. Then he suddenly stopped laughing and smoothed his wrinkled countenance with his even more wrinkled hands. He moved from his bunk to mine and shoved me in the cheek with his fist.
“You want the same?” Finn pointed at the tattoo.
“Yeah… no. Not really.”
“You won’t get it! Not in a million years! You need to earn this! You will receive your 20-year sentence for humanism, but in there our lot won’t trust you! They’ll think you’re a mole! A grass!”
Finn laughed, this time differently. He moved his facial muscles so that the sheep almost jumped out of the dragon’s mouth. The spectacle of a sheep escaping from the maw of a monster and waiting to be eaten again was fascinating, and I said as much to him.
“Ah, so you like it!” he replied directly into my ear. “My darling lamb, everybody adored her and there isn’t another one in the world, and the artist who created her has gone. Now, mate, listen to what Finn says. I can’t get you out of the mess, no one could, but I’ll make your life easier. And fuck them.”
“Thank you. Maybe they will just let me go—”
Finn’s fist smashed under my ribs like a cast-iron poker. He sat on my bunk and looked aside. When I caught my breath, he began the education.
“Now listen up fool!”
He pronounced this ‘listen’ in such a way that I understood it was necessary to shut up, learn from his instructions and act accordingly, as he would say. From now on, I must rely only on the advice given to me by Finn.
“They will say they want to help you. They will say that it is best for you to acknowledge humanistic intentions, even if those were only fleeting thoughts, because then doctors and psychologists can help you. They will say that recognition of guilt ensures a cure from humanism, from humanistic tendencies. They will say they do not condemn your thoughts, that many people have similar desires. All these are lies! Do not agree with anything! Do not offer any confessions! Deny everything – even the obvious, even if you reckon it could be useful to agree with them. Do not make any statements! No revelations! Do not tell them about your childhood or your family. Let them prove, persuade, speak, manipulate or coerce. You must deny everything! Clear?”
“You think such behaviour helps? They’ll get angry…”
“You! Fucking! Moron! Do you want me to repeat myself?”
I did not, I also didn’t want to get another poker under my ribs, and as for the line of behaviour I understood what he was saying. I looked up at Finn, smiled and shook my head.
“Well. In another world, at a different time, we might have a talk about something more fascinating, for example, Irish poetry. Now, I want you to concentrate. It won’t be easy, they will work on you nonstop for hours, but you just remember what I say! Denying the obvious has hurt nobody and there are many benefits in it.”
They brought us a prison dinner. I offered mine to Finn. The dragon swallowed the sheep and then spat out it again. Finn took half of my portion and pushed back the rest.

* * *

Inspector O’Brian was echoing Finn’s words – the stuff my mentor warned me about the previous night. My friends were already home. All I needed to do to be released was to confess humanism, or rather a momentary intention to commit an act of humanism. If it weren’t for Finn, if I had not heard these phrases, I would have caved in. Probably I would have confessed anyway, but the inspector looked at the ceiling, at the walls, at the barren table separating us, at the stained floor… there was not a single glance at me. The room was so uncomfortable that I could not trust the inspector’s assurances. They gave me a lawyer by the name of Miss Mills. She also made minimal eye contact, saying that the truth would be the best defence. After her words, I almost felt Finn’s fist under my ribs and his instructions appeared in luminous letters on the wall behind Inspector O’Brian. I resolutely declared my innocence.
Afterwards, the psychologist called Siobhan talked with me. This happened in another pleasantly lit interview room. In a soothing voice she reassured me that she would certainly help, if only I could be sincere and tell her the whole truth. However, I had already convinced myself that I had done nothing wrong and that all of them wanted to put me in jail. Following each appeal from Siobhan I closed my eyes, imagined the sheep swallowed by the dragon and said ‘no.’ After four hours of this heartfelt palaver, they brought coffee and a disgusting sandwich stuffed with overfried Mince. I swallowed both.
Over the next four hours, Chief Inspector Menzies interrogated me. Miss Mills was once again present but kept silent. I had already realised that all the gears of the device I got myself into were adjusted for one particular aim.
“The crime committed guarantees you 20 years in prison. If you confess now, you’ll receive 10 or maybe eight, and in five you will be free.” 
I was silent and smiled at the chief inspector. He asked nothing and, therefore, I was not rushing to reply. My mouth had tired of answering.
“Do you understand?”
Nodding was not enough for him.
“I said 20 years versus five! Think about the difference!”
I thought about what he said. Such an interrogation suited me. If they could imprison me for 20 years, then what was the purpose of my confession? If they pushed me to plead guilty, that was to make it certain. I did not want to be in prison for either 20 or for five years! I just shut my mouth and from time to time said ‘no.’ After another four hours they sent me back to a cell, this time one devoid of Finn.
A tomato soup and tea whitened with powdered milk was given to me. I had all night to think about what was happening. One thing I couldn’t figure out was how I got put into a cell with a hardened criminal. Hadn’t they guessed that he might have taught me a trick or two? Perhaps there were no free cells that night. I was not interested in the fate of my comrades although if they were in trouble, it was because of me.
I stretched my legs out on the bunk; I did not want to sleep. It took the entire night to resolve what the image of the dragon and the swallowed sheep meant. Had I met a real humanist? And what are they – true, hard-core humanists? I remembered my Granny. She was a humanist. In fact I am sure all the people were humanists at that time. Humanists now and then are very different creatures.

* * *

Next morning the interrogations did not resume. Instead they loaded me into a van and brought me to court. The judge asked for my full name and whether I understood the charges. Then he turned to the chief inspector Menzies.
“Do you charge Alexander Sokovsky with humanism? This is a very serious allegation.”
He correctly pronounced Alexander but struggled with my family name, each time either rearranging the syllables or dropping some of them. Such mutations were not new to me; I had long been accustomed to distortions of my name in Belfast.
“Yes, your Honour,” the chief inspector reported, “I know we will prove the accused’s involvement in humanistic crimes.”
“Very well, but while you are collecting the evidence and until I have reviewed it, you have to release the Alexander Sokolsky from custody.”
“Your Honour,” the policeman persisted, he took a step towards the judge, “the police have reasons to fear that Alexander Sokolovsky may be a flight risk and leave the country to avoid justice. The suspect has relatives in Eastern European countries.”
The judge sighed and then looked at me with a mixture of boredom and sympathy. He winced, apparently because his head was hot and uncomfortable under the wig, then thought for a minute, raised his hand and lowered it to the table.
“We will oblige him not to leave this country to fulfil the conditions of his bail; he must undertake not to travel outside the borders of Ireland. We’ll demand for him to surrender his travel documents.”
Chief Inspector Menzies took another step towards the judge’s table and spoke as if the well-being of his family depended on my being behind bars. 
“Your Honour! Alexander Sokolovsky poses an immediate danger to society! He is a threat to all living creatures of Ireland!”
The judge stood up. He was a big man and he knew how to raise his voice.
“Enough inspector! Stop lecturing the Royal Court! Do you think I am not aware of humanism and its dangers? However, it is not up to you to decide who is a humanist and who is an innocent creature in your custody! Such decisions are the prerogative of the court! You have already bailed the other three participants of the crime. As far as I know, Sokovsky does not differ from them in their intention to eat the unfortunate citizen! This court may form an opinion that the police of North-Eastern Ireland intend to pronounce sentences!” 
“Your Honour,” Chief Inspector Menzies muttered, stepping back, “those three are guilty of death by dangerous driving and illegally fleeing the scene. It was Sokolovsky who proposed to cook and eat the murdered citizen.”
The judge sat down and fixed his eyes on the inspector. His voice became sarcastic.
“He told you that?”
“No, he has not admitted his guilt. He is a determined humanist, your Honour.”
“I see,” the judge spoke in a whisper, but his whisper was perfectly audible in the hall, “he did not admit it! But our police are ready to accept the testimonies of the accomplices in a criminal attack for evidence of humanism. Sokolsky was not at the wheel, he was sleeping in the front passenger seat. He did not run over the lamb. It is not surprising that the driver accused him of humanism, he may want to divert your attention from himself.”
Inspector Menzies tried to say something but the judge did not allow him to utter a word.
“Silence inspector! I heard your demand. The court refuses to pander to it! I strongly recommend that you go about collecting the evidence to support your allegations!”
Chief Inspector Menzies shrank, backed away and sat down two yards from me. I felt sorry for him, as if we were in the same cell sitting on the opposite bunks. The judge, meanwhile, rose for the final word.
“The court releases Alexander Sokovsky on bail of £2500,” he turned his eyes to me, “You must not leave the borders of North-Eastern Ireland before the trial, the date of which will be determined later. You must hand in your passport and other travel documents to this court. The bail payment has been secured by Dr Colombina Pyrate,” the judge looked at the policeman, “a leading scientist of the Duchess’s University vouched for this young man.”
I left the courthouse without a police escort. Outside the building Colombina seized my hand and led me away.

* * *

Dr Pyrate lived in a privileged area of South Belfast close to Stranmillis Road. Her bungalow, built at the end of the 20th century, stood on a site adjacent to the park and the Lagan River Valley. 
After having some food and tea, Colombina left me alone. In the bedroom I found everything I needed: towels, shaving accessories and linen.
I understood that I was on temporarily leave, so something Dr Pyrate said the next day was not a surprise. Over less than three days she conducted an exhaustive analysis of my case. Colombina laid out the papers and explained details of, as she said, our case. We sat in a 400-square feet living room with a fireplace, armchairs and paintings by modern Irish artists. Still, I felt like I were in a cell again, and the inspired young face of Dr Pyrate was about to turn into the mug of an infamous villain of the criminal world, the humanist Finn.
“The best outcome we could expect is five years in prison for taking part in an unintentional life-slaughter, misleading the authorities and illegally concealing the body,” Colombina Pyrate concluded. The worst meant a life sentence, ‘if they can prove premeditated humanism and an attempt to eat the flesh of a British citizen.’ There was also the possibility of intermediate outcomes: unintentional humanism, humanistic actions in a state of affect and humanistic actions resulted from reduced mental abilities. All these meant at least eight years of imprisonment. Colombina thought that with suitable lawyers led by her we could count on, “unintentional humanism.”
“But for the benefits I expect you to bring to science, I suggest we neglect legal and social justice,” she concluded and squeezed my hand.
We sat before her breakdown of my possible fate, which she laid out on the coffee table. I was silent, having no ability to decide. Colombina Pyrate did it for me.
“I received an invitation to work in the European capital, at The Institute of Global Food Problems. A decent position, but the head of the Homogenisation Department is a fool. I will take you with me. Given the UK’s intricate relations with the European Union, I don’t expect them to track you down.”
I wanted to ask how I could flee the country without any documents, but Colombina made a sign to be silent. She already had a detailed plan: my new passport was to be ready in three days. Thus, I turned into a fugitive from justice and became Mr Alan Goodwin. Of all the attributes of my new life, I most hated my new name.

* * *

Our decampment went uneventfully, although I was worried at the first stage when we took a ferry from Ireland to Liverpool. When we eventually arrived in Nice we rented a house in Cimiez, a bourgeois neighbourhood in a north-eastern part of the city. The house was a small southern villa standing between two apartment blocks. We even had a tiny (20 by 30 feet) garden with a hot tub full of leaves and murky water. A journey to the sea required at least 40 minutes so we didn’t go there often. Colombina hated aimless walking in a crowd of loafers. Instead we spent the evenings (if returned from The Institute early) siting outside and drinking Sauvignon Blanc under the gaze of our neighbours. 
It took me 20 minutes to reach The Institute of Global Food Problems where we both started working in Professor Corsair’s department. Colombina preferred to arrive at the gates with an interval of 10 to 15 minutes between us. However, we always returned home together, working late and finishing when there was no one around. Our new laboratory did not differ from the one in Belfast – similar benches with test tubes, pipettes and Petri dishes scattered over them, the same centrifuges, glassware and fume hoods. It was spacious as it accommodated scores of students and researchers, but Colombina’s office shrunk to a laboratory corner with a table, computer and couple of chairs. Her position was in the department of Prof Corsair, and she had to put up with work under a functionary poorly versed in molecular biology. She had to listen to how to manage the laboratory and her research and to welcome prof’s name in the list of authors on all our publications. Colombina’s moods suffered and I became a scapegoat. Yet the professor hardly entered the laboratory rooms and we rarely heard his creaky voice and tweets. For one point Corsair turned out to be useful – he had sundry connections in various scientific commissions and committees of the European Union of Life. These ensured a steady flow of funding to the laboratory.
Colombina had a few relatives in France and Italy. Two of them from Genoa ended up in our department as senior laboratory technicians. The predisposition to research is probably encoded in the genes of the Pyrate family – both a taciturn Monsieur Pyrate and a noisy Mademoiselle with the same name turned out to be excellent research managers.
Dr Pyrate undertook a project on the Mince modification. We studied its homogenisation to prevent any possibility of humanitarian consumption. The project was a priority: the media covered our work and the Committee on Science and Technology funded it. However, Colombina was not happy.
“Am I going to devote my whole life to a bloody meat grinder? Could you imagine me leaving the Duchess’s University for the sake of this? My calling is different! We’ll change evolution itself. Alexander,” (when we were alone, she called me Alexander, since she also disliked Alan Goodwin), “we will engineer a new creature! Our creation will be neither human nor any other known animal! It will include all of them! We will create Multilife! Multilife must unite genomes of various species of living organisms to combine the best traits produced by evolution!”
When Colombina was talking about her Multilife her eyes lit up with frantic fire, lips satiated with blood and she squeezed me so I felt as if being embraced by the entire fauna of planet Earth. Usually we talked about it in the garden with glasses of wine. 
“When we give birth to Multilife, all the miserable existence will end. The previous life should recede. In Europe, Asia and Africa there will be just one biological species – Multilife! Humanism will disappear – the very memory of it will evaporate and disperse! There won’t be a single humanoid, nor other living creatures, just units of Multilife. They will thrive, multiply and eat meat of their kind – the Multilife’s flesh. The Equality Farm will end, because fellow-eating Multilife would not exploit any other life forms!”
Colombina dreamed not just about perfection, she wanted a clear accomplishment. She flourished, describing the charms of Multilife. I felt uneasy, as I could not envisage any features of this organism, and I said as much.
“Don’t be an idiot! I can’t either. We need not picture them – we are scientists, not artists or poets. When Multilife appears, we will present its full description to Nature.”
“But when it is born, we’ll disappear?”
“We may hold on for some time. It will be important for science. I intend to live as long as necessary to study Multilife. You know, to fulfil a detailed analysis of a novel life form and publication of the results take time.”
Despite acknowledging her intellectual superiority, I did not believe in her brainchild. Such things happen in fairy tales or science fiction. Being an outstanding scientist, Colombina Pyrate was carried away by an unrealistic idea. It was the third year of our life in Europe when she noticed my doubts and elaborated on her research plans.
“I need your support. You are the only one I trust. We could not create Multilife through sexual reproduction – there is no way of overcoming interspecific hybridization barriers. I propose to combine hereditary molecules outside the body. We will split DNA from the Mince into fragments, carry out directed evolution and introduce the hybrid hereditary material into stem cells! But Alexander, first we must reconstitute the Solidarity Mince components into the form they had immediately after the death of the originators. We must recreate the flesh as it were a millisecond after the end of life, otherwise we lose the epigenetic heredity.”
Despite all my doubts, I could not help but acknowledge her genius. No matter how crazy the Multilife creature might seem, her experimental design was astounding.

* * *

On that memorable evening we sat in the garden and did not talk science. We discussed the possibility of going to the Alps or Corsica for a couple of days. Such a trip would be something out of the ordinary. Work and occasional evenings in the garden were our routine in Nice. We did not even visit the seaside, spending days and nights in The Institute. Talking about the possibility of a trip, she remembered another imminent visit.
“We are invited to the house of the Attorney General. Don’t worry – it’s not a summons from Interpol.”
I did not worry, almost forgetting about the wanted man Alexander Sokolovsky. Not following politics, national and international events, I had no idea who the chief judge was, least of all expecting him to be Natasha’s dad. Yes, Elena told me that they had a house in Nice, but that was in the days gone by in my previous life.
We reached the Taminskys’ villa in a self-driving taxi that crawled along the streets, stopping not only at every crossing but also at the places where insects and rodents exit onto the road. Maybe this is how my imagination works, but I was suddenly projected into the past and became convinced that I was approaching the house on the Volga Embankment. The meeting did not surprise me. Mr Taminsky remained the same Natasha’s dad of my childhood. He did not recognise me, but with a broad gesture of a hospitable host invited me to the table and set us apart from ‘our tiger, who does not accept young people on first meeting.’ We settled down in a garden under the palm trees near a swimming pool. Mr Taminsky looked appraisingly at Colombina and said something. I looked at him, at the surrounding vegetation, at the two-story villa, and contrary to all logic I saw Nizhny Novgorod and the banks of the Volga.
Then Natasha’s mum appeared from the kitchen. I got up to meet her. She froze and said, “Sasha, I’m so glad to see you.” I, too, was glad and almost cried. Mr Taminsky rose from his seat, similar to the judge in Belfast who released me on bail, and looked with incredulity at Colombina.
“You seem to be familiar with my family… how interesting?” he said.
“Arthur,” said Mrs Taminsky, taking my hand, “don’t you remember Sasha? Sasha Sokolovsky?”
Mr Taminsky reclined in his wicker chair, waited until everyone sat down and then smiled at me.
“Well, well. Now I see, but before you reminded me, how could I? When we met last time Alexander was so big.”
He showed my height by raising his palm four feet above the ground. I began explaining that I didn’t know who they were, that when Dr Pyrate had invited me to their house, I did not understand they were in Nice and couldn’t imagine that it would be the Taminskys’ reception.
“Not a reception,” said Mr Taminsky, “we just wanted to get to know our famous scientist and her young man.”
Mrs Taminsky became agitated. She ran back to the house, returned two minutes later, then their house helper Marion appeared. Wine, snacks, tea and coffee arrived on the table – all at once, all together, just as it used to happen in Nizhny Novgorod. They started recalling past times, and Natasha’s dad, smiling, scuffed Bars behind his ear. Colombina faded into the background, but the host did not forget her and from time to time introduced subjects about science.
“What a pity Natasha is not at home,” Mrs Taminsky kept repeating every five minutes.
“You see,” Mr Taminsky explained to Colombina, “our daughter was in the same school with your young man. Irina thinks it would please them to remember the old days. In fact, elderly parents are the ones who enjoy meeting classmates of their children. However, it’s likely that you catch her – Natasha usually shows up by the end of the evening to check whom her parents spend time with.”
Natasha indeed showed up, and not at the end of the evening. Later she told me that something pulled her home. She hugged Bars, kissed parents, greeted and exchanged words with Colombina and after that extended her hand to me.
“Nice to see you again.”
My knees trembled and I had to sit down. Dinner lasted another hour. With Natasha’s arrival Colombina was disturbed for the first time – she fell silent in the middle of a sentence, answered inappropriately and at some point recited Pierre de Ronsard’s poetry from memory. The latter surprised me a lot, as I was convinced that she not only avoided reading verses but despised them. That evening, she poured herself the hated red wine. And she recounted Ronsard after drinking three glasses of Burgundy. Finally, deciding that enough was enough, she said, “Now I have to go!” I also pushed away the unfinished coffee and got up.
“I’ll go with you,” said Natasha.
It was a nice evening. We walked along the street descending to the sea in a single file: Colombina in front, Natasha behind her and me at the rear. I kept talking about the weather and the latest events. I related some juicy details concerning the divorce of the University Chancellor from a sister of the President of the European Union of Life. My companions were silent as if listening to the radio.
At the corner of the Blvd Grosso and Rue de France, Natasha caught up with Colombina and touched her shoulder. Colombina stopped, turned and froze, her head tilted down. Natasha was a little taller than she.
“Sasha once promised to marry me,” Natasha said.
“When?”
“Some time ago, 15 or maybe 17 years, but it is not cancelled. Now he must marry me!”
Colombina raised her head a bit and peered at me. I don’t know what she saw – it was dark with no streetlights nearby, which would give her the chance to examine my face. However, she decided that she had read my mind.
“Agreed,” she said, “but I need him in the laboratory. My condition is he continues to work with me at The Institute.”
“Agreed,” said Natasha.
She pronounced her ‘agreed’ exactly like Colombina, and I could not work out who had won me.
“And please remember,” continued Colombina, “he is Alan Goodwin. His old name can hurt him.”
“Good,” said Natasha.
Colombina turned away and raised her face to the sky. She stood that way for several seconds then bowed her head and headed towards the Promenade. I could not choose what to do. I struggled with myself to either run after Colombina or to hug Natasha. I just continued to hang around in the middle of the street.
“Sasha, go collect your belongings if you have any. I’ll wait in the car.”
Natasha came closer; the top of her head was just under my chin. My legs shook again.

* * *

My notes have come to an end. The Taminskys has always accepted me as one of their own, and now they treat me the same. Natasha’s mother loves me, so does Mr Taminsky, although he picks at my supposedly incomplete education and the failed PhD. Three months after the wedding, Natasha’s dad bought us a six-bedroom apartment in the centre of Nice and ever since we’ve lived there, visiting her parents twice a week.
I told Natasha everything. She listened, wrinkled her forehead and said, “But you are not a humanist. I know for sure you are not! You’ve done that stuff because I was not there, just like all the other foolish things. If I were with you there would be no Colombina Pyrate.”
Natasha is 100 percent sure – I am not a humanist. I myself can’t vouch for that. Perhaps I had a fit of desultory humanism and deserved punishment. However, thanks to Colombina I walked free from that predicament. All my life I was lucky with women: Granny, Natasha, Elena, Colombina and now and once again Natasha. They were always there making right decisions and defending me. I hope everyone was happy. If only I had my Granny Liza here now.
A year ago we had a baby son. Natasha’s mum was over the Moon; Mr Taminsky was also glad. Our boy had been chosen when he was just five months old, but it was natural… we hoped that our other children would be bypassed by the Formula.
Now I am to go to the Equality Farm. I must be proud. In a few weeks when I become part of the Solidarity Mince, no one will be able to say, ‘He was a humanist.’ Yet, I am not happy. I would like to live longer, to live through all my life until its natural end. I guess I am not unique – all thinking creatures intend to carry on into old age. Only society does not need this. Society is better off when we depart early while young and healthy. The population should be renewed as fast as possible. Previously, war and disease provided the means of rejuvenation. Now it is the Equality Farm. The Farm is much more progressive than other methods of renewing life.
I have the certificate of the Chosen; the European Commission of Life issued it. On behalf of President Bouk they congratulate me on my election to the Equality Farm and assure me that there I will be provided with the best conditions to end my existence. The Farm is tasked with respecting all living beings and so on and so forth, and I believe in everything they’ve promised. I hope my transition to the Solidarity Mince will be quick, painless and gratifying.
Everything is right – I am ending my existence being a young creature, just as countless animals and human soldiers did it in the previous epoch. Only their departure was pointless and cruel. I hope mine will be different. I hope…
I am leaving these notes with Colombina Pyrate. She will do what I ask. I am entrusting this to a representative of the last humanistic society. Why to a humanist? Because for citizens of Europe, everything I wrote is obvious and trivial. I hope, therefore, that some Envoy from my former life see these recollections.

* * *

The last page is turned over. Let me just say, I, the Envoy of Humanists, like Sasha but I am glad that there is no chance of meeting him. A face-to-face encounter could ruin any affection. He was not a humanist! He was if not naïve, then a weak character and he understood this very well. I am sorry for him. As a humanist, I have the right to that feeling. I reckon that was what he wanted – compassion and sympathy. To bemoan the fate of the Chosen is unthinkable for his friends, relatives and family. They have to be proud. Pride and no humanistic sentiments! It is amazing how different we are – me and them, humanists and people of a new breed! Despite his doubts, Alexander Sokolovsky accepted the Farm, not least because his son had to go the same way. After all, the life of Sasha Sokolovsky was a success.
One thing still perplexes me. In the last part of his memoirs describing life in Ireland and Nice, he said very little about his daughter. He mentioned her once or twice, giving general facts. Yet, he received letters from her guardian so why not write more about the child? No chance he forgot her. The only explanation for this fact is that Sasha did not want to upset his wife. He minded not to offend Natasha by the love for Elena’s child. Sure, he was thinking about his daughter all the time! He even wrote his notes in English, as he suspected that she, having left the country as a child, would not be fluent in Russian. This last conclusion called for another: Sasha addressed his notes to a humanist’s Envoy, so that the Envoy, having familiarised himself with the memoirs, passed them to both his wife and child. Sasha counted on me to find his daughter.

Chapter 15  Captain Faulkner’s Little Finger and Sergeant Doll’s Ear
Serva rubbed against my legs and purred. No due attention received, she jumped on my lap and, stretching out her face, purred directly into my ear. It’s mealtime. Mlle Soya knew it – she brought in my dinner. A reconstituted chicken baked with potatoes, rosemary and apples plus a bottle of Sancerre adorned the table. Serva slinked to the door knowing her supper would arrive any minute.
In half an hour we were both fuelled and relaxed. Serva stretched out on the couch, I – holding a glass – in an armchair, next to an exit to the courtyard. Mlle Soya said goodbye until the next morning. Falling twilight had turned the thickets of weeds into a fantastic, southern jungle. 
What is Paulina doing at this hour? Lev, the children? Is it worth going to the Promenade and if so should I invite Serva? Yes, she needs some exercise to be less jumpy at night. 
My plans for the evening were lining up when a persistent knock at the door came. We had expected no one, but someone apparently wanted to see the Envoy. In a good mood, with an unfinished glass in my hand, I opened the door not bothering about the identity of the visitor or visitors and the purpose of such a late call. A triple surprise burst into the residence – its components were Sergeant Doll, Captain Faulkner and their shocking conduct. Instead of a greeting expected in any civilised society, the sergeant exercised on me one of his hand-to-hand fighting techniques. With my arms twisted behind my back I found myself pressed against the wall. The wine spilled, the glass most likely shattered. It was the first time such a thing happened to me in Europe! It was impossible to put up with it!
“What do you want, pig?” I sneered.
No answer, only a hand rummaging over me looking for the absent weapon.
“I don’t go around the house armed with guns!”
No reaction. I started to worry that I was dealing with someone insane. Still, it was worth appealing to their common sense – it’s possible traces of it lingered on in at least one of them.
“You and your captain, surely, have forgotten – this is the home of the Envoy of a sovereign state capable of protecting its representative!”
Instead of answering, he dragged me through the corridor and kitchen to the reception. My right hand was painfully forced backward, the left useless against a person trained and accustomed to violence who was also a representative of European law. They pulled me to where they wanted me to be. In my office he threw me on the sofa. I landed next to Serva. Her body tensed, her tail stiffened and started throbbing. Representatives of the law protecting every creature’s rights (including that of feline citizens) did not care about her or her feelings. Captain Faulkner installed himself at my desk and rested his paws on the manuscript of Sasha Sokolovsky.
“Cock-a-doodle-doo! That’s what I was looking for,” he said in a nasty tone.
“Foul creature! You are both disgusting foul creatures! You broke my wine glass and spoiled Serva’s walk!”
It was necessary to give some vent to my anger. I tried to come up with the most offensive epithets, but nothing except the ‘foul’ was coming to my mind. The captain relaxed at the Envoy’s table and examined the room. His gaze rested on an unfinished bottle of wine.
“Sergeant, give the humanist his alcohol.”
“Cuckoo, sir!”
The sergeant took a step in the indicated direction and froze.
“Sir, do you want me to give him a cuckoo glass?”
“Not worth it, just give the humanist the bottle – if he wants a drink, let him cock-a-doodle-doo from it.”
He didn’t even call me the Envoy! I wished to calm down, I did not want rage to cloud my mind. I straightened my back, moved my shoulders to restore blood circulation in the violated hand, arranged myself more comfortably on the sofa, put my other hand on Serva’s head and conveyed calm and confidence in my voice.
“You broke into the residence of the Humanitarian Envoy, captain. You encouraged your subordinate to practise judo on me, the representative of the Humanitarian States. You have gone too far sir!”
I wanted to bark at the end of the phrase for greater impressiveness, but my voice did not quite obey me and I only coughed. Faulkner opened the manuscript, looked at the first page, then leafed through it. I had to wait for him to speak.
“Very well. Cock-a-doodle-doo. There is no diplomatic or any other relations between our countries. Your humanitarian state does not exist and you are therefore much the same – a non-existent representative. Who would condemn me for violating the rights of a shadowy entity with no substance? A cock-a-doodle-doo ghost if you like?”
He was right, but if everyone exercised such logic my mission would become impossible! I could not agree with him.
“There is a contract and the medallion! The Envoy is untouchable!”
“Unwritten cock-a-doodle-doo contract, a mere custom. You are protected by the habit of not touching a messenger of humanitarian scum. I’ve broken the custom – breached it to get this!”
The captain once again laid his prehensile appendages on the open manuscript, smiled and then continued. “Don’t assume that I intend to cancel such a useful cock-a-doodle-doo tradition or to encourage others to condone said behaviour – no chance. I apologise to Mr Envoy for the intrusion and assure you that it won’t happen again. Sergeant Doll also extends his cock-a-doodle-doo apologies for the broken glass. We regret what happened. I’m sure everything will be all right with your hand, cock-a-doodle-doo, sergeant?” 
“As you say, sir! Cuckoo! No consequences whatsoever!”
Both policemen shined with complacency of unwelcomed guests and were not going to leave. They lacked the company of their own kind and they chose me – a humanist. Faulkner-Sokolov emphasised with all his behaviour that he did not give a damn about my status and position. In many situations, a custom is stronger and more reliable than law, but the law does not necessarily prosecute those who dare to defy a custom. For determined people, customs open a vast field of opportunity. Captain Faulkner declared himself an impudent, confident type – so much so that sitting in my chair, he began talking about his plans for the future. Was he just like that or had he a need to convince himself of his determination? The brazen cock Sasha Sokolov sought to fight with each of his classmates and now Captain Faulkner has chosen me? 
“We detained the last humanist in Palermo five months ago. We have not met your ilk for a long time! Cock-a-doodle-doo, what luck! You see, sergeant, the daughter of the Attorney General – a humanist! How diligently old Mr Taminsky portrayed himself as a fighter against life’s discrimination! We’ll expose their true nature. Here, this is the missing evidence!” he said, holding up the manuscript.
“I’m ready, sir. Cuckoo! Let me apprehend the criminals!”
“Calm down sergeant, all in good time. I want him,” Faulkner pointed the stump of his index finger at me, “the representative of their stock, to understand how a cock-a-doodle-doo humanism is dealt with here in the European Union of Life!”
Captain Faulkner rose from the chair. Did he see in me all the humanism of the planet or just craved to speak? An unfortunate young man. He had no listeners, he couldn’t voice his burning thoughts. The three fingers chopped off for an unsuccessful declaration of love; anyone would start cock-a-doodle-doodling after that. Now he imagined himself a cockerel, a Gallic rooster – the Envoy of a new day. Bloody goose! Jackal! Hyena! The hell is he a rooster! A plucked Russian chicken from the Volga! My hand has indeed already recovered and was ready for action.
“Judges and lawyers – they put themselves above the law,” the captain uttered. “They believe that cock-a-doodle-doo they are above us! Wrong! The law has its faithful servants – you and me, sergeant! Locking the gates of their villas, they think everything is allowed to them – even humanism! They are wrong – the law has us! Cock-a-doodle-doo!”
“Exactly cuckoo, sir!” resonated the voice from behind.
“They enjoy lounging in their cock-a-doodle-doo chairs, visiting their Alpine cottages on Saturdays, despising non-humanoid citizens of Europe! They evoke the times when humanism was progressive and fashionable, when humanists were welcomed in cultured circles!”
“A swarm of philanthropic savages ruled the Earth!” the sergeant raised his voice and his temper. “They called themselves cuckoo humanity, they caressed a dog and a cub and the following day sent hundreds of cows, sheep, chickens, pigs and sheep to cuckoo death camps.”
I should have imagined myself as a student in a social science lesson. Two teachers – one in front of me, the other behind ready to twist my hands based on instructions from the first. It felt reasonable not to give grounds for violence and endure the lesson. My fingertips plunged into Serva’s hair, I heard her rumble which did not portend peace. The captain stood right in front of me holding the manuscript of Sasha Sokolovsky.
“Humanists of the past were guilty of lificide, but they did not realise their crimes! They were awaiting enlightenment! They had received it and many of them understood how perverted their cock-a-doodle-doo morality was!”
He recited from memory with inspiration, pathos and trembling in his voice:

“Killing a dog is a lesser crime,
Than killing a man
Only because
The colour of his skin is not visible under the coat of hair.”

He fell silent, looked at me viciously and then continued. It was yet another, an even more passionate verse known to everyone:

“Destroy the killer of a child 
To be a hero.
Destroy the killer of a calf
To be a criminal.”

Captain Faulkner went into a rage. It was easy to guess what would follow.

“The charitable causes
Supply all the music
To a human cub with a deficient brain.
The creature could not think or speak
Producing simple mooing sounds
It bites the sweetest cow’s flesh.”

The captain could not stop, perhaps imagining he had met an attentive listener at last. He seemed to have intuitively understood that there would be no other chance to appear in front of such an audience.
“We know that every creature has an inalienable right to live its cock-a-doodle-doo life. We are free to love or hate anybody, but we must fight for their right to live! For equality! It is even more beneficial not to love creatures. Absence of love sharpens analytical cock-a-doodle-doo abilities, allows the efficient identification of the enemies of life.” 
The captain paused and looked at his audience: at Serva, the sergeant and me. I wondered – could I grab the manuscript from his hands, run and destroy at least a part of it? Impossible with the sergeant at my neck and no way out, only a tiny courtyard in front. The captain, meanwhile, continued. 
“The society of savage humanists ruthlessly cock-a-doodle-destroyed any dog who bit a human while sadistic killers of their species were just locked up for several years in comfortable cells until they promised to correct their behaviour!”
“Cuckoo! All this is in the past, sir,” came an assurance from behind.
“Yes, in the past! If cows, sheep and cock-a-doodle-doos are slaughtered, the same must be done with them – the people.” 
“Yes, sir, cuckoo! In Europe there is no biological inequality. Cuckoo!”
Captain Faulkner took another step towards me. He poked his cock-a-doodle-doo stumps into my eyes; a spray of his saliva reached my face and I felt his breath. He did it on purpose… Captain Faulkner, Sasha Sokolov – a sadist. His voice became a whisper now he did not hide that he was aiming it at me.
“Humanism continues to revive itself in the worst representatives of the fauna. So I hunt humanists! I am healing nature! Cock-a-doodle-doo! Here is the proof of her connection with you, with humanism – the manuscript of her husband, found in the Envoy’s residence. She is cock-a-doodle-doomed!”
Then I felt like a cornered dog. I had no chance of running away or knocking down Faulkner, but I could hurt him. I resolved to bite off his remaining finger! With both hands, I clutched the captain’s wrist and my teeth closed on his little digit. From childhood, I used to crack nuts and bones with my jaw – crunch! A shadow darted from the right side, there was a protracted inhuman howl and then a burst of fire.

* * *

My first thought was, “The finger! Where is the finger?” I examined my mouth, drove the tongue along my gums and behind the cheeks, felt the palate. There was no finger, not a single piece of foreign flesh. I could have swallowed or lost it. While I was unconscious, they could have loosened my mouth and picked out the excised digit. I listened to every part of my body: the throat, the stomach, the bowels, but felt nothing. Well, if it is inside, deep in my guts they won’t get it from there, and there will be four gaps on the captain’s hand. The void created by my jaws will forever remain adjacent to the previous three stumps. Each time he looks at his hand, he will remember the Envoy and Natasha! It must be inside me – a raw finger with a dirty fingernail. I will digest it! My stomach should cope. I demand, I beg it to cope with Faulkner’s finger. Maybe I’ll be sick, develop problems with my bowels, but Captain Faulkner will be practically fingerless! Four fingers of the same hand gone! He won’t be able to hold a gun, write his police reports or make a proper fist! Then let him cock-a-doodle-doo!
And if I’m wrong? If I haven’t bitten down hard enough or they recovered the vile part of his body? I rummaged around my mouth again – a complete and absolute absence of a finger, only an aftertaste of blood and some kind of lump that stuck between the front teeth. A bit of a skin? Whose skin it is – his or mine? How to determine which skin stuck in my mouth? They could reattach the digit to his hand. Put it in place. Two or three months later after physiotherapy, it would bend, function and only a slight scar would remain. Proud memories of an honourable wound received in battle and an occasion to mock the disgraced Envoy of the Humanists.
I felt bitter and disappointed for the lost battle. Also, I felt pain – a dull pain in the head. However, it was bearable, did not prevent thinking and did not interfere with my analytic abilities.
Sergeant Doll fired shots – that was the last thing I remembered. Is this how one feels with a bullet in his brain? It turns out you need not be a hero to endure severe combat injuries. I tried to open my eyes and at once succeeded. A white surface. Where am I? A familiar shape on the edge of my vision. It is impossible to make a mistake – my lampshade. I never part with it – always take it with me. It is over 40 years old. My grandmother’s lampshade. So I am in my bedroom, in my residence. I was wounded in the office, and they – someone – moved me. I almost never sleep in the bedroom, but they brought me here and put me on the bed under my grandmother’s lampshade. Anyway, I am at home.
The warmth was coming from the right-hand side so I attempted to move. This accomplished, the source of the warmth became discernible – it was in my hand. Someone held it. A face, a familiar dear face, floated before my eyes, occupied half of the white surface and squeezed out the lampshade.
“Mlle Soya?” My first words were quiet but clear.
“Envoy, are you okay?”
She was perturbed and therefore asked such a silly question. Of course I am not okay. I am seriously injured, perhaps critically. Anyway I was happy to hear her voice, glad that she was right here next to me. The pain in my head eased a little.
“Don’t worry, Envoy – you are not wounded. The policeman only hit you on the head.”
Not wounded? Hit on the head! They just crushed my skull! And she thinks it’s not a wound! Thank God they have not shot me through the brains or other necessary organs. They still respected my status! Doll did not dare to shoot me! I would have gunned him down without blinking an eye. Why had he fired then? 
After some careful movements of my arms and legs, I opened my eyes completely. All parts of my body functioned. The pain had not passed, but it had not increased either. Raising my head, I groaned and felt sorry for myself.
Next to Mlle Soya was another person – a man in a white coat. He opened his mouth and mooed. He should have concerned himself with the patient; instead, he justified the actions of the police.
“The police officer was attacked at your residence Mr Envoy. Moo. It happened with your participation and the sergeant had to use force. As far as I can conclude after the preliminary examination, moo, everything is all right with you. Just a lump on the back of your head. We will arrange your transportation to the hospital. An X-ray is advisable and we will keep you under observation overnight. Moo.”
It did me no good listening to his mooing. I sat up on the bed. Well, Sergeant Doll knows his craft. Arms twisted without consequences and a blow to the head, after which you come to your senses with a moderate headache. I felt a bit of respect for the pig. Is he working on further improvements to develop painless strikes?
“You see? You’re fine.”
I could assess my condition better and was not interested in his medical opinion. I looked at Soya.
“Have they found the finger?”
“What finger Envoy? All your fingers are present and correct.”
Well, Mlle Soya had not understood the question. She even got a notion I was not quite myself after a concussion.
“The finger belonging to the police captain.” I clarified without going into details of what had happened. I did not want to elaborate on my humiliation, especially with an outsider present.
“Lie down, Envoy. I’ll fetch the medicine and then you’ll go to hospital for a check-up.”
Soya ran away. I lowered my feet to the hard surface of the floor. My head was spinning – not to the extreme, but much like on the morning following alcoholic excess. For how long have I been unconscious? How much time did the police have? Somebody called Soya and she arrived. The white coat was still here, standing in the middle of the room in some anticipation. He must know about Faulkner’s finger.
“You say the police captain was injured in my house? How is his condition? I hope nothing serious?”
“Don’t you worry, Mr… Monsieur the Envoy. Moo. He will be fine – non-life-threatening injuries.”
“Tell me, did he not lose the little finger of the right hand? He already had three stumps there. Now I am worried about his little finger as it happened at my residence.”
This white coat was not the most talkative representative of the new civilisation. However, at least he was a person. Thank God other types of European citizens do not receive medical diplomas yet. He was also a man – the end of my knowledge. My glasses remained somewhere on the battlefield – only a white spot of medical uniform loomed before my eyes. He nevertheless answered stating that all the victims received the necessary assistance. That did not bother me, I wanted the details about the captain’s digit and I repeated my question.
“We had no time for dactyls,” I heard some irritation in the voice, accompanied by a mooing, “There was a critically wounded creature and we had to stabilise the patient.”
I inhaled the aroma of Cognac. My favourite glass, filled with a reinforcing liquid, came into an immediate vicinity of my sniffing organ and I gratefully accepted it. Mlle Soya once again took my free hand, although I no longer needed physical support.
“The police shot Serva. She is in the ER now. Do not worry Envoy, the doctors are doing everything possible.”
I did not have time to get worried, because the brandy went the wrong way. I gasped. They helped by punching me under the ribs. Again, in bed. It was necessary to take another sip, only this time the right way. I remembered the shadow and the sound of shots. Brave Serva, protecting me, must have attacked Doll and he fired at her. Shot to kill and then dealt with me, or was it Faulkner? A maimed captain could also stun me. Dangerous individuals. Tears flowed from my eyes. I had to hide my face behind the glass. I kept it pressed to my nose and tried to calm myself down. The only consolation was that they did not find the finger. No chance. They had no time to look for it! 
Now, back on my feet! Soya gave me the glasses that survived the fight. Cognac restored my will and eased the headache. Time to act. The medical person was still here, I saw his undeserving attentive face. A weakened willpower and other features of a degrading Homo sapience were clearly discernible – a typical specimen of the modern European. No, I do not require their X-ray. I told Mlle Soya to go to the hospital and stay with Serva at her bedside.
“What about you? They say overnight stay so I will be there with you.”
I cast a glance at her, and Soya realised that a hospital bed was not a part of the Envoy’s plans.

* * *

Perhaps I owed Serva my life, but at that moment I could do nothing to help her. Mlle Soya stayed with the cat. For me there was another emergency to attend. The fingerless captain had pursued Natasha, and it was for my failing he got irrefutable evidence of her guilt – the memoirs of her husband. It provided the proof that Natasha knew about the crime committed in Ireland. Now I have to smuggle her from the European Union – to organise an escape to the Humanitarian States, even if it means sending Helot to Tasmania.
It should be fine to send them together. There, in the safety of a humanitarian society, among people uncorrupted by biocratic ideology, their passion will soon evaporate. She will see that her sheep-shagging darling is just a miserable coward saving his hide from the Equality Farm. When my mission is over there will be no Helot-Vladimir with Natasha. It is amazing that it had not occurred to me before! So logical and so obvious! I should have offered them passage to Tasmania right after identifying the bodies of their partners. Although then Natasha did not know about the grave threat. Being so full of progressive ideas, she would have refused. Now the situation has changed she has no other choice.
That is what I thought while driving from Nice to Aspremont, where my protégée still enjoyed her freedom. Captain Faulkner certainly knew their whereabouts. However, he needed to familiarise himself with the contents of the manuscript, then get an arrest warrant and besides he was incapacitated. Not just a lost finger. Serva never misses her target! She left marks on him or on both of them! My faithful Serva, how could I doubt your love? How could I suspect you of selfishness!
Time was lost, but still I was a step ahead of the police. If only he were to send his subordinates. Well, not Faulkner, he would not do that! He himself must detain the humanist Natasha Taminsky.
The car accelerated from 50 to 60 to 70. I haven’t driven like that for ages, an inconceivable speed in Europe! A pair of run over rats or rabbits – more articles in tomorrow’s papers detailing the atrocities of the Envoy of Humanists. A medium-sized animal (perhaps a rabbit or a giant rat) jumped out onto the road; I did not have time to examine it but I avoided a collision. A life saved – saved by a humanist!
My backpack contained two passports of the citizens of the Humanitarian States of Tasmania and South Australia. Documents in the names of Mary Ann Poppins and John Sawyer. The cognomina that occurred to me, with which they should live until they pay the Humanitarian States appropriate fees for a change. There were no photographs on the front pages. We will deal with these things later. We won’t waste precious time by returning to Nice – all the equipment is also here in the boot of the car. At last, I will use my right to relocate victims of the European Union of Life to the Humanitarian States. 
There is a long way ahead: through northern and southern Italy and by ferry on to Sicily. From Sicily, I will send them with the proven carriers of European refugees to Africa. Once on African shores they could take a cargo ship to Tasmania and – if lucky – a plane. Tasmanian passports will spare them from a humanitarian refugee camp. Helot deserves the camp, but the promise of the Envoy is unbreakable – he will receive citizenship at the same time as Natasha. Everything should be fine.
For me there is the return to Nice. I cannot desert Serva. If only she survives. I am sick and tired of Europe, of the omnivorous civilisation, of my mission, of the Alps, even of Nice. I want to go home to Paulina, to Lev. To normal people.
Once again I saw a mirage of the perfect place. As before, as in all my previous peregrinations around the globe, I failed to reconcile myself with the fact that changing locations never quenches desire.

* * *

A gloomy dawn – neither rain nor Sun. The village veiled by a grey morning mist and stuffed with dogs’ barking. They seemed to be everywhere: in the bushes, in houses hidden by fog, even up on the slopes of the mountains and in the heavens. Not to attract attention by driving through the village, I parked in a clearing surrounded by shrubs, waited for the barking to subside and then set off as indicated by the navigator.
The path led through the village, climbed up encircling Mont Chauve and then headed to the wastelands, olive groves, parks and industrial estates above Nice. In the village I once again agitated dogs, then on the bridge over the stream flowing through a narrow valley I heard a guitar and human voices. Singers, hidden by mist and bushes, were somewhere below. In the fog the strings sounded muffled and voices of a man and woman were colourless. I slowed down to listen.

Oh, goddess, don’t abandon me 
Do not depart
I beg of you
Do not abandon me, oh goddess
Take me to hell
If hell is due.

I cannot live with them, oh goddess, 
Take the entire world but you
I am a stranger to them, oh goddess,
Do not abandon 
Take with you.

I reckoned the man was much younger. She sneezed; there were incoherent noises before they continued.

I cannot live with them, oh goddess, 
Do not abandon
Do not leave.

With the singers behind me, their voices subsided; the path turned up and changed into an asphalt strip leading to a villa. At the gate stood a post with the name ‘Belvedere’ carved into it. Has Natasha rented it? An unfinished house on a building site; instead of a garden there was a dump with stacks of bricks, boards, paint cans and a mountain of rubbish. A glass door was open; those I came to save were there. They did not sleep – they were making love, or rather having a discussion on the essence of love. My first thought was, Natasha has problems with aesthetics if she does it in front of the door wide open to a dump. However, my second thought brought a clarification, Perhaps the dump is the best descriptor for their relationship. I came closer, sat down on an overturned bucket and followed the two representatives of the alien civilisation.
“How unusual Natasha, you have no hair – only tufts here and here. How smooth you are. Your skin is softer than the finest fleece and your lips respond to kisses. Give me your tongue…”
Then she spoke, and I did not recognise the voice – doubted whether it was Natasha with Helot. A disturbing thought flashed through my mind, Where is she? But he’s called her name a moment ago…
“You were not intimate with females of our species,” said Natasha’s unfamiliar voice, “You were never close with women. It is so wonderful.”
“I wasn’t but I had Allele. Why other females?”
“And before Allele? You are 32 and we are the same age, are we not?”
He did not answer. Had Helot fallen asleep overwhelmed by the surge of memories trying to count his affairs with lambs? No, he was not asleep.
“Before Allele… I don’t remember. When I first saw her I knelt down and she bleated. No, she moved back two steps and only then bleated. I held out my right hand and she licked my palm. She licked my palm! Then with my left hand I gave her a flower, a daisy, and Allele ate it.”
“She ate a daisy flower? How beautiful, how bio-romantic,” Natasha whispered.
Familiar intonations at last appeared in her voice. Deplorable pathos and romance are its constant components. Her voice was still non-recognisable; maybe she always has this one when engaged in lovemaking? I have not heard it before. She did not speak when she was with Buridan. Oh, if only Natasha were a sheep or a jenny. I would whack Helot on the head and make love to her. Alas, she is not what I want her to be, not even a crow. She has stopped croaking.
“I remember nothing else, only the daisy, Allele’s nibbling teeth and her soft breath,” muttered Helot.
I imagined myself handing flowers to Natasha and her chewing the bouquet. I had to hold my breath not to burst out laughing. She continued.
“Darling, really? How strange I forgot this masculine smell and now it’s coming back to me.”
Sure, she smelled me – I was sweating and it aroused her. She likes my smell! Perhaps it’s time to interrupt the performance or maybe wait? Another couple of minutes? What would Lev say? Would he be able to help me change places with Helot right now? To become Helot temporarily? 
“I thought men and women unite only for childbearing. Those with reason should love only other species, because loving people is humanistic.”
“I’m not sure,” Natasha said in an audible whisper, “I don’t want to think about anything like that.”
There were sounds like sobs. Was she crying? Was it Helot? When these sounds subsided and she spoke, I recognised her previous voice.
“Love exists now! Love has not been before! Love is what we feel now! Even if love is humanistic, what do I care now?”
“I love you!” howled Helot. “It is impossible to hide my love from people, animals and plants!”
They sobbed in a duet. I had had enough. I rushed to the front door and pressed the bell. It took me a while to realise it was not working. An unfinished house, an unconnected bell, love at a construction site. The lovers forgetting equality. And it should not be forgotten. There is always a lack of it. Some want more for themselves, others are worried about equality for the masses. This bloody stuff is fraught with unpleasant properties, especially when its global lack emerges. Philosophical thoughts cleared my head.
I knocked on the door, waited, got no answer, knocked louder and again did not receive any response from inside. Then, trying to make as much noise as possible, I returned. When I approached the French window, she, having forgotten about all the pathos voiced, had trivial sex with him. This would not surprise me if the scene were not the spitting image of the previous one. Natasha on all fours, her face stretched out to me. The thought struck me that Buridan had been resurrected. No, this time it was not Buridan, not even his ghost. It was a miserable helot – an escapee from the Farm, a criminal hiding from justice. Sickened by the sight, in my mind the line was born, The coward and the slave could make a perfect lover!
In fact, preceding all the thoughts I recoiled from them. Then I ripped off my cap and threw it at Helot.
“Stop it and come! The police will be here any minute!”
Helot hiccupped like an ass. But he was not Buridan and could not either come or look at me without blinking. He drew back, straightened up and covered himself with my cap. I decided never to put it on my head again. Natasha continued on all fours and stared at me for another 10 seconds. Then she got up, grabbed the cap from Helot and threw it to me. Turning my back to them, I said in the most casual voice, “I apologise for interrupting, but Captain Faulkner will arrive soon with two arrest warrants. Guess you are not at all eager to meet with him. I tried to detain the police – I hope we have 15 minutes. Passports of the citizens of the Humanitarian States are ready for both of you.”
Looking at the pile of construction debris in front of me, I contemplated that Helot had not known women and had relations with sheep and goats only. What about Natasha? Has she tried to imagine Buridan making love to her? A talking donkey, my ass! We are all asses when it comes to that. I calmed down and almost convinced myself that Helot was only a surrogate of Buridan, effectively the same as Buridan. 
When I turned back she was off the floor. He was buttoning his jeans. His hands trembled and the buttons did not get into the holes.
“Please hurry. We have no time to spare!”
He looked at me as if seeing for the first time, lowered his head and muttered that for the sake of Natasha he was ready to go anywhere, even to the end of the world. I confirmed that this is indeed where he was heading to save her and his life. Then we both screamed and begged her to hurry. Natasha reappeared in 25 minutes. When she descended with two bags, she looked fresh and charming. Helot picked up the luggage and we left the Belvedere villa. 

* * *

If I had not listened in, if Natasha had got ready in five and not 25 minutes, we would have avoided the police. Well, it was my fault – I should not have listened to songs, shouldn’t have stood at the door eavesdropping. It is impossible to demand a woman get ready in five minutes. Yet, I did not expect the maimed policeman to arrive so quickly. I thought we had enough time, did not imagine the arrest warrant would be signed before nine o’clock in the morning. Whatever, I thought.
We got to the parking lot, put Natasha’s bags in the boot and they climbed in the back. I was taxiing out when the police arrived. The whole squad of them filled three cars. They drove through Aspremont with sirens blaring and I might have sped out in the opposite direction. I am used to fast driving, and the police, even chasing the most dangerous of criminals, never exceed 30 in fear of running over a duck or mouse or squirrel and being dragged before the Life Protection Commission.
Everything would be fine, everything would still be okay if not for the idiot who had lost the ability to think and act appropriately. In fact, no action was required from him when he resolved to sacrifice his worthless life. Helot jumped out of the moving car and yelled, “Love holds time! Time has stopped! All they can do is to take me to the Farm! They will lead me to slaughter! You’ll eat my flesh and feel me inside you again!”
He ran away from the car, paused in the middle of a field and continued this nonsense. Then Natasha jumped out shouting: “Vladimir! Vladimir!” He turned to her and exhorted, “Go away with him! They want me and they’ll get me! I’ll go back to the Farm! I must for the sake of our love!” At that point I stopped and got out of the car. I was also yelling. I shouted that he better return, that they were not after him but Natasha, that she was threatened with the charge of humanism, that he must come back for her sake! He did not hear – he was in a rage. I tried to push Natasha back onto the passenger seat. It is not easy to pack a young healthy woman in a car against her wishes, especially when taking her away from the subject of a momentary passion. The only way is to knock her out, but such an idea came to me too late. 
The police drove into the clearing; they jumped out of their cars and blocked the way out. There were nine of them and Captain Faulkner led the operation. He was the last to emerge. His right bandaged hand hung in a sling thrown around his neck and he limped. Faulkner faltered along the line of police officers and turned to us. Natasha was shaking beside me, her hands on the open door of the Golf. I know at that moment her only wish was to sit next to me and see the highway stretching to the south of Italy.
Faulkner smiled slyly as Sokolov once did. He slowly extended his intact hand towards Natasha.
“I order the detainment of the suspected humanist N. Taminsky.”
“No, take me,” shouted Helot rushing towards the policemen.
Two officers, both in bulletproof vests, moved towards us, one of them taking out handcuffs. This time I was ready to meet the law enforcement agents of the European Union of Life. My trusted seven-shot friend, sheltered from the approaching enemies of humanism by the car’s door, rested in my right hand with the index finger on its trigger and the safety disengaged. I am a good shot, but to be a 100 percent sure I let the police approach to about 50 feet. Then I raised the revolver, aiming just below the hem of the body armour. The first attacker fell to his knees, turned over and crawled back. The following two shots hit the legs of the second. He could not even drag himself from the spot and slumped on the ground. I inserted three new cartridges into the cylinder and, shielding behind the Golf, prepared for another wave of enemies.
Then Natasha lost her mind. She screamed at me not to shoot living biological creatures and rushed through the clearing to Helot. I saw Faulkner giving a sign to the sergeant and Doll raising a submachine gun. He was just 10 feet from Helot and hit him in the chest and head. I also fired but missed. Even a professional may not get it right from a distance of over 100 yards. In any case, I was too late – they had finished with Vladimir. I admit being wrong in calling him a coward. He died like a Spartan. 
Three officers were already handcuffing Natasha. I had no chance of stopping them without risking hurting her. The sergeant, with an automatic rifle and a wry grin on his face, moved towards me. I am not a supporter of unjustified killing or injuring even the vilest representatives of humanity, so I put the revolver on the passenger seat. The sergeant also bent and laid his machine gun on the ground, but he did not stop. He intended to humiliate the Envoy of the Humanitarian States. I had no chance of defeating this monster in a fight. On his athlete’s face a horrid grin gave way to an angelic smile. He was looking forward to punching me. I knew he would not stun me with a noble blow; he would beat me with relish and for a long time.
At that decisive minute, I recalled the victorious fight of Sasha Sokolovsky with his rival. Yes, I still had a chance. The sergeant was approaching. He had clenched and raised his giant fists to the level of his belt. I took a step forward, extended my right hand to where the thinned line of law enforcement forces stood and shouted: “Yes, Captain Faulkner!” Hit by the sound of his boss’s name, Doll’s head lost control of his will and turned in the pointed direction. That was enough for me. I did not aim at Doll with my fists, did not kick him with the iron-riveted boots. I knew where my true strength lies. My teeth closed on the sergeant’s well-shaped ear. No power could separate us at that moment – I seized my victim with the fierce force of a humanist who lost the battle to the forces of justice of the planet. Two police officers managed to pull us apart. They threw me to the ground next to the Golf. When the field emptied, I got up, spat out Sergeant Doll’s ear into the palm of my hand, threw it into bushes and said, “Cuckoo.”

* * *

I was returning to Nice having suffered the greatest loss, but I was not defeated. Lost was Vladimir, arrested – Natasha, but the persecutors of humanism received a significant blow. I felt myself a Kutuzov surrendering Moscow to Napoleon. In Aspremont I had repelled with a firearm the strongest agents of the European Union of Life, and when I had to retreat I fought with my teeth. I felt like a worthy heir to the Russian guerrillas of the 1812 Patriotic War.
I regretted that after tearing off his ear I had not ripped off his nose, had not ruined his Roman profile. To hide a mutilated nose is much more challenging than an absent auricle. My memory fixed on the last recollection of the Battle of Aspremont: Sergeant Doll pressing a hand to his bloodied head and emitting low groans. There was not a mote of pity in my heart. Could I degenerate into a European cannibal?
I was to appear in the residence in an unsightly form: a T-shirt soaked in blood, similar splatters on the shorts and Sergeant Doll’s blood around my mouth. One thought was still comforting me – unlike my wife, Soya never asks for any explanations.

Chapter 16  The Idea, the Tiger and the Performer
Darkness envelops the Envoy’s residence in the capital of the European Union of Life. Only Moonlight obliquely crosses the floor of the reception room. Two people sit on the opposite sides of a shaft of light: one with a cup in his hands, the other with a glass. The Envoy faces the wall, Dr Lev Bouni scrutinises the shades in the courtyard. Lev sighs, stretches his left foot to the far bank of the lunar river and failing to reach it draws it back. He sighs again and speaks with irritation.
“You’ve been in this country for a year!”
“No, almost one and a half,” corrects his interlocutor.
“Don’t interrupt me, Victor! Just shut up! You have been in Europe for more than a year and have not acquired decent furniture. Your residence resembles student lodgings. Your taste is awful – imagine how all this junk looks to an outsider!”
“Lev, I did not buy any furniture because Mlle Soya brought everything.”
“Sure, you told Soya that there was no money for decorating!” says the doctor sarcastically. “She had to collect stools and chairs from skips and rubbish dumps. There’s no other explanation!” 
“Not rubbish and not dumps! Everything you see is from the Chosen. You know that when single people go to the Farm you can acquire their belongings for a reasonable price. Indeed, my furnishing did not cost a fortune.”
“Vic, you haven’t changed at all,” sighs Dr Bouni.
“I haven’t because I don’t want to. In our lifetime the world has changed enough. Some things should remain permanent. So I’m trying, and you criticise and condemn. Give me at least one argument in favour of changes. What are they for?”
“Why do you need to change? To live in an embassy of proper decorum, and if you yourself don’t care to bring some stuff to your friend! When you finish here and go home it would be decent to take several chairs, sideboards and other items from my list.”
“Lev, you have a lot of that stuff already! You brought two containers of goodies from Europe!”
Lev takes a deep breath. The insensibility of his friend saddens him. After a long pause and a few sips of tea, the conversation resumes. He speaks in a low and tired voice.
“Not two: three. We brought three containers of antique furniture. You should be aware that now I am in Tasmania there is little opportunity to get anything estimable! I told you that and made special notes on the list. First, I need an art nouveau chandelier for my living room. Have you forgotten?”
The Envoy makes grunting sounds, which could mean an attempt to recall the friend’s orders or complete indifference to them. Lev rises.
“Okay Vic,” Dr Bouni sighs, “I guess you won’t find either a chandelier or a bureau for the office. That’s my fate – working nonstop with no help from anyone. Come back home. I’m keeping those treasured bottles.”
“Lev,” the Envoy rises from a chair and reaches for his friend, “when I go home, I will bring a lot of good things! You know that I’m not denying being selfish, but for friends – for you and Maya – I’m ready to sacrifice some of my comforts, even many… almost all!”
“Vic,” the doctor’s voice becomes almost affectionate, “the reason why I am saving the most expensive brandy is because you are prepared to give up a little. I cannot stand those who are ready to sacrifice a lot – I do not trust them. They would want the same from me! Even worse, they will forfeit me to help others! They will happily immolate us. Excessive charity is inimical. It is morbid and incurable.”
The friends are silent for a while. The Envoy fills his glass. He moves a chair across the shaft of Moonlight and sits next to his friend. Lev looks at his feet bathed in the glow.
“So Vic, what do you want to ask? You don’t think I believe in your propensity to discuss furniture.”
“Lev,” the Envoy says, “six days have passed since Natasha’s arrest. You know their justice won’t wait long. Today or tomorrow they’ll declare her guilty of humanism and then… la fin.”
“I know,” the doctor sighs, “fair, but not at all what we want from justice. Since only people can play the role of assessors, the jury does not exist anymore. The Formula will reach a decision and a representative of the judicial board will announce the verdict.”
The friends are silent. The Envoy drinks, Dr Bouni raises his cup and then slaps it back down on the floor.
“I can’t stand cold tea. You can’t change anything! You should have shot them there and then! Instead you played a knight with the steel teeth!”
“But Lev, I cannot just sit and wait! This will kill me… I can’t bear it!”
“Vic, you’ll survive! They’ll just kill her and discard her body as inedible!” Dr Bouni raises his hand, making a sign to be silent, “Do not open your mouth indignantly! You know I’m teasing. I sympathise with you and your beauty and I’m thinking now.” The doctor sighs again, arranges his body more comfortably and chants, “Love, love, love, love. Brandy, Brandy – Cognac! After rescuing her, what will you do about her? She is not a brandy bottle. Could you bring her home to your wife and children? And make everyone happy together? Groupie happiness, a ménage à trois?”
“Lev, please stop.”
The old wicker chair (one of the two brought by Mlle Soya) creaks. Dr Bouni rises to his feet, eclipsing the Moonlight with his massive figure and stretches. He turns his face to the heavenly body, closes his eyes and stands just so for a long time, drawing in air.
“You’ve heard what the media said about your brawl with the police: ‘Provocation by the Humanitarian States! The Tasmanian monster is trying to prevent the arrest of the last European humanist. Three wounded officers. The tragic death of the Chosen’ and so on ad infinitum.”
“I do not watch TV or listen to the radio and I do not read newspapers anymore! Always the same – even for completely different matters. On the front pages there are close-ups of bull faces and happy children. I can’t stand their tongues! Croaking and barking after each phrase or even in the middle of a word. You can’t comprehend a thing! I can’t tell the faces of broadcasters from asses! Films are even worse so I quit watching them as well.”
“Lucky you. I repeat once again – you’re sitting pretty! Still, you should pay more attention to the key figures – to identify them, to take steps. What was the point in harming ordinary police officers? Since you could not shoot them all, it was paramount to eliminate the chief. What do you say is the name of the captain?”
“Faulkner.”
“Yes, Captain Sokolov. You should have removed him. He is the number one enemy of your passion with prominent ears,” the doctor raises his hand in anticipation, “Do not interrupt once you seek my advice! It is not easy to give consultations being on the other side. So, continuing the thought: he alone wants the trial and the guilty verdict for the Taminskys. Well, regarding her fate. This society has already condemned her. For them she is a humanist. Such species are almost extinct in Europe. There are smart people there who realise that everything rare must be preserved and protected, just as we protect the Tasmanian devil. Any social order needs some kind of wraith, external or internal. I think that if you get rid of Sokolov there would be a will for your protégée to avoid punishment. That’s what I think.”
“What should I do? Shoot him as I shot Buridan?”
“By killing the ass you acted like an ass!” Dr Bouni waves his hand, “That was well said even if I do say so myself! What an expression! Brief and astute, ‘killing the ass – being an ass.’ Memorise it for future quotation.”
Dr Bouni smiles with satisfaction and looks at his friend.
“As always, you’re in a hurry, you do everything awkwardly and behave ridiculously. And still you lead such an existence: you live in a country full of cannibals and are comfy as an old slipper. You drink Cognac and shoot at live targets, including representatives of the law. You are getting away with everything! All this is thanks to your friend Lev Bouni. But there is a limit to your luck, there is a natural limit Victor! You missed your chance. Captain Sokolov outplayed you.”
“What should I do? There must be some way out… it cannot be that you offer nothing?”
“What to do? What to do? You’d better do nothing, because if you do… Drink and wait for others to deal with the issue. Shut up Vic, I am telling you! Your Natasha with the ears has a father, a capable individual, and he should act on her behalf, not you. Sorry for my candour! He’ll deal with this captain. Arthur, as we know, failed to convince him, but he may ask, let me guess, his enormous tiger to negotiate.”
Dr Bouni leans back, covers his eyes and speaks, imitating the voice of a newsreader seen and heard on European television.
“Woof, woof, meow, meow. The latest news from the capital of the European Union of Life. The rising star of metropolitan police, Captain Faulkner, died in an encounter with claws and teeth. Moo-moo. All members of the biological community grieve over the loss of one of the most prominent representatives of the European fauna. Neigh-neigh and baa.”
“Lev! This is brilliant!” exclaims the Envoy. “Tomorrow I’ll suggest it to Arthur and pass on your idea!”
“Don’t even think of it! I forbid it! Arthur can devise such a trivial ploy himself! If you talk to him, if you only hint at the tiger, you will ruin his operation! No, you stay with your Cognac and wait for the call. Arthur’s or someone else’s. And you had better come home – we miss you. Maya’s asking when you will deign to visit.”
The friends sit in silence. A shadow covers the face and then the whole figure of Dr Bouni. The Envoy finishes his drink and nods off.

* * *

Days were going by with nothing happening. A week passed after my conference with Lev, then a second. I was on edge, still trying to lead a normal life: I woke up, had breakfast and a drink, went for a walk, met acquaintances, returned home, jotted down whatever thoughts and events had occupied me during the day, drank a second, third and then went to bed.
Serva pulled through. After an eight-hour operation she started recovering, and on the fifth day returned home accompanied by Mlle Soya. Her wounds healed and her character had not changed – she again established herself on the sofa rumbling and purring and growling. She rubbed her head on my knees and at night woke me up, throwing her 30-plus pounds on my feet. 
At lunchtimes I met Arthur and Benjamin. All of us avoided the most important topic. Arthur and Benny knew about my attempt to save Natasha and it was up to them to ask for help. Maria also disappeared and her men did not volunteer to discuss it.
Three weeks after the skirmish with the police, I was in the residence on my own as Serva departed with Mlle Soya until the next morning. It was a warm evening, one might say sticky. My notebook lay unopened. I pondered on the advice of Dr Bouni. I always appreciated his guidance. However, this time it occurred to me that his insistent recommendation to limit my activity to waiting was dictated not by logic, but rather by friendly concern. Lev realised my readiness for action, even for storming the prison. If things were to come to that, I might endanger my life. In addition, and this was crucial, the piece of advice received was not a direct one – it came from the spiritual Dr Bouni, and, despite my full confidence in the power of imagination, even the most perfect image could wrongly convey judgments of the person. Thoughts like that marched through my head and by eight o’clock I was considering which gun to take and what to tell the duty officer so they would let me in to see Faulkner.
Then came a thunderous knocking. I approached the door armed and, before opening, made sure of the identity of the visitor. Upon opening the door Benjamin pushed me aside and burst into the residence. The odd behaviour of the usually well-mannered young lawyer puzzled me. To bring him to his senses, I, having locked the front door, went to the kitchen for the soothing stuff.
I found Benny standing in the middle of the room with his eyes raised to the sky obscured by the ceiling, two upper floors and a roof. He turned around and I once again noted that less than two decades of the new society had left an unpleasant imprint on the faces of representatives of our species. The deterioration of will marks all younger individuals and is especially pronounced in males. No matter what they say or do, they are never illuminated by confidence in their own words and actions. Their eyes have become like those of animals, they cannot sustain the gaze of a rational humanist such as my direct and calm look.
Benjamin looked without emotion at the pocket of my shorts where the outline of a revolver could be seen and said, “I killed her.” Then he clarified, “We killed Mary and Faulkner.” 
It became clear that Benny must be relieved of an unacceptably abnormally negative state of mind. Of the entire residence, only the kitchen was suitable for this operation. There, in the dominion of Mlle Soya, her soul reigns and imposes a quiet comfort and warm light upon the disorder of various objects. I put a filled glass in one of Benjamin’s hands and guided him to the designated part of the house.
Benjamin sat in the wicker chair of the Envoy and I perched on Soya’s stool. He gulped down the wine and commenced consuming Cognac. It took some time while Benjamin finished the first measure and then took a prepared-in-advance supplement. Having consumed that too, he mumbled something. Benny whispered words evoking the beauty and charms of Maria Green, then burst into tears, lit a cigarette (in fact I supplied an already lit one), calmed down a bit and then spoke. From the overwhelming memories he adorned his speech with meows, but after another serving of the universal drug he reverted to his usual language.

* * *

The day after Natasha’s arrest Arthur learned that Faulkner acted without the approval of his superiors. He pressed the district attorney to sign an arrest warrant by appearing in the middle of the night and pushing the manuscript of Alexander Sokolovsky under the nose of a drowsy functionary. It became clear to Arthur that Captain Faulkner would be the key witness in his daughter’s case. He – Faulkner – organised an unauthorised invasion to the residence of the Tasmanian Envoy and seized the document, therefore without his testimony it was not possible to link the manuscript with humanists. A reliable source informed Arthur (at the Formula Club he spoke with the Minister of Justice) that there was no interest in the highest echelons of power in bringing the case to court. Captain Faulkner was the only hindrance for this preferred outcome. Arthur needed help, so he subscribed Benjamin to his plans. Through his friends in the police, Benny got the captain’s belongings to let Bars smell them.
“It was so simple.”
“Do you trust your cop friends?”
“They hate Faulkner. You can’t imagine how they hate him!” Benjamin noted.
He was right. It was easy for me to figure out the feelings of the captain’s colleagues.
“And who brought Bars to his place?”
“Maybe he found the way himself.”
The picture suitable for supporters of interspecific equality emerged in my mind: an intelligent tiger-assassin looking for the victim’s address provided to him. Well, an admirable and politically correct image, but Arthur hardly afforded Bars to sniff out the enemy unaided.
“Mary was there,” said the fiancé of the deceased. “Bars savaged her neck, ripped out her face and tore off her right breast. How could he?! He knew her so well!”
Deep sadness enveloped me and I felt resentment toward Benjamin. He could have skipped some of that, could have been less specific. Why these terrible details? Suffice to say that Maria perished and was no more. I also could not miss noticing that the event had a deep philosophical nuance. Maria had an attractive face – not at all predatory or evil – and I enjoyed looking at her. However, when a throat is ripped open the face becomes redundant. It is better to have a faceless dead than the one with a peaceful and reconciled-with-their-demise countenance. This was especially true for such a deceased as Maria Green. To say about her, ‘What a beautiful dead woman’ would be absurd. It is only my opinion, but I believe that Bars did her an honourable service by erasing all traces of beauty from her corpse. I did not voice my reasoning to Benjamin and asked instead, “And Captain Faulkner?”
“He shot the tiger. Poor Bars.”
Oh God, Sasha Sokolov dodged death again!
“So Faulkner survived? Is he in hospital?”
“No, no. Dear Bars got him too, I don’t know how.”
Details of the state of the corpse of his bride occupied Benjamin’s mind more than wounds inflicted on the enemy. He even knew about her severed right breast. Had they allowed him to see her for one last time? Or he found out about her injuries from the pathologist’s report. And what does he want from me? Why has he come here? He has thought nothing better than to appear before the Envoy of Humanists.
“How did she end up there? What had Mary got to do with that policeman?” asked the widowed bridegroom.
Who cares about her being there! Yet suddenly inspiration came over me. I knew how and why Maria Green died. For that I did not need any testimonies of witnesses or the evidence gathered by the police. Benjamin was right to come to my place – he found the only person able to answer the questions tormenting him. I saw a modest apartment of the police captain in the northern suburbia of Nice. Two rooms. In one a bed, several shelves and a clotheshorse bearing clothes. In another a table littered with papers, a pair of chairs and a settee.
“Now Benny, I’ll tell you how and why Maria ended up in the place where she was attacked by the tiger! You’ll understand that you have nothing to reproach yourself for!”
With my mind’s eye, I saw Faulkner-Sokolov pacing around his tiny sitting room. He was in an excellent mood: excitement of the approaching hour of revenge on the girl who had rejected him. He was happy. 
Benjamin waited for the revelation and so I commenced my masterpiece. Leaving out unnecessary details, I announced, “Captain Faulkner is at home; a doorbell rings. He opens the door and sees in the darkness of the staircase the silhouette of a pretty woman. She does not fit into the poor interior of apartment building. However, she is there! What need has brought her to him?”
I spoke in a voice imitating Maria Green. I became an actor and the producer of a play directed for the single spectator.
“Hello, Alexander.”
I noticed that the name of Captain Faulkner must have been Alexander and Benjamin agreed that it could be possible.
“Maria? What a surprise visit?”
I paused for a few seconds. Should I reproduce their language – meowing like Maria and cock-a-doodle-doing for Faulkner? No, definitely not! Let Benny see their end as a human tragedy. And I showed Benjamin how Maria, sidestepping the host, enters the living room, as she glances around with a quick testing look, steers to the settee, sits down and crosses her legs. I pictured how the captain follows her, also examines his dwelling as if for the first time, then approaches the girl and stops in front of her. Again being reincarnated as Maria, I raised my eyes and smiled charmingly.
“I was passing by and saw a light on. You are rarely at home so I popped in to see you and to find out how our rising star lives.”
“Indeed?”
“Oh, Alexander! I remember – we were close! We went to a yoga class. You gave me a rose once – you courted me!”
Benjamin asked how I knew about their acquaintance. Displeased by his disregard for the fourth wall, I grimaced but said, “That knowledge has come from above.” It turned out that yes – they were friends before, but no relation to yoga. It happened when Maria worked as a secretary in the police department. I told him not to interrupt. If they were friends, they did something like yoga in the evenings! I needed to concentrate. I should not be distracted!
“It was ages ago! Now you do not honour me with a friendly look. You move in a higher strata: the Attorney General and your groom his deputy.”
Maria’s big lovely eyes open wide. She is astonished by such a rebuke.
“But yes, until today you were just a police lieutenant!”
“I was a captain.”
“A captain? So be a damn captain. Lieutenants are more attractive to a girl. I liked you as lieutenant, then when you became a mere captain… Well, a role as the captain’s wife did not suit me! You see! All captains and colonels are boring.”
“We’ve no colonels in the metropolitan police.”
“Do not interrupt me Alexander! I say that they’re all boring – all captains and colonels. Therefore, it’s of no importance whether you have colonels! But now a completely wonderful situation’s formed – you caught a criminal and you’re made a chief commissioner of the police!”
“But the criminal is a friend of yours!”
“I know. I’ve erred. I have misjudged her father too. I’ll break from them tonight right after having you!”
“Break with Taminsky?”
“Well, yes. I am sure that in a year you will be the Minister of the Police.”
“There is no such post in the European Union of Life.”
“But you must have a boss, a minister!”
“We report to the Ministry of Justice.”
“Ah, even better! Minister of Justice! Boss of Arthur and Benjamin! And why should I be friends with Arthur and Benny’s bride?”
“And that’s why you arrived? You ventured to an unsafe part of the capital, a district full of dangers, to tell me the already well-known news?”
“But yes my darling! Yes, I am for you!”
The only viewer sees how Maria reaches to the policeman without rising from the couch, apprehends his hand (the one with all the fingers present) and tames it.
“A young, handsome, talented minister attracts a girl and I am the first here to congratulate you. It’s a pity I couldn’t recognise your talents earlier, but it should be easy for us to mend this shortcoming. Now is the perfect time to start a serious relationship. I came running when I found out about your appointment. It would be unforgivable if someone else had managed this before. Tell me, honey, am I the first?”
“Colleagues and the old commissioner have already congratulated me.”
“Yack! You believe them! You trust they are glad of your success?”
“Oh no! How can I trust the old fox! I’d rather credit the Envoy! They prefer to see a humanist escaping justice than the epaulettes of the commissioner on my shoulders!”
“My dear commissioner, they treated you badly and now they envy you badly too! Believe me and trust no one. Trust me alone. Do you believe me?”
“No, I don’t believe you either.”
By frugal and precise gestures, I convinced the viewer of the confusion of the captain, promoted to the commissioner’s rank and surrounded by ill-wishers. Then I showed how Maria, rising from the couch, took Commissioner Faulkner by both hands and with one glance convinced him of her sincerity, as afterwards Maria gently pushed him onto the settee and lowered herself in front of him onto the bare floor.
“But you’re thrilled about my success… why?”
“All in good time. You’ll understand it when required.”
“What do you want of me?”
“I want you! Let us be together! I will stay with you tonight. I’ll be yours and you’ll be mine.”
The spectator watched with horror as Maria unfastened the key buttons of Faulkner’s clothes. I felt that sweat roll down my forehead and face until my T-shirt stuck to my body. I felt the tension and joy of a true master of the scene. With an inconspicuous gaze I looked around at the audience and I saw Benjamin absorbed in the unfolding drama.
“I don’t need a woman!” said the Envoy-actor on behalf of Commissioner Faulkner.
Maria was not at all discouraged or embarrassed by such a statement. Commissioner Faulkner still had not realised it, but the viewer already grasped the situation.
“Oh! Do you need a sheep? If you love lambs and goats, I will become your baa-baa. We will turn off the light and you won’t be able to tell me from a little beast. Still you can talk to me. Men like to talk to women. Do not deny that all men love to talk about their business.”
“Perhaps I am not averse to talking. I like to speak but I don’t need a sheep and even less a goat!”
“Oh! Do you fancy boys? I came across such people. We’ll sort this out honey, I’ll learn the necessary skills!”
“By Jove, I am not gay! For sex, I would rather have a woman. I just hate people, sheep, dogs and cats! I hate all living creatures. There is no one amongst them worthy of affection. And the worst of all are people! They are all humanists, they break equality and they spoil justice. I am a guardian of the equality. They must all be equalised! I will make everybody accept universal isonomy and a biocracy. May equality kill all humans! Let justice do what wars and plague did not achieve. Equality and justice must be the harshest tyrants!”
My audience listened with unflagging attention. In the last remark of Faulkner-Sokolov I used all the power of my acting talents. Difficult were the first words conveying his hatred of all living things. I outplayed these. My words sounded a little too pathetic but they gave the spectator the understanding that Faulkner-Sokolov had once loved a human creature. I succeeded in my task, although not all the nuances were reaching Benjamin.
Maria jumped up. She clapped her hands, then wrapped her arms around Faulkner’s neck and kissed him. Maria’s kiss was short but sincere and also passionate.
“I too! I too hate people, sheep and dogs! We are the most kindred of spirits.”
“You don’t love them? Is it true?”
“Oh darling, I can’t stand them! Hate-hate-hate them all! They are disgusting. When all this livestock runs, breathes, speaks, stamps their feet, asks to respond to smiles… this, this is creepy! My honey, my commissioner, forget about living stuff. Use me as a woman and I will carefully use you as a man. We’ll make from it a life full of pleasure.”
“And what about justice and equality, will you love them?”
In Faulkner’s voice notes of ostentatious indifference appeared, but the viewer understood that he, expecting a positive response from Maria, still wanted her (contrary to all that had been said) to love him, Sasha Faulkner-Sokolov, more than equality and justice itself. My talent of an actor burst out in Maria’s response. The answer was exactly what Faulkner was waiting for.
“I embrace the young and handsome commissioner of the metropolitan police! I adore him, I am fighting with myself because I love him. Because of this feeling I like the justices and equalities for which he fights. Do you want me to stay with you? I will be with you forever!”
“Yes, I do.”
I sighed and wiped the sweat from my forehead. The most challenging part of the play was over. I showed how a talented young woman won Faulkner-Sokolov. I succeeded in my undertaking. It remained to bring the play to its tragic conclusion. Maria began taking off her clothes. On the face of Benjamin appeared a natural confusion and jealousy. Still, he had to endure this to the end! Confusion also appeared on the face of Faulkner-Sokolov. Only Maria rejoiced.
“Have you ever been intimate with a woman?”
“I tried twice a long time ago when I was a schoolboy.”
Maria had achieved his complete submission. I was happy for her. Perhaps of all the people I met in Europe she was the most natural individual.
“It will be easy to correct. You don’t love anyone and I do not love anyone but you. Now you’ll see that not loving people does not interfere with the pleasures of making love. Now you’ll find out how enjoyable it is!”
Staying in the middle of the kitchen I took a long pause. Should I continue? Better to drop the following scene. I don’t know whether Maria and Faulkner made love before their death. I hope that they enjoyed their last hour together. However, what does it matter? Even if they were on top of the world and then above the Moon pleasures do not last longer than life. 
I started growling and scratching the table with my fingernails. The viewer understood everything, but so there were no doubts I said, “They hear Bars at the door! But they are so passionate about each other that it will cost them their lives!”
“Who is scratching at the door?”
“You are not used to living in such houses. It is full of cats, dogs and other representatives of the fauna.”
“How about me opening the door and giving it a good kick?”
“Don’t overdo it. We don’t want to be arrested for insulting life,” says Faulkner with a laugh.
I froze by the door leading out of the kitchen. Who was there? Outside was the known-to-us tiger. The play was over. The curtain fell. “Thus ended the biological existence of two representatives of our species. There are two human bodies in the morgue – a woman without a face, throat and right breast, and a policeman with unknown injuries. Also, there is the tiger Bars.” Benjamin exclaimed, “Killed by three shots from the service pistol of Commissioner Faulkner.”
There was no applause. Benjamin could not – instead he cried. Then he murmured and whispered that everything had become clear because of my dramatisation and that he could not even imagine that a humanist could express in words and gestures the essence of life. “If only you were not a humanist!” were his last words. If he were not a cannibal, I thought and then recalled that Benjamin never touched meat, that he was in fact a vegetarian. Yet for me he was a cannibal like the rest of them. A vegetarian cannibal, why not? He calmed down, resting his cheek and stretching his hands out on the kitchen table.
Now freed from my singular audience, I tried to imagine the last moments of Sokolov. He had a terrific reaction and so used his gun for the last time. Yet his own overconfidence killed him. Nobody could react faster than a woman or a tiger. Much better to rely on logic.
Some 15 minutes later it became clear that I would have to drive Benny home.

Chapter 17  In the Remand Centre
I try as hard as I can to protect my mind and soul from the European propaganda machine, therefore I do not follow current affairs in any shape or form. And what would be worthy of my attention in a stable and prosperous society? A goat that fell from a cliff? A farm worker trampled on by a herd of bullocks? A sheep raped by young villains? Do I want to read a list of those elected to the Equality Farm and that of their replacements? Their media also cover acts of terrorism and wars in countries that have not yet raised their societies to biocracy, but these incidents are inferior to the exploitation of enslaved birds, fish and mammals.
A staple theme for European media is the exposure of crimes against life in the humanitarian world. The depiction and condemnation of the customs and inhabitants of my country is a favourite topic for journalists and commentators. Therefore, the life of the Envoy never leaves the pages of newspapers and the lips of political observers. In the first months of the mission, I enjoyed attending lectures exposing my immoral attitudes to life. Stories describing my (often unknown to me) adventures enthralled me. These anecdotes were not necessarily pure fiction and that made them especially enchanting. Was it true that leaving home one day I shoved a goat who peacefully grazed at the gates and deliberately trampled on the tail of a spaniel resting on the Promenade?
This interest has faded away. I developed and perfected the tactics of not watching, listening, reading or caring about anything related to the current affairs and politics of the Continent. Most living creatures share this attitude with just one pitiful exception. And so it turns out that of all the enlightened inhabitants of Europe the Envoy of the Humanitarian States alone perfectly integrates with the surrounding fauna.
Thus, I did not find out whether my victims received gallantry awards and continued active service or retired on generous disability pensions. One point caused no doubt – Sergeant Doll would be promoted. Yet, are they going to make a free prosthesis for his ear? Would they provide him with a designer auricle? I must admit, I preferred that when shaving in mornings he would see his earless reflection and shudder, remembering the teeth of the Tasmanian Envoy.
Some may decide the Envoy is an evil person. This is not true! I am a complaisant and kind individual but I never – never – for any reason turn the other cheek. My unwavering conviction is that in the event of invasion and/or a blow on the head, the aggressors should receive a proper reprisal. I have not attempted to take their lives, and this is not a whitewash as I had ample opportunity to slay Faulkner and his sergeant.
Well, I care little about events, but I am interested in the state of souls – both my own and those of other people. The life of the Envoy ideally suits these predispositions. A private and reserved person, I made the acquaintance of Arthur and since then did not seek out other contacts. I was also happy to confabulate with Benjamin and his bride. She tempted me and yes, I made some awkward attempts to get closer. These people, plus Mlle Soya and Dr Pyrate, sufficed for me. Sure, there are others (after all I am a famous or rather infamous person), but they do not matter.

* * *

Benjamin is a man of my circle and soon he reappeared at my place. It was two o’clock in the afternoon and we were all at home: Mlle Soya busied herself with the housework, I acted as the Envoy (i.e. I sat at the writing desk putting down thoughts concerning surrounding reality) and Serva helped to create this very reality by purring, moving around and occasionally jumping. 
Mlle Soya opened the door and let Benjamin into the reception. Serva did not express any joy, instead she yawned, showing her sharp teeth, and arranged herself to watch from the sofa.
This time Benny was calm and formal. He sported light trousers, a white shirt with short sleeves and a tie with a gold pin. He had to occupy an uncomfortable chair opposite the Envoy’s desk. Immediately he set out the purpose of the visit. His voice was dry and legal. For the first time I felt like I was performing a state function.
“I am asking for your assistance in resolving the case of Miss Taminsky who is charged with an offence of humanism,” he cleared his throat, the tone became a little less dry, sure he recalled the previous visit, “Her case, Envoy, may be satisfactorily resolved only with the help of the Humanitarian States. I am here on a personal errand and do not represent any organisation of the European Union of Life, but you can rely on what is to be said.”
Without diplomatic equivocations, I agreed to do everything possible, impossible and (if necessary) wrongful. Benjamin smiled as only lawyers can do. Such a smile being impressive to an uninitiated individual, expresses only a banal fact of two millennia of practice in avoiding direct answers.
“Very well,” he continued, “I am here with the consent and at the request of Natasha’s father, the Attorney General Mr Arthur Taminsky. We are both worried. The situation can be resolved in the shortest time, but your help is required and appreciated.”
His speech flowed smoothly with the articulation appropriate to an official circumstance. Unlike European politicians, at least he spoke plain English and did not add interjections of animal origins. I learnt that Natasha, having refused the help of lawyers, chose to represent herself. According to Benjamin and her father (and I agreed with their opinion), her decision was wrong. The important role of a defence counsellor in the European Court is to transfer pertinent data to the Formula. The prosecution in turn sends evidence collected by the police, statements of witnesses and other incriminating materials. The judgement achieved by the Formula determines the verdict, which a judge draws up and delivers. This process is simple and efficient, but selection and presentation of data to the Formula could affect the outcome. Therefore, the help of ingenious counsellors is critical.
“She has no experience – she’ll mess it up!”
“We shouldn’t allow this to go to the Formula!” Benjamin concluded. “The decision could be catastrophic! Natasha has to get bail before the trial and then we will ask you to send her to Tasmania. Believe me, this is the only way out.”
There was no need to persuade me – I could see it was a perfect solution. Then he voiced his main point.
“A decision has been made at the highest level not to intervene with Ms Taminsky’s evasion of the upcoming court proceeding.”
That’s the thing – here is the reason for our long wait! The decision at the top to send the daughter of the Attorney General to the humanists. To say it made me happy is to say nothing! How well they have arranged everything! Long live the collective reason of the European Union of Life!
“I agree! The passport will be ready today! We go tomorrow! I will drop everything, postpone my mission!”
“We had no doubt, Envoy. Arthur – Mr Taminsky – said just that, almost using the same words, he was sure that you would take Natasha to a new place of residence. But there is one snag.”
“What’s that? Speak up!”
“Natasha is not filing a request for bail. It is imperative to convince her to do so. She is in the Detention Centre for Dangerous Criminals. Only lawyers are allowed to meet her but she refuses their services. There is no way to release her without her consent and without her application. The decision was made at the highest level. We are asking you to explain the situation to the accused. You’ll get permission from the police commissioner.”
I got up. I was off to get this paper then I sat down and pressed my hands to my head picturing the new police chief.
“What’s the matter Envoy?”
“Sergeant Doll. I’m afraid the new Commissioner Doll won’t oblige after what happened to his ear. What should I do? Natasha’s life depends on this but I must not see him!”
Benjamin rose from the uncomfortable seat. He allowed himself to relax and stretched his numb limbs. Benny even cracked his knuckles – he was smiling, smiling without diplomatic casuistry.
“After the tragic death of Commissioner Faulkner, Commissioner Doll spent 36 hours at his new post. We were lucky. He was elected to the Farm. The list was published in yesterday’s papers.”
“I do not read them.”
“They had to replace two heads of the police during one week. The new commissioner, Isaac Faust, won’t throw a spanner into our enterprise.”
I attempted to reciprocate Benjamin’s grin, but do not think I succeeded. Joy… disappearance of the enemy, but the simplicity of the happening discouraged me. With no effort from me Doll has vanished. I saw with my mind’s eye a leading actor being thrown off the stage in the middle of a play, just when he was about to reply in a decisive scene. What would happen to the whole performance? Once again I tasted the sergeant’s ear in my mouth.

* * *

An irrational fear did not leave me until the very last moment. In the police headquarters I froze at the sight of every officer. Doll’s smile leered at me from the faces of those passing by, and I shuddered casting glances at their hands, fearing to see the sergeant’s fists. Various creatures sat, stood and swarmed in the waiting room. Relatives of criminals? A huge middle-aged man with tattoos on his cheeks towered above the crowd. Three sheep lay on the floor and a cute monkey jumped over everybody’s heads. What are these animals doing here? Waiting for my turn I settled against the wall opposite the transparent partition separating us from the police officers.
Eventually they invited me inside. A police creature, whose appearance I do not remember, led me into a room where human employees were squatting in front of screens and canine ones hustled around their feet. A commissioner promised by Benjamin emerged from the door at the far end. His high-pitched voice overlaid the humming of human speech and dogs barking. He hovered towards me like a singer on a stage. Faust held out both his hands to ward off my proximity. He sang, “You are permitted to visit our accused. Everything is ready – your pass and transport.”
Commissioner Faust was a middle-aged man with a face crossed by regular wrinkles and grey hair. He advanced to the exit, skilfully avoiding physical and eye contact with subordinates. Trailing behind, I realised that in front of me was the remnant of a bygone era. Middle-aged people – Commissioner Faust, Arthur Taminsky. The logic of the new civilisation is such that soon these specimens will be extinct. Many or most of them will go to the Farm before the age of 40 or 45, almost all by 50. A new distribution of the age groups will emerge. Not a new version, rather the old one that existed for millennia before the discovery of antibiotics. A young and vibrant society will be reborn.
In the long dim corridor Commissioner Faust opened the lift door and we descended into an underground garage. The car was for transporting prisoners. I found myself in a windowless compartment separated from the driver. The seat equipped with a safety belt was comfortable. Commissioner Faust requested me to fasten the belt and sang in his squeaky tenor that sounded outlandish in the confined space of the van, “Chirp-chirp. You must not see the way to the place of detention of the suspected humanist Miss Taminsky.” We drove for over two hours and ended up in an identical garage. In an indistinguishable lift, we arrived on a corridor of about 50 feet long with a single door at the end. The commissioner knocked and, without waiting for an answer, chirped, “Accused of humanism Miss Taminsky, the Ambassador of the Humanitarian States of Tasmania and South Australia is here to see you.” So trilling, he opened the door.
He let me into an ordinary apartment. Its living room was slightly larger than my reception. Natasha sat on a couch, holding in her hands a volume of sonnets by Petrarch. The commissioner squeaked in my ear, “I’m leaving! Take your time. Please call when you are finished. The button is above the front door on the right side. Chirp!” I turned to thank him but he was gone.
Equipped with everything necessary, the apartment was comfortable. A soft light, upholstered furniture, a desk, bookshelves, TV and something unusual for European houses: a computer. There were no windows – two wall-screens with views of mountains, sea and forests replaced them. The landscapes looked realistic but changed all the time, instilling an anxiety and a sense of dreaming.
Natasha carried on reading or pretended to read her Petrarch. It was up to me to start a conversation. I sat on the coffee table. Our faces were only a few inches apart. I saw her lowered eyelashes, and pursed lips, her ear – the latter has not changed. Same shapeless chunk of flesh too big for her neat head. However, it no more looked repulsive or even ugly, and I aspired to explore its irregular contours with my tongue. Not once had Sasha mentioned his wife’s ear in his memoirs.
You could contemplate ears, eyelashes and other, accessible to your eye body parts that attract you to a woman, but I hadn’t come for that. Despite a pacifying environment, Natasha was in prison charged with the most hideous crime. I began with a statement, which as it seemed to me should have produced a response.
“I want to apologise. It was my fault. That night I let Buridan and Allele leave Benjamin’s apartment.”
Natasha closed the book, laid it on the carpet and raised her eyes. She, or at least her thoughts, were far from me.
“Let them out? Why did you do that?”
She did not think about Buridan – she had forgot him. Her voice was both gentle and friendly. I held out my hands and touched hers. Natasha did not respond, but she did not pull back either, which was a good sign. 
“I let them go together because I thought it would be for the best. I gave him an opportunity to cheat on you with that sheep. And he did – I’m sorry. I hadn’t taken into account all the consequences, it didn’t occur to me you could go with Vladimir. But now everything must be different, it—”
“But now it doesn’t matter,” Natasha interrupted me.
This statement was encouraging. It showed that Buridan has sunk into oblivion and Helot was also on the way there. Now I was to become her only support. That was the long and short of it.
“I am glad the sad events of the past do not obscure your immediate problems. When we find ourselves in the safety of the good old world, there will be plenty of time to remember our loved ones and to reflect on their fates. First, we have to get out of here. All you need to do is to write a few sentences asking for release before the court hearing. Leave the rest to me – your passport is ready and I’ll go with you to Tasmania.”
“I will never agree to live in the Humanitarian States!”
“What? But why?”
“I am not a humanist.”
“That’s okay. In the democratic society of Tasmania you can hold any views, including being a supporter of all kinds of living things!”
I tried to look her in the eyes, to communicate that I wanted to help her. She leaned back on the pillows of the sofa and stared at me devoid of any feelings. It was necessary to come up with something to convince her, to break the standoff caused by her stubbornness.
I said, “Well, if the Humanitarian States are not suitable I’ll organise emigration to the United Kingdom. There, on the British Isles, it is the same order – they hold your views on life. They’ll give you political asylum; they won’t send you back to the European Union because they do not recognise the Formula’s court.”
“No,” said Natasha firmly, “I will remain in prison until my innocence is proved. If you knew me, if you knew the story of my life, you would not try to persuade me to flee from justice.”
Natasha said this calmly then fell silent, picked up and opened her book. I did not think she was reading poems; rather she wanted to get rid of me. She also switched to an indifferent cold tone because my proposal was tempting. The cannibal holding a volume of Petrarch and wishing to find proof within its pages that she is the person who she thinks she is. Besides, she has convinced herself that she is not a cannibal (that all of them are not human eaters), as she does not eat human flesh in its pure form. Such a thing would be immoral, terrible. How complicated the world has become. The obvious could not convince her. People of her persuasion had developed a complex, one might say multi-stage, diluted cannibalistic ritual. However, she did once cut off a boy’s fingers and stewed them in a beef stroganoff. Well, to hell with the past. 
My hands and feet went numb; my tongue seemed immobilised. I got up, walked around the room, opened one door (there was a bedroom), went through another door to the kitchen, turned the tap on and not bothering to search for a glass put my mouth under the stream. When I returned, she continued eyeing the same page.
“Petrarch did not eat human flesh!” I pointed out.
“I know. I like these poems,” was her first human answer.
“He was the first messenger of humanism in Europe. How can you hold his book in your hands?”
“I do not know.”
“I do. I have found you out when I read the memoirs of your husband – your real husband, Sasha!”
She closed the book. I told her how the manuscript came to me. Then I recounted his life and my interpretation of those events. I finished with the police raid on the Envoy’s residence. I cannot in all honesty declare that I was satisfied with my retelling of Sasha’s story. I omitted details of his love experiences (related to Elena) and at some point I sounded pathetic and allowed myself unnecessary commentary. However, Natasha listened and did not interrupt. All the time she looked away to avoid my eyes.
When the story was over, we went silent for a few minutes. Then she looked at my hands and said, “Well, close to the truth… or at least to my memories of those events. Now you cannot help but understand – I am not a humanist. In fact, I am the forbearer of our society. I was the first to mix the flesh of man with that of another creature for the sake of justice. I invented the Farm. It is these facts that I will pass on to the Formula. I do not need any intermediaries. Tell me – could they see me as someone like you? I understand your desire to help. It comes from your humanism and I do not need such succour.”
Our meeting was at an impasse. She was the forerunner of modernity! The founder of the Equality Farm! All because as a child she avenged her classmate. How many similar retaliations happened in the world? Did Natasha cultivate this megalomania all her adult life? Did such an idea appear after she lost her child and husband? Was it after Vladimir? The fruit of her thoughts in solitary confinement, a delusional idea born of stress? It was her recent fantasy. If Natasha had considered herself the progenitor of the farm I would have noticed. Also, Sasha would have noted such a thing in his memoirs.
It made no sense to contradict her. It was necessary to exercise tact – not to upset, not to offend. We should leave her delirium for later. At that moment one thing mattered – to take her away from the life-threatening zone. I expanded on the difficult fate of great people, creators of the new. She, Natasha Taminsky, is a forerunner of this civilisation. She should, after leaving her country as many revolutionaries have done before, take advantage of the capabilities of a hostile state and defend her progressive views.
“I don’t have any special views, I have nothing to defend,” Natasha said, “All I seek is the recognition that I am not a humanist.”
“Moreover,” I said, putting my hand on hers, “now that your main enemy has disappeared, all of us – including government officials – want your acquittal. But according to experts there is a fair chance of a guilty verdict so you need to leave the country for a while.”
“I have no enemies,” said Natasha flatly.
She joined her knees and laid her fists on them. I squeezed one, trying to convey my feelings.
“You trust people too much. I am ready to believe that you do not feel any hatred. That’s good, but I think enmity is an integral part of all living systems – the lack of enemies could be seen as a predisposition to humanism. I know that you love all creatures, but remember Sokolov and his fingers. He was your worst enemy and after becoming a police officer he continued to dream of revenge. Now that he is gone—” 
“You are wrong,” she cut me short, “Faulkner and Sokolov were different people. I don’t know where you’ve got that idea from.”
She sounded confident but did not look at me, focusing instead on our joined hands.
“Faulkner was Sokolov. He lacked the same fingers!”
“A coincidence, a pure coincidence – just the loss of the same fingers. I know that he died, he died soon after those events. My husband Sasha did not know that and therefore misled you.”
I felt powerless. I still persisted trying to convince her to leave Europe, talked about her friends and parents, and in response I received relentless no, no and no! She will wait for an acquittal and leave this place as a full member of society. I relaxed my grip. Her fingers turned white, she clamped them between her knees and fixed her eyes on the floor.

Chapter 18  The Humanist Natasha Taminsky
The return journey passed in silence. Commissioner Faust wanted to know the results of the meeting but I rebuffed him with, “Haven’t you spied on us enough already?” After such a rude response the commissioner fell silent.
I resented myself for being unable to convince Natasha to understand the danger of the situation. Perhaps she is sick, mentally ill or maybe in need of a qualified help? If Dr Bouni were there, could he persuade her? Make her agree? In the first instance, would he even go to prison to sway a cannibal to relocate to Tasmania?
Her refusal to recognise the former classmate was particularly enraging. The stumps of three finger is the best characteristic for identifying a person! It is more reliable than a photographic image. And even though 20 years have passed and the appearance has changed, the severed fingers remained a lifelong hallmark. 
When we returned to Nice I did not go home. Again and again I mulled over the whole thing: my words, her reaction, then mine. Did she say ‘caw’ at least once? I could not vouch for it, but I think not. Why has she not croaked! Why did she stop doing that? The bloody part-time crow! 
Pebbles on the shore opposite Hotel Negresco marked the dirtiest spot on the coast, yet I took off my sweaty clothes, threw a boulder on them and rushed into the oncoming waves. Only at sea can you regain some sense of calm. The setting Sun baked my head and cool currents stroked my stomach, arms, legs. I wished to see schools of fish passing below me, but felt only my salt-burnt eyes. Turning over onto my back, I stared at the blue sky devoid of any detail. Oncoming waves gently lifted and lowered my body. I wanted to free my mind of Sokolov and Sokolovsky – both were no more. These memories only hindered my efforts to help Natasha. It was imperative to conceive of something to save her. Her fingers under my hand were so pale. 
It crossed my mind that if I could reach one of the floating beacons, I would be able to spontaneously devise a plan to convince Natasha to leave Europe. There was still time to organise more meetings. I swam, believing that there, at the very outer limit of the safe swimming zone (set in the past era), the crucial answer was hidden. I covered two-thirds of the distance when something burned my leg. Jellyfish had become a scourge of coastal waters, their numbers having increased enormously and their stings became painful and dangerous. I swam on until a second one stung me on the stomach. The pain had become unbearable and I abandoned the plan of swimming to the beacon.
Somehow I made it back to the shore and then home. Mlle Soya looked at me, understood everything and, having said ‘pauvre garçon,’ she put me to bed. Over the following days she brought me hot drinks, gave paracetamol and laid soothing compresses onto my head. When Soya was away, Serva appeared – her rough tongue and quiet purring helped me to breathe. 

* * *

After three days my condition somewhat improved but only in a week did I again become a functioning Envoy. I was unlucky my assailants turned out to be so venomous; you rarely run into such specimens even among a novel generation of European jellyfish.
On the day when I became compos mentis and sat at my desk still weakened by the encounter, Benjamin reappeared. He came to report that Natasha was found guilty of first-degree humanism. The news did not surprise me at all.
Like the previous time, Benjamin wanted to hang around at my place. And as then we sat at the kitchen table and drank. However, now I gulped the most and was not prone to speaking. I thought of a courtroom where the Formula’s decision had been made public and the sentence delivered. In it, representatives of all the layers of the European society were gathered – specimen of main taxa of the European fauna. Delegates from various species, genera, families and kingdoms who, according to Homo bureaucraticus, personate the diversity of life on Earth. There were people and their eternal companions – cats, dogs, sheep, pigs, et cetera – standing, sitting and sprawling everywhere. Definitely fish in tanks built into the walls of the courtroom along with other specimens from the sea and freshwater environments. The room buzzed with birds (parrots, tits, pigeons and a falcon among them) and winged invertebrate citizens. They flew over creatures secured to the surface by gravity, touched them with wings and stained them with their guano. There was an unquenchable dissenting din in the court that the judge had to overcome with his voice.
“Who presided over the Court? I hope it wasn’t Arthur?”
“Oh no! Mr Taminsky resigned his position a week before the decision, even prior to your meeting with Natasha. The Deputy Attorney General Dr Ingmar Ibsen chaired the session.”
They separated Natasha from all other creatures – from life itself – placing her in a transparent cube into which they pumped air from cylinders filled with the oxygen of humanism. The oxygen of humanism is an important article of trade carried out via intermediaries between the European Union of Life and the Humanitarian States. Law requires its usage for sequestration of such criminals. At least the cube spared Natasha the bird droppings.
“Baa-baa! Meow! Woof! The decision on the charge of humanism of the human being Natasha Taminsky,” the judge’s voice wedged itself into a pause, overcoming the hall’s cacophony for a few seconds.
A human being guilty of humanism. Could someone else be a humanist? Why not? Surely any dog (perhaps named Toby or Molly) can be. Although no one would ever think of collecting data incriminating them in this heinous crime (even if they put the interests of their human master above all others) and submitting them to the Formula. Oh yes, after learning a few words and expressions could a parrot turn into a humanist? Again, there was the judge’s voice.
“The decision on the charges of humanism…”
The human being used his human voice and human language to convict another human of humanism. 
“Woof! The Formula determined you guilty! Guilty of deliberate humanism! You are found to be an enemy of the living world! Baa-baa!”
They found Natasha to be a racist of the highest order. In case not everyone heard the verdict, its summary appeared on a huge screen behind the judge and right in front of the convicted: ‘MISS N. TAMINSKY HAS BEEN FOUND GUILTY OF HUMANISM.’ A humanist, an enemy, a person who had no right to exist – she has to be excluded from the biosphere. All the people of the European Union of Life have realised this. Could they also convey the verdict to other inhabitants of the Earth? Could a dog or parrot accept the now undeniable fact that Natasha Taminsky is a humanist?
I asked Benjamin. He looked at me the way a good European looks at an alien humanist or the way humanists look at a very drunk person. I was both: a drunk man and a humanist. Yet, the judge’s voice continued to ring in my head, “Woof-woof-woof! The Formula found you guilty of plotting against life on Earth. The Formula found you guilty of placing the interests of one living species above the interests of life on our planet. You are guilty of first-degree humanism. For this crime, the law stipulates only one sentence: you will be taken to the place of disappearance. May all the inhabitants of Earth prosper and multiply.” I wondered what language he used when reading the verdict: English, German, Spanish. I was sure it was not Langlife.
That was it. I knocked over my glass, sobered up and asked Benjamin, “Have they killed her?”
“Not yet.”
“I want to see my comrade, a humanist, before she disappears off the face of the Earth. That is my legal right!”
Benjamin shook his head.
“You have no such right. You may ask for a meeting. The law is ambiguous about such a situation. I am not aware of a single precedent. Your Envoys have not tried to meet convicted humanists before. If you apply, the Department of Justice might have to consider it.”
“Will the execution be postponed in that case?”
Benjamin again shook his head. There was an opportunity… a hope.
“Is there any chance to appeal against the sentence?”
“No. Not a chance.”
Do I need to prolong her agony? Yes, I want to see Natasha again. I want her to know I have not turned away and she still has a friend. I will never forget her. And I will see her ear one more time. I never saw both at once. When I looked at one of them, it seemed the other should not be like that. Both were not visible in profile, and when we faced each other, they seemed just like ordinary ears. I looked up and met Benjamin’s eyes.
“I’ll file the request. Do you have a form?”
Benjamin nodded.

* * *

Reaching a decision on my request took three weeks. Every day, as if going to work, I attended the reception desk of the Ministry of Justice, gave my number to a secretary and heard the same thing: “Your application is being considered.” Once on the 10th day, having despaired and taking the advantage of being the Envoy, I broke through the ministry’s security and, after an hour and a half of wandering around the floors and corridors, discovered the office of Deputy Minister Dr Jean Xo Ming. I put my medallion under the guard’s nose and burst inside. They were in the middle of a session. There were at least 20 of them (all human) from three departments discussing the second word of the testimony introduced into the Formula. In every document there is a second word (if it does not comprise just one), but who would have thought it requires so many words and time of the European functionaries? I sat there for two hours, and when the meeting ended I demanded an answer from Dr Xo Ming. The Deputy Minister closed his narrow eyes and said that he understood the concern of the Envoy. After this locution, he fell silent and I could not extract another sound from him.
Benjamin was ready to talk but knew nothing about the state of my application. True, they informed me that it had a ‘Third European Status’ with the number 3A260157, which assured me that the clerks had not lost the letter. “They consider the application at the highest level,” Benjamin said, “I hope they won’t pass it on to the Formula. You should be patient. It’s best not to disturb Dr Xo Ming anymore.”

* * *

It was Tuesday, three weeks after submitting the petition. I rambled into my reception and could not figure out what to do next. Serva, also nervous, tried to attract my attention by rubbing against my legs. That morning I did not write a word. Cognac was at hand but I had not touched it.
I had not heard a knock on the door or the chime of the bell. Out of the blue Mlle Soya appeared in the room with two men in civilian clothes. Both were of nondescript appearance, I only noted that they were neither too small nor too big. The specimen on Soya’s left held out an envelope – a package of thick cream paper not sold in local stores. They had addressed the letter to me, but there was no sender’s name.
Serva became more nervous than ever and buried her head between Soya’s knees. Trying to calm down, I went to the back of the room where a paperknife was hiding in a heap of junk. While searching for the knife I came to my senses. The text of the document was brief: ‘The Envoy of the Humanitarian States is allowed a onetime meeting.’ Below that: ‘The President of the European Union of Life, Creature Bouk.’ There was no date or mention of Natasha’s name.
The couriers continued to stand on both sides of Mlle Soya. Serva, too, seemed to freeze with her head still buried in Soya’s lap. I re-read the letter five or six times before asking when the meeting would take place.
“Today. Now,” one of them answered.
A van was waiting outside. They pointed to the seat and both couriers, who now became my guards, sat opposite. I could not see the road through the opaque windows. The journey went in silence, not broken by either side. I weighed up what to say to Natasha, how to encourage her, but over three hours nothing worthwhile came to mind.
We arrived at an underground garage indistinguishable from the one known to me from the previous visit. The same individual who spoke before said, “The duration of the meeting is two hours and 15 minutes.”

* * *

It looked like the same cell. Nothing had changed since the day of my first visit. However, it certainly was a replica of the previous one – their justice would not allow keeping a sentenced humanist in the same accommodation where a creature only suspected of this grave crime was held.
The prisoner herself changed. As soon as they let me in and closed the door, Natasha rushed forward (I don’t know where she was until that moment). She clung to me, tied her body to that of the Envoy of Humanists. There was no doubt if someone else came (Benjamin, her mother, father, cat, dog or a jailer), the reaction would be the same. But there could be no one else except me. We were alone there – two unhappy humans in prison where only one was free to leave.
Then, without releasing her embrace, she said how glad she was, how she waited, how she was grateful that I had not forgotten her, how wonderful it was to see me right there in that apartment. I do not remember whether we continued to stand at the entrance, in the middle of the room, sat on the couch or were in some state of motion.
Expecting, hoping for a meeting, I thought a lot, planning what to say but all the scenarios turned out to be worthless. She did not need my words, let alone apologies for the past or explanation of my actions. All she needed was to cling to a human being and to speak, speak and speak.
From now on, I was to become her official messenger! I would have to explain to everyone that an error had occurred! She laughed – she knew the Formula, unlike judges and jurors, was never wrong. But that one was a mistake – the Formula miscalculated!
“I am not a humanist, not at all! If I’d had any humanism in me I would have run with you because then, a long time ago before this sentence, escape was possible.”
She snuggled even closer to me and whispered, “I want to emigrate now if you can. I have to prove to them that I am not a humanist. They do not want to accept that the Formula may fail even once!” 
I had nothing to reassure or allay her. I was just with her, letting her hug me and think I was the only one in the world who understood her feelings. 
Then everything changed. I remember well how Natasha looked into my eyes and recognised all my sins. She laughed, “Well, that’s the end. I always knew what you wanted and I will let you do it now. Feel my ear. You can take it in your mouth and then the other.” She brought her lips to my ear and croaked.

* * *

They took me out, put me in the van and drove away. Facing the same two I wanted to talk, to ask questions, to hear human voices and get at least some answers, but I did not say a word. Not for the fear of losing my dignity. In that police van I did not give a damn about anything, including my mission, but I could not force myself to pronounce Natasha’s name.
Her disappearance must be quick and painless. This is the way of the European Union of Life. Here is a civilised society where no one is allowed to suffer unnecessarily. And what did they mean by disappearance? It was logical to assume execution. I must arrange her escape! Why haven’t I thought about it right then? How do I do it if I don’t know where the prison is? Three hours’ drive, 15 to 30 miles but which way? The north, the west, the east? It is not impossible that they keep her in Nice and just drive the van around in circles to throw me off the track.
My navigator was not working in this wagon. I checked it the first time when travelling with Commissioner Faust. They had not searched me – everything was still in my possession, including my gun, but how could I use it? If I only finish one of them off, then the second (at gunpoint) would have to take me back to the cell. Which one of the two? The right or the left? They are so similar, but one must be the boss and the other a pawn. I had to chance it. Shoot the right one in the leg or shoulder, and if the other would prove useless he will still be alive.
Without looking at me the one on the left spoke.
“Do not think about escape. Even if you force me to cooperate, your actions would be meaningless. The sentence was carried out after your meeting.”
Then I recognised him – the voice of the President’s third adviser on Life’s safety issues. I remembered it from the first months of my mission in Europe when I watched TV and listened to the radio. Unlike faces, I do not forget voices. I let my hand go from the gun’s grip. A fury seized me, a bestial rage that was something only humans could experience. It paralysed both my body and mind. The blood was throbbing in my head and I could not concentrate on anything. I became scared that I was going to collapse right there in the police van, in front of the two executioners. Then I could not punish them – blow their heads off! Kill them! Too trivial a revenge and an easy escape for them. These guards are not ordinary police officers. They are from the highest echelons of power. They are of those who make decisions.
I took the air into my lungs. Inhaled, exhaled. Once again. I calmed myself down and with undetectable movements unfastened the seat belt. The motion of the van was smooth, almost imperceptible. Another deep breath. A gloomy, abhorrent insight dawned on me. I saw only one way to repay them. And they won’t tell anyone but they will remember it for a long time, if not forever!
I straightened up, dropped my jeans and underpants and stepped over them. Thank goodness I had not been to the toilet for over eight hours. They tried to turn away, they covered their faces with the hands but their seat belts did not allow them to escape my revenge. They wriggled like two pinned worms desperate to evade the odorous stream. Feeling evil pleasure, I turned and released my bowel content on the Third Advisor to President of the European Union of Life. Emptied and exhausted, I sank back into my seat. Feci quod potui, faciant meliora potentes, meaning ‘I have done what I could; let those who can do better.’ I cried. A humanist could do so much, but all his actions are ultimately shallow.


Chapter 19  Conversations and Preparations
“Natasha was not a humanist,” Arthur stated. We sat in the grounds of his villa at the same table under the same palm trees 50 feet from the same terrace. Like in the good old days, we drank wine and ate apricots. I, the humanist, was not served meat products and Irina considerately did not put them on the table.
For two days and two nights I had been trying to get to the Taminskys to tell them about their daughter’s last hours and pass on her farewell words to the parents, even though in the two hours and 15 minutes we spent together she did not mention her father or mother once.
I was trying to make contact for a solid 48 hours: went out three times, got into the Golf, started the engine, then removed the key and returned to my residence. I had to because the first time I got a headache, the second it was my stomach and the third… well, I just didn’t go even though all my organs functioned fine. I could not imagine how to say hello to Irina and what to talk about with Arthur. I do not belong to those who intuitively find the right words of condolences and reassurance for relatives. In addition, I myself needed compassion and support.
After the fourth attempt when I had not even left the room, Soya sat in the chair intended for callers and waited until I finished taking the required soothing medicine. This prescription and administration accomplished, I turned to her.
“Yes Mlle Soya, I am listening.”
“Envoy, I wanted to ask you for a favour. Could you come with me to the Taminsky residence?” she asked, dropping he eyes and looking at her hands lying on her lap, “I did work for them for a while and want to hug Irina. In such circumstances we are not talking about sympathy, but we can recall how wonderful their daughter was before being convicted.”
I was happy with her intervention but did not want to show my weakness.
“Well, Soya, as soon as I feel a little better, sure. Right now I just can’t drive.”
“I’ll drive,” Soya said.
She no longer looked at her hands but directly at me, waiting for my compliance. However, in order not to appear pressurising the Envoy, she added, “Today is best for a visit; you and I have free time. We can leave after tea.”
The afternoon snack comprised of a cup of Assam with a cake and buns baked by Soya. I brought Paulina’s recipes and Soya mastered them. I also drank a glass of cranberry water, after which we left the house. My head no longer ached and my stomach was in perfect order.
I feared the first few minutes of the meeting but everything went very smoothly. Irina and Mlle Soya hugged and burst into tears without causing me any embarrassment. Arthur and I moved towards each other suggesting a mutual desire to embrace but we limited ourselves to shaking hands and then stood watching the women crying and tried not to look at each other.
After some sobbing, Irina wiped her eyes and blurted out, “What a pity that we have to eat our children for the sake of justice. Is it not possible to come up with something more fair?” It was clear she herself could not come up with anything and had long ago reconciled with the justices and injustices of the world, including eating children. It was also apparent that there was some confusion in her head, as Natasha was not a Chosen. They had punished her for the crime (real or imaginary) that excluded her conversion into the Solidarity Mince, and therefore Irina and Arthur would not have to eat their daughter.
After hearing his wife’s sentiment, Arthur sighed and turned away. He looked fine – the same smart, confident ageing man I had known for nearly two years. Irina has not changed either – she sighed, complained about the lack of domestic help and served us the usual treats.
We, Arthur and I, were at a table set in the garden. From time to time Irina joined us: sat down, put fruits on our plates, sipped from her glass and then went back to the house. There in the living room she and Mlle Soya had their own conversation. During one of Irina’s absences, Arthur pronounced that his ‘Natasha was never a humanist.’ He was thinking about the sentence handed down to his daughter and his reflections demanded an outlet.
“Even in childhood and adolescence when humanism was encouraged, she was not. I assume a judicial error has occurred. The Formula, as a developing algorithm, cannot be a perfect tool for each and every case. In such an extraordinary examples as this it has patently failed. In terms of justice, the decision turned out to be wrong. Judge for yourself how contradictorily Natasha behaved: she always adhered to the biocratic norms and principles but contributed to sheltering a fugitive from the Farm; she also married a suspected humanist and was friends with the Envoy of the Humanitarian State.”
Arthur continued to argue the details of Natasha’s case criticising the unlimited application of the Formula. He even ventured to hint at the benefits of the jury trial that existed in the United Kingdom.
“Although jurors always come from one species, they are flexible in their decisions and, using the Formula for the analysis of data, they do not obey it in extraordinary and ambiguous cases. I dare to note now, when I express my views not as a government official, that at this stage of our society it is necessary to use elements of a humanitarian approach in justice similar to how the British do.”
Arthur sighed, looked at me and said that the UK jurors would not have taken into account Natasha’s friendship with the Envoy as a messenger of humanism. I could have objected that, alas, Natasha was not my friend, not until our last meeting in prison two hours before the barbaric punishment, but I chose to say nothing. Although I have clear and flawless logic, in disputes I often get lost and miss the key arguments that I easily find when alone. Therefore I stay reticent and just listen to my interlocutors, inserting edgy, sharp and pointed remarks that only the most sophisticated people like Dr Bouni could appreciate. Moreover, I do not normally aim my aphoristic assertions at my opponents. That is why people like Taminsky love to set forth their theories in my presence, not at all aware of the Envoy’s annihilating counterarguments.
I did not notice how Arthur segued from analysing his daughter’s case to a different subject. The topic seemed entertaining and I listened dutifully.
“One of the most progressive features of our society is the death of the funeral. Nobody has yet discussed this in sociological literature.”
Arthur paused and raised his glass. I also raised mine to express a readiness to listen and evaluate his philosophical contribution to the biocratic culture. Arthur nodded and continued.
“Since ancient times, funerals have existed in human communities. In the biocratic society, however, both their number and value are declining. We bury in earth or burn those who end their existence because of illnesses and accidents. However, for the majority – I mean the Chosen – the finalisation of life is free from this obsolete rite. I foresee that with the progress of medicine and transport safety, funerals that were an integral ritual of previous generations will come to naught and become a rare occurrence.”
It was difficult to disagree with this, but I was not sure what the significance of the disappearance of burials has in regards to his daughter. And what would it mean for me? I am a pragmatist and look for practical applications of philosophic theories. I saw nothing there except for the increase in unemployment because of the bankruptcy of funeral homes, coffin makers and undertakers. Meanwhile Arthur, showing extensive erudition, continued to criticise the archaic ritual of the disposal of corpses.
“Coffins, shrouds, burial fires, the urgency of bodily interment… what a senseless expenditure of biological substance, what a stupid investment of resources and time for the living!”
Listening to his desecration of the funeral rites of humanists, I recalled the meeting of the Union and their belief in being Necessary, in their eventual release from the duty of the Farm. I wondered what the former judge thought about their end of life. What did he think about his own ending? Perhaps the question of our own funeral is the wrong one. Although the main participant, in that event we are deprived of our own identity, therefore our consideration of it should be taken with a pinch of salt. Arthur was right to exclude himself from the funeral reasoning.
I am not a fan of funerals either, but – like everyone – I have to attend them now and again. A rite, an action, a tick after the finish, a visual announcement of life for all, except for the one involved. The removal of the individual from the formula of a society. Yes, I wanted to bury Natasha, wanted to make sure she was no more, to cry and calm down. And here they aim for no ending, their deaths go without recognition. How could one live in such a universe? The body of a humanist must be returned to the soil, but they have not done it with Natasha’s. They made of her their own humanist – a humanist of the enemies of humanism. Arthur poured wine into my glass and continued his weary speech.
“Funerals signified the end, and the end was logical for previous civilisations. Only our community has mastered regulating its own size. We are no longer threatened by a lack of resources, overpopulation or the negative consequences of uncontrolled breeding. The more intensive the reproduction, the more productive is the work of the Farm. There would be more Chosen creatures! In fact, we created a biological perpetual motion. No funeral is needed – its absence reflects the eternity of our civilisation.”
Well maybe (probably) he was right. I raised my glass for getting rid of corpses.

* * *

With Irina and Soya returned, our philosophic discourse petered out. We switched to the memories of the recent past. Arthur limited himself to occasional remarks and Irina took the lead. She recalled Buridan and praised him lavishly. It turned out that the donkey was both a kind and well-mannered individual and, unlike most fellows of his kind, not at all stubborn. He was devoted to Natasha – loved her deeply and sincerely. Irina depicted the ass in the most appreciative of words to show his almost noble nature. I drank my wine in silence. Arthur looked at me and smiled sadly. It was bizarre – why was she not remembering Sasha or at least Bars? Had she a suspicion? Was she trying to uncover the truth? The situation became intolerable and to change the subject I surprised myself by saying, “I have to leave you for a while. I’m going to Ireland tomorrow.”
All three of them were also surprised. It was the first time the Envoy wanted to travel that far away. Mlle Soya put her coffee cup down and laid her hands on her knees. Irina asked why travel to the ends of the world? I did not answer – I could not. I had not yet come up with the purpose for my trip.
Arthur drank his wine, wiped his lips and shook his head. 
“To the Republic or to the north-east?” 
By that time I had already decided where and what I was going for. Therefore, my reply was, “To the north.”
“It’s an interesting place. I wish you a pleasant journey.”
Arthur stretched his arms and we rose from the table.

* * *

It was necessary to resolve so many practical problems associated with a trip I had not contemplated for years. Should I go to Ireland tomorrow or the day after? What clothing to pack and what kind of transport to take? It was logical to start with the latter issue. I had to get to Belfast, but all flights were to Dublin and only once a week, therefore the chances of flying out the next day were less than 15 percent. I was happy with this. You never know what creatures you encounter on European flights and how their presence might affect safety. I heard a blood-chilling story of a cobra creeping into the cockpit and another of a ram (who was denied a place next to his partner) raging in the budget seats. 
It remained to decide whether to go by sea or first by rail and then by sea. I put off this decision for the next day. The clothing seemed to me essential. It was August, but summers in Ireland are not at all the same as on the Mediterranean coast. I looked for jeans, a sweater and a jacket – searched for these items all over the place and could not find them even though I had seen them only a few months ago. When I returned to the office after my fourth round of combing the house, Mlle Soya held out a pile of necessary clean clothes. I thanked her and put everything on the desk.
Without warning, Mlle Soya hugged me and kissed me on the cheek. Somewhat surprised I sat on the sofa, looked up at her and the scales fell from my eyes and soul. Before me stood the most attractive woman in the world. It was incomprehensible how I had not noticed this before. Full tender lips that touched my face were half-open and her eyelashes lowered. I held Soya by the hand, pulled her down and she sat next to me. In a fit of extraordinary altruism, Serva moved and yielded her place. I just did not know how to begin our new relations and therefore started with the most important thing.
“Soya, I want you to come with me.”
“I think you should go to Ireland on your own,” she whispered.
Her finesse fascinated me. She understood that it was not the question of Ireland but decided not to show this. An invitation to Tasmania would be like a proposal that I had no right to make. Then I talked about Ireland and what business I had there. I told her all I knew about Sasha Sokolovsky, Natasha Taminsky and Sasha Sokolov, whom I had identified as Captain Faulkner. The only remaining person who knew them was Father Iosaf Yakhontov. I was sure I would find him in Ireland. Soya listened without taking her hand from mine. When I finished she simply said, “I knew all this… my duties included not only cooking and tidying your house.”
The admission of Mlle Soya did not surprise me at all. Rather it would be amazing if such a smart girl were not assigned to observe the Envoy of a hostile civilisation and it would be sad if someone else spied on me. I moved Soya’s hand to my lips and kissed her fingers.
“I know and am glad it were you.”
I had not lied because I said, ‘I know,’ and not ‘I knew.’ We were silent for a while and I almost hated the forthcoming trip. However, Soya understood everything and returned me to reality.
“You want to see Father Iosaf. I get it.”
Yes, I wanted to meet with Iosaf Yakhontov and put several questions to him.
“He was close to Elena and helped Sasha. I want to find the daughter of Sasha and Elena.”
Soya laid her head on my shoulder and said that I would find them both in Ireland. I realised that I knew very little about her – parents, friends, acquaintances, lovers, experiences. It would be odd to address this subject in a darkened room after one and a half years of daily communication. I just asked if something or someone was holding her in the capital of the European Union. She laughed and said that yes – her favourite job.
Serva stretched all her four legs, squeezed her head between us and purred. Taking courage, I asked what she was going to do when her employer leaves Europe. Would she venture to go to a new unfriendly country? 
“We’ll see,” she breathed, “for now, my employer is going for a few days to a friendly Ireland.”
After these words, Mlle Soya kissed me again and left. Serva followed her like a shadow.

Chapter 20  Father Iosaf Yakhontov
It took four and a half days to get to Ireland. My ferry entered Belfast Lough at dawn. Low clouds covered the hills on the starboard side, while Bangor, Holywood and George Best Airport (named after the bipedal footballer) were just discernible through the drizzle on the opposite shore.
In the port, I found a taxi but the anticipated short trip to the Europa Hotel in the city centre lasted almost two hours. Traffic on roads turned out to be much worse than in Continental Europe: besides two jams, in which we had to spend at least an hour, non-intelligent citizens crossed the track with frequency. Not counting rabbits, dogs and cats, I saw dozens of sheep, foxes, badgers and pheasants roaming the thoroughfares. My driver avoided them while showing a keen interest in the purpose of my visit. Relaxed after a tiring passage, I inhaled the refreshing air and listened with pleasure to the almost forgotten Belfast timbre. 
The driver supplied me with a plethora of tourist information on the weather and historical places to visit. He urged me to see the remnants of the wall that once divided hostile religious communities of humans as well as Loch Neagh, the Giants Causeway and the city of Derry. I did not inform him that no folklore stops were planned and we parted friends at the door of the hotel.


* * *

My room had everything necessary for a tired traveller: bed, bathroom, tea and coffee. After a shower and a cup of real tea (which is so difficult to find in Europe) I went outside and the Sun was shining. As I rediscovered the streets, I came across a crowd in the city centre that exceeded all my expectations. A living, flowing stream of sheep, horses, goats, donkeys, dogs and people of various ethnicities. The population density seemed to be 10 times greater than that on the Continent. And this was not surprising, as the north-east of Ireland is a part of the UK. Although the United Kingdom is a developed biocratic society, its own laws of the land rule here as the British Parliament does not embrace the European Union. One of the main distinctions is jury trials abandoned in other countries. Another legislation introduced by Westminster prohibits processing living creatures into the Solidarity Mince before they reach puberty. For that reason they exclude all human children under 14 years of age from the Formula and the Equality Farm. Here, as in the rest of the civilised world, exists the Farm, but another Parliament Bill limits its yearly throughput to three million individuals. Of these, only 400,000 are mature representatives of the human species. Lacking protein products, the country imports from the Farms of the European Union of Life, America, China and Russia.
It is not surprising that such liberal legislation serves as a magnet for refugees from various regions. One senior official from the United States Diplomatic Service told me about rumours (widespread in the central regions of South America and Africa) that they do not include human flesh in the UK’s Solidarity Mince at all. Such fabrications have no basis in fact but all attempts by the media and the government to refute them have so far been unsuccessful. Indeed, the UK’s administration struggles to reduce the influx of immigrants. I do not follow their policies but still remember how the proposal to increase the Farm’s throughput was thwarted by fierce Labour opposition.

* * *

After sauntering through the city until 11.00 a.m. I made it to the Duchess’s University to meet Dr Collins. John was in the Chemical Engineering department and his office in the David Keir Building (a mid-20th century brick edifice spanning the whole block of the university district) overlooked the Botanic Gardens and the ancient cemetery. John knew all the remarkable people of Ireland. With some luck, I expected to find out from him the whereabouts of Iosaf Yakhontov. Setting off for this trip I was not at all sure that Father Iosaf lived in Belfast, but I was determined to conclude the business.
An affable Irishman of my age with greyish temples and a balding crown offered me a choice of tea or coffee. I wanted coffee but asked for tea with milk to follow my host’s lead. We sat in his office; the mountain of examination papers had been pushed aside to make some room for the guest. From across the corridor came an angry moan of a centrifuge on its last legs. The door kept opening and human faces of undergraduates and PhD students showed up. John smiled at them then asked if they could come back a wee bit later. I sipped tea with milk while revealing where I came from and who I was looking for. John nodded and asked unobtrusive questions. He spoke with a mild Dublin accent and did not use the usual-on-the-Continent interjections of animal provenance. I felt so relaxed that I told him about my humanistic status. John accepted this without a shadow of condemnation or terror. 
“I know about Joseph Yakhontov,” he said.
He called him Joseph and pronouncing the surname was not easy for him.
“Yes, I met them in the Botanic Gardens, but haven’t been able to strike up an acquaintance quite yet. Mr Yakhontov lives without a wife but with a pupil. Easy to find him.”
John named the street and explained how to get there. He did not know the house number but assured me it would be a cinch to locate. I finished my tea, thanked him and left.

* * *

Ireland is not just a green and rainy place, it is also a country where the weather can change a dozen times a day. This does not happen every day, but if it does the drizzle can suddenly give way to a blue sky with a lot of sunshine, and everything in the world looks beautiful and life becomes wonderful. And so it goes on until grey clouds draw above and from them a sobering Irish rain pours.
It turned out this was just such a day. I was glad to have a jacket, sweater and umbrella. I found Sunnyside Street without difficulty and worked out the house of Father Iosaf. A small two-story grey-brick semi that was neat and tidy. Under the front window was a tiny lawn separated by a low fence from the neighbours. The owner was absent, but the grass was trimmed and signs of life were visible through the windows. I waited, pacing up and down the pavement. Several neighbours kept an eye on me and at some stage dogs approached for a sniff. During an hour and a half, two sheep, one horse and three donkeys wandered into the street. Also a Chinese family of seven and another one of five, whose ethnic origin was unclear, came home. Given its proximity to the busy city centre the area seemed deserted. 
Upon seeing him, I immediately realised that this was Father Iosaf. He was an animate character of Sasha’s memoirs: a clergyman’s smooth gait, a grey mane of hair over which seemed to hang a halo of an unfrocked priest, and also a civilian, with cassock-like look loose-fitting clothes. With him was a girl. The daughter of Sasha and Elena. She must be now 14 or 15. I stepped to the edge of the pavement and when they approached me, called out, “Mr Yakhontov? Father Iosaf?”
“What can I do for you my son?” was the instant response.
There was no surprise in his voice, only a fair amount of suspicion. I met a piercing gaze of the grey eyes.
“What service can I render you?” repeated Father Iosaf.
The girl stepped back and took refuge behind the priest. I cleared my throat and uttered a prepared phrase, “In a certain sense, Mr Yakhontov, I’m the messenger of a well-known to you Sasha Sokolovsky, therefore I’d like to talk with you about the past and the present. However, in the world I am the Envoy of the Humanitarian States of Tasmania and South Australia.”
After such an introduction I held out my credentials. A rare resident of their countries dares to touch this damned item. The police, bureaucrats, even security guards confine themselves to its cursory study from a safe distance of at least two feet. Father Iosaf took the medallion in his hands, weighed it, turned over and examined the reverse side. I wondered if he would elect to bite it to assess the quality of a noble metal, as it was customary in the old days. Mr Yakhontov chose not to bring the Envoy’s insignia too close to his mouth, returned it to me and crossed himself with a broad sign. “An unclean and abominable badge,” he pronounced, squinting at me, and I heard in his voice the amalgamation of tartness and suspicion.
“Your country is alien to our Orthodox religion,” Father Iosaf was silent for a while and then continued. “Our Slavonic soul, incomprehensible to foreign minds, was the first to reject humanism but allowed imitators to build their primitive pagan theories, known nowadays as biocracy.”
Despite the words of vilification concerning humanism and my country, I caught the desire of the former priest to speak with a representative of a damned civilisation. Therefore I asked him, “So, Mr Yakhontov, could you spare me an hour or two of your time?”
“Why not?” he said, “The Russian soul is an open one. It encompasses everything – humanism and the biocratic brotherhood. Besides, my son, I do not belong to the priesthood anymore. They expelled me from the institution for my grave sins. One more tort won’t harm.”
We stood near his garden. Mr Yakhontov opened the gate and sat on the steps. With a smooth gesture he encouraged me to come closer. He had no intention of inviting me inside – I was not an expected guest and the purpose of my visit seemed vague.
“And you go to the apartment, my daughter,” he said to the girl.
Father Iosaf shifted his body to the edge of the step and I stood up to let the girl into the house. She squeezed between us and leaned a little while inserting a key into the door. Her hair fell forward, splitting near the temple, and I saw her ear… a well-known to me large, shapeless auricle. Natasha’s ear. I swung back, then forward. Father Iosaf extended his hand preventing the Envoy from falling. The door closed, the girl disappeared and I leaned against the frame trying to concentrate, trying to calm down.
“My son, it looks like you’ve seen a ghost,” came the voice of Mr Yakhontov.
“The ear,” I breathed.
“Ah, her ear. It surprised you?”
“I knew this ear, I’ve seen it many times and now I again recognised it.”
“You saw a phantom, my son – a ghost! You wanted to tell me a story and ask some questions. So go ahead. Take a breath young man, the messenger of the humanists, and proceed with God’s help to relate the purpose of your visit.”
I disclosed to him what I knew. We sat on the porch an hour talking and then a second hour passed. It did not rain hard, but when it drizzled we took refuge under my umbrella. I related to him the memoirs of Sasha Sokolovsky. Then I set forth the events of which I was the witness and participant.
“My son, do you want me to absolve you of your sins?” he asked after hearing the story of Buridan’s execution.
“Could you also absolve Natasha’s sins?” I enquired.
“Not in absentia, and posthumous absolution is not allowed. Her sins are now dealt with at a higher level. However, yours are forgiven and you can now sleep peacefully, my son.”
“Thank you Father,” I babbled.
“To thank a God’s servant who absolves sins is inappropriate. But even this is forgiven due to your lack of experience,” said Father Iosaf.
When I finished, without a word Mr Yakhontov got up and went into the house. The drizzle stopped, it was getting dark and the fresh wind brought some chill to the air. The former priest returned five minutes later with a silver tray on which there were two tumblers of vodka and two slices of bread – one served with a burger and the other with cheese.
“God forgive me for eating this on a fasting day,” said Father Iosaf, raising his eyes to the darkening sky, “here is pork and the other stuff is mixed, but I need a morsel after your stories,” he lowered his eyes, looked around and raised his face again, “May the Lord turn this porky goody into a fishy bit!”
Having uttered these words, father Iosaf downed the vodka and dug his teeth into the sandwich. I followed his example.
“What do you want to ask, my son?” asked Father Iosaf, having dealt with the sandwich and shaking off a few crumbs remaining on the tray to the birds. When going to Ireland, and even at the hotel, I planned to ask various questions. Had Sasha met his daughter? When did they last see each other? Plus a few about Elena. However, there on the steps of Mr Yakhontov’s house, all these queries seemed if not pointless then at least secondary. The only thing that interested me was the ear of his ward. And what could you ask about that? I was silent and just twiddled with a blade of grass. Father Iosaf looked at me and nodded his head.
“She does not speak,” he said.
“Is she deaf-mute? Does not hear and therefore has no speech?”
“No, the Lord gave her good hearing but has not endowed her with speech,” he replied.
We fell silent again and sat so for a minute or two. I wanted Father Iosaf to bring another drink, albeit without bread, but he did not react to my unspoken desire.
“Most likely she has some mental disorder because of childhood trauma,” I began.
“Perhaps, and maybe you are right,” Father Iosaf nodded.
“If so, they could treat her condition with psychotherapy.”
“Many medical practitioners used to say that and tried that same therapy on the child, but nothing came of it.”
We continued to sit facing the dark road, and again I did not know what else to say to this so easily found person. After a while Father Iosaf rose from the steps and smoothed the folds of his clothing.
“The darkness has come, my son. If you do not mind extending your visit until tomorrow, come to us about the same time.”

* * *

“My son, humanist,” said Father Iosaf at our meeting the next day, “my child shall go with you to the enemies of life, to your wicked country.”
Like the first time, we settled on the steps of his house. The Sun on that day did not come out from behind the thick clouds, but all the rain – as Father Iosaf noted – had already poured out and the earth had hours to dry in the fresh wind. 
I do not know if the girl heard what her guardian said. She was on the micro-lawn in front of the house busy with knitting a pattern from the grass leaves. Her work was not a wreath, as I thought at first, but a complex pattern that included letters of the Greek alphabet and characters resembling hieroglyphs.
“It goes without saying that your country is abominable,” Father Iosaf continued, “but our child has no desire to be honoured by the Formula. Our daughter is predisposed to the damned way of life, which should be blamed on her genes and the upbringing for which I was responsible. In addition, it is possible they will cure her. This is, however, secondary as the lack of speech does not burden the child.”
This offer sounded like an act of handing a bequest of Sasha Sokolovsky over to me. I took it for granted but became worried about coping with the disabled child and therefore wished Father Iosaf to come with us.
“And what about you?” I asked. “It won’t be difficult to organise your passage as well.”
“I am tired of caring and want a break. Now I will cast my burden on the Lord.”
Farther Iosaf then touched my shoulder and said, “Take her with you, my son – do a good deed. She is not a troublesome one and you’ll soon see that doing good deeds is much easier than abstaining from evil.” After these words, he went into the house and I waited for his return with vodka and a snack. They appeared just as they did the day before. Father Iosaf toasted the welfare of travellers and to the success of the forthcoming move of God’s servants to the land, of which the Lord did not approve.
“You will kidnap her, my son,” he sighed, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. “Yes, as the Envoy of the godless country, you are used to such tricks. Crimes do pay you… and I shall go to her school two days from now and inform them that a humanist took the young maiden away to his depraved state. One body less for the Farm – not a big loss. There is a limitless supply of flesh on this Earth, but only as many souls as we have here.” 
I drank vodka and ate bread. Both were good, and I thought that Father Iosaf baked the loaf himself and had trained the girl. He sighed again.
“That’s life! We are all walking by the grace of God. Sooner or later the end of all things comes.” He called out to his pupil. “Come here, child. Go grab your belongings and do not delay a moment. May you be abducted anon!”
The girl approached, gave him the woven thing and ran back into the house. Mr Yakhontov turned his back to me. 
“She’s not stupid – you’ll discover that soon enough. I gave her money; not a pittance – €5000. Look here, if she is not happy, if once in Europe she changes her mind, do not force her! Arrange for her return to Ireland and I will continue to bear my cross then. That is all – goodbye!”
Father Iosaf opened the door and went into the house. A few seconds later the daughter of Sasha and Elena appeared on the doorstep. 

* * *

I remember Sasha’s manuscript very well. I remember the sequence of events described and many small details are embedded in my memory. I retain the names of people from Sasha’s life: Bogdanov, Yurina, their teacher Ms P. I have lost the name of Sasha’s daughter. Perhaps he did not mention it, just as the names of his parents, or maybe I deliberately obliterated her name from my memory. No way to find this out. The law enforcement agency seized and classified the manuscript, attached it to the case of the humanist Natasha Taminsky and after her trial deposited it into an archive.
Father Iosaf had not pronounced the girl’s name. He called her ‘my daughter’ or ‘my child.’ He probably did it on purpose, noticing my ignorance. Why? For what reason? Perhaps there was none at all – perhaps he did it out of mischief so typical of Orthodox priests. Who knows? I could have asked him or her, but he could have convinced the girl not to give out her real name. Mr Yakhontov had great influence over her. In those few hours I saw them together she behaved like a robot obeying commands, gestures and even glances.
Well, I forgot or never knew her name. I might have expected it to pop up in my memory but I did not wait. I began calling her Natasha. Sure it was not her real name. Inconceivable for Elena. However, if Natasha had not liked it she would have corrected me. She did not.
Talking to Sasha’s daughter – Natasha – is easy. I ask and she makes affirmative or negative gestures. She expresses dissatisfaction by twitching her nostrils and approval with her eyes. I must say I have never seen such an attractive smile.
It was necessary to get used to her ‘talk,’ but soon conversation became a piece of cake. If Natasha wants to say something she writes it down. She always keeps a notepad handy – she leans over it, scribbles there, tears out the leaf and hands it to me. After reading her first message I understood why Father Iosaf said that Natasha was not a fool. In fact she is the brightest person to talk to here in Europe. And her speech (I mean writing) is inflected with poetry.
Her lack of talk is a mystery. However, Natasha Sokolovsky – unlike others – does not really need vocal expression. I even think a spoken word would have deprived her of individuality. It is not only vocalisation that she lacks, I have not heard her making any sounds at all. She does not cough or sniff, there is no rumble in her stomach and I suspect that even with the best stethoscope it would be impossible to detect the beating of her heart.
The other enigma of Natasha is her ear. Father Iosaf was well aware of that, and Sasha had to notice the unusual shape of his daughter’s auricle. However, he had not mentioned even his wife’s ear. Was it too intimate a part of her body to write about?
Yes, I cannot help but see the obvious explanation – Arthur is the father. At some point I came close to accepting it, but further reflections forced me to reconsider. When Elena approached Sasha, Arthur was no longer in the country, and considerable time (a year or more) had elapsed after Elena’s trip to France. Sure, you can assume that Arthur visited her and Elena became pregnant and handed the responsibility to another. Such a scenario, however, does not fit with either Elena or Arthur. Suppose I did not know Elena (except for Sasha’s testament), but I studied Arthur long enough and just cannot imagine him going to another country to visit a lover.
I went over all the options and concluded that Natasha Sokolovsky was Sasha’s daughter. Every time I look at the girl I know for sure she is Sasha’s child.

Chapter 21  The Losses and the Gain
Our passage to Nice took five days. From Thiers Station we made it to the Promenade des Anglais and plunged into a crowd of frantic creatures. Manoeuvring between them, we conquered the short distance from Hotel Negresco to the spot where Boulevard Gambetta descends to the sea. There Natasha ran to the beach. Without taking off her backpack or trainers she entered the water and turned around – at that moment I knew my ward would not be going back to Ireland. She went knee-deep and then waist-deep. I hoped that with the backpack and dress on she would not venture further. One should be watchful – packs of feral dogs were roaming. I stood behind gripping my pistol, prepared for any surprises. Unlike other humans, Natasha does not think of danger: she hoofs down a street without looking back as if walking in a private garden. Now, with her dress up, she wetted her bottom in water teeming with unpleasant denizens. She has been lucky so far – the herbivores and predators meeting her tuck the tails (if any) between their hind legs (if any) and give way. She also does her best to keep her distance from animals. Nevertheless, every time I spy a suspicious European I put my hand in the pocket, hoping that I would not have to upset the girl by shooting someone.
Having bathed in such a manner she returned to land and we headed to the residence. As became our practice, I walked three steps behind telling her when to change direction. I did not hold Natasha by the hand, but she once offered hers to me. It happened when we were leaving the shores of Ireland, on a fishing boat I hired for £4500. Then she was the first to jump from the pier and out of habit (she lived with an elderly priest) turned to assist me.


* * *

We got home in the dark and there was not a soul in the residence. I left Natasha in the reception and went to the kitchen for subsistence prepared and left out by Soya. On the table lay an envelope addressed to ‘The Envoy.’ Pushing it aside, I took provisions from the fridge, reheated chicken, made tea and called Natasha. After she tucked into it, I provided myself with tea and opened the letter. On a sheet torn from my notebook, Soya wrote the following:

Dear Victor, 
Goodbye. I am elected to the Farm and leaving today. No joy, as I know that before my conversion there will be several weeks without you. Serva will wait for you at the Taminskys.
Yours,
Soya

The date was the day I left for Ireland. There was no possibility of drinking to oblivion or crying. I had to restrain myself so as to not scare the child. Usually I hide my feelings pretty well. My emotions are never too obvious to others and that is because of my selfishness, because I love myself too much. And this time I pulled myself together, I just knocked over a cup and spilled the tea. I apologised to Natasha, laughed at my awkwardness and went to the other end of the kitchen for the paper towels. When I returned to clean up the mess Natasha was reading the letter. It became impossible to hide the event bringing glory to citizens of the European Union of Life, and I succumbed to emotions.

* * *

My ward became the new keeper of the residence. From that evening on she washed dishes, cleaned the house and did other jobs unfamiliar to me. On our first evening in Nice I narrated the story of her parents, their friends and myself; spoke to her as if she was an adult, as I did before with Natasha Taminsky. The girl listened without interrupting with her eyes wide open, and I guessed Natasha 2.0 knew little about her origins.
The next morning she made breakfast. When I was sitting in front of a bowl of porridge with a cup of tea in my hand, an insignificant but surprising event took place. Natasha took a bottle and my favourite glass from the cabinet (which is not at all conspicuous) and poured the exact amount of brandy as Soya once did. I looked at the Cognac and wondered how the girl found me out. However, I was not going to give in to temptation so I pushed the stuff away.
“Cognac will be later when we are home in Tasmania. This may happen in a month or in a year. Till then I declare prohibition!”
She blinked, poured the alcohol back into the bottle and stood in front of me, as if waiting.
“Natasha, if you want to say something, speak now,” I said, meaning write it down.
She handed me a note addressed to Victor with the following lines:

“What a joy 
What a pity – 
We won’t come to bury one another.
We, young and old, dead of the future.”

I re-read her oeuvre several times, looked at the young philosopher and asked her to sit down and be silent for a minute, as if she could say something. We sat and kept the silence, or rather I was quiet and she did the same thing as always – did not utter a sound. Then I spoke. “In any story, there is meant to be an end. Sad or happy or anything in between those extremes. Yet, the real end – you are right – is always the same. Everyone eventually dies. Sasha Sokolovsky and Natasha Taminsky are dead, and it looks like your mother is also gone. Mlle Soya will also perish soon. Dr Bouni, my wife Paulina and the wife of Dr Bouni – Maya – will also die someday, and so will my children. Everybody dies apart from one sole exception. I cannot die – I, alone. I am immortal. Well, of course this is not true. I too must disappear, but that will be a different story. It is not a story for me to relate. Therefore, let us proceed assuming I am eternal and my history has no end. Now in the middle of this endless adventure I am going to arrange our move to Tasmania. Today, two things should be done. The first is to go to The Institute for provisions, the second destination is the Taminskys to pick up Serva. I won’t take you with me to these places.”
I stopped, waiting for her response. Natasha made a sign that she agreed. I did not intend to introduce her to Arthur. He might think… Well, I decided not to bring Natasha to meet them. Also, I’d better go to The Institute as usual – on my own.

* * *

I headed to The Institute of Global Food Problems for the last time to see Professor Corsair, say goodbye to Colombina and to inhale the unhealthy fumes of phenol, chloroform and a dozen other chemicals making up the unique aroma of molecular biological research. I was looking forward to a farewell coffee. I imagined how it would hit my head, stomach, bladder, and how I relax in the Institute’s toilet. How, having returned to the cramped office, I would sit on an uncomfortable chair, and after a prolonged monologue on science and brainless colleagues, Colombina delivers me the last ration of reconstituted chicken.
Once upon a time, 20 or so years ago, I realised that dreams were not supposed to come true. They exist for us to revel in their flow, change at will its direction, illuminate it with artificial lights and throw in spices and seasonings. Dreams – a fragrant but not nutritious dish. Yet I always dreamt about dreams coming true: how they would turn, nurtured by me, into a reality, and then… What should happen then was obvious – it would be like in a dream! Well, I never succeed at the last stage – translating my dreams into actuality. However, this stage was not essential, because there was always an opportunity to invoke new fantasies replacing the failed or irrelevant ones. The only thing I wanted to learn was how to avoid unexpected and rude collisions of my dreams with reality.
If I only knew. I would not have gone to The Institute of Global Food Problems that day, but instead bought cheese, bread, vegetables and everything else at the Monoprix supermarket, just avoiding products marked by with ‘Solidarity Mince.’
At The Institute my troubles began at the entrance. The daytime guard, Neil (without a surname), squinted, dropped his fat eyelids and refused to admit me. It was obvious he received instructions not to recognise the Envoy. I should have turned around and left the inhospitable place, but I wanted to be recognised. I filled out a three-page visitor’s form. While filling the questionnaire, I thought that as an Envoy of Humanists I might have just shoved Neil out of my way. However, I wanted recognition in the place where everyone always welcomed me. Besides, they equipped the doors with a remote locking system. Neil could cut me off and stop me in my tracks.
Turning all these facts over in my head I finished the form and Neil then explored it, tracing every line with his thick fingers, adorned by even thicker rings of dubious quality. He took his time shifting the pages, parting his fat lips and sticking out the tip of his fat tongue. Watching him, I recalled my grandfather’s favourite saying: ‘When a dog has nothing to do, he licks his arse.’ In my vivid imagination, a naked Neil bent over, stretched his neck and extended his tongue in a desperate attempt to reach in between his fat buttocks. No, he was not up to the trivial dog’s occupation. It required prolonged exercise and a special diet. Pushing Neil away, I envisaged other people I knew pursuing the same task. Alas, I came to an unsatisfactory-for-humankind conclusion – none of us could dispose of idleness as sweetly as a dog. 
Neil could not decide. He picked up an unusual telephonic device and related my details to somebody on the other end of the line. Then we waited, avoiding looking at each other. After 20 minutes of languor, Deborah – the secretary of Professor Corsair – appeared from the womb of The Institute. Seeing me, I could tell, she wanted to smile but she too was discouraged to recognise the Envoy. She just held out a plastic visitor’s badge that I fastened to my shirt’s pocket while following her. She walked not daring to turn, so I contemplated her legs. If a girl is so inhospitable as not to face you, you may at least take a closer look at her hindquarters. It is easier to attain than that of the Moon. The firmness of the corridor’s floor, absence of stars, moving legs… the roundness of a whiteness hidden under the skirt. Deborah’s rear inspired a welcoming smile.
Professor Corsair did not meet me, which was unusual. I just opened the door to his office and walked in. Dr Pyrate climbed out of the professor’s chair. In agreement with all the other employees of the Institute, she also had changed for the worse. Colombina did not try to hug me or come close; she had not even held out her hand.
“What can we do for you Mr Envoy?” she asked in a dry voice.
I sat in a chair by the wall under the portrait of President Bouk and smiled in a friendly manner.
“What happened to neigh-neigh? Are you an acting professor during Corsair’s raid on Europe’s Banks? If you’re uncomfortable drivelling on about science and life in his office perhaps we can move to your nest.”
My friendliness did not break the ice wall separating us. It became clear that she had erected this chilly barricade sometime prior my arrival. She built it while I was filling out the bloody forms. 
“The Envoy does not watch TV, does not listen to the radio. Does he, neigh-neigh, care at all about European events?”
There was no choice but to agree that I did not. I reminded my learned friend that it was not the duty of the Envoy of a humanitarian state to pick up news from unfriendly sources, but I condescended that she could enlighten me if anything worthy of attention was currently happening. Colombina grinned and shook her head.
“But it was on every news channel! Neigh-neigh, the event of the year!”
She was repeating herself and that was remarkable. She had been so proud of her ability to be brief and to the point. I just shrugged my shoulders.
“Professor Corsair was elected to the Equality Farm two weeks ago!”
Once again I showed my nonchalance. Election to the Farm, even of such an outstanding European scientist, could not constitute the ‘event of the year.’ Although it was doubtless good news for her. The professorial chair had now become vacant. So that was the reason for the changes taking place in The Institute. The power was going to Pyrate’s head.
“Yes, Professor Corsair was honoured by being elected to the Equality Farm, but…” she paused with an air of superiority, “a routine, neigh-neigh, health check discovered that he had liver cancer with metastases! European law prohibits the use of diseased, neigh-neigh, individuals for the Solidarity Mince as you know. While there are no studies showing the dangers of cancerous cells to consumers, oncological patients are excluded for preventive reasons. It is a tragedy!” Dr Pyrate again rose from her chair, “A great scientist, devoted to society, but unable to fulfil his civic duty!”
Aha, that is the misfortune and the substance of pan-European news. Professor Corsair is denied an opportunity to become the foodstuff he has dedicated his life to! A devastating blow – he is instead destined to die from cancer. It happens to thousands of Europeans – goats, people, horses, sheep, et cetera – every month. However, when a well-known scientist finds himself in the same fix, the event receives the status of international tragedy and fills the air and pages of the media. I smiled, not out of evil but with human understanding. He will meet his Waterloo and I am sorry. The professor had made a small fortune from my orders, but he treated me as a human. Sure, Colombina Pyrate has a plan for transforming his curse into a scientific quest. I was not mistaken.
“It is a blatant discrimination against cancer patients!” said she with pathos. “We must address the problem – find a scientific solution! My department put forward a, neigh-neigh, revolutionary proposal to create technology for high-speed eradication of cancer cells from healthy tissue. Our research will allow thousands of patients of the European Union of Life to fulfil their biological obligation! In addition, the quality of the Mince will improve as even healthy organisms may contain abnormal cells. Neigh-neigh!”
“Congratulations,” I said, “I propose to name the project after Professor tweet-tweet Corsair.”
“The Envoy is too late,” snapped Colombina, “the Professor Corsair Project has already been endorsed by the European Parliament at a special neigh-neigh session, and my department received funding of €35 million for the first three years of the neigh-neigh study.” 
So typical of scientists. She could not resist boasting. And then she deluged me with her ideas.
“…the Corsair Project will have a critical impact on our civilisation! Neigh-neigh! The problem of preserving Professor Corsair’s body is considered now for its later safe usage in the Solidarity Mince, neigh-neigh.”
A lump rolled up in my throat. It came from somewhere below and was stifling, disgusting. Although I did not intend to taste their Mince products I was interested to know if they were going to freeze the professor alive or wait until he was dead. Their law prohibits any carrion in the Mince. Oh yes, only Parliament can resolve this issue. I got up. It was time to go. Knowing the answer, I asked about my ration, “What about reconstituted chicken? The Envoy needs food.”
“We suspended all the work on, neigh-neigh, secondary projects and destroyed all by-products,” was the answer from the new professor.
I left The Institute lamenting that I had lost an ally, almost a friend. We were bound, albeit by a confused but sincere relationship. Science was also losing the agent who had been obsessed with research. However, in the European Union an outstanding specialist in the safety of their main food had been born.
Now what about us? How will we live? In the nearest future Natasha and I have to become vegetarians… I never let her touch their products from animal sources.
The next day a letter came from the office of Professor C. Pyrate, Director of the Life Homogenisation Department and the Leader of The Professor Corsair Project. On headed paper she wrote, 

Dear Envoy, 
I always thought you could be a good scientist. If it is so important for you, come. I’ll provide a laboratory assistant so you can produce your grub. 
Colombina.

I decided not to answer. My guess was that after sending this she immediately regretted it.

* * *

My last meeting with the Taminskys did not bring any surprises. Serva forgave the Envoy’s desertion. She sniffed my right leg, snorted in displeasure, sniffed the left, poked her nose into my stomach and hit my knee with her paw without unsheathing the claws. After that she settled down next to me and no longer paid attention to the couple who sheltered her. Arthur dropped a caustic remark directed at the ungrateful representative of the Earth’s fauna and forgot about the cat.
Irina served refreshments and cried. She tried to find out why one would want to leave if one could get on so nicely here: being a humanist, enjoy all the privileges of civilised society. I did not intend to give out my true reason, neither to spin a yarn about missing my wife and children, although this would somehow validate the unexpected departure. I mumbled something about craving a change of place and irresistible desire for movement. Then I mentioned my meeting with an unknown to me priest, who asked me to take care of his disabled pupil.
“Poor girl,” said Irina, wiping her eyes, “baa-baa, she’ll have to live in a barbaric environment. Try at least to give her a true picture of us. You are not at all like those overseas humanists. Why haven’t you brought the child here on the last night? Baa?”
I had to lie again saying that she was exhausted after the trip and refused to accompany me.
“You won’t be able to take her out of Europe,” said Arthur. “Same with Serva. But you surely got in touch with the smugglers.”
The conversation did not stick. Arthur’s jokes sounded flat and dumb, Irina’s tears were superfluous. Why does she cry saying goodbye to me? She managed to hold on much better after the murder of her daughter. Why do I have such a disgusting and phony voice? To talk less about leaving, I drank, ate and praised the wine. Arthur jumped at discussing alcoholic beverages and I eagerly switched to the neutral topic.
“Wine remains the only rudiment of a humanistic society… the last relic that is dear to us.”
“Soon you’ll be asked to abandon it. It will be amputated like everything else,” I retorted.
“Not yet! Maybe much later,” Arthur said. “We’ll abolish wine only when science discovers a universal intoxicating substance suitable for all life forms. In the meantime, we humans continue to enjoy it even though it is antisocial.”
“I’ll drink Cognac and wine regardless of scientific discoveries,” I asserted.
“By the way,” said Arthur, “did you see your friend after returning from Ireland?”
I said nothing, pretending not to hear the question.
“I mean Professor Pyrate,” he continued, “she’s a celebrity now. The most acclaimed scientist of the year. I just wanted to inform you, knowing your tendency to ignore the news.”
“Heard that one,” I replied. “Are they going to free her from taking part in the meat lottery?”
Arthur contemplated a moment and then spoke in a serious tone.
“It is possible that Professor Pyrate will be temporarily deprived of her civil right to be elected. Most likely for four or five years. The European Constitution provides for such an infringement of rights in the interests of the fauna. Colombina Pyrate is the leading brain behind The Professor Corsair Project.”
After these words I felt as if I were no longer myself, the Envoy Victor Sorokin-Benoit. I felt like I was a being of an amorphous formation with vague desires and a sprawling body. I dreamed I sat on a street of the city of my childhood, where thick snow was falling but failing to cover the black spots of asphalt, and at the same time spring streams flowed along the curbs. The sound of these streams produced a continuous noise in my ears. I closed my eyes to wait out the unpleasant sensation.
When I opened them again the same assemblage were standing around plus Benjamin. I said goodbye to Arthur, Irina and Benny and felt happy not to see them ever again. I liked them: the bon vivant Arthur, his cosy wife and Benjamin the vegetarian. They were dear to me as supplements to Natasha, as her ornamental familiar frame. After Natasha’s disappearance, Arthur, Benjamin and Irina ceased to be in the background – they claimed an independent territory in my world. I did not want it! If it were not possible to preserve the centrepiece of the universe, if the circumstances seized and erased it, then so be it. But what’s the point of looking at the wrapper from which a masterpiece has been taken? There was no point in continuing my acquaintance with them.
Farewell, Arthur and Irina. Long life to you and may the Formula save you from fulfilling your duty. Farewell to you too, Benny. Natasha brought you closer to the enemy of civilised society: to the Tasmanian Envoy. Goodbye, I do not want to see you or hear about your achievements in European law, but as a humanist I wish you to fail in the election to the Equality Farm.

* * *

There was no friendship struck up between them, but the girls accepted each other’s company. Serva sniffed Natasha from a distance. Natasha examined Serva without touching. Serva snorted, Natasha bowed her head and both went into the room. They sat at the opposite ends of the sofa, and I touched down in the middle. Serva purred, Natasha leaned over her notebook and two minutes later handed me a note:

She suits you well.
The friends of cats
Do not have rats and mice in their pockets.

I do not comment on her statements. After reading, I slipped it in a folder with her previous writings, and the she held out another one:

You framed us tight.
Consider us to be
The best environment for love –
Alas environments breed faulty feelings.

What did she want to say by this? Was it an attempt to read my mind? An unsuccessful try… Besides, feelings are never faulty.

* * *

A load of tasks regarding our departure piled up for the next day. I had a detailed plan developed with Dr Bouni and was leaving home early in the morning when Natasha would be sleeping like a baby. A drowsy Serva escorted me to the door; she yawned with displeasure and shoved me under the knee, urging me to exit.
“I am leaving you guys alone and hope that you’ll behave,” I said.
Serva stretched her body, unleashed the claws and tested them on a rug, hinting that I should close the door behind me.
In the evening, having done all that I planned and in a good mood, I returned home. A shocking surprise awaited me – perhaps the most incredible one in my full-of-surprises life. The house was quiet and no one met me in the hallway. I strode to the reception, which had become Natasha’s room, and froze. The surprise stood in the middle, leaning sideways against the Envoy’s desk. Serva lay on her back and Natasha held her by the ear. Allele herself tilted her head and looked at me as she did after the murder of Buridan. I dropped on the sofa.
“Where has this beast come from? This monster?”
There was no response. I surrendered to the mercy of the winners, realising that my crime was revealed, the cat was out of the bag, although it was actually a sheep out of the blue. Then Natasha approached an exhausted and traumatized Envoy, but instead of expressing some sympathy she slipped a sheet under my nose:

Experiments with bags and cats
Result in many messy tats.
The secret buried fast and deep
Uncovered by a humble sheep.

I no longer looked at Allele or the rest of them, only at the lines scribbled in the child’s hand. I thought if Natasha had discovered my dark secret with such ease she knew everything about me. The murder of Buridan, the relationship with Natasha Taminsky (which never took place) and much more that even I could not recollect. I did not want her to speak, did not want Lev to induce her vocal abilities. Let her be silent and write notes. Few people could fathom them. I also realised that she knew more than anyone else did. Well, that meant she was well aware of what a singular person I was, what a unique spiritual life was hidden behind my selfish appearance! In short, it became obvious – Natasha is the one who understood my soul… well, perhaps similar only to Lev Bouni. Then Allele, in a strange and unknown to me way, became an element of the wholeness of my existence. It was unnecessary to love this element, but I had to accept it and take her with us to Tasmania.
Once again I looked at Natasha, at her notebook and at Allele who had spent a long time in the wilderness of the Alps. I had to arrange a transfer of one more creature to the Humanitarian States. Well, it was c’est la vie.
“A replete protein food for dinner is for Serva only. The rest of us have to confine ourselves to a vegetarian diet. Allele needs nothing else. As for you and I, we will fast. I, atoning for my sins and you to keep me company. And one more thing – before dinner, someone has to clean and comb the sheep. As I am exhausted, you’re to do it. And please, everything in the yard.”
She proved to be able to not only read thoughts but also to carry out instructions. In less than an hour the sheep was combed, fed and ready for humanitarian pastures.

Chapter 22  At the Crossing
We are waiting for transportation. There is nothing else left. Our ship arrives the day after tomorrow or at most in a week. In the worst possible case it could be 10 days. It would be so much easier to leave Nice on my own by rail, then take a ferry to England and from there by a regular flight home. Over the past year, the United Kingdom has established trading relations with the Humanitarian States. Soon we will exchange diplomats. How simple the passage would be. However, with me is the company of three creatures who intend to leave the Continent – Serva, Natasha and Allele – or is it I who wants to take them out of here? None of them has expressed a desire to go with me, but no one has refused either.
There is no way to leave this shore lawfully. They won’t let us out of the European Union of Life, and even if we get to London my government would not authorise relocation of such immigrants fearing the damage to improving relations. Our only way is with smugglers, with the human carriers. We will sail to Corsica, from there to Sicily and only after that to the coveted shores of North Africa. Only on the Libyan coast will we be safe. There is a diplomatic mission of the Humanitarian States there and they will welcome us aboard a ship going home.
We have to be patient – Africa is still far, far away. On this path, we are among the thousands of living beings (the vast majority are people) seeking to flee Europe. They are dissatisfied with justice, they refuse to fulfil their civic duty, they dream of ending their lives in nursing homes, hospitals and hospices. As if such institutions are more attractive than the Equality Farm, as if it is more pleasant to die from old age and illness. 
Alas, the vast majority of people lack the ability of logical thought. They only pretend to be coherent. They somehow exercise logic in science, or (much worse) in politics and private relations, but as soon as it comes to their own existence the inability to formulate elementary conclusions becomes glaring. They run away from death as if they can escape it, they try to prolong their hours as if it is not obvious that when the last day and then the last minute comes the length of their life will be of no significance.
I am the ambassador of the Humanitarian States, I am a humanist and should take care of people. However, I do not sympathise with cowards fleeing from Europe and drowning in the waters of the Mediterranean. Equally, I do not bemoan those elected to the Equality Farm, because they fulfil their duty and are proud of it. I take care of myself, of the speechless daughter of Sasha and Elena, and of Serva and Allele. I would help other creatures if I struck up close relations with them, assuming they like me and I like them.
We are one of many who want to be there and not here. Yet, we are not from that crowd! I do not intend to endanger our lives by travelling on a raft full of distraught and fearful refugees. We are not going to risk drowning in the Mediterranean waters. I am suspicious of waves and boundless spaces. There are enough means to hire a comfortable and not too ostentatious yacht crewed by a reliable and professional team. I met the captain and talked to each crewmember. They are all honest workers earning money by the transportation of wealthy creatures. Of course I do not trust them; or rather, I put a limited confidence in them. Therefore, I took all the necessary measures to make sure these pleasant professionals would not throw us overboard in the middle of the sea or abandon us on an unfriendly coast, and so they would not even think about any actions not stipulated by the contract. They have received a small advance payment and they will collect the rest when we arrived at the diplomatic mission of the Humanitarian States in Libya. They know that I do not carry any money or valuables. I had to perform some complicated operations to satisfy both the carrier and myself.
Dr Bouni approved of my plan. Yesterday in our last conversation he said that for a lunatic I acted reasonably and seemed to have taken all the necessary precautions. He forgave me for not bringing any of the antique furniture he requested and he promised to take care of Natasha’s niece. Is not it strange that Lev assumed Natasha, Elena’s and Sasha’s daughter to be Natasha’s niece? He said that everyone was waiting for me and wished that upon arrival I would live in the real world. What did he mean? Am I not living in the most palpable of universes? I have always lived in authentic worlds. The only problem is that there are quite a few of them. I, the Envoy, have to move from one to another, and after taking Natasha, Serva and Allele to Tasmania, I will have to go back to the world Natasha once called, ‘A land of the miracle, delivering to heaven all dead bodies and turning their souls to dust.’

###


Many thanks for reading my book. I hope you enjoyed it.

Leonid Anin  
