

The Guardians

Book Two


SORCERERS DUEL


W. H. Cann





W.H. Cann asserts the moral right to
be identified as the author of this work

Copyright 2002 W. H. Cann

Published by W. H. Cann
Second Edition Revised April 2018

Cover Illustration W. H. Cann & Steve Knight
Produced by Knight-Ware
Copyright 2012 W. H. Cann

ISBN: 978-1-47-616631-5

All Rights Reserved

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, actual events, or organisations are entirely coincidental.

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Contents
Title
Copyright
Contents
Chapter 01
Chapter 02
Chapter 03
Chapter 04
Chapter 05
Chapter 06
Chapter 07
Chapter 08
Chapter 09
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Other Books





Chapter One

Mabra System, Fazaal Sector, Gaashox Quadrant

Many Guardians in the Ladorran and Gaashox Quadrants were taught there were two astral realms, the primary realm from where individuals drew upon its power and manifested it as magic, and the upper realm, which was usually referred to as the dark realm. However, they incorrectly believed the power emanating from the dark realm was of evil essence, was fed by negative emotions, and was the direct cause for the evil perpetrated by those who willingly utilised its power.
Those who utilised the ‘dark’ magic became known as Megrein sorcerers, named after the Guardian Denaris Megrein. He was the first to develop teachings based on using negative emotions and their use in increasing one’s strength and power.
The energy from the upper realm was of a different intensity to that of the lower, being more powerful and thus impacted on the abilities of a wizard in a more profound way. It increased the power of a spell, and because negative emotions appeared to strengthen an individual, the ability of one adept in magic was enhanced, which in turn heightened the intensity of their magic.
In the days of the Teragon Knights, those adept in the gift spent many years as an apprentice. They studied the art of true magic, the nature of it, and were, therefore, more adept at controlling the power emanating from the upper realm.
When the Guardians arose to fill the void left by the disappearance of the Teragon Knights, they studied the art of magic in a different way. They focussed on using magical power by thought alone, directing the power where applicable through the movement of the hand, and using the power of the mind to sense and feel the emotions and thoughts of others.
This method of using magic opened the mind to more of the upper realm’s influence. As a result, it reduced their capability of controlling its flow and influence. Using this new method, wizards discovered the ability to perform certain acts was made easier. These were prophecy, seeing visions of future events by simply focussing the mind, influencing the thoughts and actions of others, and being able to move objects with greater ease regardless of their size and weight.
The negative aspect was that the magic impacted on the mind and emotions more easily and more profoundly, which often fuelled the individuals more prominent emotions, usually the negative ones. It was also a common problem with those who discovered they could use magic, but received no formal training, making them more susceptible to its influence.
The new principles behind the use of magic also led wizards, now known as Guardians, to forget the old ways, the ancient traditions of wizards, and the art of casting spells by word as well as thought. Many of the old spells were also lost as the generations passed, as scrolls and books were neglected or destroyed, or simply forgotten.





Chapter Two

Mabra System, Fazaal Sector, Gaashox Quadrant

Empress Treyanna Hefrask appeared unexpectedly on the bridge of the command ship Vindicator. The crew became nervous and avoided looking at her, keeping their eyes down and facing their workstations. Considering how great the losses the fleet sustained were, she appeared surprisingly calm and relaxed, but nobody knew if there was an underlying anger hidden beneath that calm exterior.
“Admiral Jeffron, how many ships escaped the system?” she asked, her voice indicating curiosity rather than frustration or anger. She stood gazing out of the main viewport, her hands clasped loosely in front of her.
“Ten, Ma’am: All starfighters. Their course has been plotted according to their final known trajectory. Would you like them pursued?” A group of ten fighters was nothing to be concerned about as far as he was concerned, and there was little they would be able to achieve regardless of where they went.
“That will not be necessary, Admiral. We don’t know how far they might have travelled, and if my assumption is correct, they would have made several course changes by now.” She was, however, intrigued. Their timing had been perfect, and from what she had gleaned from several sources, was because of one pilot in particular: The commander of Kopaz Squadron. There was also no doubt in Treyanna’s mind that this pilot was the same one she had sensed during the battle, the one who possessed some adeptness in magic.
“I guess not. Ten simple fighters will not be a threat to the Empire or our Imperial Forces, Ma’am.”
“Normally I would agree Admiral, but those Mabraantan pilots were far more than simple pilots. How else could they have executed such a smooth and effective escape?” Admiral Jeffron agreed. “So how many fighters did we lose?”
Jeffron’s face paled and the bridge went deathly silent. All that could be heard was the gentle hum of the computer systems. “Reports indicate eight hundred and sixty-two fighters and two battle cruisers, Ma’am.”
Treyanna raised her eyebrows in amazement and the crew expected a furious outburst. They were not expecting a calm response. Neither was the Admiral.
Treyanna sensed the tension in the atmosphere and smiled before answering. She wondered whether she should not disappoint them, but she decided against it. Getting angry over something that was beyond their control was not going to make it right, nor achieve anything beneficial. “Considerable and expensive losses for one engagement don’t you think, Admiral?”
Jeffron nodded. He was too surprised to voice an answer.
Treyanna smiled again. “The Mabraantans fought hard, much harder than the Krelathans. It was a very impressive performance from a people who are supposed to be peaceful. Now, Admiral, explain how they managed to destroy two of our cruisers, and has this has ever been achieved before?”
“No Ma’am, as far as I’m aware, no cruiser has ever been destroyed solely by a fighter squadron. From reports I have read, a group of seven Manta Class Interceptors managed to break away from the main battle. Two of them engaged our fighters that attempted to stop them while the rest targeted the shield generators and engines. They were highly skilled pilots, probably Mabraant’s finest. Two of the three that engaged our fighters were, well, there’s no other way to describe them, above exceptional. That was why we subsequently deployed further squadrons to defend our flank.”
Treyanna sighed. “It is our greatest sacrifice in the expansion of the Empire, but one we must take action to prevent happening again.”
Jeffron nodded. “I’ll ensure our top engineers scrutinise the assault and the ship’s blueprints, and come up with a solution.”
“Excellent. Now, to other more pressing issues; has the bombardment of Mabraant had the desire effect?”
“Not yet, Ma’am.”
“In that case, deploy the troops for ground assault, and Admiral,” she said turning to face him, “inform me the moment they choose to surrender.”
“Yes Ma’am.”
Jeffron turned to gaze out of the viewport and pondered the Empress’s earlier comments regarding the situation with the Mabraantans. They were supposed to be a peaceful people, much like the Fadarans. Even though they had been engaged in a continual fight against the Krelathans, he thought they would have preferred a non-aggressive solution to the Empire’s encroachment into the sector.
Jeffron had seen so many civilisations attacked and countless millions killed in the name of peace and the growth of the Belocian Empire. Now he was witnessing a similar situation. Even though the losses were far less, it made little difference. The purpose was the same. He wondered why the Mabraantans were so adamant in attacking without waiting to hear from the Imperial forces first, and why Treyanna had refused to even consider her normal covert approach.
Something was not right about the situation.
Destroying the Krelathan fleet was unavoidable, the result being a welcome one for the neighbouring systems. He was a military man, and killing the enemy was not an issue, it was inevitable and he welcomed it. During his service in the Belocian Empire, such ethics and honour were thrown aside to ensure one’s survival, but not any longer, not since that Empire crumbled.
In his opinion, killing the Mabraantans without offer of surrender or peaceful negotiation was unjustifiable, and against a warrior’s code of honour. They were not a warring race like the Krelathans or many others Loprass had come across in his years of service. He believed this battle could have been prevented had the Empress acted covertly and subtly as she usually did, instead of relying on the information she received from her agents.
Loprass had truly believed Treyanna was different to the rest, but now his beliefs were being proved incorrect. He considered this engagement to be the Empress’s first major error of judgement, the one that would cause the tide to turn against the Empire. He suspected the rot would set in from this moment on.
It was the beginning of the end of the Hebradon Empire.
He sighed quietly as he gazed at Mabraant from the main viewport. It looked beautiful from space. As he admired it, he felt as if he had been missing something in life, and an unsettling feeling began plaguing his mind and spirit. After pondering the situation for a few minutes, he made the most profound decision in his life. No longer would he be involved in the slaughter of innocent civilians for no other reason than the expansion of a vast and powerful Empire. His only dilemma was how to act on his decision.
For the first time in his life, he felt more at peace with himself, something that surprised him considerably.

Treyanna entered the turbo-lift relishing the silence and wonderment she had created among the crew. When she turned, she smiled at the Admiral who was casually glancing her way. The defeat of the Mabraantan fleet was satisfying enough regardless of the losses incurred by her forces, and she was not overly troubled by the financial cost, which was relatively insignificant. She was saddened by the deaths of so many of her personnel, especially those who served on board the two cruisers, but that was the price of war and conquest.
Once inside her quarters, Treyanna asked her aide if there had been any communication from her sister. There had not. Treyanna sighed. “We’ll be taking a shuttle to meet with the Mabraantan Senate once they’ve surrendered. Tell Grizarbuc, Pakrowask and Bruzargat to wait for me in the observation lounge.”
“Yes Ma’am.”
The Empress sat in the armchair and relaxed. Although she was not very tired, she was feeling a little drained after the strain of using her magic to assist her pilots. She closed her eyes and cast her mind back to the battle, thinking specifically about the strange presence she had felt, and the exploits of the squadron that destroyed two of her cruisers. There had been one pilot who was adept in magic among the Mabraantan forces, and appeared to be very strong in the art.
The Empress was convinced this individual was the one who led the attack on her cruisers, planned, and executed the escape of the ten surviving fighters. She allowed her magic to permeate her mind and body, focused her thoughts on the moment she had felt the presence, and waited to see what might be revealed. While she meditated, the concerns she had over this presence returned, but so too did confirmation of her belief. An image of the starfighter appeared in her mind. On its fin was a strange emblem, one she was unable to see clearly, but one she knew was significant.
Treyanna smiled.
Feeling pleased with the results of her meditation, Treyanna went to the control console in the centre of her room and operated the holographic projection system. She then activated the recording of the battle, played it at half speed and watched it carefully, taking note of any ship that stood out from the others. She watched as six fighters broke away from the main battle and headed toward the stern of one of the cruisers.
Treyanna looked carefully at the emblem on the tail fins of these ships, and noticed they were unlike any other in the Mabraantan fleet. Pausing the recording, she zoomed in to get a clearer look. It was the head of an eagle with a gem clasped in its beak and ‘Kopaz-01’ beneath the shield. It was an unusual image for a starfighter squadron. She wondered what it represented, and why this squadron was allowed a different type of marking to all the others.
Resuming the projection, Treyanna continued watching the battle. After the second cruiser was rendered useless and heading for the planet’s atmosphere and imminent destruction, the ships that bore the eagle emblem re-joined the main battle. They appeared to be wreaking havoc among her fighters. She marvelled at their tenacity and skill. The superior firepower was ripping her ships apart with ease, and the lower powered lasers of the Zilon fighters were having no effect on them. 
Using the identification marker, Treyanna picked out the one ship she was particularly interested in, the one that bore the designation ‘Kopaz-01’ beneath the emblem. Watching with keen fascination, it was obvious to her that this pilot performed far above the skill level of his comrades. She was amazed at his unwavering persistence against overwhelming odds. It also appeared that even her pilots, whose abilities had been enhanced by magic, had been unable to tail him long enough to get a clear shot.
The Empress was able to determine without doubt that this squadron caused the greatest losses to the Imperial fleet, including two of her prized battle cruisers. She was not surprised when the recording revealed six of the ten fighters that survived the battle bore the eagle emblem on their fins.
“He would make a strong ally in the expansion of this Empire,” she mused. Treyanna tilted her head sideways, deep in thought. She then opened the comm channel and recalled her aide. He appeared promptly.
“I need you to send a communiqué throughout the Empire. All commands are to check every MCI starfighter they encounter for any that have the squadron marking of a green eagle’s head holding a gem in its beak on a blue shield, and the name ‘Kopaz’ beneath it. They are to report its whereabouts immediately on sighting.”
“Yes Ma’am.”
Treyanna took a deep breath and exhaled slowly through pursed lips while calming her spirit. “This individual has cost me a small fortune in ships and crew, but he is a worthy adversary.” Treyanna was beginning to realise her decision to attack Mabraant without offering a peaceful resolution was a mistake she should have avoided making. She had relied too heavily on her contacts, and her desire to use the fleet’s full potential, without taking time to truly weigh up the potential consequences of direct action.
“Admiral Jeffron was correct in being cautious. I should have heeded his unspoken opinion.” She laughed at how easy it was to make an error of judgement and do the very thing one sets out trying to avoid doing. She only hoped it would not prove too detrimental to her plans.

The Imperial troops deployed to the planet experienced little resistance from the Mabraantan ground forces. The defenders knew there was little chance of repelling such a large assault force and surrendered quickly, hoping to keep their losses to a minimum. The defeat of their entire defence force had weakened their resolve considerably, thus contributing to their decision.
Treyanna, her disciples, and numerous squads of Eloran Commandos arrived on the planet soon after they received the proclamation made by the Governor. She and her three disciples proceeded to alter the memories of those gathered as soon as they were able to have an influence on them. Much to their frustration, the sorcerers found their magical powers and abilities were even more inhibited on the planet surface than they had been in orbit. Unfortunately for the inhabitants, it did not prevent the Imperials from pursuing their sinister task; it merely increased the time it would take to achieve it.
On landing, they were met by ten government officials, two senior military officers, and several squads of soldiers deployed in a protective ring around the landing site. Treyanna sensed they were there for the protection of the Governor and his associates only.
Governor Framp welcomed her to Mabraant, introduced those who accompanied him, and then led them to the Senate offices. By the time the party was seated in the secondary audience chamber, the governor and senators had had their minds altered sufficiently enough to be malleable to Treyanna’s proposals.
“Governor Framp, I must advise you that our military action was not taken lightly. Can I assume that by deploying your battle fleet, you had no intention of welcoming us to your planet, or even considering any offer we might have presented?” asked the Empress.
The ensuing silence in the chamber was ominous. Governor Framp swallowed hard, feeling extremely uncomfortable. Admiral Yurgat glared at him, his eyes boring deep into Framp’s soul, adding to his discomfort. The other senators avoided looking in his direction.
 “You assume correctly Your Highness,” he stammered. “However, we now see that decision was erroneous. Alternative arrangements were being considered moments before your fleet arrived. We expected some form of communication from your fleet commander prior to the engagement of our forces. When we did not receive any, we assumed hostile intent and took the only action deemed necessary.”
Admiral Yurgat’s expression softened a little, but he remained angry with both the Empire and the Governor for the way the situation had played out. Despite this, his current thoughts were of reconciliation and acceptance. He also wanted to restore the fleet to its former glory, but under the overall command and service of the Empire. He was perplexed why he felt so accommodating toward the Imperials, having been a staunch opponent to any possibility of accepting Imperial Rule over Mabraant.
“Believe me when I say the decision to engage your fleet was indeed an error on my part. I see now that we could have avoided an aggressive confrontation.”
Treyanna sounded sincere, but her disciples knew it was only an act. They knew perfectly well that even had contact been made, the Mabraantan Governor would have refused an audience. Not one single Imperial agent had been able to manipulate and arrange a meeting with any official.
“Now then gentlemen, what has happened, has happened and cannot be undone. Perhaps we can put the past behind us and forge a new peaceful transition to Imperial rule. There is still much to be gained from a union with the Hebradon Empire, even after such a display of aggression on both sides. We will gladly welcome Mabraant into the Empire with no repercussions, and we promise a peaceful and prosperous future.”
The Governor discussed the situation with his senators, all of whom knew there was no choice regardless of what they decided. The future was already set out and nothing would change that now. There was no hope of deliverance by the forces of the Ladorran Republic, so they accepted all of the terms and conditions of Imperial rule. The memories and ideals implanted by the sorcerers had done its work, and so the last of the dominant systems of the Gaashox Quadrant was ensnared into the mighty Hebradon Empire. If her sister had been successful in her campaign, there would be only one more system left to conquer: Breolis.
Her ultimate ambition was to bring the Hefrask family immense wealth, power, and the rule of the entire galaxy, something she was well on her way to achieving. She was, however, about to make the same mistakes other Imperial rulers had done in the past: Expand her Empire beyond the comfort zone and stretch her forces too far and too fast.
Would this act of aggression against Mabraant bring her ultimate victory and stability, or would it be her downfall? Only destiny knew the answer.
The senators left to carry out their required tasks to bring order to the planet, and Governor Framp excused himself momentarily, leaving the Empress alone with her disciples for a while.
She instructed Bruzargat to contact the Vindicator and have the garrison equipment deployed, along with the special devices required to complete the subjugation of Mabraant.
Bruzargat, Pakrowask, and Grizarbuc were the three remaining sons of Klapozan, a former Senator of Krelath who met an unfortunate accident at the hands of Senator Kegrassio and his accomplices. The other two children were killed with the father, but the three managed to escape and fled the system, eventually settling on Hebradon. Many years later, Empress Treyanna Hefrask encountered them by chance and discovered that all three were adept in magic.
The three Krelathans became her disciples, trained in the art of the magic with the emphasis on utilising the principles of Megrein, and the discoveries the two sisters had made themselves. They studied everything with eager willingness, soon becoming a great asset to the Hefrask sisters and the Empire.
While Bruzargat relayed the orders to the Vindicator, he was advised that Roweyna had been successful, and everything was proceeding according to plan. The Aloshix and Rhyma Systems had been subdued without bloodshed, and the few uprisings that formed following the conquest had been dealt with effectively.
Treyanna was pleased with her sister’s performance, proving her decision to give Roweyna command was a good one. That now left only the Breolis System. Everything had proceeded more perfectly than she could have ever imagined possible, despite the few military engagements. The first phase of her dream was almost complete.





Chapter Three

Breolis Seven, Breolis System, Fazaal Sector, Gaashox Quadrant

The Mabraantan pilots of the MDF and Kopaz Squadron remained subdued as they headed toward Breolis Seven. After passing through the atmosphere, they flew over the seemingly never-ending sand dunes of the equatorial region, and then set their heading toward a large mountain range situated in the lower area of the Northern Hemisphere. Vegetation remained sparse at the lower fringes of the mountain area, but it increased the farther north one travelled.
After flying over the mountain range, Grogaan decelerated, turned to face south and stopped in front of a sheer cliff face. He then hovered on the thrusters as he removed a control pad from a small compartment on the left side of the cockpit. Keying in a code he waited patiently.
Grogaan had not told them anything about their actual destination on Breolis Seven, only that there was an old installation that was left by a race long forgotten, one they would be utilising while on the planet. The pilots were perplexed at the fact that there was no sign of that installation anywhere. They had not seen one, nor had the sensors detected anything that indicated there was a base anywhere.
The rest of the group were curious about what Grogaan was doing, and whereas Kopaz Squadron knew better than to question him, Parrin, who was still unable to trust him fully, was unable to remain silent.
“What are we doing hovering in the middle of nowhere?” he demanded.
Grogaan did not respond.
“This is beyond . . .”
“Shut up Parrin,” retorted Doraant. “Just shut up and wait patiently like the rest of us.”
Before Parrin was able to snap back, the rock face began opening, revealing a hidden cavern. Eldaan gasped. “How the heck did you come across this place?”
“I’ll tell you all about it while we have some refreshments in the canteen,” replied Grogaan.
Zaack was the only one who knew what Grogaan was doing, and why. He had divulged a few secrets after apologising about the issue over his adeptness in using magic. He revealed where he had been disappearing to, where and how he obtained the money to fund their ships, and what he had prepared for the future. Zaack promised not to divulge any of it to the others; it was not his secret to tell.
Once inside and the main lights had flickered on, the sheer size of the cavern was revealed. After shutting down all systems, they climbed out of their ships and followed Grogaan as he headed for one of the doors to the side. He led them through a maze of corridors before entering the canteen. Once inside, Grogaan took out a large bottle containing a blue liquid from the cold storage cabinet and poured everyone a drink. He sensed Parrin was angry, frustrated, and still possessed little trust in him, so he went to the next room to switch on the air conditioning, making him wait for a further explanation.
Lusiana was close to tears, relieved to be alive, and could hardly believe they had made it to safety. She was saddened over the loss of so many Mabraantan pilots, many of them friends, but most of all she was heartbroken at the thought she might never see her mother or sisters again.
Joeen sat close to her, feeling both elated and dejected. She was also relieved to be alive, for having survived the battle, and concerned over the fate of her family. She was desperately missing her cousin Julienna, the friendship and the companionship they shared, and hoped she was safe.
Doraant and Eldaan were delighted to have survived the battle, and thankful that Grogaan had given them an escape route, thus saving them from certain death. 
Three of the MDF pilots were grateful to be alive. They owed their lives to Grogaan, felt guilty for being alive when so many had died, and were filled with regret at the circumstances behind their departure. Parrin, the fourth MDF pilot, sat stony faced, revealing his anger and dislike at being so far from home.
They were the ten fortunate ones to survive thanks to Grogaan’s forward planning: Zaack, Eldaan, Doraant, Joeen and Lusiana, the pilots of Kopaz Squadron; Parrin and Solarn, from One-Four-Three Squadron; Arron and Marck, from One-Five-Two Squadron.
Grogaan returned to a silent canteen, sensed how everyone was feeling, and knew it was going to be a long uphill climb for them to come to terms with what had just happened.
“I just can’t get over this place. When were you ever away long enough to find it?” asked Eldaan, speaking before Parrin had chance to voice his unwanted opinions.
Grogaan sat down between Zaack and Joeen and took a sip of his drink before answering. “It was about four and a half years ago after one of Collatin’s visits. He brought some microdisks with him that contained very interesting information. There were plans and details of settlements established by a race called the Buthalans. A large colony of them had left their homeworld of Shaqua in the Ladorran Quadrant about five thousand years ago, settling here on Breolis Seven. They eventually adapted to the desert conditions, but around half of their colony died during that time. It was those descendants who created the whole complex, utilising many natural caves and tunnels and enlarging them gradually over the following centuries.”
“So how did Collatin come across those data discs?” asked Doraant.
“About twenty years ago, he fled to Shaqua to escape the Imperial Forces. He found a similar complex to this one deep in the mountains, and that is where he found the microdisks with details of this complex. Of course, Collatin had never heard of Breolis Seven, nor in fact had anyone else he knew. He tried everything except exploration, but then had a breakthrough. One of his computer experts stumbled upon an encrypted file that took weeks to decipher. It contained space charts showing the entire Ladorran and Neaffrox Quadrants, as well as the Fazaal Sector.
“He decided to be adventurous and investigate. He had to be careful naturally, not knowing who or what he might run into. Apparently, the whole expedition had taken over five months.”
The other pilots looked at Grogaan with amazement. A whole new realm was opening to the young pilots, one they thought had never existed. Zaack already knew a lot, but Eldaan and Doraant began linking a few facts together, and then realised just where their friend had been disappearing to. They looked at Grogaan and smiled. Grogaan nodded in confirmation at what he sensed they were smiling about.
Parrin remained sceptical about Grogaan and didn’t really believe what he was saying. Even so, he refrained from making any further comment, knowing one of his friends would retaliate.
Solarn sat upright and placed his drink on the table. “Hey Grogaan, you seem to know more of what’s been going on, so tell me, who the heck did those battle cruisers belong to?”
“The Hefrask sisters, if you really want to know. They are the rulers of the Hebradon Empire, which now includes the Mabra System and probably every other system in the quadrant.”
“How did they get hold of them? I thought they were only found in the Ladorran Quadrant you told us about,” asked Arron.
“They used to be, but a large part of the fleet disappeared after their Emperor was defeated. Shortly afterward, several were seen passing through the Breolis and Mathea systems. That was about ten years ago.”
“So how do you know all this Grogaan?” There was disdain in Parrin’s voice.
Grogaan took no notice of the man’s tone. “Collatin possessed a large collection of microdisks he had built up over the years. They contained details of most of the events that had transpired over a twenty-five year period before the collapse of the Belocian Empire. He told me of the most important events and allowed me to view others from the discs. They told me a great deal about his quadrant and the events that shaped it to what it is today. You can view some of the microdisks sometime if you wish.”
“Maybe I will one day,” said Parrin.
“If those battle cruisers escaped to our region of the galaxy, why didn’t the Ladorran Republic forces pursue them?” asked Marck who was intrigued by what he heard.
“Probably because they had more important issues to attend to, and they were short of ships that could engage them with any chance of victory. They suffered considerable losses in the battles against the Belocian fleet. Of course, not knowing what was beyond their quadrant’s outer regions made it a dangerous and risky course of action to undertake.”
“I see your point,” conceded Marck.
“Shouldn’t we fly over to Breolis Primar and inform the Governor of what’s happening?” suggested Arron.
“That wouldn’t be a good idea. It’s a high probability that Breolis Primar has already been conquered or will be too soon for any good to be done. Besides, we wouldn’t have much hope of surviving another battle, and the Breolan fleet is too small to be of any threat.”
“So, what do we do now?” asked Parrin with undertones of scepticism.
“There is only one thing to do. We travel to the Ladorran Quadrant, try to find our senators, and inform them of the tragedy before they return to Mabraant.”
“And how are we going to do that? These fighters may have lightspeed drive units, but there is no way we could travel that far in them. Not forgetting there is also one major obstacle between us and the Ladorran Quadrant: The Mantoa asteroid belts,” said Parrin rather too smugly for comfort.
Grogaan stood up. “Follow me.”
The others followed him as he made his way through several short corridors and sturdy metal doors, finally ending up in a cavern at least four times the size of the one they had landed in. The pilots were astounded at the sheer size of it, and equally surprised by the medium sized transport ship that was parked in the centre of it.
“Where did that ship come from Grogaan?” asked Doraant. “And all that equipment and supplies?” he added when he noticed dozens of boxes and containers stacked against the near wall.
Grogaan smiled. “Just after meeting Collatin, and at his suggestion, I agreed to accompany him here. He wanted to use it as a temporary base for his trips to this sector, but then the troubles with the raiders made it too dangerous for him. When Miranda accepted my proposal of marriage, I decided to take a chance on a possible life away from Mabraant, and with Collatin’s approval, I set the base up as a staging post. After discovering there were vast numbers of Zogal Dragons living here . . .”
“What are Zogal Dragons?” enquired Eldaan, interrupting his friend and looking very worried.
Zaack was unable to prevent himself from laughing at Eldaan’s expression.
“They are massive lizard like creatures that live in the desert wastelands far from here. I hunted a few for their precious pearls, collecting enough to buy the transport and several other items. Collatin agreed to let me store anything I wanted for the price of a single stone. There were deposits of Piamoss Rubies and Emeralds, but they’re mostly exhausted according to Collatin, although I did manage to find a good sized and valuable collection.”
Doraant shook his head and sighed lightly. “So that’s how you managed to afford the ships and the equipment to modify them.”
Grogan nodded, smiling.
“So how is that transport going to benefit us?” asked Parrin cynically.
“It’s a Manta Class Kay-Ex-One cargo vessel designed for transporting fighter squadrons. It can hold twelve standard size fighters, two support ships, relevant equipment, pilots and support personnel. The MCIs are slightly larger than standard, but twelve will fit in relatively easily, and as we have only ten, no problem,” said Grogaan.
“I presume those dragon pearls are very valuable, right?” asked Joeen.
“Yes. Collatin purchased several of them from me in currencies that are acceptable on most worlds in the Ladorran Quadrant, as well as our own. I also have a contact on Breolis Primar that takes some off my hands when necessary. I’ll provide you all with enough to survive until we find some other way of earning income once we arrive at our destination, or we go and find a few more dragons to kill. They’re good to eat as well.”
“That’s incredibly kind of you Grogaan,” said Lusiana, who was still finding it difficult to believe someone could be so generous, considering he had already paid for everyone’s MCIs and the cost of upgrading them. Now he was willing to support them financially for as long as it was required.
The others agreed, but Parrin remained suspicious of his motives.
They knew the chances of returning to Mabraant in the near future was out of the question, and maybe they would never be able to return. So, while they relaxed and recuperated back in the canteen, they quietly pondered what the future might hold for them.
After assigning quarters where the others could sleep for the night, Grogaan retired to his own private quarters. He relaxed on his bunk and thought about the battle. He had felt the pull of the dark magical power more strongly than ever before, and wondered whether he would be able to resist it the next time. He realised that as his anger grew, the stronger the pull of the dark magic became. Unbeknown to him, he was already being seduced by the power and influence of the upper realm through his anger and lingering desire for revenge against the Hebradon Empire.
His lack of emotional discipline was the primary cause behind his use of magic from the upper realm, something he was unaware of. Grogaan’s hereditary gift had started manifesting itself once he began flying at sixteen, but it was gradual. When his emotions ran amok on that fateful day, the effects became more profound and his abilities developed more rapidly. Unfortunately, without a wizard or Guardian to instruct him, he was at the mercy of his own emotional control, or lack of it.
His mind was still reeling from the after effects of being influenced by the essence of that magic, and it impacted on his ability to focus clearly. As he began to relax further, he felt increasingly drained both mentally and physically. He soon fell into a deep, but restless sleep. In the dream, Grogaan saw the Hebradon Empire expand beyond the Fazaal Sector deep into the domain of the Ladorran Republic. With no force powerful enough to defeat it, the Empire swept away all opposition with ease. He saw his own squadron decimated in a fierce space battle, and the vast Ladorran fleet reduced to space debris.
Everything he knew ceased to exist. As a result of the dream, an intense sense of dread filled his mind.
Then an image of Empress Hefrask appeared. She was laughing loudly at him as she drew him nearer using her magic, which gradually enveloped him and overwhelmed his own ability to resist her evil clutches. He saw himself become a servant of the Empress and of the dark realm: A Megrein Sorcerer. He was a pawn in her hands, a powerful one that none were able to stand against, and fulfilled her every desire for conquest, power and wealth. The last image he saw was even more shocking and filled him with terror. He became her betrothed.
Grogaan was awoken from his dream by a loud banging on the door. It was just as the Empress was leading him into her darkened bed chamber, her eyes filled with lust and desire. He sat up quickly, breathing heavily. His head was throbbing intensely. Quickly composing himself, he called whoever was outside to enter.
Zaack entered and saw his friend looking a little dishevelled. “You alright?”
“Yeah, sure, I think so. How long have I been asleep?”
“Nearly two hours.”
Grogaan sensed his friend was concerned for him, and he felt a little guilty. He also felt rather intrigued and surprised that he was able to sense his friend’s emotion quite clearly, attributing it to his increasing abilities. He rinsed his face in cold water to freshen up, and then accompanied Zaack to the hangar. There was much to do before being able to set off for Marderas, but as it had been a long, hard and exhausting day, they would only load the fighters onto the transport. The rest could wait until morning.
While the two walked, Grogaan felt as though he was being haunted by the image of the Empress, and the possible future he may face if events continued along the current path. The thought unnerved him. He shuddered and felt chilled to the bone.

Grogaan and Zaack arose extra early the following morning. Without telling anyone, they flew to the desert regions to hunt a Zogal Dragon. They were lucky to find a medium sized creature about eighteen feet tall. Zaack left the messy work to his friend, who recovered twenty pearls of varying sizes from two to three centimetres in diameter. Their value was more than enough to last them for many years. Grogaan also sliced up a good quantity of meat for roasting and drying for the journey. He felt no guilt about leaving a dead dragon in the wasteland because there were plenty of scavengers that would make short work of the carcass.
The two were back in the hangar, their ships neatly loaded back into the transport before anyone else had actually awoken. Taking the meat into the crew room, Grogaan sealed some of it in containers for the journey, and then slipped a few steaks onto the grill for breakfast. It had been some time since he last ate Zogal steaks. Although it was not as good and tasty as Monkrat, his mouth was watering the moment it started sizzling.
For the rest of the pilots, everything seemed surreal. They wondered if it had all been a horrible dream, but knew it had not. One by one they ventured into the canteen to find Grogaan and Zaack tucking into their food.
“Help yourselves. There’s plenty to go around. Sauces and pickles are on the table,” said Grogaan, who was in a surprisingly jovial mood despite still being troubled by his dreams.
It was a bit early for most to eat meat, but they all tried it, even Lusiana who found it very enjoyable. Parrin was the only one to complain, so he was shown where the other food was kept. Nobody was feeling very talkative, so little was said while they ate. When finished, Grogaan went into the lounge and sat in one of the armchairs. The others followed once they too had eaten. He put his feet on the low table and tried to relax before continuing with the loading of the transport.
He sipped his second cup of tea, allowed his mind to relax, and gradually began feeling more at ease. None of the others suspected anything was amiss, but Grogaan was unnerved at what he had seen in his dreams. He swore to himself that such an event was never going to happen. He would rather die fighting the Empire than join the Empress.
Lusiana looked at Grogaan and could tell he was a little distracted. “Are you alright Grogaan?”
“Yeah, I’m fine thanks. Are you?”
She nodded, but the smile was unconvincing.
Grogaan knew she was still feeling emotionally strained, but was more concerned about what everyone thought of her performance. “You did well yesterday, Lusiana. You should be proud of yourself. I couldn’t have expected anything more of you. You’re a credit to our people.”
Lusiana smiled. “Thanks, that means a lot.” His praise delighted and relieved her conscience so much she was barely able to contain her emotions. Her confidence was lifted considerably.
He also sensed Joeen was not feeling her best, and the four MDF pilots were feeling guilty for surviving the battle when all their friends and comrades were dead. Parrin and Solarn were also angry, and that anger was directed toward him.
Grogaan finished his drink and breathed deeply. “You all did well. Everyone performed far and above what they were called to do. All of you should be proud of yourselves. I know some feel guilty about being alive when so many have died. I do, but what would our deaths have proved? Nothing! Just a few more to add to the thousands lost. We must hold on to the hope that one day we’ll be among those who bring an end to the Hebradon Empire’s rule over our home. It will fall on us to make the Imperials pay for their atrocities against our people. Not only those who died fighting, but those who died in the bombardment of our planet.”
“Here, here,” said Kopaz Squadron in unison.
“And make ‘em pay we will,” said Zaack.
The rest nodded their agreement. Even Solarn had to agree the point, and felt guilty for being angry toward the one who saved his life. Parrin said nothing. He was unable to let go of his anger. It was not that he was truly angry with Grogaan, he was jealous of him. He was jealous of his ability as a fighter pilot, the respect and loyalty showed to him by the rest of his squadron, and he felt he needed to blame someone. That someone was Grogaan.
Grogaan sighed heavily. “Well, we had better finish preparing for the journey.”
Lusiana caught up with him in the corridor and thanked him for placing so much trust in her, for saying what he did, and told him how much it meant to her.
Grogaan put his arm around her shoulders. “I’m really proud of you, pleased to have you with us, and you fit in just fine.”
The young woman was even more jubilant. “I really do enjoy being part of the squadron. I’ve never been made to feel so important, or for being accepted without having to prove myself.” Lusiana was barely able to stop her emotions bubbling over.
“Well, you’re one of us now, one of the Eagles.” Grogaan wondered why he called them the ‘Eagles’. It had never occurred to him before, but realised how appropriate it was.
Lusiana smiled at Grogaan. “Thank you.” She then quickly wiped away her tears of joy, not wanting any of the others to see her being over emotional.
It was a time of strange emotions and little was said as Grogaan piloted the ship out of the base. With one last glance out of the side viewport and a brief thought that he was not going to see the place for some time, if ever again, Grogaan engaged the sublight engines. Once through the atmosphere, Grogaan set course for Marderas in the Ladorran Quadrant.

***

Meanwhile, three pilots from Jestung were currently sojourning on the planet Seratine. They had been there for eight days waiting patiently for guidance from the astral realm, but so far had received nothing. The Empire had been continually expanding from system to system, and as far as they were aware, there were only five systems in the Gaashox Quadrant that had not yet been conquered: Serat being one of them.
Jedrool knew the planet was doomed. The Seratinans were a peaceful people with minimal defences, and they would not resist the Empire’s advance. He also knew it was time to leave with or without receiving the prompting to do so, and there was only one other place to go: Mabraant. The Jestungan remained patient, wondering why he received no indication of what to do next, but then things changed for the worst.
While preparing their ships to leave, they heard dreadful news on the hypernet system; Mabraant had fallen and was now under Imperial rule. The news was not unexpected, but the nature of the conquest was. The Imperial fleet had destroyed the entire Mabraantan defences with no survivors. Jedrool was stunned and refused to believe that all fighters had been killed, which would have included Kopaz Squadron.
He understood why the Krelathans were defeated so decisively, but to destroy the Mabraantan fleet made no sense at all. Hosrak and Wrenkle were shocked and believed destiny was playing strange games. They questioned Jedrool about it, but he had no answers. He was going to have to meditate on it, and where to go next because he had intended flying to Mabraant.
Hosrak and Wrenkle went to the docking port cantina for a drink to wait while Jedrool returned to his room. He sat down at the end of his bed, crossed his legs and relaxed his mind, hoping something would be revealed. An hour later he saw an image of a large white and black eagle swooping down to a lake situated within a mountain range. When he saw several others do the same and then all fly away together, he knew it was the sign he was waiting for.
Returning to his friends, he told them what he had seen. The three were soon blasting off on their way to Mabraant and their destiny. It was a long six-hour flight, during which they found themselves filled with nervous tension because of what they would expect to encounter once they arrived.
An Imperial capital ship was stationed on the far side of the planet, and several fighter squadrons were on patrol. Fortunately, the three pilots had sufficient time to reach the planet before the Imperial fighters were able to engage in pursuit.
They headed straight to the Potrodand Mountains and once within the canyons, they flew as close to the ground as possible. Grogaan had told Jedrool of the many caverns and channels that existed in the canyons and mountains, and that they were a great place to hide.
Landing at the foot of a steep canyon, the three pilots climbed out, and draped the sensor nets over their ships. Then using thrusters only, they moved several hundred metres farther along the canyon until Jedrool located the cave he was looking for. The three pilots slowly and carefully manoeuvred their ships into the cave as deep as was possible. They then took out the extra-large sensor and camouflage nets and pinned them securely to the outside of the cave entrance.
Moments after finishing, a squadron of Imperial fighters flew overhead. The three Jestungans sat and waited inside the cave entrance while the ships flew by several more times. When it became apparent they were not going to be able to venture out for some time, they set up their small camp and made themselves as comfortable as possible.
Two days later, the Imperials stopped their search. Even though no ships flew by on the third day, the Jestungans waited until the fourth before they dared risk venturing out. Two of them conducted a full reconnaissance of the area, and they were satisfied there was no immediate threat of being discovered.
Their first task was to source food and drink. Then they would attempt to learn what was happening on Mabraant and farther abroad. Jedrool was thankful they had crammed the ships’ storage compartments with general clothing and safety equipment. They had to remain where they were until something happened. When it did, it was going to have profound consequences for many, and confirm Jedrool’s belief that Grogaan was the one destined to fulfil the prophecy. It was however, going to be a long wait, the longest the three young men would have to endure without moving on. It was going to test their patience to the limit.





Chapter Four

Shaqua, Shaqua System, Beraston Sector, Gaashox Quadrant

The ten pilots from Mabraant were still feeling rather stressed following the recent battle. Frustration grew and tempers flared because there was so little to do on the transport. This exacerbated an already tense atmosphere, leading to arguments that left Joeen and Lusiana in tears on numerous occasions.
Grogaan knew it was going to be a long and difficult journey, so he suggested stopping on the planet Shaqua, which was about half way to Marderas. The others agreed. There they would be able to glean more up to date information about the Ladorran Quadrant, and any news about their senators’ visit.
After about three days travelling they arrived in the system. With nothing on the sensors, they headed straight for the planet. The tension among the group eased the moment the ship decelerated from lightspeed.
Zaack turned to face Grogaan “Are you sure Collatin’s still there.”
“No, but I’m hoping he is.” Grogaan opened the comm channel and keyed in a special code, but he said nothing.
His friends looked at him with frustration and curiosity. Grogaan realised his ability to sense the emotions and presence of people near to him had increased, and he began to understand how beneficial this ability was going to be in the future. He kept looking out of the front viewport while Doraant kept watch on the sensor screen.
“If he’s still there, he’ll respond,” he said reassuringly. The others were not so convinced.
“Transport Kay-Ex-Seven-One-five, open secure channel Omega-Seven-Two.” There was another pause during which Grogaan switched channels to a pre-set frequency. The voice on the comms spoke again. “Well I never! Grogaan, what are you doing all this way from home?”
“Hello Collatin. We’re just passing through and thought we’d call in for a visit, if you don’t mind that is.”
“Sure, why not. I’ll send the exact co-ordinates. See you when you land.”
The others on board the Miranda’s pride simply glared at Grogaan, wondering how many more surprises he was going to throw at them.
Collatin and his friends were waiting at the base of the boarding ramp by the time their visitors disembarked. “It’s so good to see you after all this time. Must be about what, three years? Boy doesn’t time fly!” said Collatin.
“Good to see you too,” replied Grogaan, who then introduced the others.
The merchant led the group to the bar where he had refreshments prepared for them all. When Collatin asked why they were so far from home, Grogaan explained. Collatin had heard of the visitors from an unknown world in another quadrant from one of his many contacts, but not why they had come.
“Before I tell you more of why we’re here, where’s that lovely daughter of yours? Not hiding from us, is she?”
Joeen’s ears pricked up at the question, and instantly felt a little jealous, but kept her feelings well hidden.
“She’s around somewhere, probably tidying herself up after doing some maintenance work. Why do you ask?”
“I have a little gift for her. As you haven’t been to see us on Mabraant, I thought I’d bring her some of those Marandiote gems. I hope she still likes them, because I doubt she’ll get any more for a long time.”
“That’s really decent of you. Do you mind if I ask you something personal?”
“No not at all.”
“How is that young lady you were courting last time we met, Miranda wasn’t it?” Collatin had met her a few times and thought how well matched the two were. He had also been looking forward to hearing the announcement of their engagement.
Grogaan dropped his head a little at the memory. “She was killed three years back by some Krelathan raiders.”
Collatin felt deeply saddened for his friend. “I’m so sorry Grogaan. She was a fine lady.”
“Thanks. That means a lot to me.”
“So, how have you been since?”
“I’ve managed to get by, but it’s not all bad news.”
“Not all bad news? What good news is there, apart from us still being alive,” blurted Parrin, scowling. “We’ve lost everything you know, everything, and there ain’t no way we’ll get any of it back.”
“We should just be grateful we’re here Parrin. Anyway,” said Zaack turning to face Collatin, “Grogaan’s found himself a new companion.”
Collatin smirked at Grogaan. “You are a sly fellow, aren’t you? So, are you going to tell me who she is?”
“Ellarna Rayshon, the eldest daughter of Senator Blaith Rayshon of Mabraant,” he said proudly.
“A senator’s daughter? Well good for you lad. I hope it goes well for both of you. So are you now going to tell me the real reason why you’re here? I wouldn’t have thought you’d come all this way just to see your senators or for social reasons.”
Grogaan sighed. “Unfortunately, no, it’s about a rather serious development. Do you remember those Hendara Battle Cruisers that passed through your sector and then vanished?”
“Yeah, I sure do, must have been about ten years ago,” said Collatin, remembering the panic it had caused at his base.
“Well, it would appear the commanders of those cruisers joined forces with a new Empire from the Hadon Sector, which is somewhere on the far side of our quadrant, way beyond the Gerash Sector.”
Collatin looked at Grogaan sceptically. “You mean there are more systems beyond the Faidar?”
“Quite a few actually. That new Empire, with a large battle fleet attacked our home planet about four days ago. The ten of us are all that’s left of the defending forces.”
Collatin looked even more dumbfounded. “Well, I’m sorry to hear the news about your home.”
They continued chatting about events that had transpired over the last few months both in the Ladorran and Gaashox Quadrants, during which they enjoyed a good meal and plenty of drink to wash it all down. The one person that was missing during the whole meal was Francine. Grogaan was concerned and was curious why she had not come to meet whoever had arrived.
He knew he had upset her when she last visited him on Mabraant, but never thought she would have taken it personally, or seriously. He wondered if she was purposely avoiding him for that reason, not that he would blame her if she was. “It looks as if I upset Francine more than I realised.”
Collatin laughed. “She gets offended over so many things these days, but she gets over it just as quickly.”
“I don’t know. She doesn’t usually keep herself hidden for so long.”
“You know what Francine’s like. She gets so blinkered when working, she forgets all about time and people. Anyway, she’s long forgotten about you ignoring her, not that you did it on purpose. She was just in a bad mood, and you had other things on your mind. Now, you mentioned something about dragon pearls earlier on. I don’t suppose you have any, do you?”
“You don’t forget a thing do you, Collatin?”
The merchant smiled. “As a matter of fact, I do, and quite often actually.”
Grogaan laughed. “Except when it comes to money and profit, that is.”
“Ouch! But you’re dead right. You can’t do anything without money, can you?”
Grogaan opened one of his flight suit pockets and withdrew seven bright, shiny coloured pearls, each one about three centimetres in size.
Collatin was amazed. He had purchased several large specimens on one of his previous visits to Mabraant. Even though he paid Grogaan far more than he would have done to anyone else, he still made a decent profit. So being offered seven together was an opportunity too good to decline. “I’ll take all seven, for Ladorran credits and something else you might find quite useful.”
Grogaan looked at the merchant. “What could you have other than credits that would be useful to us?”
“Would some alpha class one-point-five model LDU’s be of interest to you?”
“You’re kidding me!” Grogaan was dumbfounded. The Alpha class one-point-five lightspeed drive units had a reported velocity rating of two-point-five times the speed of light, which was point five times faster than the standard class one. This was the next model LDU he had intended purchasing, once he had found a source, and had the Empire not arrived when it did.
“No, I’m not kidding at all. I have twelve of them. Picked ‘em up about nine months back, and I thought you might like them next time I travelled to Mabraant.”
“You always were clever and resourceful.”
“You have to be to survive these days. The Belocian Empire might be history, but there’s still a lot of trouble out there, and a lot of scoundrels too.”
Then Grogaan revealed he had a further thirteen smaller pearls for sale if he wanted them. The merchant was beside himself with delight. Although he had to decline purchasing them immediately, he promised he would as soon as he had traded the seven.
After the exchange was done, Grogaan and his colleagues were offered a place to sleep for the night instead of staying on their ship, which they readily accepted. To spend a night in a firm bed was a welcome relief after spending several days in a ship’s bunk. Grogaan had changed and improved the cabin facilities on the Miranda’s Pride, which made it more comfortable, but it did not make up for the confined spaces.
Francine finally showed herself a little later. She was bright and cheerful considering her circumstances and waltzed into the lounge, quietly humming a chirpy tune completely oblivious to who had arrived.
“Ah Francine, so glad you’ve decided to surface. I was beginning to wonder if you would ever show up,” said Grogaan.
“Grogaan!” she cried out in surprise, rushed up to him and embraced him firmly, losing all sense of propriety and unable to hide her excitement. “It’s so good to see you again.” She then hugged Zaack, Doraant and Eldaan, but when she noticed the two women in flight suits her smile disappeared.
Grogaan saw the sudden change in demeanour and thought it very amusing. He introduced Joeen and Lusiana, and then the other four pilots. Francine acknowledged them and the other four pilots courteously, but then turned her focus back on Grogaan. She viewed the two women with suspicion and jealousy, something Grogaan did not fail to sense.
“It’s unlike you to miss out on seeing visitors, especially as you have so few of them here,” said Grogaan. He was relieved over her delight at seeing him, and it appeared she had forgotten about their last altercation. Francine was, despite her skittish nature, a very polite and friendly young woman, but was prone to bouts of intense jealousy and scepticism. The latter being a result of working with her father for most of her life.
“You know what I’m like once I get started on something; I hate leaving jobs unfinished. Well, I’m here now,” she said smiling brightly. She noticed Miranda was not among the group and a glimmer of hope that Grogaan was now unattached surfaced, although she wondered about the two women who had come with him.
“Fran, I have a small gift for you on board the transport, and I would have been disappointed if I hadn’t been able to give it to you. I’ll go and get it.”
The young woman was thrilled he had even considered bringing her a present and wondered what it could be. Hoping to catch a few moments alone with him so she could have a quiet word, Francine accompanied him when he went to get it. Every step of the way she wanted to ask if he still with Miranda, but her nerve failed her. Why she admired Grogaan so much escaped her. Yes, she thought he was very handsome, friendly, and a pleasure to spend time with, but she hardly ever saw him, nor did she really know him.
Removing his holdall from the locker, Grogaan opened it and took out a package, which he then offered to her. Francine accepted it gratefully, kissed him on the cheek and then removed the outer wrapping excitedly. It was a dark coloured wooden box with golden hinges and clasp. Her eyes lit up when she opened it and saw a large quantity of brightly coloured gems.
“Wow! Marandiote gems. Thank you, these are lovely.” The ecstatic young woman embraced him and then kissed him again. She then noticed the small packet in the corner, which she opened eagerly and revealed four Piamoss gems: Two rubies and two emeralds, worth a few thousand credits. She was astounded at Grogaan’s generosity. “You always know how to please a woman, don’t you?” she said teasingly, and gave him a longer hug and an even longer kiss. Deep within her heart she hoped he would respond, but he did not.
When she pulled away, there was no mistaking the sparkle and longing in her eyes, but Grogaan would not be tempted. He had enough troubles with his emotions over Joeen and Ellarna. The last thing he wanted to do was compound those problems by adding any feelings over Francine. Yes, he liked her very much, had done so since they had first met, but she had not stayed on Mabraant very long for him to seek developing a relationship.
A month after she left to return home following her third visit, which to him seemed like a lifetime ago, he met Miranda. The meeting was a quirk of fate, as if it had meant to be. Grogaan remembered the day perfectly well; it was one of his days off work.

Getting up later than usual, he ate his breakfast slowly while thinking about Francine, and how they might meet again sooner than when her father next planned to visited Mabraant. His only real option was to fly to the Ladorran Quadrant himself, but that was out of the question.
Feeling a little frustrated, he decided to fly into the mountains and spend the day honing his piloting skills in the canyons, and then relaxing far away from everyone. Finding the lake he had visited on a previous occasion, he landed his ship in a large clearing and went for a long walk. While he walked, Grogaan thought about Francine and was not looking where he was going. As a result, he walked straight into a young woman who was looking skywards watching a large bird of prey soaring on the thermals.
“Please accept my sincere apologies,” he said as the woman spun around angrily. “It’s my fault,” he stammered, feeling rather foolish. Then he saw her face and his eyes widened in delight. His heart skipped a beat as their eyes locked. He thought she was so beautiful, the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.
“It’s alright. I should not have been standing in the middle of the track,” said the woman softly.
“No, no, it’s not alright. I should have been looking where I was going.”
“Very well then, it is your fault, but I don’t hold that against you.” There was kindness in her voice. “Are you alright?” she asked when she noticed he appeared fixated with her.
Grogaan blushed when he realised he was staring at her with longing in his heart. “What? Oh, yes, I’m fine,” he stammered, a little embarrassed. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, I’m Grogaan Learman.”
“Miranda Talashon; I’m pleased to meet you too.”
“Would you care to accompany me on a walk along the lake?” he asked.
Miranda accepted and the two strolled slowly along the track. They spent the whole time talking, and enjoyed each other’s company so much, both were smitten. Grogaan’s thoughts of Francine disappeared and were replaced by his overwhelming desire for Miranda.

That was five years ago. Nothing had been the same since.
Grogaan smiled. “It’s nothing. Considering your father hasn’t been to Mabraant for so long, I guessed you’d probably be a little upset at not being able to get any more, so I collected these specially for you. I think there’s about a hundred in as many colours as I could find.”
“They’re absolutely beautiful.” Her eyes still glistened with delight. “There are even some colours I haven’t got, wonderful! Where did you get them all?”
“In the farthest and smallest canyon of the Potrodand Mountains, I found a small cave system which I hadn’t seen before. So, when I had a few days off work I decided to explore it. Most of them were scattered around on the floor in a small chamber I found deep inside. Others I carefully extracted from the walls with a laser cutter.” Grogaan was pleased she liked them so much.
“You’re such a thoughtful and kind-hearted person. I can see why Miranda loves you so much.” Francine gazed admiringly at Grogaan.  She noticed that he was looking a little sad. “What's wrong? Is it something I said?”
“Miranda is,” he paused to take a calming breath, “no longer with us.”
Francine looked shocked. “No longer with us? Oh no, she’s not,” Francine started saying, but saw the answer in his eyes. “Oh no, I’m so sorry. How long?”
“Just over three years.” Grogaan then told her what had happened from that day to the present, and about Ellarna. Francine was delighted about his finding happiness again, and yet she remained jealous of his new friend. As she looked at him, she knew her desire and admiration for him had grown, but her respected for him was too great, and she would never say or do anything that might cause hurt or upset.
After she had given him another hug and kiss to show her gratitude for the gift, they re-joined the others in the lounge where they sat and talked for a while longer. Francine went straight over and showed her father the gems before taking them to her room to add to her collection. She then spent hours admiring her collection, sorting them out and putting each range of colour into a different box. She felt like a young girl again. Sometimes she wished she was still a young child. Then she would not have to worry about relationships or working for her father.
Francine sighed heavily. She missed her mother dearly, and on those days when she was feeling particularly miserable, she would blame her father for her death, even though there had been nothing he could have done to save her. Although he did not show or reveal how he felt losing Jillean, Francine knew he had never truly come to terms with it, and she often heard him talking to her as if she was still with him. Knowing that part of his life had been torn away from him, and there was nothing she was able to do to ease his pain, made those occasions the hardest for her to bear.
The little gifts Grogaan gave her on the few occasions they met meant so much to her, more than anything else, which was why she ached for his company and friendship. He was the only one who understood, the only one who showed he cared, but was always so far away. Now she would never have that opportunity of getting close to him, not the way she wanted. She started to cry, but quickly wiped away the tears, and focussed on her collection.

The following morning Zaack went into the canteen for some breakfast expecting to see Grogaan, but he was not there and nobody had seen him. He knew his friend had been up late working on his ship, but he knew it was unlike Grogaan to sleep in late, so went looking for him.
He was not in the lounge or the hangar, so he went to his quarters. When the door opened, Zaack saw Grogaan sitting in a chair by a small table, his face and shirt soaked with perspiration and looking a little worse for wear. He knew his friend had had a bad night. “You’ve had another of those dreams, haven’t you?”
It took a few moments before Grogaan was able respond. “The worst I’ve ever had.” He was still shaking and breathing heavily.
“You want to talk about it?”
“Not really.” He got up, went to the refresher unit and rinsed his face in cold water, dried, and then changed his shirt. “Let’s go and get something to eat, I’m starving.”
An hour later, they headed for the hangar and began preparing for the final leg of the journey to Marderas. Francine spent a lot of time hanging around the guests, much to the annoyance of Parrin who upset her a few times. Grogaan was furious, but before he was able to deal with him, Doraant and Eldaan threatened to deal with him. Parrin sloped off sheepishly and avoided everyone, doing those tasks that kept him inside the transport.
With everything loaded and secured, the time to leave finally arrived. Francine was saddened to be losing the company so soon after they arrived. She wanted to accompany them, but thought she would only get in their way, not that she expected them or her father to agree. Grogaan had a quiet talk with her before leaving, but she decided to refrain from asking. Although his words made her feel a little better, it did nothing to alleviate her desire to accompany them or to hope for what she could not have.
Surprisingly, Zaack went over to Francine and kissed her on the cheek, gave her a small gift and walked away. He had admired Francine from the first moment he set eyes on her, but he held his feelings back because he knew she liked Grogaan. Now he believed there was a chance, however slim, that if he made his feelings clear she might respond to them. He looked over his shoulder as he boarded the ship and gave her a pleasant smile and a wink. Francine smiled back looking very pleased.
Grogaan noticed them smiling at each other and was surprised at Zaack’s thoughtfulness toward her. He never really thought Zaack was attracted to her that much. His friend had never mentioned how he felt, but that was Zaack: Always keeping things to himself. Grogaan was pleased for him and hoped something might come of it.
Grogaan said his final farewell to Collatin before walking up the boarding ramp without looking back at Francine. He entered the flight cabin and sat in the co-pilot’s seat, suggesting Eldaan pilot the transport to Marderas while the rest of them changed the LDU’s. Eldaan accepted the offer without hesitation and the ship was soon accelerating to half sublight speed.

Back in the hangar, Francine was filled with mixed emotions: Sad and miserable because there was no real hope of her having a relationship with Grogaan, the one whom she truly admired; delight and hope, because Zaack had revealed that he cared and had feelings for her. Now both had gone leaving her all alone, and she had nobody to pour out her heart to. The one woman with whom she was close enough to speak to about such things, her cousin Petulea, had left two years ago when she married one of the engineers’ brothers who lived on Marderas.
As she saw the ship disappear, Francine’s mixed emotions became too much for her to maintain her composure. She became depressed and miserable.
Collatin appeared in the hangar looking for his daughter. Seeing her looking sad and despondent he asked if there was anything wrong. Francine glared at him, said nothing and stormed off to her room. She was stuck on a boring planet with no friends, no excitement, and no chance of meeting someone to fall in love with. Even those that did visit never stayed very long.
Then her thoughts turned to Zaack. She realised she had not yet opened the gift he gave her before leaving. Francine touched her cheek where he had kissed her. The touch of his lips had sent a shiver up her spine. As she thought about him, her downcast mood lifted, leaving her feeling so much happier.
Opening the carefully wrapped item revealed a rectangular box covered in velvet, with a lovely golden clasp. Her hand shook with excitement. She held her breath as she opened the box, and then gasped in shock. Inside lay a gold, leaf shaped pendant on a delicate golden chain. At the top of the pendant and just below the leaf stalk was a small emerald. Following the line of the central vein was a row of tiny emeralds and diamonds.
The young woman rolled over onto her back and lovingly admired the pendant. Nobody had ever given her such a lovely gift, other than Grogaan, and the fact that it was Zaack still surprised her. It made her feel so special.
She laughed at the irony of it. After all this time, one who openly showed admiration of her was unable to remain at the base long enough for her to get to know more intimately. She had always liked Zaack, but never really thought about him in the romantic way, until now. Now all she was able to hope for was a chance to meet up with him again soon, and before he ended up falling in love with someone else.
Francine made a firm decision; the next time Grogaan and his friends arrived on Shaqua, she was going ask if they would let her accompany them wherever they were going. If they said yes, she was going to leave with them regardless of whether her father agreed. She decided it was time to do something she wanted to do for herself. She was old enough. She believed she was sensible enough. Now all she needed was the confidence to do it, although that was her main problem: Having the confidence to leave all she had ever known, the security and the comfort of being with her father.

Once the Miranda’s pride accelerated to lightspeed, Grogaan left Eldaan in control of the ship, and joined the others in the cargo hold. They set about changing the LDU’s in all the ships and were surprised how quickly the task was done. Now all they needed was testing, but that would have to wait until they reached Marderas in about three days time.
Returning to sub-lightspeed near to Marderas, Zaack and Grogaan strapped into their starfighters and prepared for flight. Eldaan throttled back and when the transport slowed sufficiently, opened the cargo doors. Using thrusters only, the two pilots carefully flew out of the ship and adopted escort formation. They headed directly for the planet and were about to make contact when they were contacted by Marderas Space Control Centre: The MSCC.
There was some concern at the MSCC when the Mabraantan transport ship appeared on the long-range sensors. The comms officer scanned through the identification charts to find out what make the ships were. When they were unable to find them, some of the junior officers who happened to be new recruits, became very anxious. Their immediate thought was that they belonged to some hostile race and were part of a forward reconnaissance group.
“Vessel Kay-Ex-Seven-One-Five, this is Marderas Space Control Centre, state your purpose for entering the system.”
“This is Transport Kay-Ex-Seven-One-Five requesting clearance for landing on Marderas. We are citizens from Mabraant in the Gaashox Quadrant and have urgent business with our senators who should have arrived in the last week or so.”
Grogaan listened to Eldaan’s conversation with the officer over the ships’ internal communications system.
There were sighs of relief from the junior officers on duty at the MSCC.
“Please confirm your identity,” asked the comms officer.
Grogaan opened the comm channel. “Marderas Space Control Centre, this is Squadron Leader Grogaan Learman of the Mabra Defence Force. Please inform your superior officer that I need to speak with Senator Blaith Rayshon, the senior representative of the diplomatic party from the Mabraantan Senate. He will confirm our identities.”
“Hold your current course until we receive confirmation, Squadron Leader Learman.”

In the foyer to one of the palace conference chambers, Ambrelia, who was Governor Morrawen’s office administrator, was busy at the computer terminal when the MSCC officer contacted. She confirmed that Senator Blaith Rayshon was a member of a diplomatic party from Mabraant, and was currently in conference, but she would have to enquire about Squadron Leader Learman. Ambrelia put the lieutenant on hold and went to the relevant chamber.
“Forgive me for interrupting you Governor Morrawen,” whispered Ambrelia.
“What is it?”
“The MSCC is asking if Senator Rayshon can confirm if he knows a Squadron Leader Grogaan Learman of the Mabra Defence Force.”
Rosaline looked over toward Blaith Rayshon. “Senator?” she asked.
“Yes. He’s one of our top pilots and a friend. Why do you ask?”
“MSCC says he’s requesting landing authorisation.”
The Senator was shocked when he heard Ambrelia’s statement. “He’s here? I must meet with him immediately, if you don’t object Governor.”
“Tell MSCC to give him landing permission here at the palace,” said Governor Morrawen.
“There are three ships Governor, two starfighters and a transport.”
“I presume Squadron Leader Learman is in one of the fighters?”
Ambrelia nodded affirmatively.
“Give instructions that the transport is to land at Defence Operations Site alpha-one. The two fighters are to land here at the palace.”
“Very well Governor.” Ambrelia returned to the comm system, and relayed the information to the MSCC officer, whose image was still on the screen and who was looking very impatient. The lieutenant’s image disappeared from the comm without another word. Ambrelia shook her head and sighed. ‘Ignorant man!’ she thought.

The communications officer relayed the instructions to Grogaan, and then transmitted the relevant authorisation codes.
Grogaan acknowledged receipt, instructed Eldaan to land at the designated site, and said that he and Zaack would meet up with them later. The transport altered its course accordingly, while Grogaan and Zaack set course for the palace.
“Well Zaack, here we go!”
“I hope the senators take this well. You can guarantee they’re probably frantic wondering why we’re here.”
“I bet they are. I just hope the locals are friendly.”
“At least one person will be pleased to see you.”
“I only wish it had been under different circumstances.” He was desperate to see Ellarna again, and missed her company so much it hurt. It was only the thought of seeing her that helped him keep his emotions under control.
“Me too. At least we’re alive, thanks to you. I owe you big time friend.”
Grogaan looked toward Zaack’s starfighter and smiled. “You owe me nothing. You’d have done the same if the roles had been reversed. Besides, we haven’t got many friends now, have we?” The fact hit Grogaan harder than he expected. Apart from Kopaz Squadron and Ellarna, he had no other friends; they were all dead, killed either by the Krelathans or the Imperials in the battle of Mabraant.
“Too right there.”
There was much to be thankful for, but Grogaan was fighting the rising feeling of failure for not having been able to stop the Imperial fleet, even though he knew that had been an impossible feat.





Chapter Five

Marderas, Madera System, Manora Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

The senators were in their sixth meeting discussing the request for military aid to Mabraant when they heard of Grogaan’s unexpected arrival. Senator Rayshon was pleased with the progress they had made so far, even though the negotiations were much slower than he wished. The Ladorran Republic forces had more than adequate numbers of cruisers available. However, reassigning them to a venture of this kind required a lot of evidence and justification to support the case, especially if there was to be a major conflict that increased the chances of loss of life and equipment.
Governor Morrawen had indicated she would agree to the request and send a battle fleet without requiring much persuasion. She immediately understood the benefits of establishing relations with other peaceful worlds, especially those from a neighbouring quadrant. The ruling Senate was, however, more reluctant to become involved in disputes concerning worlds beyond their quadrant border.
As soon as Blaith heard that Grogaan had arrived in the Madera system and was requesting landing permission, he knew something was wrong; something terrible had happened. He also knew Grogaan would not have left Mabraant without very good reason, not even because of the relationship with his daughter. He feared the worst. If his arrival was indeed for that reason, the petitioning of the Ladorran Republic would not be for ships to defend against the advancement of the Hebradon Empire, it would be to free their homeworld from its clutches. This would result in losses on a scale that may be considered too great for the ruling Senate to accept.
Blaith’s thoughts then turned to his wife and two younger daughters who were still on Mabraant. If his assumption was correct, they would now be under the rule of the Hefrask Sisters. He wondered what would become of them, and if he would ever see them again.
Ellarna, on the other hand, was thrilled and excited at being able to see Grogaan again sooner than she expected, and was hardly able to conceal her delight. Her heart skipped a beat the moment she heard his name. After being away from Grogaan for almost two weeks, Ellarna quickly realised she loved him deeply and missed him terribly. Every day without him seemed to be a lost moment of happiness.
Naturally, she was concerned for the reason he had travelled to Marderas, but the thought that he had come because he was unable to bear being away from her tormented her. She was the happiest she had been since saying goodbye to him, with those two weeks feeling more like two months. They had been the longest two weeks of her life.
Rosaline saw the concern in Blaith’s expression. “Do you have any idea why Squadron Leader Learman has come here?”
“I suspect he carries some very important, possibly devastating news.”
“How well do you know him?”
“Fairly well I would say, having had the pleasure of meeting him on several occasions. I believe he’s about twenty-five, a very kind, considerate sort of man, easy going and easy to talk to. Well, he is most of the time, so I have been informed. He is also a remarkably talented and skilful pilot, having spearheaded the revitalised defence against the Krelathan raiders who had been causing trouble in our sector for many years.”
Petron, the Fadaran Prince confirmed Grogaan’s fighting skills, and that of his friends, having seen them in actual combat. Rosaline was amazed at how much he reminded her of Sorann, although Grogaan appeared to be a little more mature than Sorann had been at that age.
“To be truthful, it’s my daughter Ellarna who knows him better than I do.”
Ellarna smiled coyly without utterance. She was anxious and excited about seeing Grogaan again.
Rosaline saw more in the smile than could have been said in words. She smiled back and nodded. This new arrival, Squadron Leader Grogaan Learman, was beginning to intrigue her very much, and she was looking forward to meeting him.
When Ambrelia showed the two pilots into the conference chamber, the silence they were greeted with was un-nerving. He sensed the apprehension of those gathered and understood why.
Rosaline arose to greet the new arrivals. She was impressed with the air of confidence they bore. They wore tailored dark green flight suits, black knee-high boots with a knife holster on the outside of both boots, and a laser pistol was holstered on the right hip. The one wore the rank of Squadron Leader and the other, Flight Commander. Rosaline then noticed the blue insignia patch on their right breast pocket: ‘Grogaan-K1’ and ‘Zaack-K2’ stitched in green, ‘Kopaz Sqn-150’ below, and the image of an eagle’s head in green holding a green gem in its beak above.
As the two men approached, she felt something strange, something that sent a shiver up her spine. The same thing happened when she first met Ellarna, but this time it felt different. She was unsure why and thought it is was because they might both be adept in magic. Then she sensed there was something else, something deeper, something darker and more mysterious. It caused her some concern, but there was no time to consider it now.
The two pilots came to attention and gave a bow from the waist. “Senator,” said Grogaan politely, Zaack following his example.
Senator Blaith Rayshon returned the courtesy. “It is good to see you again Commander,” he said with obvious concern, and then introduced them to the Governor. “Governor Morrawen, may I present Squadron Leader Grogaan Learman and Flight Commander Zaack Frerant of Mabraant. Grogaan, Zaack, Governor Rosaline Morrawen.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you Governor.” Grogaan spoke first and then Zaack.
Rosaline cordially returned the greeting.
Once seated and the introductions completed, Rosaline asked about Kopaz Squadron and a little about his background. Grogaan told her about the pilots, how the squadron had been formed, their achievements in battle, and what their hopes for the future had been prior to the arrival of the Empire.
As they talked, she sensed a feeling of dread and resentment buried deep within Grogaan, and assumed it was probably the result of some painful experiences in his past. Then she sensed an unusual presence about him. There was something dark and mysterious lurking within, hidden in the depths of his being, then realised it was being suppressed rather than hidden.
She was convinced he was sensitive to the powers of the astral realm, but there was something clouding the aura usually associated with a Guardian’s spirit. What she sensed was the same she had experienced when in the presence of Zeranda Simoshon. However, this individual was known to be good, honest and kind, and wondered why this essence was present within him. She decided to seek Sorann’s counsel on this matter.
When Grogaan finished, Blaith turned their attention to the matter in hand. “Now, Grogaan, tell us what is so important that it gave you reason to travel so far from our home?” The question was more a formality than necessity, believing he already knew the answer.
Grogaan took a deep breath before speaking. The news he brought lay heavy on his heart, and the grief he felt was evident in his eyes. “I’m afraid it’s bad news, Senator. Putting it simply, Mabraant is no longer a free world. It is now under the rule of the Hebradon Empire.”
All senators from the Fazaal Sector were struck silent for a few moments, aghast at what they heard. “Are you saying that Mabraant has been manipulated into joining the Empire already?” asked Senator Perass in disbelief.
“Not exactly manipulated, but yes, Senator, Mabraant has joined the Empire.”
The Senator was about to ask why Grogaan had responded so, but Blaith motioned for him to remain silent and let Grogaan finish.
“They appeared in the system about nine days ago, but the news I bear is far more shocking.”
There was complete silence in the council chamber, coupled with a sense of dread at what the young man was about to reveal.
“The Empire did not approach with peaceful intent as it had done with other systems. As I said, they didn’t arrive covertly to manipulate our governor and senators as in other systems. They didn’t even make contact. They just deployed their fighters and well, here we are. Those of us who arrived are all that is left of the fleet: Ten fighter pilots. There may have been some lucky individuals that managed to eject from their fighters, and some of the crew from the capital ships might have used the escape pods, but I didn’t pick up any on the sensor readouts.”
Senator Hespandor from Mabraant who did not know Grogaan or the reputation he had, spoke. “How then did you manage to escape, or did you flee before the end?”
“That is out of order, Senator Hespandor,” said Blaith interrupting the other man abruptly, his annoyance showing in his voice. “Squadron Leader Learman is a trustworthy citizen and a brave fighter pilot. You forget what part he played in defeating the Krelathans. His conduct is not under question here.”
“That’s alright Senator.” Grogaan was grateful for Blaith’s trust and confidence in him, but also understood why the other Senator would be suspicious. He turned his attention on Hespandor. “Actually Senator, myself along with over two hundred other fighter pilots fought against overwhelming odds. Every time we evened out those odds, the Imperials launched more fighters. With six battle cruisers, each holding an estimated complement of two hundred and forty Zilon class fighters, we stood little hope of success. There were simply far too many.”
“So, you fled to save your own lives did you.” Senator Hespandor spat out the words vindictively.
“I have already warned you once Hespandor, I won’t warn you again.” Senator Rayshon did not hide is anger at the other senator. “Please continue Grogaan, you must excuse senator Hespandor’s unwarranted opinions.”
“I can understand his point of view, Senator.” Grogaan then paused while he regained his train of thought. “It was a foregone conclusion that we would be unable to prevent the Imperial fleet from carrying out their mission, but I can tell you that every pilot fought bravely. As far as I could determine, our forces destroyed over six hundred and fifty enemy starfighters and two of their battle cruisers.
“We were down to eighteen fighters, and as the only surviving Squadron Leader, I had to make a quick decision: Either we continued to fight until we were all killed, or we save the few so that we could relay the news to you. The Imperial fleet had already commenced bombardment of the planet’s defences and deployed several squadrons of bombers to finish the task.”
“If you left Mabraant in your fighters Squadron Leader Learman, how did you manage to arrive here in that transport?” demanded Hespandor.
“Senator Hespandor, do you really need to sound as though you are still accusing our brave pilots of cowardice?”
“Senator Rayshon, all I want is a clear explanation of the events that led to their arrival here.”
“Well, I am sure Squadron Leader Learman will tell us every detail if you would only give him the chance to finish uninterrupted,” replied Senator Rayshon, who was losing all patience with the other man.
Grogaan paused a little, allowing tempers to ease before continuing. “I had pre-arranged an escape route to enable the survival of the few for future engagements. The route was a three-point lightspeed trip to prevent immediate tracking by enemy forces, ending at a small planet in a nearby star system. I know of a complex where I was permitted to keep my transport ship and supplies. They came in very useful, but not for the reason I had intended.”
There was silence as the reality of the situation sank home.
“Governor Morrawen, it appears that your assistance in defending our home planet will no longer be required,” said Senator Rayshon with obvious dejection.
“That may be true for our world Senator Rayshon,” Grogaan started and paused a moment, waiting for them to quieten down. “Unfortunately, I believe the Hebradon Empire has not finished with its conquests. I’m convinced they will continue to expand. They have faced no serious opposition to thwart their plans to rule the Gaashox Quadrant, so it stands to reason they’ll continue until they have the entire galaxy in their grasp.”
“Are you suggesting they may encroach into the outer regions of our quadrant?” asked the Fequettan Senator.
“It’s a high probability, Senator. The Empress and her sister are very devious, cunning, and extremely clever. They’re unlike any you have seen.”
“Yes, Senator Rayshon has told us everything,” said the Senator.
“If they’re so dangerous, how can we expect to stop them?” asked another.
“We’ll have to ensure they don’t get the opportunity to manipulate world leaders within this quadrant,” said Rosaline.
“Who is going to convince the President that we must act?” asked Governor Jestain.
“That would have to be a joint act by all concerned. So if there’s nothing more anyone needs to ask, then I declare this meeting concluded. I will contact the President to arrange a meeting as soon as he is available.”
As the Republican governors and senators left the chamber, Rosaline moved across to Grogaan and his people as they exited the chamber. “I’m sorry to hear about your home world, and I understand what you’re feeling.”
“Thank you Governor Morrawen, it is most appreciated” said Blaith.
“What do you intend to do now?”
Senator Rayshon clasped his hands together. “We have not had time to consider our intentions, not expecting this event to have occurred so soon. It would, under the circumstances, be unwise to return home.”
The other senators remained silent. They would follow the advice of Blaith because they trusted his judgement, especially in situations like this. He was one of the most respected senators in the Fazaal Sector, and his impartial advice had benefited many people and systems over the years.
“You’re welcome to remain here on Marderas as long as you wish. We always have need of new leaders, diplomats and advisors. I’m sure you would be an asset to the Republic.”
“Thank you, Governor. Your offer is much appreciated and will be considered very thoroughly.” Blaith turned to face Grogaan. “What about you? Do you have any ideas what you will do now?”
“Flying is one of the two things I enjoy most. If I can carry on doing that here, I’ll be content especially as Ellarna is here too.” He looked at Ellarna. As their gaze met, they let the eye contact linger for a while, and smiled. Grogaan always thought her smile was beautiful, and he was amazed at how much he was still captivated by her. While admiring her beauty, he sensed she felt more than simple friendship toward him. Becoming totally engrossed in his thoughts about her, he was oblivious to the conversation going on, and failed to hear Rosaline speaking.
“Squadron Leader Learman?” said Rosaline, but there was no response. “Squadron Leader Learman!” she said a little louder.
“What! Oh, please forgive me Governor,” he replied slightly embarrassed.
Rosaline smiled, knowing his attention was focussed on a person opposite him. “That’s alright Commander. I was wondering if you and your colleagues would like to spend some time with one of our fighter wings. I’m sure the Group Captain would find additional pilots and ships most beneficial.”
“Yes, that would be most acceptable,” he said as he eased himself to Ellarna’s side.
“Good. I’ll have a word with Group Captain Vergam about it. In the meantime, I had better arrange some accommodation for you and your friends.”
“Thank you, Governor. I was wondering, where we should move our ships to?”
“I’ll mention it to the Group Captain. There should be some free slots in one of the main squadron hangars, which will enable you to get at them quickly if required.”
“Thank you, Governor.”
The senators and other governors made the appropriate courtesy before leaving Governor Morrawen and went their own way.
It was the first opportunity Ellarna had had to speak to Grogaan since he arrived. “I’m so pleased to see you again,” she said, and embraced him briefly.
As their attention became more focussed on each other, Grogaan sensed her emotions more clearly than ever before. Ellarna also sensed Grogaan’s, and the bond that had formed between them at their first meeting became very strong. They looked at each other with puzzled expressions, but then realised the significance of it and smiled.
Was this what it was like to be in love? Or was it something to do with magic? Grogaan was unsure, although it would explain much. ‘But why is it so much stronger now?’ he wondered. He had felt different after leaving the Mabra system, and then more so after leaving Breolis. His ability to sense and feel had been greatly enhanced, much more than what he had felt on Drolees. As a result, he wondered what he could be capable of.
Whereas Grogaan was aware of his heritage and enhanced abilities, Ellarna was not, so did not really understand what she was experiencing. He heard a voice in his mind: ‘Do you feel the same Grogaan?’
He looked at her intently. ‘Yes, I do!’ he thought. He also sensed she was feeling nervous and was a trifle scared of what was happening to her.
Ellarna realised he must have heard the unvoiced question. ‘How is this possible?’ she thought, becoming more concerned.
Grogaan smiled. “Anything is possible with magic.”
Ellarna’s eyes widened in shock at the mention of magic, and then thought he was only teasing her. “We must speak with Governor Morrawen about this. She may be able to enlighten us, being a Guardian.”
Grogaan agreed wholeheartedly. Although he already knew why he could feel what he did, he was not sure whether Ellarna was also sensitive to magical powers, or whether it had something to do with his influence on her.
When asked, Rosaline agreed to speak with them and suggested her office.
Grogaan called Zaack over and explained what he and Ellarna were doing, then asked him to inform the others what had been decided. They then arranged to meet in about an hour in the conference room lounge.
Rosaline led her two guests to her office. “Now, how can I help you?”
“We were wondering if you could advise us on certain matters that are causing us a little concern,” said Ellarna.
Rosaline already knew what was coming. “Please, feel free to ask.”
“Grogaan and I have been experiencing some unusual sensations lately. A while ago on Mabraant we felt a bond forming between us, a mental bonding like a telepathic link. It has become much stronger since we were reunited here on Marderas. Also, since our arrival we have been able to sense each other’s feelings, emotions, and even thoughts.”
Rosaline knew what she was referring to. “It sounds similar to what I’ve read about the Guardians of the past. It was said that when two Guardians begin developing a close personal relationship, a magical bond forms between them. It was believed that the bonding was created by the magical powers from the higher realm, and indicated that the two persons are, shall I say, compatible and destined to be together. Some would call them soul-mates.”
Hearing Rosaline mention soul-mates stirred feelings deep within Grogaan, feelings he did not want resurfacing, especially at this moment. Both Ellarna and Rosaline glanced at him briefly sensing the sudden surge of emotions.
Ellarna continued the conversation knowing Grogaan was uncomfortable about them. “If that is true for two Guardians, is it possible for those who are not Guardians to experience the same? I don’t believe either of us is adept in magic.”
Being a trained Guardian, Rosaline immediately sensed Grogaan knew more than he was divulging or had divulged to Ellarna. “Personally, I don’t know if it does, but as far as my insight tells me, I believe you are both receptive to the influence of the astral realm.”
Ellarna looked at Grogaan sceptically. He did not appear shocked at Rosaline’s revelation, which surprised her. She wondered if he knew something she did not. Nothing he had done or said gave any indication that he was aware of being adept in magic.
Rosaline continued. “Examine the evidence. You are both able to sense each other’s feelings, you can hear the thoughts of others, and no doubt, you both excel in your main areas of work. These are typical abilities of the Guardians.” Rosaline became excited at the possibility that there were two new potential Guardians sitting in front of her. They would be of great benefit to the Ladorran Republic until they were able to return home.
Grogaan looked at Rosaline in silence. What she said only confirmed what his mother had already told him beforehand. During the journey to Marderas, Grogaan had contemplated on the facts about his ancestry and hereditary, the feelings he had during combat, and the ability to sense other users of magic. He wondered what it all might mean for him. The future was uncertain, filled with dangers unknown, and was far different to the one he hoped for.
He knew of the responsibilities carried by a Guardian, the way people regarded and treated them socially, having been told by his parents many years ago. He also knew of the possible consequences of using magic incorrectly for one’s own personal advantage. Grogaan was now unsure whether or not he could, or wanted to bear that amount of responsibility.
Now Rosaline had confirmed his ability, his thoughts became preoccupied with those facts, and he become oblivious to the presence of Ellarna and Rosaline.
“Grogaan, why are you so silent?” asked Ellarna.
He heard the words but did not respond. He turned his head to face her, his expression showing emotional strain as if he was bearing a heavy burden.
Ellarna became worried about him. She felt his confusion and doubt, but there was something else, something more profound. Then she understood and realised that he already knew about his ability, had known for some time. “You know, don’t you? You’ve known all this time that we’re sensitive to magical powers.” She looked annoyed and was disappointed with him for not having told her. “It can’t be true, can it?”
He gazed into her eyes with a look of resignation, took hold of her hand, gently, but firmly. “I’m afraid so.”
“How could you have known? We only started having these experiences a short while ago.” Ellarna then sensed there was something he was not telling. She saw it in his eyes, saw it in his expression.
He let out a sad sigh. “Remember the stories that said there have been no Guardians in our system for over two centuries, and that all traces of their families had been destroyed?”
Ellarna nodded affirmatively.
“Well, it’s not entirely true.”
She looked at him in disbelief.
“Quite a few children survived the so-called Guardian cleansing by the sorcerer Praxilian. They were dispersed around the systems, their identities well hidden. Those who hid them decided it was necessary to retain hope for the restoration of the Guardians. As time passed, several people became aware of special talents, but those individuals were advised to keep their talents hidden.
One of them was my grandfather. My great grandfather told him that it was just a simple magical trick some clever people could perform and not to use it, to forget all about it. Even so, he continued developing his abilities when alone.
After my father was born, my grandfather did some investigating and after many years of searching, discovered the true ancestry of our family. With this knowledge uncovered, he believed it was time the Guardians arose from hiding and took their place in society once again. So, when my father was old enough, grandfather told him all he knew. He was going to tell me everything when he thought the time was right, but he was killed before that time arrived.”
Both women listened with great interest to what Grogaan was saying. Rosaline was intrigued to hear that there were more systems beyond the quadrant that had a history of atrocities committed against the Guardians, and by Megrein Sorcerers.
It seemed nowhere was safe from the depravity and evil of these sorcerers. It was of no consequence how advanced or civilised a nation or race was, there were always those who sought power and wealth. Whether they were or were not gifted in the arts of magic, they would do anything to conquer others to gain that power and wealth. It had been so from the dawn of time wherever one went in the galaxy.
“When did you learn of your heritage?” asked Ellarna.
“The day you left to come here. My mother told me everything, but I didn’t want to believe her at first.”
“So how can I be sensitive to magic? My father has the history of our family going back about three centuries. There is no record of any of our ancestors being a Guardian.”
“Just because he hasn’t revealed it to you, it doesn’t mean it can’t be true. He may not even know about it. The identities of those children were well hidden, and records altered to show they had been born to the adoptive parents.”
“From what I’ve learnt from Sorann, not all beings adept in the arts are necessarily from the family line of a Guardian,” said Rosaline, who felt that cold shiver run through her body again.
Ellarna could sense the concern rising in Rosaline, which began to make her nervous. “Is everything alright Governor?”
“I’m not sure. It’s something I must speak to Sorann about. Please, call me Rosaline.”
“That would not be appropriate, Governor.”
“I regard you as friends, so we don’t need to be formal in private.”
Ellarna nodded. “Only if you insist.” She felt uneasy about the informality but accepted it. She coughed and then took a few sips of her drink. The sweet fluid trickled down her throat, bringing instant relief from the sudden dryness she was experiencing.
Too much was happening to her and far too quickly for comfort. It was altering her outlook on all that she had known, had understood about life, and was making her feel uncomfortable and concerned. Did she want to learn the truth, to be told she was truly adept in magic and a potential Guardian? At first, she refused to accept it, then realised there was no hiding the truth. She thought it was time to change the subject to something a little less intense, so asked about Marderas and its history.
The three then spoke lightly of their home systems, and other trivial topics, lightening the atmosphere and developing a closer friendship. Unfortunately, they were interrupted by the President’s aide requesting Rosaline’s presence.
“I’m sorry, but something important has arisen that requires my attention.”
“There’s no need to apologise. We’ve taken up enough of your time already,” said Ellarna. “Perhaps you’ll be available to talk some other time?”
“Yes of course, I’d like that very much.” She did not know many other women she could call true friends. To sit and talk about things that did not encompass the Ladorran Republic was something she rarely did. She stood up and showed her new friends out of her office and then made her way to the President’s.
Ellarna took Grogaan by the arm, and they walked slowly and casually along the corridor in the opposite direction. Grogaan felt happy just being with her and did not want to be away from her for too long ever again.
Ellarna’s disappointment with Grogaan vanished quickly. Now she was just pleased he was with her regardless of what they might face in the future. She held onto his arm tightly as if she would never let him leave her again.
“I suppose I’d better go and find Zaack, take our ships over to the hangar, then check up on the others before they send out a search party.”
His comment made her laugh. “Of course you must.”
“How would you like to go for a meal this evening?”
Ellarna gazed at him with delight. “I’d like that very much.”
She leant forward and kissed him softly. Grogaan responded by putting his arms around her, embracing her tightly to him as the kiss became more passionate. He could not believe how overwhelming his feeling of joy seemed to be. Never in his life had he felt this way, not even in the arms of Miranda, his first love. They stopped kissing and looked intently into each other’s eyes, both seeing the sparkle of desire.
“I love you Grogaan,” she whispered.
“And I you,” he replied. His heart was beating rapidly. For a moment the doubts and concerns he had about his future faded from his mind, being replaced with a feeling of intense devotion toward her. They kissed again, and then just held each other close.
At that moment he knew his love for Ellarna was greater than even he would ever have considered possible. He wanted to whisk her away to a place they could be alone, far away with no problems, no ties and no responsibilities, but he knew it was not possible.
Then Zaack appeared. Seeing the two embracing, he coughed to indicate his presence. “Are you going to stay here forever Grogaan?”
Grogaan almost jumped out of his skin. “What?” he exclaimed, “Oh, hi Zaack.”
“Caught you that time, didn’t I?”
“Yeah, and don’t do it again. What are you trying to do, scare me to death?”
Zaack smiled. “Hello Ellarna. How are you?”
“I’m fine thank you. And you?”
“A little bored. There’s not much to do around here. Mind you, I wouldn’t have missed it for anything after surprising Grogaan like that. Do you know that’s the first time I’ve ever done that to him?”
Ellarna shook her head gently and smiled with amusement. “You two had better be off.”
“Yeah, come on Zaack. We have to get our ships over to the squadron hangar and check in, and then get back to see what rooms Rosaline has arranged for us.” Grogaan gave Ellarna a peck on the cheek and left.
“She’s probably found us some grotty barrack room,” suggested Zaack dejectedly.
“On the contrary,” replied Grogaan as they headed for their ships. “She’s arranged rooms for us here in the Imperial Palace for a while. At least until we have decided what we’ll be doing while here on Marderas.”
“Wow! It couldn’t be any better.” Zaack was impressed.
After walking through numerous corridors and losing their way, a kind female administrator showed them the way to the landing pad, leaving Zaack filled with desire. He had not forgotten about Francine, the kiss, or the gift he gave her, but wondered if he would get the chance to see her again, let alone spend some quality time with her. He sighed lightly. He wanted to ask Grogaan about being able to return to Shaqua if time permitted, but decided the time was not right.





Chapter Six

Marderas, Madera System, Manora Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

The officer who met Grogaan and Zaack when they arrived at HQ Hangar was none other than Group Captain Jorreel Vergam. He introduced himself and appeared to be extremely delighted to see them. “Good day to you gentlemen, and welcome to Grazer Group’s Headquarters.”
“Thank you, Commander. I’m Squadron Leader Grogaan Learman, and this is Flight Commander Zaack Frerant, both from Mabraant. It’s a pleasure to finally meet the famous Group Captain Vergam.”
“You already know of me?”
“I most certainly do. A merchant friend of mine has told me many stories about the heroes of the Confederation of Star Systems. You might have heard of him, Collatin.”
“That name sounds awfully familiar. Now where have I heard it before?” He stopped to think a moment. “That’s it! He was the merchant the Empire was hunting down for having double-crossed them.” He paused again. “Yes, I remember him, but he wasn’t known by that name back then; he was known as Garanton. He never betrayed the Empire, not Garanton. Honest and straight in all his dealings.”
“Did you ever meet him?”
“I met him a few times. He’d been lying low somewhere remote, and after a year or so he resurfaced as Collatin with new ID’s and retina pattern, which was a first-rate medical job too. So, tell me, how did you come to meet him?”
“When he first visited Mabraant about six years ago.”
“Well, well, he certainly kept his movements quiet, didn’t he?” said Vergam shaking his head gently.
“He probably didn’t want anyone cashing in on his fortune,” said Zaack.
“That sounds like Garanton alright. Oh, by the way, your other friends are in the squadron crew room bored stiff. One of those in the blue flight-suits seems to be completely annoyed at being here, and he is unbelievably moody. He reminds me of Karlo. He was killed in a small engagement because he lost his focus from stressing himself up with all his complaining.”
“That’ll be Parrin, and yes, he is a pain in the rear,” said Zaack.
“The other three in blue just sit quietly looking guilty, and dare I say, depressed. It’s such a contrast to the four in green who think it’s all an adventure. Weird bunch that lot, very weird. I presume those four are part of your squadron?”
Grogaan nodded.
“Nice to see the two females; are they good pilots?”
“They need to be to be in our squadron,” said Zaack smiling.
Jorreel laughed. “They would, wouldn’t they,” he said walking toward Grogaan’s ship. “We had some female pilots back in the days of the Confederation. They were excellent pilots too, but most of them didn’t survive.” A moment of sadness struck the aging veteran.
“Tough times?” asked Zaack.
Vergam just nodded.

The four pilots from the MDF were getting bored while they waited in the crew room for Grogaan and Zaack to arrive, whereas the four from Kopaz Squadron were just happy for the opportunity to relax. Doraant and Eldaan were talking about engineering, while Joeen and Lusiana were talking about anything that interested them. The two women had become close friends and had been able to support each other over their troubles.
Parrin was the worst, complaining the whole time. He was making the situation appear far worse than it was, constantly interrupting the conversations of the others, and generally being an irritating nuisance. “Is that Grogaan ever going to show up?” he demanded. “I bet he’s having a far better time than we are, gallivanting off around the Imperial palace. Probably feels right at home too.”
“Lighten up will you,” retorted Doraant, “and stop you’re damned moaning. I’ve just about had enough of you and your insufferable complaining. Grogaan’s got important work to do and that takes time.”
Parrin scowled. The anger he felt was clearly obvious in his expression. The friction between the two pilots was threatening to get out of control as tempers began to flare, and Parrin was considering putting Doraant in his place. However, he resisted the urge to lash out at him because he would then have to face the wrath of Grogaan and the others from Kopaz Squadron. Even the unusually calm Lusiana was becoming ever more impatient and incensed with Parrin. Fortunately, the other three MDF pilots were keeping quiet, even Solarn who usually sided with Parrin.
Eldaan stood up and gazed through the window trying to remain uninvolved with the disagreement. As his gaze moved around the hangar, he spotted Grogaan’s and Zaack’s MCIs in the far corner of the hangar. “They’re here,” he said cheerily. “Come on, let’s go and find out what’s happening.”

Jorreel admired the Mabraantan designed ship. “I asked your friends what make of ship these are, but they were not very enlightening, and said it was up to you to divulge any information.”
Grogaan showed him around. “They’re Manta Class Interceptors, designed and built by Mabraant Engineering.”
“I’ve never heard of the Manta Class.”
“They’re unique to the Gaashox Quadrant. This interceptor model has been in production for four years. These are mark two’s, non-standard upgraded models,” said Grogaan, his voice betraying his pride in the ships.
Jorreel looked carefully at the armament configuration. “I bet they can pack a punch with eight laser canons, especially those at the wingtip?”
Grogaan smiled.
“They sure can,” Zaack boasted.
“The four wing tip laser cannons are probably equivalent to the Kandar FL7’s, and the four nose cannons have about the same power of the TS5 starfighter’s standard lasers. There are four proton torpedo launchers, each holding six torpedoes.” said Grogaan.
“Boy, they certainly do have the punch, but are they as manoeuvrable and as fast as our Delta XB1s?” asked Jorreel.
“The engines have been upgraded, and the single power generator has been replaced with two smaller independent models with their own power converters; one for the lasers and shields, and one for the engines. There are extra manoeuvring thrusters making them as manoeuvrable, but they are faster. Atmospheric speed is about four thousand Kmph and about twenty-seven thousand Kmph in space. Fast enough for you?”
“Fair enough. They’ve got the performance, but how do they handle when it counts, in combat?”
“Better than most I’d say, and probably better than your Delta XB1,” said Zaack.
“Is this standard configuration? They do look different to the ones with the Orange and White markings.”
“No. The ones with the Orange and White insignia are standard configuration mark ones, with minor upgrades on shields, lasers and engines. These two and the other four with the green markings are Kopaz Squadron’s own ships, extensively modified and upgraded. Also fitted with the new Fasardan Mark Seven Sensor Array, a Fadaran Alpha-Two Navicomputer and an alpha class one-point-five LDU, capable of propelling a ship to two-point-five times the speed of light,” boasted Grogaan.
The General frowned. “An alpha class one-point-five LDU in a standard starfighter is unheard of. How did you manage to get hold of so many of them?”
“Collatin said he found them at an old abandoned Imperial base somewhere, along with a fortune of other equipment, and sold them to us.”
“It sounds as though we could have done with a few of these during the early days of the uprising.” Jorreel looked at Grogaan expectantly, not wanting to ask, just hoping that Grogaan might offer. Even after all the hours he had spent in the cockpit of a starfighter, he still found flying most exhilarating.
“What is this Fasardan Mark Seven Sensor Array you mentioned? I’ve never heard of those before.”
“Something else you could have used. It can sense any object with a mass greater than one kilogram at speeds of up to two-point-five times lightspeed, and the Alpha-Two navicomputer can calculate ten sets of coordinates.”
“Wow, very useful indeed. You’re right. We sure could have used them. I bet they’re very expensive?”
“Just a little. I would say about a hundred thousand of your credits and are very hard to find.”
“That sure is one starfighter that’s worth every credit.”
Grogaan could see how impressed he was. “Would you like to take one up for a flight sometime, Commander?”
Vergam smiled. “First of all, call me Jorreel, and secondly, yes I would love to. That’s very kind of you, thank you Grogaan.”
“It’s my pleasure. Shall we say sometime tomorrow?”
Jorreel nodded, looking forward to the opportunity very much. Then he saw the others striding across the hangar. The one he considered a troublemaker looked as if he had malicious intent.
As the eight Mabraantan pilots walked across the hangar floor, Parrin rudely pushed past Eldaan and stopped a metre in front of Grogaan, his face creased with anger. “So, you decided to turn up then,” he said sarcastically.
“Hi’ya guys. Sorry we were so long. The senators wanted to know all the details,” said Grogaan.
“Yeah, sure they did! I bet you were having a good time while we were getting bored stiff over here. Probably busy chatting with your woman,” said Parrin sneering.
Grogaan looked at Parrin and shook his head in disappointment. Although his comment was quite hurtful, he took no notice of it. “You just don’t understand, do you? It takes careful negotiations to arrange the sort of aid we will need if we’re ever going to defeat the Hebradon Empire. You can’t just burst into a conference with bad news, especially on someone else’s planet.”
“Yeah, I know, but you aren’t the one doing the negotiating. You were only supposed to be informing our senators of the tragedy, as well as arranging somewhere for us to stay on this awful planet. So, what took you?” demanded Parrin.
Zaack eased his way past his friends. “I’m warning you Parrin. If you don’t back off . . .”
Grogaan warned Zaack off telling him there was no point getting aggravated. Zaack reluctantly backed away, but kept his eyes on Parrin, his teeth clenched and lips set tight. Grogaan noticed his friend clenching his fists and then releasing them as if trying to dissipate his anger.
“Do you really believe we’ll ever be able to return to Mabraant?” asked Joeen with obvious despondency.
“Of course we will. I have no doubt that someday Mabraant will be free again.” Grogaan sounded optimistic, but in truth, he was not so sure.
Parrin glared at Grogaan. “Damn you and your over optimism. When are you going to face up to reality? There’s no way we’ll ever be able to go back home except to become puppets or slaves, or end up dead, an’ you know it.”
“You always were an impatient, pessimistic hot-head, Parrin,” said Grogaan and sighed heavily. Parrin never failed to disappoint him. “It’s no wonder you were never promoted to Squadron Leader.”
Parrin was fuming. “How dare you call me an impatient, hot-headed pessimist? You’re the one who lives in a world of fantasy, believing in destiny and the fabled magical powers. There ain’t any such thing I tell you. You’re a bigger fool than I ever thought you were, and we should never have listened to you back there over Mabraant.”
All the others were dumbstruck at Parrin’s words and glared at him furiously. Zaack had heard enough and was unable to contain his anger any longer. “I’ve wanted to do this for such a long time you insolent . . . ungrateful . . . impatient,” he paused, took one step forward and punched Parrin in the face with such force, the man fell backward onto the floor, “Lagroskan rat,” he spat. “You deserve more than that you damn fool of a . . .”
“That’s enough Zaack,” ordered Grogaan.
Lusiana had retreated behind Eldaan, as had Joeen, although Joeen was feeling the same way as Zaack, and had been tempted to lash out at Parrin. She was grateful Zaack had done so first, knowing that Grogaan would have been more disappointed with her if she had hit Parrin.
Zaack backed off slowly. “So, you’d rather be dead along with all the other fighter pilots from Mabraant would you, Parrin?” he said spitting out his name and pointing at the pilot sitting on the floor, “Because that’s what would have happened if you had stayed in the battle.”
“Zaack, that’s enough,” said Grogaan more forcefully.
Zaack looked at his friend and sighed. “You’re too kind Grogaan, too easy and forgiving. He doesn’t deserve it,” he said pointing his thumb toward Parrin. “You save his life and this is how he repays you.”
Grogaan looked at Zaack and shook his head in disappointment. “Not everyone can deal with stressful situations as easily as you Zaack. It’s not always as straight forward to some as it appears to be.”
Zaack understood what his friend was saying and dropped his head a little. He still felt it was no excuse for Parrin to say the things he had. Grateful or not, Zaack believed any pilot had to keep his feelings and emotions under control. He scowled at Parrin.
Parrin got up from the floor nursing his sore and bloody face. “He’s broken my nose,” he exclaimed.
Grogaan stared at him, shaking his head in frustration.
“Remember there were only eighteen of us left against hundreds when Grogaan ordered the withdrawal. Eighteen out of over two hundred, and only ten of us survived. Over two hundred dead, all of them good pilots too, and that doesn’t account for those on the cruisers,” added Eldaan.
“Look,” said Grogaan raising his voice again. “We’ve all had an extremely difficult time, and we’re still stressed up from the battle and the long journey here. I know it’s frustrating, but we mustn’t take it out on each other. Our people need us and we’re the only ones who can help regain the freedom of our planet.”
Parrin looked passively at Grogaan. “You’re right Grogaan, I’m sorry,” he said with sincerity. “It's just . . . oh I don’t know, I feel so . . .”
“Angry; Helpless; Guilty: We all do. Look Parrin, we all feel bad about what’s happened, but we can’t just give up or go in fighting without being prepared.”
Parrin continued looking at Grogaan, his expression betraying his sorrow. A tear formed in one of his eyes. ‘He’s right. I am too much of a hot-headed pessimist,’ he thought, ‘and what good am I to my family if I’m dead.’
Grogaan sensed what he was feeling. “It’s alright. You’re not the only one to leave a loved one behind Parrin.”
“What do you mean?”
“All of us have left family behind and are worried about them. I know you’re concerned about your wife and child, and whether they survived the attack, but I’m sure they’re fine.”
Parrin looked at him with great scepticism. He did not share his confidence, but he resigned himself to the fact that there was nothing he could do that would have any effect. He knew he would have to wait, however hard and frustrating it would be.
Even though a week had passed since the battle of Mabraant, and the pilots had managed to get some reasonable rest and sleep, it had not been enough to relieve the emotional stress completely. They were still trying to come to terms with the event that changed their lives permanently, the loss of friends that died in battle, and the prospect of never seeing their families again. Not knowing if they were still alive made it much worse.

Jorreel quietly backed away when he saw tempers beginning to flare, not wanting to get involved. He had witnessed dozens of scenes like this over the last twenty or so years: Stressed pilots lashing out at each other for no apparent reason. Combat stress was one of the many problems faced by fighter pilots. ‘Takes years off your life too,’ he thought.
He was impressed with the way Grogaan handled the situation, considering his young age and the short time he had been in command of a squadron, and a small one at that. Jorreel saw one who would be a good and competent leader of men: One that would go far. He also noticed how the young women refrained from taking any part in the confrontation, and caught one looking at Grogaan with more than admiration for him as a commander.
When they had calmed down moderately, Jorreel re-joined them. “I would suggest that we all make our way over to the cantina for a good strong drink. I’ve always found it a good way to relax and wind down after stressful confrontations.”
There was a unanimous agreement. Shortly afterward, they were all chatting happily over a chilled drink of ale. The heated exchange was forgotten, but the reasons behind the outburst remained fresh in their minds. Parrin finally realised he needed to change his attitude before it landed him in serious trouble, trouble that could ruin his life and make a widow of his wife.
Parrin also began to realise Grogaan was right, and now understood why he was never offered promotion to squadron leader. His one and only consolation was being given command of Orange Squadron on that one single patrol, which happened to be the one where Grogaan and his squadron gained all the glory. Deep down, he envied Grogaan, but understood why he was so good; he always remained calm, focussed, and did not appear to let his emotions rule his actions.
When Grogaan sensed the others were more relaxed and calm, he was relieved. He knew how long it could take for the effects of combat stress to dissipate. It had taken him much longer than usual to calm his own emotions after the battle. The time spent in Ellarna’s company and learning that she loved him had given him the extra boost he needed. Even so, he still felt some tension within, and knew he had to take positive steps to finish easing it.
“Grogaan, what have the senators decided?” asked Solarn.
“In regard to military aid for Mabraant, that has been put on hold for the moment for obvious reasons. The Senate of the Ladorran Republic will be assessing the risk to this quadrant, initially focussing on the systems in the outer sectors. They’re the ones that will be under threat if the Hebradon Empire moves in this direction.”
“Will our senators return to Mabraant or stay here?” asked Doraant.
“They’re remaining here for the foreseeable future and have been offered positions within the Ladorran Republic. They’re going to give their answer to Governor Morrawen tomorrow, about whether they accept her offer, or take a break from office.”
“What about us? What is there for us to do here?” inquired Joeen.
“I’m glad you asked that. The Governor will be talking to Group Captain Vergam here about whether or not he can include us in some squadron activities.”
“Sounds good to me,” said Doraant.
Jorreel was silent. He took a mouthful of his drink and looked at the men around him. Everyone thought it was a good idea and all were looking at him.
Grogaan realised what he had done. “I’m sorry Jorreel. I didn’t mean to put you on the spot.”
“That’s alright. I’m sure I can find you some work. Even after all this time there are still many Imperial warlords ruling areas of the quadrant, and worlds with disputes that need resolving. As usual, there are never enough resources to deal with everything.”
After they had had a couple of drinks, Grogaan decided that it was time to return to the palace and find the quarters they had been assigned. He also needed to find Ellarna to take her out for the meal he promised her. The pilots were thrilled at the prospect of residing at the palace for a few days, and even Parrin had cheered up enough to stop worrying or complaining.
Parrin’s room was the one directly opposite Grogaan’s, and the two reached them at about the same time. Grogaan was about to open the door when Parrin spoke to him.
“Hey Grogaan, I want to apologise for all the trouble I caused earlier, and for all those hurtful things I said to you.”
“Don’t worry about it. I put it down to combat stress, so there’s no need to get overwrought by it. Forget about it.”
Parrin dropped his head a little. “I always thought you to be the immature and reckless one, but now . . . your calm and sensible approach to matters has taught me a lesson I won’t forget. Thank you.”
Grogaan smiled. “Don’t thank me Parrin. Circumstances and events have taught us all a thing or two we won’t, or shouldn’t forget in a hurry. Look, get some good rest tonight and I’m sure you’ll feel a lot better in the morning. Anyway, let’s look on the bright side; we’re alive, and while we’re alive there is always hope for the future and for our families.”
Parrin nodded. “Yeah, you’re right. We have you to thank for still being alive, and that’s a debt I doubt any of us will be able to repay fully. See you tomorrow . . . friend.”
“Nobody needs to repay anything. Just remember.” Grogaan watched as Parrin entered his room. ‘That battle took a lot out of all of us. More than you could ever imagine,’ thought Grogaan as he shut his door behind him.

Grogaan stood just inside his room and leant against the door. He closed his eyes and tried to calm his thoughts and his emotions, which were still heightened and prevented him from relaxing. The images of battle flooded his mind, followed closely by those of Miranda, Ellarna, Joeen and the flight to Marderas. It seemed so surreal, he wondered if any of it really happened. Of all the emotions that came bursting out, anger was not among them. Grogaan was relieved, but knew the anger was still there, hiding deep in the depths of his soul, waiting to pounce on him when he least expected it.
After standing motionless for a few minutes, he decided to take a long refreshing shower. He stripped off and stood under the stream of water for a while, allowing the heat to soak away the stress and tension from his muscles. After a good scrub down, he switched on the dryer. Standing in the cool stream of air always invigorated him, making his senses come alive, but on this occasion, it had a greater effect.
All his senses seemed to be heightened, especially his ability to feel emotions of other people. He relaxed his mind and sensed Parrin in the room opposite his. He was angry with himself, distraught over his actions and impatience, and concerned over the fate of his wife and son. Zaack was in the room next to his, and he was relieved to be alive. His thoughts were on a female he may never see again. Grogaan smiled at the thought and made himself a promise to help his friend get the chance to see her.
In the room to the other side of his, Joeen was crying. Grogaan turned his focus away from her, not wanting to find out why she was unhappy. He knew she was missing her cousin and family, but that did not usually upset her so much. Instead, he turned his thoughts to the prophecy and what implications it was going to have on his life, but nothing was forthcoming so he went into the bedroom.
Donning his casual attire, he made his way to Ellarna’s room on the floor below. When she opened the door, he saw she had slipped into a long purple evening dress. Grogaan stood admiring her, captivated by her beauty.
“Well, are we going out, or are you going to stand there admiring me all evening?”
“Sorry,” he said sheepishly feeling a warm flush rise to his cheeks. “Even after being away from you for such a short time, I’m still utterly mesmerised by you.”
Ellarna thanked him for his compliment and kissed him. Arm in arm, the two young lovers then made their way to the foyer entrance, from where they caught a land cruiser to one of the local restaurants. They chose the Koroshan Queen, a fine elaborate restaurant that was not too far from the palace. It boasted entertaining hundreds of the most important senators and royalty from countless systems. There were exquisite, expensive and rare ornaments and pieces of art placed all around the restaurant, adding to the opulent appeal of the place. Even the tables were pre-laid with fruit, bread rolls and small bowls of nuts.
The waiter led them to a table near the central flower display, the scent from which was enchanting but not overpowering. Grogaan picked up the menu and perused what was on offer. The main menu items were more expensive than he expected, not that it was of any concern to him. Rosaline and several other senators who had frequented it on occasion recommended it, so he considered it well worth the indulgence. The food was truly excellent and so delicious, Grogaan promised they would come here again soon, much to Ellarna’s delight.
After finishing their meal, the two young Mabraantans had some Lokarsh, and talked about what they would do over the next few days, if circumstances permitted. Ellarna expressed special interest in seeing the Halstar Botanical Gardens and the Galactic Museum of art and technology, and Grogaan agreed to accompany her.
The journey back to the palace was uneventful and surprisingly quick, too quick for Grogaan’s satisfaction. Stopping outside the foyer entrance, Grogaan and Ellarna stepped out and slowly made their way back up to their rooms.
“Would you like to come in for a drink?” asked Ellarna suggestively.
“Yes, I’d love to.”
The two entered and Ellarna went to the kitchen area where she prepared a hot chocolate for them. Grogaan sat down on the large sofa getting comfortable, feeling relaxed and contented. Ellarna sat beside him when she returned with the drinks and offered him one of the cups.
“What’s this?”
“It’s called hot chocolate. Rosaline introduced it to me a few days ago. Isn’t it lovely?”
“This is delicious. Ask Rosaline for the recipe when you see her next.”
Ellarna laughed at how often it was the simplest things in life that brought so much pleasure. They then enjoyed the quiet, peaceful time sitting together on the sofa while sipping their hot drinks. Ellarna rested her head on Grogaan’s shoulder as she snuggled closer to him, wrapping one arm around his waist and feeling very contented.
At that moment Grogaan wished for nothing more than to be with her, and to have no other responsibilities or pressures, but he knew that was not possible.
Ellarna was more contented and happier than she ever thought possible. Grogaan had exceeded her expectations in all ways. She loved the way he admired her, held and kissed her, and longed to be close to him all the time. Before she met him, Ellarna was happy to immerse herself in her work, attending seminars, senatorial meetings and conferences, and embarking on diplomatic trips to neighbouring systems. Even if the Hebradon Empire had not conquered the quadrant as efficiently and thoroughly as it had done, Ellarna would be hard pressed to continue that work now she had fallen deeply in love with Grogaan. She had barely thought of romantic relationships prior to that chance encounter in the Klaret Diner. Now however, Ellarna was pleased fate had intervened in her life.
Now she would not want life to be any other way, except of course being home on Mabraant and free from Imperial rule. As she pondered these things, her thoughts drifted to what Grogaan had told her of Miranda and what she had meant to him. She wondered whether she would ever have the same effect on him, yet knew she could never replace Miranda in his affections. Her only hope was that they would be together always.
“Have you decided what you intend to do?” she asked.
“To stay here with you,” he answered and kissed her.
Ellarna pulled away and hit him playfully on the shoulder, then laughed.
“I’ll remain here with the Republic for the immediate future,” he said smiling. “If Sorann confirms we are adept in magic, of which I’ve no doubts he will, I suppose it would be advisable for us to start training as Guardians.”
Ellarna looked into his eyes and opened her mind to his. She could sense he didn’t really know what he wanted anymore. Not so long ago he knew exactly what he wanted, but now there was confusion and concern. “What’s troubling you?”
He didn’t answer straight away, which confirmed her worries. She put her hands on his face, turned it toward her and kissed him gently.
“To be honest, I don’t really know anymore. So much has happened in such a short time.” He was now feeling very unsure about himself and his future.
“It’s the dreams that bother you the most, isn’t it?”
Grogaan nodded.
“But there’s more to it than that. I know,” she said with compassion.
Ellarna had such a calming influence on him that he began to feel the need to trust her with his deepest feelings. He talked about the things that had affected him so much, even though he had already told her on that day beside Lake Mabreese. Just as he was beginning to open up with those feelings and troubles that he found so difficult to control, the door chime sounded disrupting his thoughts. Ellarna sighed deeply, annoyed at the disturbance. She was about to learn something new about the man she loved, of what had caused him so much trouble and distress, and hopefully by revealing it to her, would ease his problems.
“Enter,” she said loudly, rising to see who had disturbed them.
“Good evening Ellarna my dear. I trust you are well.”
“Hello father. Please come in and take a seat,” she said politely.
Grogaan stood as well and stepped up to greet her father. “Hello Senator Rayshon.”
“Good evening Grogaan. How are you feeling?”
“I’m still a little tired, but well enough thank you. And you?”
“Fine, thank you.” Blaith sat on one of the single armchairs opposite as Grogaan and Ellarna sat next to each other on the sofa. “I’m sorry to disturb you this late my dear, but I thought you would like to know that we have decided to accept Governor Morrawen’s offer to join the Republic and take up official posts within the Senate.”
“That is good news,” said Ellarna cheerfully. “Grogaan has decided to remain here as well, and I’m so happy about it.” Despite being pleased, she was missing her mother and sisters.
“I’m pleased for you too, my dear,” he responded. Never had he seen her so happy and content.
“What about Mabraant? Are we going to do nothing to help our people?”
“We will have to see how the future unfolds. Maybe one day we will have the resources to defeat the Empire and bring freedom to our world once again.” He did not sound very confident of that fact, and Ellarna sensed her father’s doubt.
Blaith felt he had interrupted them for long enough, so he excused himself. Ellarna accompanied him to the door, and then watched him walk down the corridor knowing that he too missed Marrienne, her mother.
Grogaan appeared at her side. “I think I’d better go as well. It’s getting rather late and it’s been a long day.” He sounded tired.
“Must you go now?” she asked, feeling dejected. “I was hoping we could have continued talking for a little while longer.”
Grogaan hesitated. “Perhaps it would be better to leave it until tomorrow.”
“You’re afraid of something aren’t you?”
Grogaan refused to meet her gaze.
“Why won’t you tell me what it is? Maybe talking about it will help.”
He sank into one of his dispirited moods. It was the first while in her company and felt a sensation of darkness building within. He had to go to avoid acting in a way that may upset Ellarna. “I’m sorry my love, I must go.” Grogaan turned around and left without even kissing her.
Ellarna watched him hurry down the corridor feeling a sense of anguish in his mind. She retired into her room and prepared herself for bed all the while thinking of her companion, the burden weighing heavily upon her mind. ‘What could be upsetting him so much to make him hurry off like that?’ she asked herself aloud. It grieved her to think he was unable to share it with her, and hoped it was because he was over tired, but she was not convinced. There was something serious and very troubling that was causing him distress, something that concerned his future.
Her worrying about him prevented her from drifting off to sleep for some time.

The next morning, Grogaan awoke with a start. He was sweating profusely, his shirt was soaked through, and his heart was beating so fast he thought it was going to burst from his chest. The catalyst that awoke him from his dreadful dream filled sleep was the sound of a woman screaming; a woman in danger, in pain and distress. The sound disturbed him considerably.
Focussing his mind while taking deep steady breaths, he tried to calm his nerves. This time the dream was more intense and clearer than it had ever been before. There were three distinct dreams he remembered, one of which troubled him most: The one in which the woman screamed. She was inside a building when an explosion went off and destroyed it. Having no idea why the dream affected him so badly, he found it difficult to believe it had anything to do with him. However, for reasons beyond his comprehension, he knew the event was part of his future, and he would be there to see it happen.
The other two dreams were of a man dressed in dark clothing, his face hidden by darkness. He saw blue lightning emanating from the man’s hands and flying in all directions. Intense pain and suffering was caused by that lightning, pain far beyond anything he thought imaginable. Unfortunately, the dreams were still too enshrouded in mist to make out any details.
Two other people also woke up abruptly that morning: Rosaline and Ellarna. Ellarna’s room wasn’t far from Grogaan’s, so she sensed the distress he was feeling almost immediately. She felt the pain and anguish he was experiencing, and that the dreams were a depiction of future events. She quickly slipped on her jumpsuit and was still zipping it up as she rushed out of her room.
Arriving at his door, she waited impatiently and anxiously for him to unlock it. Ellarna was able to sense the troubled thoughts filling Grogaan’s mind. It caused her so much concern, her pulse increased moment by moment, and she felt her heart pounding in her chest.
Grogaan walked unsteadily to the door mumbling and complaining about being disturbed so early. He keyed in the security code and the door opened. The swiftness of its opening made him wince sharply, the sound vibrating through his aching head.
Ellarna gasped when she saw a very dishevelled, wet and disturbed looking young man in front of her. She threw her arms around him to comfort him and to reassure herself he was okay. “You’ve had another of those dreams, haven’t you?”
His voice was too dry and croaky to talk, so he nodded slowly, still feeling half asleep. Ellarna kissed him gently, led him to the chair and sat him down. She then went into the kitchen to get him a drink, told him to remove his wet shirt, and retuned moments later with a glass of water. Grogaan pulled the shirt off over his head and left it on his lap. He gratefully took the offered drink and gulped it down eagerly.
Grogaan stood up still feeling unsteady, threw the shirt into the cleaning unit and ambled into the refresher area for a quick shower. While he was there, Ellarna waited apprehensively for him to finish. After showering, Grogaan felt considerably better, cleaner and dryer, although he was still looking the worse for wear when he re-entered the lounge.
“Thank you for coming over Ellarna, but you needn’t have.”
“Oh yes I did,” she said firmly. “I sensed you were deeply troubled and anxious, and I was not going to let you be on your own knowing the condition you sometimes get into after your dreams.”
Grogaan smiled at her. “I do love you.”
“I love you too and that’s why I’m here. You know if I’m near I’ll never let you suffer like this alone. I’ll never be far away from you ever again, not if I can help it.” She placed her hand on his cheek.
The two gazed at each other for a while without speaking, allowing Grogaan to regain some composure. Ellarna had no idea what the dreams were about, but knew they were very distressing, and would wait for Grogaan to decide whether he wanted to tell her about them.
She suggested going out for breakfast at the Delaspan Diner, and Grogaan wholeheartedly agreed.
The Delaspan was a small cantina that served good food, and was frequented by merchants, senators, and senior officers of the military. Josinea, Governor Morrawen’s administration assistant had said it was an ideal place to take a close friend for a quiet chat over an inexpensive meal or drink.
Ellarna chose a table on the far side of the cantina, one away from prying eyes so they could hopefully remain undisturbed. The patron brought a menu from which Ellarna ordered a fried breakfast and two cups of tea.
When they finished eating, Grogaan sipped his drink curiously. “This is unusual, what is it?”
“It’s called tea and is made from the leaves of the Rassetta Plant. The leaves are dried, chopped and then hot water poured over them. They have a strong flavour, which makes them ideal for this type of drink. It is also claimed that the plant has certain medicinal properties, particularly in aiding relaxation and stimulating the brain. This brand of tea is very popular with the senators and diplomats of this region, and it is served at various functions and conferences.”
“You have been busy, haven’t you?” he said. Ellarna smiled. “It’s good, even better than that hot chocolate! I must get some of this and keep it with me.”
Ellarna laughed and was pleased to see his mood lightening.
Grogaan took another sip of his tea and then looked at his companion thoughtfully. “I’m sorry for rushing off last night. Sometimes the memories and emotional turmoil they cause becomes too much for me to cope with, and I find I need to be alone. That way it stops me from snapping at people.”
“I understand, but I was so worried about you.” She took hold of his hands and smiled.
Grogaan returned the smile and looked into her beautiful green eyes. At that moment he knew Ellarna was his soul-mate. He saw it in her expression, felt the raw emotion and intensity of her love. He then wondered if it was possible to have more than one soul-mate, but knew it was different with Ellarna. It was much stronger, probably because of the magical power they shared. “I guess you’re wondering what my dreams are about, and why they cause me so much distress.”
Ellarna took hold of his hands. “I’m interested in everything about you, and that means even what you may consider insignificant.”





Chapter Seven

Marderas, Madera System, Manora Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Rosaline bolted upright, startling her husband Drexor, who immediately reached for his blaster. “What’s up honey?” he asked. Even now, ten years after the demise of the Belocian Empire, he still kept a laser pistol nearby when he was asleep. It was, a habit he found hard to break.
She said she wasn’t sure, but she had a bad feeling about it.
“One of those Guardian premonitions, hey honey?”
“Yes, I think so. I’m sorry; I didn’t mean to wake you up.”
Drexor brushed the apology aside as unnecessary, and then asked what she thought the problem was.
Rosaline believed it was something to do with the new arrival, Grogaan Learman. She began to see things clearly. What she had felt within him was the underlying presence of dark magic, which had been the driving force behind his ambition to destroy the Krelathan raiders and the Imperial forces. The dreams he was experiencing were in fact visions, visions of the future that were being influenced and tarnished by the magic emanating from the dark realm.
“I knew something was wrong with him,” she whispered.
“Wrong with who?” queried Drexor, who puzzled by what she was talking about.
“Squadron Leader Learman. He is adept in magic, but he has been influenced by the power of the dark realm without knowing it. I need to contact Sorann. Only he has the ability to draw Grogaan over from using dark magic.”
“I thought you helped Sorann with the same problem once before?”
“I did, but this is different. There’s something hidden deep inside his mind, and I know my abilities are insufficient to break through that barrier. Besides, I don’t think I would be able to deal with whatever is uncovered.”
Drexor walked over to the comm panel and keyed in a private code. A little while later, Sorann’s voice sounded over the comm channel. “Is that you Drexor?”
“Sure is, pal. Hope I haven’t disturbed you too much.”
Sorann said he had not, but Drexor did not believe him. He had been around him too long and knew him too well.
“Sorann, we’ve a problem that Rosaline’s pretty concerned about.”
“Put her on.”
Drexor called Rosaline, who got out of bed, wrapped her nightgown around her body and glared at him for not giving her a little more time before contacting her brother. Once the two siblings had greeted each other Sorann asked what her problem was.
“Remember those senators who arrived recently?”
“Yeah, why?”
She quickly told him about the new arrivals and why they had come. “One of them has a serious problem I know only you can deal with.”
“Won’t you tell me what it is?”
“Not really. Are you able to return to Marderas?”
“I was taking Deanna on a long-promised trip, but if it’s that important, I’m sure she won’t mind postponing.”
Rosaline thanked her brother, and yet she felt guilty knowing he was supposed to be spending some time away with Deanna, and that she would not be pleased about cancelling the trip.

Deanna appeared in the lounge frowning, having heard the conversation. She saw Sorann’s expression and knew what he was about to do.
Sorann explained the situation, emphasised that it was not a Republic issue, and that no other Guardian had the relevant experience or capability. “I’m sorry Deanna. You know I wouldn’t do it if was anything or anyone else.”
“But you still have to go and sort out their problem.”
Sorann shrugged his shoulders and smiled.
Deanna sighed heavily, packed her things and without saying another word, the two booked out of the hotel and returned to their ship. They had only arrived on Keldoria the previous evening, and Deanna was looking forward to at least two days on the planet, but once again their plans were cut short because of someone else’s business.
Deanna was annoyed with Sorann. She refused to speak with him after they took off. After a while, Deanna’s resolve buckled, and relative harmony was restored to their friendship, one which was continually fraught with troubles. It had taken eight years for them to finally develop a close personal relationship, and the two years of their courtship had been rather eventful in many ways. It appeared as if it was destined to remain that way for some time.
Sorann had been part of the group that formed the Confederation of Systems, planning, organising, and controlling the campaigns against the Belocian Empire. He played an important part in bringing the Empire to its knees, and believed he had responsibilities in establishing a strong democratic Republic. At Deanna’s insistence, Sorann worked to reduce the amount of reliance the Senate of the new Republic placed upon him and his role within it. It was, however, a slow process, and too slow for Deanna’s comfort and liking.
Deanna played her part in convincing him that it was his responsibility to re-establish and maintain the Guardian Academy, which was not an easy task. He tried to concentrate on matters that were more pertinent to the future of the Guardian’s presence, and leave issues related to the Republic for the Senate to deal with. At times he succeeded, but due to personal issues he had over the fate of certain former apprentice Guardians, he found it difficult to believe in, and trust his abilities.
His lack of self esteem and confidence in his abilities was a continual thorn in the flesh for Sorann. It was also a major factor affecting the relationship he was forging with Deanna. She always looked beyond his problems. She saw the inner strength of the man; the powerful Guardian that was being partially masked; the man who had compassion and understanding. He was one many respected and trusted despite his shortcomings. Unfortunately, Sorann often failed to see these traits in himself, and did not appreciate what others thought of him.
This failure was, as far as Deanna was concerned, his primary stumbling-block in the advancement and achievement of his true ambitions. She knew this was to build a strong presence of Guardians in the galaxy, and to restore the respect and trust in the ‘Order’. However, she was unaware that Sorann wanted more than that. His ultimate desire was to resurrect the ancient order that was the precursor of the Guardians; the ‘Brotherhood of the White Eagle’, or correctly known as the ‘Brotherhood of the Teragon Knights’.

Meanwhile, over in the Delaspan Diner, Grogaan was telling Ellarna all about his dreams. He started from when his fiancée died, which he felt would give her a broader understanding behind the possible cause of, and the meaning behind the dreams.
“It all started about three years ago, just after Miranda and her father were killed. I would get the occasional dream, but they were brief and unclear. Then, six months later they became more frequent and all the images were heavily shrouded in mist. Each time I awoke after a dream, I would be sweating and trembling with dread.
“The dreams gradually became more intense and disturbing as each year passed. Each time it affected me more and more, but the intensity and clarity of them grew faster once I had left our system.” He paused to take another sip of his drink as his thoughts turned to the last few dreams he had endured. The memory of them made him shudder.
Ellarna watched him inquisitively while listening carefully to what he was saying, hoping that something he mentioned would help them understand the dreams. Grogaan let his eyes wander over her, savouring every detail. He still regarded her as one of the most beautiful woman in the galaxy, equal with Miranda, but different. He knew her thoughts were focussed on him, trying to support him in remaining calm and relaxed, but it seemed to have no effect. Even thinking of her, her beauty and her love, did not stop the feeling of dread rising within.
His mind was beginning to drift into darkness, an overwhelming void of black emptiness that threatened to swallow his soul. It was darker, more threatening and frightening than anything he had experienced before, and it caused him much anguish.
“Grogaan,” she said firmly.
There was no response so she prodded him sharply on the shoulder.
“Ouch!” he cried out and jerked his head up, nearly spilling his drink.
“Keep your mind focussed,” she said solidly.
“Sorry sweetheart,” he said sheepishly. “Where was I?”
“You were saying the dreams were becoming more intense once you left Mabraant.”
“Oh, yes.”
Ellarna sensed the dread behind the response. It was as if he wanted to avoid going on, but he continued, although his voice betrayed his anxiety.
“As the mist began to dissipate in the first dream, I saw people in pain. There was one woman in particular . . .” He remembered seeing her screaming, but her face was obscured. The image disturbed him and his head dropped a little at the memory, much to Ellarna’s frustration.
She could see he was deeply tormented by the dreams. “You don’t need to continue if you don’t want to,” she offered sympathetically, but hoped he would.
“I have to. I cannot keep it to myself any longer.” Grogaan felt sad for the woman even though it was only a dream. The ache in his heart was hurting him so much, a single tear appeared. The pain was not very different to what he had felt when Miranda had been killed, cutting and intense. He took a few mouthfuls of his tea to give him a moment to regain his line of thought.
He restarted what he had begun to say before the pain had resurfaced and broken his concentration. “The clearest dream is of a woman accompanied by a group of important people just inside a building, an open area, like a concourse or foyer. They were walking slowly toward an inner door when there was an almighty explosion, and then the entire building collapsed inwards. I heard the woman scream, a high-pitched scream, one of intense pain and suffering, but also of heartache from the loss of a loved one.”
Ellarna saw the anguish in his eyes, sensed his intense emotions. She imagined the scene, pictured the woman and the agony she would be feeling in such circumstances. ‘How could this involve Grogaan?’ she thought, ‘unless he was in the building as well.’ A troubling thought came into her mind. ‘Maybe he caused the explosion, or somehow, he knew the woman.’ A shiver ran down her spine, making her shudder. She tried to dismiss the notion that came to mind.
Grogaan put his cup down. “The other dreams are not clear due to the mist enshrouding the scenes. In both, I see a man in dark clothes, his face hidden by darkness. Blue lightning appears to be emanating from the man’s hands causing destruction and pain. I know that I am involved somewhere in the scene, but where, how and why is beyond my insight at this time.”
Ellarna sensed Grogaan was holding something back. She wondered what and why. Was he aware of the importance and significance of the dreams, or did he know who was involved? Then she noticed there was something hidden deep within his mind. She focussed as hard as she was able, relaxed and cleared all thoughts from her mind. Ellarna could sense it, feel it, but not see it.
She was able see aspects of his past life, the motives behind his actions against the Krelathans, and his decision over the MDF. Then as her focus became more acute, she saw it clearly. Beneath the layers of emotion, intent, and subconscious thought, there was a mental barrier. It was a blockade keeping something hidden from view, preventing it from being released. That was where the darkness was hiding. It was a void filled with power and mystery, and darker than anything she had ever encountered or hoped to encounter. It filled her with such dread she became anxious and fearful for her companion.
‘How can I see all this?’ she thought. Ellarna then realised it was her sensitivity to magic that enabled her to see and feel these things. As she opened her mind and let the power fill her body and spirit, she sensed the presence of the cantina patron, and what he was thinking of doing. She felt a ‘darkness’ creeping up on her from behind. It sent a feeling of coldness through her whole body. Frightened at what it could be she shook her head and closed herself off from her magic. The presence of the ‘darkness’ disappeared almost immediately.
She sighed in relief and let out the breath she did not realise she was holding. Ellarna opened her eyes and saw Grogaan gazing at her, concern etched in his face.
“Are you alright?” he asked.
“I think so,” she replied with uncertainty.
“You opened yourself up to the influence of magic, didn’t you?”
She nodded.
“And you saw something disturbing?” He took hold of her hands, holding them firmly, but reassuringly.
The pain she had seen in his eyes only a few moments before was replaced by compassion. It was Grogaan’s turn to have a calming influence upon Ellarna. “It was eerie and frightening. Something dark and cold appeared, like it was creeping up on me from behind?” There was a tremor in her voice.
Grogaan had never seen Ellarna look so frightened or so worried. ‘What has she seen and felt that made her react this way?’ he wondered.
“What was it Grogaan?” she pleaded.
He looked at her feeling perplexed, wishing he knew the answer.
“Have you . . .?” she started to ask, but was unable to finish her question, her voice choked off by her fear.
Grogaan shook his head gently. “I’m afraid I have no idea what it was, and I’m not sure if it’s the same as what I’ve felt in the past. Maybe Sorann will be able to shed some light on it, and on our other problems.”
“I do hope so,” she replied as she wiped her hand across her brow gently. “What about Rosaline? Would she have any ideas on what the ‘darkness’ might be?”
Grogaan shook his head. “I don’t know.” After ordering more tea, they continued talking quietly for a while longer, reassuring and comforting each other, and trying to enjoy some peace and quiet away from the others.

Rosaline was sitting in bed relaxing after her sudden fright of the morning. Drexor went to the kitchen to make a drink of hot chocolate, one of her favourites. He walked back into the bedroom carrying two cups wearing the black pants that were identical to those of the Loqueran Forces, with whom he had served many years before they met. He knew how much Rosaline loved seeing him wearing them as it always reminded her of their early days together, when they both craved adventure and excitement.
“Here you go honey,” he said handing her the cup.
Rosaline thanked him and gave him a big loving smile.
“So, what are you going to do about our guests until Sorann arrives?”
“I should go and talk to them, especially Grogaan. That must have been a powerful vision he had. I guess he’s feeling rather distressed.”
“Can you feel anything?”
Rosaline relaxed and drew on her magic, allowing it to permeate her mind and body. The energy flowed through her like electricity, but it had a calming effect on her. As her vision transcended the astral realm, she began seeing images of people and places. When she focussed her thoughts on Grogan, she found him sitting at a table talking with Ellarna in a diner located nearby. Both seemed surprisingly at ease, but Rosaline had the feeling they had both been more recently disturbed by something.
As her magic enabled her to see more, a dark shadow appeared behind Ellarna, small, but visible. To her dismay Grogaan was almost surrounded by a similar shadow. ‘How could this be? Neither of them is embracing the power of the dark realm, and Ellarna had only just found out that she was sensitive to the magical powers.’
“They’re in one of the local diners and appear relatively peaceful.”
“In that case there won’t be any need for you to rush off, will there?”
“Not really, but I have to meet with the Mabraantan senators this morning.”
“I thought they wouldn’t need military aid anymore, after what was revealed by, oh what’s his name?”
“Squadron Leader Learman?”
“Yeah, that’s him.”
“You don’t miss much, do you?” Rosaline shook her head in amusement.
Drexor smiled. “Not if I can help it. Didn’t get where I am today by missing important information.”
The two laughed. Drexor was always forgetting important names and places, and often finding himself in awkward situations where someone else always ended up helping him.
“Senator Rayshon will be informing me of their decision about whether or not they will take up diplomatic duties on behalf of the Ladorran Senate.”

A little while later, Rosaline was sitting in her office browsing through some reports when the door chime sounded dead on eleven hundred hours. Blaith Rayshon was consistently punctual, never early, never late. “Enter!”
Senator Rayshon and his aide entered the room and greeted Rosaline in the formal manner. Once they were settled he composed himself. Blaith and his fellow delegates had spent several hours the previous evening discussing the implications, advantages and disadvantages of joining the Ladorran Republic. They had been unanimous in their final decision.
“We have agreed,” he started, “under the current circumstances, to accept your offer of joining the Ladorran Republic. We are ready to serve in whatever capacity you require. Naturally, if the opportunity arises, we intend to return to our homeworld.”
Rosaline smiled. “I’m pleased you have accepted, and I understand your desire to return to your homeworld when the circumstances change. I assure you, Senator Rayshon, that I will do everything in my power to aid you in your fight to free your planet. We in the Ladorran Republic know what it’s like to have one’s freedom taken away.”
The Senator and the Governor spent a short while talking about the political and social aspects of the Ladorran Republic, and its member systems. They then touched on some of the difficulties and disputes that were currently being dealt with, along with the threats that were still present in certain areas of the quadrant.

Sorann arrived at the Imperial Palace just after noon; his sister Rosaline was waiting for him. “Hello Sorann, Deanna, I’m sorry I had to call you home so soon, but for this problem, there’s no-one else that can help.”
Sorann greeted his sister with a hug. “So, what’s so important about our new guests that you couldn’t tell me over the comm?”
“Well for a start, I believe two of them are adept in magic,” she said as they made their way to her office.
Sorann gazed at his sister with astonishment. “Are you sure about that?”
“Positive, but you can assess that for yourself later. The problem is with Squadron Leader Learman.”
Sorann stopped walking and closed his eyes. His sister gazed at him curiously. He sensed a disturbance in the astral realm, the same disturbance created by someone under the influence of the dark realm, as did Deanna. The two looked at each other and nodded, confirming their discovery.
He knew immediately that there was a person adept in magical power within the palace, one who was very strong and under the influence of dark magic. He asked his sister if that was likely to be Squadron Leader Learman. She confirmed his assumption, but that was no longer the only issue.
Sorann sensed the concern in his sister, looked a little bemused and asked what more could there be.
Rosaline waited until they were in her office before saying more. She then explained about the visions Grogaan had been experiencing, the disturbance she felt in the astral realm that morning, and the shadows she saw appear behind Ellarna and Grogaan.
“Who are Ellarna and Grogaan?” asked Sorann.
“Sorry. Ellarna is the daughter of Senator Rayshon from Mabraant, and Grogaan is Squadron Leader Learman.”
“Right,” said Sorann. “Well, the shadow of darkness you saw is the essence of the dark realm, only visible to a trained Guardian usually during a time of meditation. The shadow around Grogaan indicates that he’s under strong influence, and the shadow appearing behind Ellarna is, I would say a natural phenomenon when a Guardian uses magic. Your ability is growing very strong Rosaline.”
Rosaline smiled, acknowledging her brother’s praise of her ability. She asked if there was anything he was able to do for Squadron Leader Learman’s predicament.
“Of course there is, but it will have to be at his consent. First, he must acknowledge the influence the dark power is having upon him. Then he must be trained in the use of magic before he becomes fully embraced by those dark powers. Do you know where they are now?”
“They are most probably in their rooms on the guest floors.”
“Will you contact them and ask them if they can meet us here when it’s convenient.”
Rosaline keyed the comm unit and waited for a reply. Nobody responded. She then contacted the aide on reception duties and requested that she inform Miss Rayshon and Squadron Leader Learman to contact her at their convenience.
In the meantime, Sorann and Deanna told Rosaline of their short journey, Rosaline brought them up to date on recent events regarding the citizens of Mabraant, and then spoke of the unfortunate circumstances that befell their homeworld. The news caused concern for Sorann, knowing that Megrein Sorcerers would not stop their conquests whatever obstacle stood in their way. It appeared to Sorann that dark times were heading their way again, and he wondered whether they would be able to prevent the inevitable. It also added some clarity to the vision he received several days earlier.
The comm chime sounded, and when Rosaline opened the channel, she was pleased to hear Ellarna’s voice. The Governor explained that Sorann had arrived and they would like to meet both her and Grogaan in their office if it was convenient.
Ellarna looked at Grogaan, who nodded his agreement. Arriving outside the office, Grogaan hesitated before pressing the door chime, thinking he would rather not be doing this right now. Ellarna sensed his apprehension, as did Sorann and Deanna.
Sorann also felt the influence of the dark power, even though it was weak. The two entered the office and were welcomed by Sorann and Deanna. Grogaan introduced Ellarna, then himself, and insisted that Sorann use their first names. Sorann agreed and asked Grogaan to do likewise.
“Grogaan, Rosaline tells me you’re a fighter pilot. Do you mind me asking what ship you fly?”
“Not at all, but I doubt you’d have heard of it. It’s a Manta Class Interceptor. It has slightly higher specs than your Delta XB1, but it’s more of a cross between the TS5 and the Delta XB1.”
“Sounds impressive,” retorted Sorann.
“Maybe you would like to take one up for a test flight later, I’m sure you’d enjoy it.” Realising he had made the same offer to Jorreel, he thought it would be a good idea if they both went up at the same time.
“Yes, I would like that, thank you.”
“Excellent. You can accompany Group Captain Vergam later this afternoon if you’re not too busy.” Sorann agreed with obvious excitement.
They spoke of general things for a few minutes, home, interests and the differences between their systems before turning to more important issues.
“Rosaline tells me you have some issues that are causing you some concern,” said Sorann.
Grogaan coughed and looked at Ellarna, indicating she speak.
She glared back at him. “Yes, there are a few things that are troubling us. First, we have both been experiencing abilities that are the usual signs of being adept in magic. Does that mean we are sensitive to the power of the astral realm, and potential Guardians?” she asked.
Even though Grogaan already knew the answer, he wanted Sorann’s confirmation to ease his mind on the matter.
“Yes. The power of magic is strong in both of you, making you ideal candidates for training in the ways of the Guardians,” said Sorann enthusiastically.
Grogaan accepted the fact that he would now be taking a definite change in his priorities regarding his future, although it was a choice he remained reticent about.
“The other thing is that we seem to have developed a telepathic bond between us. Could you explain what this phenomenon is and what it means? Rosaline said it is something to do with Guardian heritage.”
“Ros’ is correct. We have texts that suggest Guardians who are highly compatible as partners and complement one another, often develop a bond between them. That bond is induced and strengthened by magic. It would seem to me that you are such a couple.”
Sorann’s answer pleased her and she smiled at Grogaan. She shuffled in her seat before continuing, feeling very uncomfortable about raising the subject. “Sorann, this morning I opened my mind to the influence of the realm, hoping to receive some insight and understanding into what Grogaan was experiencing. It was a wonderful sensation to start with, but as I relaxed and allowed its influence to penetrate further, I sensed a ‘darkness’ creeping up behind me. It was very frightening.”
Sorann did not need to hear the question that would have followed Ellarna’s statement. “The darkness you felt was the essence of the upper realm. Whenever a Guardian draws on their magic, the dark power always appears nearby, subtly trying to tempt the Guardian into using the aggressive emotions, which can enhance a Guardian’s power in the wrong way. The only way to deal with it is in learning how to push it away through the power of positive action. It is self-control that wins the battle that rages within the mind of the Guardian.”
“What is your opinion of us then?” asked Ellarna.
“This is a very dangerous time for you both, especially you Grogaan. If you do not start training as a Guardian and learn to control your emotions and abilities, you will continue to be influenced by the dark power, ultimately ending in complete domination by it.”
“What makes you say that?” asked Grogaan.
“Those dreams you are having are not dreams, but visions, and it is the influence of the dark realm that makes them have the effect they do on you.”
“How is it possible for Grogaan to be under its influence already when he has only recently realised his sensitivity to magic? I was under the impression that only one who knew of their heritage could choose the path they took?” asked Rosaline.
“Usually I would agree with you, but somehow, Grogaan’s ability became evident in his actions even though he was unaware of it. It has been known to happen before. Many of those in similar situations continued developing in the dark magic, and then it was too late to do anything about, or so it was believed. Master Johanx once told me: ‘Once you train in the ways of Megrein, it is near impossible to revert back to the more peaceful ways of the Guardian.’
“Now we know different. A Megrein Sorcerer can be turned back in some cases, but it depends on several factors: How long one has been under the influence of Megrein’s teachings, and how much that individual wants to change. It takes a lot of patience and dedication by both the sorcerer, and the Guardian helping, to overcome the influence.”
Ellarna looked at Sorann with deep-rooted concern, but Grogaan was not really bothered. He just wanted the dreams to end.
“You needn’t look so worried. Even if a Guardian chooses to follow the teachings of Megrein, it doesn’t mean that person is lost to the powers of the dark realm forever.”
Grogaan clasped his hands together then rested his chin on them, contemplating on what he had to do. “Then we have no choice. We must start training.”
Ellarna agreed. “When should we start?”
“The sooner the better,” he answered.
Unfortunately for Sorann, his understanding of the nature of magic was not entirely correct. The fate of an individual adept in the arts was in that person’s hands, and engaging in the dark elements did not always mean being dominated by it. The path of a wizard was governed by the morality, the inner strength, the desires and intents of that individual. It was not as difficult to turn a sorcerer from their evil ways as was believed. The problem was that most evil sorcerers did not wish to change.
Ellarna was worried and wished the whole situation had never materialised. She despised the Krelathans and the Hebradon Empire for their interference. Her concern for Grogaan, the first man she had truly fallen in love with, was deepening. Knowing that danger loomed ahead for their future together and their lives caused Ellarna to become even more worried.
Sorann gazed at Ellarna sensing her troubled emotions. “There’s nothing to be concerned about Ellarna,” he said reassuringly. “As long as you complete the training, everything will be fine.”
She looked at him and smiled. ‘You can say that Sorann, but you just don’t understand,’ she thought, and then said, “I wish I had your confidence.”
Grogaan knew what Ellarna was feeling, and so took her hand in his and gently squeezed it.
“Grogaan, I have sensed something dark lurking within your mind,” said Sorann. “Would you be willing to open your mind to mine, enabling us to explore and see what the astral realm might reveal?”
“There’s no need,” answered Grogaan sounding dejected. “I know what’s there. I wasn’t aware of what the darkness signified until you told us of the dark realm and how it manifests itself.”
The others waited with concern and wonder to hear what made Grogaan the way he was, why he had that edge over the enemy when in combat. Sorann had a rough idea from what he had already sensed.
“You don’t need to tell us,” said Ellarna.
Grogaan looked at her. “It’s for the best. Sorann will then be able to help me clear it from my mind.” He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, giving him a moment to collect his thoughts.
“There is still much anger and resentment within my heart and spirit, as well as a strong desire to mete out retribution to those who dared attack our world. It started when Krelathan raiders killed my elder brother, then my father and my fiancée about three years ago. Her whole family perished in the attack along with over a hundred other innocent people. It was the first anniversary of our engagement and the day I was going to ask her to set a date for the wedding. That made her loss much harder to bear. Since then many of my good friends have also been lost in action: Hobbes, Pashtean, Lordaas; all of whom I had known since I was about six, good friends gone.” He took a moment’s pause to push their memories from his mind.
“While flying my MCT at the time of Miranda’s death, I would imagine I was fighting the Krelathan raiders, and released my anger by shooting rocks within the canyons. My ability and skill improved at a considerable rate. When our interceptors were finally finished, I became involved in defending our people against attacks by the Krelathans. It was then that I felt the anger and resentment rise to new heights. I wanted to make them pay for what they had done to me, my family and my people.
“As I flew, it was as if I could see what they were thinking, which way they would turn and I would be a fraction ahead of their manoeuvre. It gave me an edge over them and I exploited it to the full. I had no guilt about doing it either. I relished the advantage. Every kill filled me with satisfaction and delight, and I wanted more. I needed to fight and clear space of the raiders, thus preventing them from continuing their evil attacks. I wanted to kill every one of them. I had a vow to keep, one I made the day my family were killed, and keep it I did. I brought the life of Kregarast to an end and I have never felt as fulfilled as I did at that moment.” There was strength behind the words, but also pride, satisfaction and relief for having fulfilled that vow.
Grogaan stopped talking and gazed at Ellarna, then smiled joyfully. “Then I had the good fortune to meet Ellarna. It has been easier for me to control my feelings since I’ve known her. She has had a profound calming effect upon me, and my depressive, melancholy moods have almost disappeared. I suppose that’s caused by the action of magic upon us, even though we were unaware of it at the time.”
“Having kept your emotions and feelings under control is a good start. Your training in the ways of the Guardians will greatly enhance that ability, but you must always resist the temptation to let your feelings control your actions.”
“How long does the training take?” asked Ellarna.
“That depends entirely on the individual, how well one learns the techniques, how much effort one puts into the training and in applying what has been learnt. According to the history we have of Guardian training, an apprentice would remain so until the council decreed otherwise. Their decision was based on whether they were ready to take on the responsibilities of being a Guardian, and not on their abilities in the arts.
It usually took a minimum of at least four years to learn all that was needed to start the life of a Guardian, to understand and have sufficient knowledge of the power of the astral realm. Even after completing the training, one would continue to learn for many years after. There was more to learn back then, more than just techniques and principles. Now it is important to regain the influence of the ‘Guardian Order’ in the galaxy.”
Deanna gazed at Sorann knowing he was still blaming himself for the failure of several apprentices who turned to using the dark power. Most of them had since been killed. “Even then, there was still no guarantee that a trained Guardian wouldn’t succumb to using the dark power and embrace evil,” she said firmly.
Sorann detected the rebuke within Deanna’s statement, but found it difficult not to blame himself. “This would be an ideal opportunity for you to spend more time in training Deanna.”
Deanna glared at him and then smiled. “True. It will be a welcome break from gallivanting all over the galaxy chasing after you and saving your neck,” she said and laughed.
Sorann laughed too.
“And we can train together, can’t we?” she added.
“Well, there aren’t any pressing matters for us to remain and deal with here, so how about leaving for Piserron tomorrow?”
Ellarna and Grogaan looked at each other. “We had planned to tour some of the local sights, but other than that, I don’t see why that should be a problem. What do you think Grogaan?”
He still wasn’t sure whether he wanted to go through with this or not. He closed his eyes momentarily to consider the choices he had, and then agreed with a shrug of his shoulders. He was nonetheless, uncomfortable with the fact that he would be leaving his friends and his squadron. After all they had achieved against the odds, Kopaz Squadron was his life, next to his relationship with Ellarna. He believed he would be deserting them, and that would damage or break the bond of friendship and trust they had. He felt guilty and wished events had transpired differently.
Sorann sensed what Grogaan was feeling and understood his misgivings, but he decided not to say anything about it while in company.
Grogaan looked at Sorann inquisitively. “Would you tell us of the astral realm and its powers?”
“It’s hard to explain precisely what the realm is. From what I’ve learnt over the years, there is a supernatural plain high above all the planets spread throughout the galaxy. It appears to be a continuous entity, unseen and unknown of by nearly all beings. There are numerous species of lower life forms that can feel the influence of its powers, and use it to their advantage in hunting etc, but there are few who are able to control it. Nobody knows how it came to be there, how it is able to influence life and how its energy is manifested as magic.”
“Where does the dark realm get its influence from?”
“That is a very good question Ellarna. There is actually very little known about it, but it is believed that to everything that is good, there is evil to the same extent. Some of the early Guardian Masters traversed the realm in search of answers, often spending hours at a time doing so. It is said they discovered what appeared to be a tear in the fabric of the realm, causing a disruption to the continuity and stability of its power.
“It was assumed and has since become accepted as the most accurate deductions, is that the tear has opened a doorway into another realm, one that feeds off a different essence of power, and is fuelled by negative emotions. Somehow, the essence can find those who are sensitive to the realm’s powers and are emotionally volatile, which is why it takes so much training for a Guardian apprentice to master the art of self control.”
“That’s amazing,” exclaimed Ellarna. “Is that why an Academy was set up?”
“It was. The solitude was needed so that the apprentices could learn and apply those lessons without outside influence or disturbances,” said Sorann. “Well, we can discuss more about the Academy and its purpose when we arrive. Now I suggest we begin preparations for tomorrow, and if the offer is still open, indulge in that flight test.”
“It is; let me know when you have some free time,” replied Grogaan.
As Ellarna and Grogaan strolled away from Rosaline’s office, Grogaan knew he had one important task to undertake; he had to tell the others that he would be leaving them for a while. It was something he was not looking forward to doing, and he would prefer to forego the training and remain with his friends. He also knew that if he did, destiny would find a way of making him go, one way or another.
Grogaan decided to put off telling his friends about his plans until after Sorann and Jorreel had indulged in their test flight of the MCIs. Until then, the two Mabraantans returned to Ellarna’s room to share some time alone before packing for their trip to Piserron. While they sat relaxing and enjoying a drink of hot chocolate, the two discussed what they had learnt from Sorann, Deanna and Rosaline.
There was no doubt in Ellarna’s mind that her companion was not too enthralled about becoming a Guardian. She understood why, knew what he really wanted out of life, and was unhappy about leaving his squadron. Ellarna also knew there was nothing she could say that would ease his troubles or make him feel any happier about any of it.
For Ellarna, a whole new world was opening for her. Despite being anxious, she was pleased that Grogaan was going to be with her the whole time. She knew that without him, becoming a Guardian would be pointless, and life would not be worth living. Grogaan was the most important part of her life, they were together, and that was enough for her for now.

After Sorann contacted them to let them know he and Jorreel were available for the flight tests, the two made their way to the squadron hangar where Kopaz Squadron’s ships were housed. There was a buzz of excitement when they arrived. Doraant and Eldaan willingly offered their ships to Sorann and Jorreel. Grogaan and Zaack flew their own.
The two Ladorran officers relished the experience and wished they had had such fighters during the Uprising. Sorann was curious about Grogaan’s skills and asked if he could put him to the test. Grogaan was only too happy to oblige. They started with Sorann and Jorreel pursuing Zaack and Grogaan. However, the two Mabraantans changed the scenario and subsequently made the kills so swiftly, the Republicans were completely astounded. Sorann and Jorreel were unable to deny how skilled the Mabraantans were, and they understood how they survived against the overwhelming odds they faced in the battle of Mabraant.
Both pilots were grateful for the experience, especially the Group Captain, who assured Grogaan his squadron would be utilised as much as possible. They spent a while discussing technical specifications, performance data, and the most fundamental issue: The cost of producing such a powerful starfighter. Sorann and Jorreel immediately saw the advantages of building several squadrons of MCIs to the specifications of Kopaz Squadron’s ships, but they were sceptical about the Senate consenting to the allocation of such funding.
Grogaan then took the Group Captain aside and explained briefly about the forthcoming situation. He told him that he was to discuss the severity and requirements of any operation with Zaack, who would be acting Squadron Leader during his absence. Jorreel insisted he would not place them in a situation where there was a high risk of a pilot being lost. He felt that it was a responsibility he was not in the position to bear, even if Zaack approved. After Grogaan accepted the Group Captain’s argument, he asked him to keep them as busy as possible.
When the two left and the ships had been serviced, Grogaan gathered his squadron and the MDF pilots into the main briefing room to tell them the news. Zaack, Doraant and Eldaan were full of excitement knowing that their best friend would soon be a Guardian, but sad that he was leaving them for some time. Zaack was the happiest of the three, having known about his secret since before the battle of Mabraant. He knew deep down his friend would return one day, that Kopaz Squadron would be reunited, and would wait patiently for that day to arrive regardless of how long or hard that wait was.
Joeen was very disappointed, and now knew there was no possibility of her getting together with Grogaan at all. Lusiana did not really know what to think. She was happy for him, but sad because he was leaving. It had been his trust and confidence in her that had made her what she was now.
Solarn, Marck and Arron were unsure about everything. They were concerned about what would become of them because they were not really part of the squadron, even though they believed he would return. Parrin had forgotten his talk with Grogaan and returned to being his usually moody argumentative self. He openly criticised Grogaan for deserting them, breaking promises and leaving them in the hands of an inferior commander. He soon retracted all his comments when threatened by the others, which included the three pilots from the MDF.
Grogaan left Zaack in command as acting Squadron Leader, with Doraant acting Flight Commander. Both were extremely pleased, but nervous of the responsibility. They swore they would not let him down, and wished him good fortune. Joeen gave him a long embrace shedding a few tears in the process.
It was heart wrenching for Grogaan to leave them, but he did. He walked out of the room with a heavy heart refusing to let his emotions get the better of him. Ellarna waited patiently, listening to what was going on in the squadron office next to the crew room. She met him outside the office and the two walked out of the hangar complex together.
Grogaan suggested they return to the Koroshan Queen for a meal, as it would probably be their last indulgence for some time. Ellarna agreed without hesitation, and shortly afterward, they were seated in the quietest corner they could find. She did not mention hearing the heated debate or how he felt about it all. It had been the most difficult decision he had ever had to make, and she knew how much it was tearing him apart.
They ate slowly making the most of their delicious meal. Both chose roast Heklaran Boar in red wine sauce with spiced vegetables, and the Melana fruit ball surprise for pudding. To round it off they had a bottle of Jadraia wine, a speciality from Jessarnis in the Jakraian system. The Jadraia berry was a round dark red fruit about two centimetres in diameter, sweet and succulent, and in great abundance on Jessarnis. The wine was smooth and velvety with a distinct mild flavour, which both enjoyed considerably.
They had been in the restaurant for some time and were on their third glass of wine when Ellarna noticed it was getting rather late. She sensed Grogaan was still unhappy about commencing the training to become a Guardian, and even more so about leaving the squadron. She understood why he felt the way he did, and sympathised with him over his dilemma. The squadron was his, part of his ambition, his achievement, his life, and now that life included her.
Ellarna was also filled with trepidation about becoming a Guardian and all that it involved. Her life was heading in a direction she never considered possible, but it was one she wanted to embrace and enjoy as much as she could.
“I had better tell father we’ll be leaving for Piserron.”
“Of course; we don’t want to cause him any more anxiety than he’s already feeling,” said Grogaan. Ellarna smiled and nodded.
The short land cruiser trip to the palace was quiet and enjoyable. Grogaan was becoming very relaxed and was just about to doze off when he was prodded by Ellarna. “Hey, you’re not falling asleep, are you?” she said sarcastically.
“What me! No, just resting my eyes. They’re a bit dry and sore.”
Ellarna looked at him sceptically. “Come on. Let’s see if father is still up.”
Ellarna’s father was shocked to discover that both his daughter and Grogaan were adept in magic, and going to be trained as Guardians. Despite his reservations, he was delighted and wished them both good fortune and gave them his blessing. His one condition was that Grogaan was to take good care of his little girl.
Grogaan assured him there was nothing he would not do to protect her, and Blaith knew without doubt Grogaan meant it.
They did not stay long, and then retired to Ellarna’s room for a final evening drink to round off an eventful and surprising day. After spending some time together in peace and quiet, Grogaan pondered his feelings toward Ellarna, how much he loved her, and how much she meant to him. He thought about the meaning of the dreams, or visions as he now knew they were, how he would be involved, and what his future held in store for him.
Throughout this time, Grogaan maintained a calm and peaceful demeanour. He wondered if they would turn out to be true and accurate visions of the future; whether they could be changed by events preceding them, or by simple choices that individuals made during their life. He knew only time would reveal the answers.
Grogaan remembered how overjoyed he had been when Miranda accepted his proposal of marriage, which now seemed such a long time ago. He dared to wonder whether he should ever consider wanting to feel that much happiness again. Then there was Ellarna. She had brought him so much joy already, but dare he take the chance to seek the happiness he was deprived of with Miranda, knowing how uncertain his future now was. Before the Empire attacked he would not have hesitated, but now he wasn’t so sure. His mind went into turmoil as he considered the choice that would affect his whole life as much as the training he faced.
Grogaan was still unsure about becoming a Guardian, even with the knowledge of what could happen if he did not undertake the training. From as early as he could remember, Grogaan’s primary ambition was to be a fighter pilot. Now he was one he did not really want to give it up for anything, not even for Ellarna, and he knew she would never ask him to.
Was his future as a Guardian more important than his friends? Was his involvement in the prophecy more important than his love for Ellarna? He wondered if he could train as a Guardian, maintain his position as Squadron Leader, develop his relationship with Ellarna, and still fulfil whatever part of the prophecy related to him. It was a dilemma he knew he was unable to answer truthfully, and it caused him much anguish.
The prophecy was another factor that he had to account for, although it was not the prophecy itself that was causing him concern; it was the way it identified the storm conjurer, how the prophecy was linked with the Teragon Knights, and how his life was intertwined with both. He was puzzled why he saw no references to the Knights anywhere, especially considering the fact that Sorann had been part of the commando team that had been known by that name. Had Sorann merely used the name to instil fear in his enemies, or simply to hide their identities? Was there more to it? Would Sorann reveal it to him in time?
There were too many questions that needed answers, and no time to sit back and think about them, what he wanted to do, or what he had to do. Grogaan wanted to do what was most important for him and his future, but destiny seemed to be making all the choices for him whether he liked it or not. He did not like the way his life was unfolding; not now.
Ellarna turned to face him, sensing his confused thoughts. Grogaan smiled lovingly back at her. He wished they were somewhere romantic as he had been on that day with Miranda, but he decided he did not want to wait.
“Ellarna,” he paused to take a couple of deep breaths to calm his nerves, and then taking hold of her hands asked her that one life changing question: “Will you marry me?”
Nothing could have made her as happy as she felt at that precise moment. She threw her arms around him and kissed him passionately. “Yes, yes of course I will. You’ve made me the happiest woman on Marderas. How could I ever refuse? I love you so much,” she said ecstatically.
He slipped his hand into his jacket pocket and withdrew a small felt covered box, which he then opened and removed a Kopaz and diamond ring. Ellarna’s eyes lit up with sheer delight, and her heart skipped a beat when he slipped the ring onto her finger. The two embraced again, and settled back on the sofa in each other’s arms, Grogaan’s dilemma momentarily pushed to the back of his mind.
Grogaan purchased the ring on an impulse a week before the Empire attacked their home, and from the same jewellers where he had bought the ring for Miranda. He knew it was the perfect one for Ellarna, even though he had thought it might never be given.





Chapter Eight

Piserron, Pison System, Beraston Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

When the four arrived on Piserron and had settled in, Sorann checked on how everything was progressing at the Academy. He was pleased to see all the students were advancing in their training schedules within expectations. His absence had not had an adverse effect, for which he was relieved.
The teachers and even some of the students sensed the dark presence lurking within Grogaan as soon as they met him, and were obviously very concerned, knowing what had transpired in the past. Sorann therefore took it upon himself to train Grogaan and Ellarna personally. He needed to prove to himself he still possessed the ability to train a Guardian apprentice, and for that individual to resist succumbing to the influence of dark magic.
Sorann explained the situation to the other Guardians, and once they understood the Mabraantan’s history, they agreed to assist where possible. With the formalities and pleasantries concluded, the training schedule started immediately.
As the days passed by, it was obvious that Grogaan’s ability to utilise his magic was growing exceptionally fast, much faster than any other apprentice that had attended the Academy over the last decade. Sorann was not surprised, believing this was due to the advances he had already made under the influence of the dark realm. It did make some of the other Guardians nervous and concerned, but it did not stop them trying hard. There was more at stake than the fate of one apprentice.
Even though he was unaware of it, Sorann was wrong in his assumption of Grogaan’s abilities. Yes, he was able to utilise the power of the upper realm more easily than most, but it was not because of the influence of that realm or the magic that seeped from it. He was one of those rare individuals that appeared from time to time, one who was gifted with an ability to perform magical acts greater than most.
On the down side and unfortunately for Grogaan, not having been trained from the moment his abilities were discovered, rendered him susceptible to the strong influence of the magic from the upper realm. Regardless of that influence or his decisions, Grogaan’s future was already written and he would walk the path set out for him and fulfil that destiny.
The first month was very difficult for Grogaan. He found it hard to keep his emotions under the control he had developed while fighting the Krelathans, especially when Sorann pushed him beyond the point of comfort. Due to the first month’s difficulties, Sorann developed a special training schedule for the new apprentice. He pushed him hard both mentally and physically at every opportunity. The Guardian Master was sceptical about his approach and knew he was taking a big risk, but he also knew he had to break the hold of the dark realm over Grogaan. He believed this was the only way to do it, and thankfully, he had the support from Deanna and the other instructors.
By the end of the second month, Grogaan was successfully burying his emotions for the family and friends he had lost in the Krelathan conflicts. He never forgot them, how they died, or the loss he felt now they were gone. Thoughts of the loss would always bring feelings of regret, but now he successfully maintained excellent control when confronted by the facts.
The training he undertook was very hard and exhaustive. Although Grogaan was relatively fit and strong, he benefited considerably, both physically and mentally. In the third month, Grogaan’s progression, especially in his self-control, was far greater than even he expected. Sorann was extremely pleased with his apprentice, who was finally overcoming his inner conflict. The influence of the upper realm was being pushed ever farther from him, which enabled Grogaan to resist the temptations with greater ease. He was, however, still able to draw strength from the energy from that realm, adding strength and power to his abilities without the negative effects.
Ellarna’s training was progressing exceptionally well, and much faster than any of them were expecting. Her advances in ability were a considerable help to her fiancé, and the continuous support she gave him had the benefit of calming his mind and helped him to relax. She also took strength from Grogaan’s support in her training, especially when the two embarked on training schedules together.
Sorann was more than satisfied with the speed of her development, knowing that once fully trained, Ellarna would become a very strong Guardian with much influence. Her political experience and expertise coupled with her mental dexterity and good nature would make her an excellent diplomat. She possessed the ability to apply her lessons extremely well, as well as gaining considerable insight into the nature of the astral realm and the ways of the Guardians.
She had a remarkable insight into the principles she was learning, which allowed her to explain them to others. Some of the Guardians saw this gift being utilised on several occasions with the other students, and believed it was something that would be of great benefit to the Academy. Sorann agreed, but recommended they hold back from putting the suggestion to her for a while.
After three months of training, the teachers realised they had been wrong about Grogaan. It was now believed that he and Ellarna would make a very strong and powerful team: An asset to the Republic and the expansion of the Guardian influence in the galaxy. Both possessed strength in different abilities which complimented each other, but their compatibility as a couple added to their overall bearing and presence.
After having undertaken only four months of training, the two students had learnt all the techniques and lessons available to them. They were very surprised by this and felt convinced there was much more, especially Grogaan. He believed there was something missing, some teachings on how to wield magic in ways that had not yet been revealed. He did not know how he knew, but reasoned that it was the realm influencing his thoughts and understanding.
As far as Sorann and the other Guardians were concerned, all that remained was for the two to continue practising, mastering the abilities already learnt, and then applying everything to their everyday life. Sorann was amazed at how quickly both students had developed, especially Grogaan, and the dexterity he showed in constructing a powersword.
He also noticed how carefully they had chosen the colour and density of the crystals needed by the swords. Both energy blades were deep green, but what made them unusual was that the colours appeared to become even brighter when in close proximity.

When Grogaan arose each day, he would spend some time sitting cross-legged on the floor meditating. During one of his sessions, another disturbing vision appeared to him, although it did not trouble him as much as usual. On this particular morning, he remained sitting where he was for almost two hours, thinking about the meaning behind the vision and its possible consequences.
Unfortunately, his tiredness restricted the depth of his meditation, resulting in his troubled demeanour and his curiosity over the vision. It was still very early. Dawn had not broken, and almost everyone at the Academy was still asleep. Grogaan got up unsteadily, his legs stiff from sitting so long. He had a quick shower to freshen up before going to the dining area for something to eat, still feeling a little emotionally strained. He had not felt this bad since commencing the training schedules.
Choosing a few pieces of dried fruit, a bread roll and a glass of cooled water, he sat down and started to eat alone. It was pleasantly silent early in the morning. There was nobody about, and the construction of the building prevented any external sounds penetrating the walls and windows. Grogaan had grown to enjoy silence so much he sometimes wished he could spend most of his time away from other people, especially when troubled, or when with Ellarna.
He was still unable to fathom the meaning behind the dream, so decided to give it no more thought for the time being. Instead, he let his thoughts drift onto other things: His friends and Kopaz Squadron; the battle of Mabraan; the fate of his mother, and the people of his homeworld. These thoughts only brought sadness and regret, so he tried to think about nothing in particular. Unfortunately, the troubling vision kept resurfacing and did nothing to alleviate his discomfort.
Ellarna was relaxing on her bed contemplating on the day ahead when she sensed her partner’s anguish. She hastily arose, dressed and went to find him. She walked gracefully into the dining area like a princess entering an audience chamber, wearing the dark blue bodysuit she wore during many of her training exercises.
Before leaving for Piserron, Ellarna had her hair cut to just below her shoulders, which was now tied low into a ponytail that swayed gently back and forth as she walked. She chose a small bread roll, an apple and a glass of water then sat opposite Grogaan, remaining silent until he had swallowed the last mouthful of his drink.
Reaching out and taking hold of his hands, Ellarna continued gazing directly into his eyes as if her gaze would penetrate the depths of his mind. Her touch had an instant effect on him, a calming and reassuring influence. They were in perfect tune with each other, and they both felt the intensity of their magic flowing through them.
The bond between them was greater than it had ever been before, enhanced greatly by their ever-growing power of magic. As a result, their gift was transcending to a higher level, one that was rare among wizards in the age of the Guardians, but more common during the time of the Teragon Knights. This bond allowed their power to impact on each other in a way that none understood. It enhanced their abilities and heightened their insight.
Any feelings of distress or discomfort dissipated quickly as they gazed at each other. Ellarna refrained from inquiring about the vision’s content knowing he would reveal it when he was ready to do so. After refilling his glass with water, Grogaan told her of the vision. He saw his mother and others he knew, good people that were now so far away in a distant system. They were in great danger from the invading Imperial forces, and something terrible was going to happen to some of those individuals.
He remembered the words Sorann had spoken during the first week of his training. ‘The future is always in motion and entirely dependent upon the actions of individuals.’ Grogaan also knew that in certain instances, it mattered not what choice was made, because destiny had an uncanny way of making things happen despite those choices. Now destiny was leading him along a path he still doubted was one he wanted to walk, even with Ellarna by his side.
One thing Grogaan was convinced of; it was of vital importance that he returned to Mabraant, but when and why had not yet been revealed. He needed to be patient, a trait that was not one of his strongest, but he was improving and was pleased with his progress in this area. Ellarna was incredibly patient, and it was her continual understanding and encouragement that was really impacting on him. The powers and influence of the astral realm would guide him, and when the time was right he would act. He was convinced that it would be the beginning of the end of the Hebradon Empire.
Ellarna listened carefully and confirmed his belief that he was to return to Mabraant, having sensed she was being directed along the same path. She was to accompany him regardless of the cost. “We must go with the minimum of ships and personnel to achieve whatever destiny is directing us to do, and you will certainly not be travelling alone,” she said matter-of-factly.
“You come too?” Grogaan was surprised by her comment. “I thought you’d attempt to dissuade me from going, and certainly not agree to accompany me.”
She gazed intently at her partner, her warm smile breaking his concern. “Under normal circumstance maybe that would be so, but when destiny guides, you follow. To hesitate or do something else might have dire consequences. There is much at stake and I know my destiny lies at your side. This is very important Grogaan; it cannot be dismissed. We must embark on this venture regardless of what Sorann or the others think.”
Grogaan was delighted knowing his soul-mate thought the same way about the situation, and knew without doubt they would succeed. “Well, that settles it. Now we just wait for the right moment.”
“And right now, it’s time for our training session. Are you ready?”
“Yes, but none of your funny tricks this time.”
“Would I dare do such a thing?” she said with feigned shock.
Grogaan glared playfully at her.
Ellarna swung her legs over the bench, got up and ran toward the door. “See you back here you slow Managlar,” she said goading her partner and laughing. The lithe elegant body of Ellarna disappeared outside, leaving Grogaan stunned at her comment, even though he knew she was only teasing.
The Managlar was a breed of wild boar found on the southern plains of Mabraant, and even though it was larger than the Hardassa Boar, it was a lot slower, making it easier to catch.
Grogaan jumped up and gave chase without consciously drawing on his magic. He caught up about a kilometre from the base. The course that had been recently constructed was designed to test the endurance, skill, agility and adaptability of the apprentices. For a Guardian, strength and dexterity in magic was not all that was required. They needed to be very fit and agile to cope with the physical demands of space travel and combat.
Its route would take them through some of the thinned out forest several kilometres to the west, then circle around in a large ark ending up at the east side of the complex. It was about twenty-five kilometres in length. The distance was not a great trial for a Guardian, but there were several surprises along the way. There were obstacles that needed a great deal of concentration, agility and reliance on magic, if the course was to be completed correctly.
The two apprentices ran at a steady pace maintaining their concentration and mental relaxation, thus allowing the power to permeate through their minds and bodies. They could feel the magic giving them strength and stamina. During the run, Grogaan sensed the presence of hundreds of creatures of all sizes. They surrounded him, and yet he was still able to distinguish between them.
After about fifteen kilometres of steady running, they approached the section that contained the various obstacles. They tackled them with relative ease and completed the course well within their allotted timescale.
Borgaris was standing outside the complex practising his levitation skills when the two arrived. “Good morning Grogaan, Ellarna. Enjoy your early morning run?”
“Very much thank you, Borgaris. You should try it yourself sometime,” replied Grogaan.
The other apprentice smiled and said, “I’m afraid that’s not one of my strong points, but I know I must endeavour to improve in that discipline also.”
Borgaris was the first Galleenan to enter the Academy for training, and arrived about one month after Grogaan and Ellarna. His exceptional ability was in the art of telekinesis and sensory perception, the latter being very useful in his primary occupation on Galleen: Diplomacy. He was a wise, intelligent and friendly man with a calm, patient and understanding nature, and was well liked by all the other apprentices and teachers at the Academy.
Grogaan liked Borgaris a lot and the two got on very well. Borgaris helped Grogaan improve his ability to suppress the negative emotions that were enhanced by the power of the upper realm; mainly his anger and resentment at the Krelathans. This had a profound impact on the way Grogaan was able to draw on and use his magic, increasing his potential considerably. He had still not learnt to let his mind drift into the astral realm to see visions of events as Sorann and a few others were able to, but this did not deter him or affect his confidence.
Borgaris accompanied Grogaan and Ellarna into the complex for breakfast. After eating, the two Mabraantans returned to the main training area where their first group training session was to be held, which was to be sword fighting. They would be using practice swords constructed from softwood, which although padded, could give some nasty bruises. Grogaan proved many times over that he was very competent with the sword and Sorann had decided to give him a little extra testing on this occasion.
The Master was intrigued to discover how far Grogaan could be pushed before losing control over his emotions. This way he could ascertain how much more training his apprentice would require in improving his self-control, if any at all. Sorann often added little surprises for the apprentices to keep them on their toes, forcing them to draw on more magical power, to push out their awareness and perception of their abilities and surroundings through their gift.
Five other apprentices had completed their session and now it was Grogaan’s turn. He went to pick up a sword but Sorann handed him one without padding. Grogaan smiled and nodded gently. He knew the Master was planning a surprise for him having sensed his intent, but not the precise details. This intrigued him, and he believed he was going to enjoy this session. He walked into the centre of the area and did a few exercises to loosen his muscles.
Sorann chose Skoprak to be Grogaan’s opponent on this occasion. He was one of the current teachers at the Academy and was also the most proficient swordsman next to him: A perfect choice for the test. Skoprak walked out and took up the ‘on-guard’ position in front of Grogaan, who responded likewise, but carried out the manoeuvre more slowly and deliberately.
No trainee had used unpadded swords so early in their training, so Grogaan knew this was more than a practice session. It was one that would test him and his skills, not only in sword play, but in the use of his magic. He knew Sorann intended to test him far beyond what was expected at this stage in his development. The question he asked himself was, why now?
The teacher sensed his thoughts and moved in to attack hoping to catch Grogaan unprepared. He was mistaken. Both teacher and trainee moved with surprising agility and speed, their swords striking together with almighty crashes. Grogaan relaxed his mind and drew upon his power allowing it to flow freely, permeating every fibre of his body and soul. As it did, he began to see the ripples in the fabric of space and extended his sphere of responsibility and perception. Grogaan clearly saw every movement Skoprak intended mere moments before he made it.
Ten minutes passed and Sorann saw that neither of the two combatants were becoming weary or gaining an advantage, which was surprising considering the advantage Skoprak had over Grogaan in experience and discipline. He looked at Marast and nodded. Marast rose to his feet, drew up his sword and rushed in at Grogaan from behind. Raising the sword, he prepared to strike.
When Skoprak sensed Marast rise, he intensified his attack on his opponent to keep him focussed on the fight, hoping to prevent him sensing Marast’s approach.
Skoprak was unsuccessful, as was Marast.
Grogaan immediately knew something was about to happen. He not only sensed Marast rising to his feet, but also his intent. Grogaan parried every stroke Skoprak made, and then just as Marast was about to strike, he sprang upward and somersaulted forward over Skoprak. Twisting in mid air, he landed facing the instructor and ready to attack.
Meanwhile, Marast’s sword arced in to where Grogaan should have been standing. He was unable to stop his stroke, lost his balance, and stumbled, much to his embarrassment. Skoprak, momentarily caught unaware by his opponent’s tenacity and ability, barely managed to recover and deflect the strike coming from behind.
Like Skoprak, Sorann had not expected Grogaan to undertake such a manoeuvre He smiled, impressed with the young Mabraantan’s performance. He had learnt well and was beginning to think and act as a Guardian. So far, Grogaan was surpassing his expectations of him.
The sense of magical power in the area was so strong, Sorann felt its effects without drawing upon it himself. However strong Grogaan appeared to be now, the Master hoped his strength would enable him to resist the influence of the dark realm’s power. Many Guardian apprentices had been influenced by the evil powers and had ultimately turned away from the light, but this was only because of their lack of judgement and misguided ambitions.
He sincerely hoped this would not happen to Grogaan. Time would tell, and Sorann believed that time was approaching far too quickly, but he had no real need to worry himself over this issue. Regardless of Grogaan’s power or the influence of the dark magic upon him, it was Grogaan’s underlying sense of morality and honour that would give him the strength to resist. The Mabraantan did not hunger for power, wealth or dominion over others, nor did he consider using his gift for his own benefit. Despite his own feelings of doubt, it was this inner trait of his that would prevent him succumbing to the full influence of his negative emotions.
Marast and Skoprak, who had swiftly recovered from Grogaan’s surprise manoeuvre, were now circling their opponent, attacking, jabbing, thrusting and feinting, and not giving him a moment’s break. As time passed by and under Sorann’s instruction, a third joined the two attackers. Grogaan felt him closing and sensed it was Laraq, who was one of the best sword fighters among the apprentices. A sudden wave of concern washed over him at having to confront three attackers. He momentarily lost his concentration and then felt the threads of anger bubbling up.
Unable to quench its effect quickly enough, the memory of his brother, father and Miranda burst into his mind. He was beginning to lose his edge and the flow of his magic was diminishing rapidly, and still his attackers pressed in relentlessly. His anger grew, threatening to overwhelm his self-control. His body temperature began rising making him uncomfortable, and his eyes began to lose focus.
Sorann sensed Grogaan’s lapse of control, and although disappointed, he was pleased that the apprentice had maintained his control for as long as he had under the circumstances. He was about to call an end to the session, but he hesitated when he sensed Grogaan was beginning to regain his focus.
Realising he was beginning to fall apart and lose control, Grogaan tried hard to prevent any further degeneration. He felt a coldness drawing near, the gentle suggestive prompting from the dark realm, tempting him to draw on the power of his negative emotions and let the tainted magic permeate him fully. Skoprak took advantage and pushed home a vicious onslaught, but Grogaan survived the attack more by instinct and reflex action than calculated manoeuvring.
Gaining a moment of relief, Grogaan shook his head hard and screamed out in his mind. It was of an intensity that would have pierced the ear of anyone nearby had it been shouted out loud. Sorann winced as he sensed the inner outburst, was shocked by it, and feared the worst. Then as he continued to watch the fight he saw Grogaan smiling, and marvelled at the man’s audacity.
Ellarna also heard the scream, and reeled at the impact it had within her mind. She was stunned by the intensity of it, and alarmed that it had come from her fiancé. She became concerned about him, but then felt his change of emotion, and was relieved when she sensed him regain control of his emotions. She also heard the thoughts he had of her and was pleased by it.
Forcing himself to relax, Grogaan tried to block out the tempting sensations caused by the dark realm’s influence and refocused on his attackers. He thought of Ellarna and what she meant to him: His future wife, his second soul-mate. He smiled again and immediately started to regain control of his emotions. Opening his mind afresh to his magic, its power began to flow freely once more. As he relaxed further and felt his emotions calm, the magic flooded through his entire being. He found it extremely invigorating.
Grogaan knew his abilities were being pushed to the limit, but he refused to give in to the influence of his negative emotions. He felt his strength returning both mentally and spiritually. A wave of relief washed over him.
Ellarna felt that relief and shared the emotional victory he gained. She was delighted at the way he fought against the temptation to allow his anger to drive his actions. As their minds touched in thought, the bond between them allowed him to share her strength even though he did not consciously draw upon it.
Quickly assessing the position of his assailants while taking a deep calming breath, he sprang upward and performed a backward somersault over Marast, landing softly behind him. This manoeuvre gave Grogaan the few vital seconds, which allowed him to relax further and gain that final essence of control over his emotions. The magic empowered him back to a level he knew he would be able to control himself without fear of relapse.
Grogaan’s actions restored the confidence Sorann had in his apprentice. It also reminded him of the time he fought Emperor Belack, the memory returning with vivid detail. His covert team had infiltrated the Imperial Place, destroyed many computer and communication systems, and caused much disruption. They had also succeeded in killing dozens of high ranking Imperial officers and corrupt officials residing at the palace at the time. It had been a daring and risky mission, but the benefits if successful would set the Belocian Empire back considerably. One factor that almost jeopardised the mission before it started was that Emperor Belack had returned without anyone knowing, not even his senators or his commanders.
The team was just waiting for Sorann’s return when the Emperor’s guards appeared, followed by the Emperor himself. Sorann was cut off and the fighting ferocious. He had performed a backward somersault to avoid the savage onslaught by the guards, which gave him the edge and led to his ultimate victory, with a little unexpected assistance.
Sorann smiled. At last, one of his students was beginning to master the use of magic, control his own actions and resist the powers of the dark realm. He wondered if it was time to consider resurrecting the Teragon Knights, but there was so much to contemplate before doing so. Was the time right? Was the galaxy ready for the Teragon Knights? More importantly, was Sorann and the other Guardians ready to take up the name permanently, and did they know enough about the original brotherhood to do the name true justice? If he was being honest with himself, the answer was no to all of those questions. It was too early, and too little was known about the ancient order.
Moments after Grogaan landed, Marast swung around with his sword in an arc that would have terminated at Grogaan’s waist. His strike was blocked by Grogaan’s own sword and the force of the two making contact sent a shudder up the attacker’s arm. His momentary hesitation gave Grogaan an opening in which he swept his sword under Marast’s guard and stopped millimetres from his chest. The defeated apprentice bowed out of the scene leaving Skoprak and Laraq to continue.
The two remaining assailants pressed in with added ferocity, but Grogaan deflected every strike. Now he had regained his composure and peace within himself, he decided it was time he attacked instead of defending. He did so with equal intensity, but he remained completely calm and controlled. The speed of that attack surprised most of the students watching, even Sorann, who then indicated for another two apprentices to join the fray.
Grogaan sensed the intent of the two apprentices and intensified his onslaught on Skoprak and Laraq. A few moments later, Laraq faltered and dropped his guard momentarily, giving Grogaan the opening he needed. It was a small opening, but enough. Without hesitation, Grogaan swung his sword in a single-handed grasp through Laraq’s defence.
Accepting the strike as a fatal hit he left the fray gracefully, avoiding the other apprentices rushing in. Skoprak took advantage of the situation and attacked quickly, but before his strike could administer the simulated deathblow, Grogaan dived into a forward roll on the floor, sprung up onto his feet and re-joined the fight, immediately striking out one of the newcomers.
It was not long before the other apprentice bowed out, feeling a little embarrassed at his short time in the fight. Grogaan and Skoprak continued until the Master called an end to the session. Sorann was very pleased with the performance of both student and instructor. He knew then it was time to accept the position of Guardian Master as the others claimed him to be, but more importantly, to stop doubting his abilities. He also knew it was time to spend his days instructing future Guardians, imparting his experience and knowledge to others, and taking the reins associated with being a Master.
After so many years he finally understood that it was not just perfecting the abilities that made a Master; it was how that person conducted their life and their thoughts; how they dealt with life’s situations however complicated; how they treated other races of all intelligence levels, and how they regarded themselves.
Grogaan saluted Skoprak and realised how much effort his opponent had expended. The teacher was soaked with perspiration, but surprisingly calm and relaxed. Grogaan was delighted at his performance knowing how close he was to succumbing to the dark magic. He dared not consider what might have happened had he done so.
A feeling of peace and contentment he had not experienced before washed over him. It eased his mind and confirmed he was on the long road to ultimate victory. Catching Ellarna gazing at him, he smiled. She returned the gesture. He knew she had felt everything he had gone through, every strain, every emotion, the anguish and the relief of victory.
He knew she was very proud of him, saw the delight in her expression, the sparkle in her eyes, and felt the warmth of her love. In his mind he thanked her for her trust and faith in him, and expressed his delight at the way the bond between them allowed them to share so much. Grogaan even began believing destiny had placed a higher purpose on his life than he did, and that his life was beginning to intertwine with the prophecy. He was still unable to see himself as the main protagonist, but that could easily change in the future.
One marked change occurred in the apprentice because of that fight; he no longer had any doubts or misgivings about becoming a Guardian. In fact, for the first time since learning about his heritage, Grogaan was happy about being adept in magic and at the prospect of what he was to become.

A week after having had the vision, Grogaan was disturbed from his sleep by an image of a white eagle soaring high above the Potrodand mountains. He believed he understood the meaning behind the vision, but he indulged in his regular time of meditation to seek guidance and confirmation. As he meditated and let his magic fill his body, he felt light-headed and began to see images of the past, the present and the future flash through his mind.
Moments later, the vision reappeared with such clarity he knew without doubt it was time to go. Grogaan could not ignore the prompting. He was still unsure what was to be done or what would be achieved, but that was of no concern to him at this time; all would be revealed when the time was right.
Ellarna also received the prompting. She dressed quickly and went to see her fiancé to tell him. While eating breakfast, the two discussed the vision in depth. Was there a hidden meaning they had overlooked previously; what resources were required to undertake the mission, and what risks might be involved. Once they were satisfied, they went to see Sorann.
Sorann was meditating in his private chamber when they called. A vision appeared to him, one where a group of Guardians and fighter pilots flew toward a planet he did not know. They were on a rescue mission that had no apparent purpose, but the vision could not be ignored or set aside. He sensed the prompting telling him that he must join those who were to embark on it. Feeling no sense of warning, he knew he had no choice.
While reflecting on the vision and trying to ascertain its meaning, Sorann’s concentration was disturbed by the faint sound of the door chime, but he already knew who would be waiting to see him. He slowly brought himself back to full consciousness and called for them to enter.
“I hope we’re not disturbing you, Master Taggash,” said Grogaan.
“No, of course not; I know why you are here,” he replied calmly as he invited them to sit. “Please tell me of your intent.”
Grogaan and Ellarna were surprised at his response. Sorann smiled and said nothing more.
“Twice now I have had a vision of the future which involves my mother and several people I know.” Coming to terms with having left his mother behind on Mabraant when he had escaped the battle played heavily on his mind. To have attempted a rescue mission so soon after the battle would have been suicide with Imperial ships in the system and a garrison on the planet.
“I know they are in danger, but there is more to the vision than just saving the lives of our families. Something important will come out of the venture. I firmly believe it has something to do with the future demise of the Hebradon Empire. We must go back to Mabraant, rescue them and fulfil the destiny that lies ahead.”
Sorann looked intently at Grogaan and sensed how serious he felt about it, and his desire to save their families. “When do you intend to leave?”
“That will depend on when Kopaz Squadron can leave Marderas, but I guess about mid-day tomorrow. I’ll need to contact Zaack and tell him to prepare the squadron and meet us on Shaqua. It’s preferable for me and Kopaz Squadron to act as escort, with someone else flying the yacht, but I don’t know who.”
“How long do you estimate the mission will take to complete?”
Grogaan thought for a moment. “I estimated about twenty-one days; three for Kopaz Squadron to get to Shaqua, four to get to Breolis Seven, one to carry out the rescue, seven for the return journey, and another six to allow for delays.
Sorann nodded. “That’s a long time.” He rubbed his hand over his chin while thinking about the situation. “You go on ahead and contact your colleagues and I’ll organise a pilot for the yacht.”

Sorann sat quietly pondering the mission Grogaan was about to embark on. There was something that made him feel uncomfortable about the whole situation, a nagging feeling in the back of his mind that just would not go away. Even so, he knew he had to ensure the mission succeeded, and he knew he had to accompany them whether he liked it or not. Sorann wondered why the vision had such an effect on him, and why he should be involved in a mission that had little bearing on his future and little possibility of success.
He wondered if there was more to it than he could perceive at this moment in time, something that would be revealed when the time was right. Then he recalled his thoughts about the Teragon Knights, and the darkness residing deep within Grogaan. Grogaan had explained what the darkness represented, but Sorann now believed the Mabraantan held something back, something that could have serious implications, not only on his future, but that of the galaxy.
For some unknown reason, he also had a strange inclination to believe it was going to have a direct impact on his desire to resurrect the Brotherhood of the Teragon Knights, but wondered how that could be possible.
He shivered as he felt the astral realm’s power infuse his body. He called for Deanna to join him in his office.





Chapter Nine

Marderas, Madera System, Manora Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

With their Squadron Leader away training to become a Guardian, the nine Mabraantan pilots expected to be extremely bored and despondent, anticipating having little to do. They were all concerned about the future of Kopaz Squadron, although Zaack and Joeen knew without doubt Grogaan would return eventually; Kopaz Squadron was his and he would not desert it for long, nor disband it.
The four MDF pilots, had at Grogaan’s suggestion, become full members of the Squadron. Although Doraant and Eldaan were not overly impressed with the idea, they understood Grogaan’s reasoning for doing it and accepted it. As the weeks passed by, they realised it was a good move for them all.
At Group Captain Vergam’s request, Sheanna, the squadron administration officer, arranged for squadron badges to be made for them, with designations Kopaz seven through to ten. The four were delighted, especially Parrin, who had stopped complaining and causing trouble. It had taken him a couple of weeks to calm down after Grogaan first left, but he had begun to understand the bond that existed between the Kopaz pilots. More importantly, it taught him why it was necessary.
It was not just about friendship, it was about trust and confidence in each other, knowing that each of them would be there to assist when in trouble, and to put themselves in danger to help their friends. That friendship and trust they had was what made them so dangerous and formidable in combat. Parrin also learnt the importance of why Grogaan was such a good commander, and had the respect of his friends as their leader.
Group Captain Vergam was as good as his word and found numerous operational duties for Kopaz Squadron to assist in. Most were basic escort duties, with only four sorties resulting in actual combat, but it was enough to keep the Mabraantans busy. A new group of pirates was operating in the Kesresson Sector causing considerable trouble for shipping. Thanks to Kopaz Squadron,- the pirates’ starfighter group was now down in number by twenty ships. They returned to base and received praise and commendations from the Group Captain, setting them in good stead for their future within the Ladorran Republic.
The short fight had contained some very dicey moments in which they almost lost Marck and Solarn, but Zaack and Joeen’s tenacious dog-fighting skills saved them. The two former MDF pilots were so grateful, their whole attitude to, and opinions of Kopaz Squadron improved. There was no more doubt, suspicion or jealousy toward them. It had the same effect on Parrin and Arron.
Grogaan contacted Zaack usually twice a week in the first two months after his departure, during which they discussed the squadron’s performance and what he was actually doing. In the third month, Zaack only heard from his friend once a week and was becoming a little anxious about him and the future of the Squadron. He was hoping everything would still be well between them when Grogaan returned.
Even with the numerous sorties they had flown keeping them relatively busy, the nine pilots longed to be reunited with their friend and commander. The five original members were missing the camaraderie and joviality the squadron once shared. The other four had settled in really well after their encounter, but it was not the same without Grogaan’s unusual sense of humour.
The squadron was incomplete and it felt wrong not having him around. Zaack could see things were different now, with Grogaan becoming a Guardian and the responsibilities that would bring. He even began thinking that Grogaan might leave the squadron, but hoped he would not.
Parrin even began missing Grogaan’s company, and Joeen was distraught over his prolonged absence, but never showed it in company. Lusiana was still happy, happier than she had ever been. Being part of a unique and special squadron with such good friends was more than she hoped for, and was not concerned about the lack of duties or work. She and Eldaan were spending a lot of time together away from the others, going for a drink or a meal. Eldaan was not rushing into a serious relationship, neither was she, but they enjoyed each other’s company very much, and romance was beginning to blossom.
Joeen would often cry herself to sleep thinking Grogaan would not be returning to command his squadron, and that she might not be able to see him very often, if at all. The young woman was still at odds with herself over her feelings for him, and occasionally the inner turmoil got the better of her. She would then become irritable and moody, and avoid the others’ company to hide her feelings from them.
Much to her frustration, jealousy was also rising to annoying levels. She often had unkind thoughts of Ellarna, wishing she had not got involved in his life. She knew the two were a perfect match, but it still did not prevent Joeen from thinking as she did. Ever since their meeting at the lake, the young woman had secretly hoped Grogaan would forget about Ellarna and fall for her instead, but it was not to be. Or was it? She had discovered her true feelings for him that day, and scolded herself so many times for not confronting him over it.
After three months had passed, Joeen and Doraant had become close friends, and often accompanied Lusiana and Eldaan when they went out for the evening. Zaack felt the odd one out, and although a few young women had caught his attention, his thoughts were on Francine. He wanted to visit her on Shaqua, but it meant being away from the squadron for at least a week, which was unacceptable. He considered the option of the whole squadron going there for a break, but he was unable to pluck up the courage to suggest it.
In contrast to the first three months, the following one was very quiet and they embarked on only a few sorties. Group captain Vergam believed the pirates were restocking and rethinking their strategy after suffering heavy losses thanks to Kopaz Squadron. As a result, the four former MDF pilots were beginning to get restless. They knew the Group Captain was trying to get them as much work as possible, but most of the activities where they could be included were in other sectors that would put them at too much of a risk, and were too far from Marderas.
Jorreel remained unsure about sending them on these missions without consulting Grogaan, despite being told that Zaack had full discretion on what they were to be involved in. Zaack understood Jorreel’s position, and although he was acting Squadron Leader, he too was unwilling to take that responsibility himself. Much to his delight and relief, none of the others disputed or argued with him over it. They accepted and respected Zaack’s decision to turn some of them down, even if it meant more down time.
Their problem was that there was nothing else to do. It had been different when they were on Mabraant. Solarn, Parrin, Marck and Arron had their MDF duties; Zaack, Eldaan, Doraant and Joeen had their engineering duties. Joeen had not only transferred to Kopaz Squadron, but had resigned from the MDF to work at Mabraant Engineering with the others. She had never considered the option of leaving the MDF prior to being accepted by the Squadron, and knew it was the right thing to do. Lusiana had also resigned from the MDF after discussing it with Joeen, and thanks to Grogaan’s influence and support, secured an administration post at Mabraant Engineering. She was an excellent pilot, but was not quite so proficient at engineering, although she learnt as much as she needed to support the squadron and maintain her ship.

The nine were relaxing in the pilot’s lounge, feet up on the tables, drinking and talking about anything that came to mind. They were trying to cheer each other up after an extended period of inactivity. It seemed to be such a long wait in between each mission they were offered, and they were now beginning to lose heart. After four months, each day that passed seemed to make it harder to remain optimistic. Even Joeen and Lusiana’s sense of humour often failed to cheer them up sufficiently.
Parrin, the over anxious highly-strung member of the group, sat upright rather abruptly, his self control apparently forgotten. “We should be doing something about that damned Empire that conquered our world, not just sitting around here doing nothing,” he blurted out impatiently.
“Cool it Parrin!” said Zaack, the warning evident in his voice, even though deep down he agreed with him. “Nine of us aren’t going to be of any real benefit. I’m sure the Ladorran Republic would help, but it’s going to take a large fleet to stand up to that Empire.”
Parrin glared at Zaack and would have said something in reply, but he knew Zaack was right. It was no use getting stressed and angry over something they could not change alone. “I’m sorry for spurting out like that Zaack,” he said slouching back into his chair. He realised once again how much he needed to ease off and relax, take life as it came, and accept the circumstances he could not change. “I will try and control my impatience and temper, I swear, but it’s so hard knowing our people are suffering at the hands of those Imperials.”
Zaack understood exactly how he felt. “We all know how you’re feeling and wish we could do something, but don’t worry about it. We’ll get our own back one day, you see if we don’t.”
There was no response from Parrin. He lowered his head in resignation and breathed out heavily. He felt so angry and guilty at times for still being alive and so far from his family. According to Grogaan and the others, he had fought extremely well, but he did not believe he had made that much of a difference.
Joeen was quietly minding her own business, trying to stay out of the arguments that usually arose between Parrin and one or more of the others.
Zaack gazed at her and saw that she was deep in thought. She had been very quiet over the past two months, more so than usual. He was now becoming concerned about it, so he asked her what she was thinking about.
“I’ve been thinking about Grogaan not being with us, and what the future holds for us. I’m worried about us and the squadron. I was wondering if he had said anything about how long it takes to become a Guardian.”
Zaack looked at her suspiciously, wondering what she was leading up to. He knew how much Joeen and Grogaan admired each other, and he had been concerned about her motives for joining the squadron from the start. He wondered if that was causing her some emotional problems, however, he had failed to notice that she and Doraant were spending a lot of time together.
“From what he’s told me, it can be anything from two to six years, depending on the individual. Apparently, before Simoshon slaughtered the Guardians, one who had the calling for teaching took the responsibility of one or two apprentice. When the teacher believed his protégé was ready, he would be taken up before the Masters. They would then decide if that person was ready and worthy to be called a Guardian. Now, however, Jorreel believes that Sorann is probably the only one who is qualified enough to make that judgement.”
Joeen sat quietly feeling deflated. She wondered if it had been better if she had not asked. The other pilots were also surprised at what Zaack revealed. A depressive atmosphere descended on the group, and nobody knew what to say to alleviate it, so they remained silent and refrained from asking any more questions.
A man appeared at the doorway to the lounge looking for Zaack. “What a miserable looking bunch you are. Nothing better to do than lounge around drinking hey guys?” he said teasingly.
There was an overwhelming feeling of relief when the man had spoken and broken the silence. They looked at him with bored eyes.
“You got it in one Gerast. We’re just waiting for another job to come along. Until then it’s lounge around and stay out of trouble,” said Zaack, who then smiled at Parrin.
Gerast laughed. “It gets like that at times. Even during the Uprising there were times when we all thought nothing was going to happen.”
Zaack just nodded.
“Well, there’s a call for you on the hypernet. I suggest you get to the comm room pronto.”
Zaack jumped up out of the chair and rushed to the comm room.

Grogaan was sitting in the communications room inside the main complex on Piserron, leaning back in the chair feeling relaxed and calm. Ellarna was in the kitchen area making them both a cup of hot Barearn Tea, something he had developed a strong liking for. It was a sweet and highly aromatic tea, which was best served with a slice of lemon without milk. It was Grogaan and Ellarna’s preferred way of drinking it. She returned with the cups a few moments before Zaack’s image appeared.
“Hello Zaack, how are you?”
“Grogaan! It’s about time you contacted us. I’m fine thanks pal, all the better for hearing from you. How about you?” There was no hiding the excitement in his voice.
“Well, the training’s progressing well.”
When asked, Zaack explained how they had been coping with the lack of operational sorties, mainly because most were in sectors that would take them away for long periods at a time. Not wanting to cause Grogaan any undue concerns, he refrained from telling Grogaan about Parrin’s behaviour.
Grogaan apologised for being away for so long, and for not making contact as frequently as he should have. He also mentioned how much he missed the flying and being with the squadron. Zaack knew how much it was affecting him by the way he spoke, but said nothing. His friend had more important matters to deal with at the moment, which meant the squadron took second place.
“So, have you any idea when you’re going to be rejoining us?”
“Sorann reckons about two or three more months training, but that’s just for starters. However, how would you and the other’s fancy going on a nice long trip?” Grogaan asked but already knew what the reply would be.
Zaack was delighted. “Need you ask? So, what’s it all about?”
Grogaan smiled. “First, I want you to load the fighters into the Miranda’s pride, mine included, along with spares and enough supplies to last about three weeks for about twenty-five people.”
Zaack could not believe what he was hearing. He wondered what his friend was getting them involved in, and a startling thought came to mind; they were going to Mabraant.
Grogaan could see his friend was excited and curious. “Yes, we’re going to Mabraant. We’ll rendezvous at Collatin’s base on Shaqua, and remember that no-one else is to learn about the base. Prepare for immediate departure.”
“No problem, I’ll get to it straight away. See you in about three days.” Zaack’s image disappeared as he terminated the connection.
“He was pleased, wasn’t he?” said Ellarna.
Grogaan turned to face her and picked up his cup of tea. “I’d say that was an understatement.” He took a mouthful of his drink. “Ah! That’s lovely.”
Ellarna smiled. “We had better inform Sorann that everything is under way.”
“After I finish this,” he answered with a warm smile. A few minutes later, the two made their way to Sorann’s office, hoping he had solved the problem of who would fly the yacht. He would do it himself if absolutely necessary, but he really wanted to have ten starfighters to deal with any trouble they might encounter. Grogaan did not doubt the ability of his friends, but knew their confidence would be far greater if he was commanding them from his own fighter, and he knew his ability would make all the difference.

Zaack was happier than he had been since Grogaan had left for Piserron. Why they were returning to Mabraant and the fact that it would be very dangerous did not concern him. He knew it was for an extremely good reason, and it would be a welcome break. He would follow Grogaan to the ends of the galaxy and beyond if necessary, regardless of the cost.
Gerast was sitting quietly in the anteroom while he waited for Zaack to finish. “Good news?” he asked when he saw how much happier Zaack was.
“Great news actually; we’re off on a trip back home.”
Gerast looked a bit dejected. ‘It’s all right for some,’ he thought, and then wondered whether he would be allowed to join them. “Zaack?” he called out.
Zaack stopped and looked back toward him inquisitively.
The comm operator paused. “Oh, never mind,” he said, “it’s not important.”
Zaack guessed he was hoping to accompany them, and laughed. “Hey Gerast, I’ve no objections about you coming with us, and I’m sure Grogaan won’t mind either. Actually, having a comms officer accompanying us might be of great benefit.”
Gerast stared at him wide eyed, wondering if he really meant it.
“If your commanding officer has no objections, I’ll be in the hangar preparing the ships. Come over when you’re ready, but let me know immediately if you change your mind.”
Gerast nodded vigorously and went to contact his commander. While he was doing that, Zaack returned to the lounge to tell the others the news. They too were excited, even though they had no idea why they were going. The group wasted no time getting everything prepared for the journey, while Eldaan went to collect the Miranda’s pride.
Shortly afterward, everything was loaded onto the ship and secured. All of them were in high spirits and looking forward to the trip, as was Gerast, who arrived just in time. They checked everything before closing the loading bay door, and were soon setting course for Shaqua to rendezvous with Grogaan.

While Grogaan and Ellarna walked to Sorann’s office, they continued deliberating over whom they would rescue from Mabraant. Grogaan considered obtaining a larger ship, but that would probably jeopardise the whole mission. ‘It would be unfair,’ Ellarna had said, ‘if we rescue only members of our families and not those of the other members of your squadron.’ Grogaan agreed without question, but with only one yacht, they would be limited to selecting only six passengers, maybe eight or nine at the most. It was becoming a major problem for them. Who would they leave behind?
Sorann and Deanna were talking quietly together regarding the trip when the two entered, both looking perplexed. Grogaan explained that Kopaz Squadron would be rendezvousing with them in approximately three days.
“Have you figured out who we can get to fly the yacht?” asked Ellarna.
Sorann smiled at Deanna and then at his other friends. “I have actually. Me,” he said pointing at himself.
Grogaan was surprised. “I don’t know about that. What about your responsibilities here?”
“The other Guardian instructors have managed the Academy well enough without me, so there’ll be no problems if I’m away. Anyway, I believe it’s the right thing to do.” He spoke in a tone that precluded argument. “Besides,” he continued, “if my assumptions are correct, the ability to cloak the yacht will be an extreme advantage if we encounter any enemy forces.”
Grogaan accepted the argument, but felt obliged to warn him of the natural inhibiting forces that existed upon Mabraant. Sorann was sceptical about the fact, but knew there were many strange phenomena across the galaxy that continually surprised him. This was just another challenge to overcome.
The four were faced with the difficult and sensitive decision about who they would leave behind. They would either have to upset some of the squadron pilots, or risk two flights to Mabraant from Breolis Seven. The former was not ideal because of the resentment it would cause among the squadron; the latter was far too risky and would probably result in the deaths of one or more pilots, which was also not acceptable.
This was a dilemma that had to be resolved. To delay or cancel the mission was out of the question. He believed that to do so would result in disastrous consequences, not only to their families, but to the sector as well. He wondered why the venture was so important, and why visions never reveal everything.
His thoughts were interrupted when Deanna coughed to gain their attention, namely his. “There’s a simple solution to the problem that would leave nobody out and require only one trip.”
Everyone turned to look at Deanna expectantly.
“I will fly a second yacht. That way we should be able to pick up around twelve to twenty people, with a bit of a squeeze. Problem solved,” she said purposefully shrugging her shoulders and raising her hands palms facing upward.
Sorann glared at her questioningly.
“Don’t you look at me like that Taggash,” she said scowling. “If you think you’re good enough to fly a risky mission like this, then I’m sure I’m good enough to do so as well.”
After all the tight spots the two had managed to get themselves into, this mission would be fairly simple for them. There was no doubt in Sorann’s mind that she was an excellent pilot, and he felt he was becoming overprotective again so refrained from arguing the point. He also knew that once Deanna had made up her mind there was no stopping her, not without physical restraints of some sort, and that was not advisable. Even though their relationship was getting closer than ever before, he knew Deanna wouldn’t hesitate in striking out at him. She was still a very strong and forceful woman, with the will power to accompany it. Deanna was a woman not to trifle with.
Grogaan and Ellarna told the others about Mabraant, Breolis Seven and the rest of the planets and systems in the Fazaal Sector, and they briefly discussed mission requirements. There would, however, be ample time to discuss full details, and the dangers they may encounter once they were on their way to Breolis Seven. That way they could brief the other pilots at the same time.
Later that evening, Ellarna and Grogaan went for a walk outside. They then decided to ascend to the top of the main complex lookout tower to watch the sun set. Sitting quietly listening to the birds singing, they watched in silence as the sun sank toward the horizon and cast orange shadows across the planet. It was a beautiful sight, almost as beautiful as the sunsets of Mabraant, but instead of bringing happiness, it brought sorrow. They longed to be back on their home planet enjoying the sights and pleasures of places they knew well.
Grogaan was apprehensive about the forthcoming mission. He hoped they would be successful and not encounter too much trouble. Ellarna gazed at him in wonder sensing he was deep in thought, but he just smiled and then kissed her tenderly. She was intensely happy, and was unable to remember a time when she was more so. She doubted she would ever be more content than she was at this moment.
She was also concerned about the days ahead. Seeing Grogaan change for the better since the day they started courting was encouraging. He rarely suffered from his depression and irritable moods now, primarily thanks to two events: His involvement in defeating the Krelathans, and their burgeoning relationship.
Seeing how fast he developed in the art of magic enthralled her, making her advancement seem so slow. She knew her ability was not as advanced as his in the first place, but Grogaan still progressed at a pace that surprised even Sorann and the other Guardians.
Ellarna understood Sorann’s and Rosaline’s concerns about his succumbing to the influence of the dark realm, and as a result had herself become troubled. As she looked at him relaxing next to her she thought he looked so peaceful, but underneath the surface there was something troubling him. He had explained what it was, but Ellarna knew there was something else, something he was not willing or just reluctant to divulge at the moment. She was surprised that neither Sorann nor Deanna had noticed it, and wondered why she was able to.
The sun was turning a deeper orange, the temperature had dropped, and the two snuggled up together. Grogaan knew what was on his companion’s mind, and he knew he would have to tell her about the prophecy sooner or later. He decided he would do so on the trip to Mabraant if they managed to find some time alone together. Then he would need to tell Sorann.
He looked deep into her eyes and smiled. As their gaze locked, she knew he was aware of her thoughts, saw it in his expression. She also knew he would tell her anything she needed to know when the time was right and not before, but that did not prevent her from worrying what it might be. She also sensed his sorrow at not having revealed all to her, but they had enough to concern themselves over without his adding to it.
Ellarna smiled back, leant closer and kissed him. Neither of them needed to say or do anymore; they understood each other perfectly.





Chapter Ten

Piserron, Pison System, Beraston Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Although it was a bright sunny morning on Piserron, there was a pleasant chill in the air, and thick patches of mist shrouded much of the forests. It was the sort of morning Grogaan preferred. After a good hardy breakfast, the four Guardians prepared the two MC6 Yachts for the journey.
They were beautiful and sleek, a mix between a starfighter and a pleasure yacht, and were surprisingly manoeuvrable for their size. They had four retractable laser cannons and two disguised proton torpedo launchers, giving them the appearance of being unarmed. They had upgraded shield generators, were fitted with Fasardan Mark Seven Sensor Arrays, alpha-six navicomputers, and Alpha Class one point five LDU’s making them fast and deadly.
Both Sorann and Deanna were impressed. Sorann believed it would be able to withstand an attack extremely well, and Deanna had fallen in love with it as soon as she had seen it. Sorann agreed that she could use it as often as she wanted, providing he did not need it. Both knew there were going to be many arguments over it, and Sorann was tempted to ask Grogaan if there was any possibility of them obtaining another one, but decided against it, for now.
Grogaan had flown his own ship to Piserron, and Sorann had utilised the one Grogaan had given to him as a gift, even though it was against Academy standing orders. When he decided to allow this, Sorann had sensed it was the right thing to do, but he had not known why. Now everything was becoming clear. He smiled as he realised he was developing a more mature approach to life as a Guardian. He was following his instincts and prompting from the astral realm, instead of allowing his own thoughts and ideals to influence or guide his decisions.
As they left the planet, Deanna was very happy because Sorann was not going somewhere trying to solve other people’s problems or difficulties on his own. This time he was merely assisting others solve their problems. She was looking forward to spending time alone with him, something she rarely managed on most assignments they undertook.
There was going to be trouble, that much was evident, but this time Sorann was not in command. She also noticed how Sorann let Grogaan deal with the planning of the mission details, simply making suggestions when asked. They were both impressed with Grogaan’s tactical planning skills.
The journey to Shaqua was pleasant for all four travellers, both pairs enjoying some quality time on their own. Sorann and Deanna found their friendship developing to new heights, although they resisted any urge to get too close physically, at least for the time being. Grogaan and Ellarna talked a lot, and Grogaan found the opportunity to tell Ellarna about the prophecy.
Grogaan awoke at seven thirty Galactic Co-ordinated Time feeling calm and relaxed, his sleep having been restful, without dreams or visions. He looked at the chronometer and sighed. Breakfast was basic but enjoyable, and the two spoke little until after they had their cup of tea. They were sitting at the small table in the centre of the main cabin.
Putting her cup down, Ellarna smiled at her fiancé. She sensed that he was in a contemplative mood, which suggested he was about to talk of something that he felt was important in his life. She was waiting patiently for him to decide when the time was right to tell her, wondering if that time was now.
“Remember when I spoke of what was hidden in the darkness of my life.” Ellarna nodded. “Well, that was not all that was affecting me.” Leaning back in his chair, he put his elbows on the arms, laced his fingers together with his hands resting on his lap. “When Kopaz Squadron flew to Drolees on our first mission, we encountered three young men from Jestung.”
“I know of Jestung and Jestant,” said Ellarna. “The citizens are very private people, very religious, and have a long history of involvement with the Guardians.”
“They were pilots, had their own fighters, but were not on Drolees for combat. They were waiting for a sign as instructed by a wise religious friend, their Master. Jedrool, the leader, was a firm believer in their prophetic writings. He and his Master were waiting for one particular prophecy to come to pass, one that had been written two hundred and nine years ago. The brotherhood he was a member of was convinced the time for the revelation of the prophecy was drawing close if not already at hand.”
“Which brotherhood did he belong to?”
“The Brotherhood of the White Eagle, which was also known as the Brotherhood of the Teragon Knights, but they disappeared many millennia ago. Little is known about them or why they disappeared. Centuries after the disappearance of the Order, the Guardians arose to take their place.”
“So what has this got to do with you?”
“The fact that I knew of the Brotherhood and both names by which it was known, and I also knew of the prophecy he referred to before he told us.”
Ellarna was surprised. “How do you know of all of this?”
“My father told me when I was very young.” Grogaan then recited the prophecy to her:

From beyond the stars will come a warrior,
One from within yet from without.
He comes with few and with many,
He stands alone, yet stands with others:
The bringer of death and of life!
He is of the light and of the dark,
Against the dark he comes with dark and with light.
He is strong and yet he is weak,
With him comes victory and defeat.
The light will diminish and darkness shall prevail,
Then darkness will be consumed by light.
With revelation the Storm Conjurer awakes,
And comes with devastation in his wake,
To destroy the dark and awaken the light.
Peace once again will flow within and without,
And peace will be for all to know.

He explained how Jedrool was convinced he was the one spoken of in the prophecy, told her he did not know how he knew, but he was convinced his destiny was intertwined with the prophecy. “I’m not sure to what extent I will be involved, but I do know this; events are transpiring faster than I expected. All of the dreams I’ve had are visions of the future and linked to this prophecy.”
Ellarna was more troubled than ever. She understood what Grogaan was telling her, understood that he was right in his beliefs. She also knew the future was fraught with dangers and uncertainty, and theirs were intricately intertwined, but she had no inkling of what her involvement was going to be.
“It sounds as if the prophecy speaks of one person, one who is the storm conjurer, whatever that is.” Ellarna had a strange inkling that her fiancé was the one prophesied about, the one who would become that person. A sudden cold feeling shot up her spine and a deep-rooted dread engulfed her spirit. She feared for his life, the future of their relationship, and that of his friends.
Grogaan felt Ellarna’s fear as it filled her spirit and believed he knew exactly why it had appeared. “Don’t be troubled Ellarna. The future will not necessarily unfold in the way the prophecy indicates. Every action we take can alter it.” Despite what he said, Grogaan believed that everything he did was under the influence of destiny, and everything would unfold exactly as foretold regardless of what he did.
“Regardless of what you feel or think, I’ll stand beside you every step of the way, through every danger until we can return to live on our homeworld.”
Grogaan smiled. “We will one day, I promise. Then we’ll be together, always.”

About thirty-six hours after leaving Piserron, the two ships decelerated out of lightspeed for the final approach to Shaqua. As they neared the planet, Grogaan made contact with Collatin who gave them clearance, not that they really needed it. It was more of a formality between friends and for the benefit of Sorann. As soon as they entered the system, he sent a prearranged code known to him and Collatin alone. From that moment on he would be expected.
Sorann followed Grogaan toward the clearing and was puzzled. He had heard the conversation between Grogaan and a man named Collatin, but there was nothing showing on the sensor system, no indication of any bases or technology anywhere. Then the side of the mountain started moving and revealed a hidden hangar. It was similar to the one he knew on Perisonda. This one, however, would never be found by sight alone. He was surprised and impressed.
There was a small group of people waiting to greet their guests, three men and a young woman. Francine was anxious to see Grogaan again after the last short visit just over four months ago. She waited impatiently beside her father hoping he was alone. She sighed with great disappointment when he appeared at the ship’s door beside a beautiful woman. Her spirit and joyous mood took a nose dive accompanied by jealousy and sadness.
Ellarna glanced discreetly at the young woman sensing her jealous feelings, and found the situation rather amusing, something she would discuss with her fiancé later. The young woman definitely felt something for Grogaan, but she was sure they could only have met a few times at the most. She knew her fiancé was special, but for two other women to have such feelings for him made her feel extremely fortunate and content. For some reason, she found it quite satisfying and did not feel at all threatened or jealous.
Grogaan introduced his fiancée, and then introduced Sorann and Deanna, although Collatin already knew who they were. Collatin expressed how honoured he was to have the famous Guardians of the Republic at his home, and then showed his friends and guests to the lounge area.
“So my good friend, what brings you all this way, right out in the middle of nowhere with such important leaders of the Republic?” asked Collatin.
“A small errand we’re on,” replied Grogaan unconvincingly.
Collatin looked at Grogaan suspiciously through narrowed eyes. “You, a small errand, I don’t think so,” he said mockingly.
Grogaan laughed. He then briefly explained what they were up to, and that the others would be arriving in a day or two.
Francine’s ears pricked up and her eyes widened in anticipation at the thought that Zaack was on his way. It was something for her to look forward to, and her mood lightened considerably. When she caught Grogaan cast his gaze toward her, she smiled. He returned the smile and winked cheekily.
Grogaan knew how much Francine admired him and sensed how disappointed she had been when she learnt he was courting again. He also knew Zaack had feelings for her, and that they were reciprocated, although she had not yet had chance to act on them. He was convinced Zaack was serious and believed that a lasting relationship was about to blossom. He regretted not having encouraged Zaack to visit Shaqua while he was away, and now their time on the planet was going to be very brief. An idea came to mind, one he would put to them depending on what happened when they were reunited.

The Miranda’s Pride arrived on Shaqua in the late afternoon of the following day, adding to the excitement already existing among those at the base. Francine was first to greet the young pilots who descended from the transport, and was unable to hide her joy at seeing Zaack again. When he saw how happy she looked, he was delighted. She threw her arms around him and kissed him. Zaack put his arm around her and they walked to the rest room together, oblivious of everyone else.
Grogaan was smiling, and pleased that Zaack and Francine felt the same way about each other. Ellarna noticed and wondered why he was so happy at seeing them strolling arm in arm. He quickly explained what happened on their last visit, and both agreed that the two were well suited. They also knew that Francine’s infatuation with Grogaan was at an end. There was only one other person they needed to see attached: Joeen. Being away on Piserron, neither of them had seen or sensed the growing attraction between Joeen and Doraant, or that between Lusiana and Eldaan, but they were sure to over the next few weeks.
Grogaan allowed the new arrivals to have a short break, talk with Collatin and his people, and relax a little before rearranging the ships loaded on the transport. While they were reloading, Francine waited nearby, trying to talk with Zaack at every opportunity and getting in the way on more than one occasion. As a result, she was almost struck by the tail-fin of a starfighter. It was only Grogaan’s heightened senses that saved her from being badly injured. She moved away from the immediate area feeling embarrassed, and could not stop apologising for getting in the way.
A little later, Ellarna noticed the young woman’s expression, sensed she was feeling quite downhearted, and why. When she managed to catch Grogaan alone, she asked him about letting Francine accompany them. Grogaan laughed and then explained that he had already decided to do just that, but had not yet had the opportunity to do so.
When Ellarna spoke with Zaack, the young man was overjoyed and rushed to tell Francine. They went to see her father, who was only too pleased to indulge her wish, knowing it was time for his daughter to do what she wanted.
When everything was ready, the group left without further delay. The transport ship could cater for twenty-six personnel, comprising the standard crew of four, twelve pilots and a support team of ten. Grogaan was pleased he had improved the ship’s lounge area, making it more comfortable for civilian passengers, although it would become rather cramped with the number of people they would be bringing home with them. That was of course, if everything went according to plan.
Now everyone was together and they were heading for Breolis Seven, Grogaan called them to a meeting and explained what the mission was all about. All members of Kopaz Squadron thought it was a great idea and were ecstatic. Parrin was lost for words, and so was Solarn.
The flight seemed to pass more quickly having the extra passengers along for the ride, and was made even more pleasurable having five women on board. Joeen continued to build the close relationship that had developed between her and Doraant; Lusiana’s relationship with Eldaan was strengthening, and Zaack and Francine were almost inseparable. Joeen was particularly pleased to have more female company, as was Francine, and all five women became good friends.
Reverting back to sub-lightspeed at the edge of the Breolis system, the transport continued toward Breolis Seven with great caution. To their relief, there were no Imperial ships in the area, and no garrisons had been erected on the planet. Fate and fortune were on their side at the moment. The omens were good, and confidence remained high.
They arrived at the base as dawn was breaking, Grogaan having timed the journey perfectly. Allowing time for post travel relaxation, mission preparation, and the two hour flight to Mabraant, Grogaan estimated they would arrive at the Potrodand Mountains by about 10am Mabraant time.
They all knew it was going to be dangerous, but agreed it was worth the risk. If they succeeded it would cause quite a stir among the Imperials, and possibly raise hope among the people of Mabraant. Nerves increased, as did the excitement, so Grogaan held off no longer. It was time to put man, machine, and fate to the test.
With pre-flight checks complete, ten starfighters and two yachts flew out leaving the transport and the base in the care of Gerast, Francine and Ellarna.  Watching the ships depart, the three hoped all would be well, but remained concerned. At least they had each other to keep company and talk to. Even Gerast was proving to be a pleasant companion.

At the new Imperial Centre based in Brenoria, the principle city of Breolis Primar, Empress Treyanna Hefrask and Supreme Chancellor Pakrowask were discussing matters relating to the future expansion of the Empire. Their primary concern was the direction in which their conquest should continue, and how to consolidate the hold on the systems they already ruled. They were deep in discussion when both felt a disturbance in the astral realm; one adept in magic had appeared in the sector. Treyanna sensed it was a male, and that he was heading for Mabraant.
“Pakrowask, return to the Stalker and set course for Mabraant immediately.”
“Yes Mistress,” he replied. The Supreme Chancellor bowed his head and left. Treyanna went to her sleeping chamber to meditate, hoping to discover who had caused the disturbance. Her failure to glean any further information caused her great concern.
She wondered if it was a Guardian, and if so, why had he appeared at this particular time, but more importantly, what impact this individual might have on her conquests? For the first time since setting out on their conquest of the Gaashox Quadrant, Treyanna felt some trepidation about the future.





Chapter Eleven

Mabra, Mabraant System, Fazaal Sector, Gaashox Quadrant

Nerves and tension rose even higher as Kopaz Squadron decelerated to sub-lightspeed on the edge of the Mabra system. The sensors detected no Imperial starships in the vicinity, much to the delight and surprise of the pilots. A wave of relief flooded over them and they headed on a direct course to Mabraant, flying hard and fast, taking their ships to their limits.
Their good fortune appeared to have run out; Imperial starfighters appeared on the sensors. Fortunately, they were at maximum sensor range. Grogaan believed they had sufficient time to reach their destination before they were close enough to cause trouble. Breaking through the atmosphere they headed at full throttle to the Potrodand Mountains. Flying as low as possible, they used a couple of the canyons to hide their flight path, and eventually reached their destination and rendezvous point: Lake Mabreese.
They landed in the clearing Grogaan often used, and the fighters manoeuvred among the trees. There was a burst of activity as they climbed out and covered their ships with sensor and camouflage nets, and then slipped under the nets themselves. A squadron of Imperial starfighters flew overhead several minutes later. Fortunately, the Imperials continued flying northward on the course they themselves had been on moments before landing. There was a collective sigh of relief when the enemy ships disappeared into the distance, but they remained hidden for a while longer to ensure they did not return.
Sorann looked at Deanna curiously. “Do you feel different?”
“Yes. It’s as if my magic is diminished. What could be causing it?”
“I believe it’s that phenomenon Grogaan told us about, hindering the power of the Guardian. It will make it considerably harder to maintain the cloak.”
“If the three of us fly as close as possible, we may be able to add to your abilities thus strengthening the cloak,” suggested Deanna.
“It should work. Well, we had better be on our way then.”
Sorann, Deanna and Grogaan took off for the actual rescue flight. They utilised the deep canyons hoping to avoid detection. It was not easy for the other nine pilots of Kopaz Squadron to remain where they were, but it was necessary for the success of the operation. They would only break cover if called to do so by Grogaan, Sorann or Deanna, and only on provision of the prearranged codeword.

The three pilots flew as low and as close as possible through the canyons, and then across the plains to the first pick up point: Grogaan’s home. Deanna was right. Sorann’s reduced ability to cloak the ships was enhanced by having her and Grogaan flying as close as possible.
The three pilots kept a continuous and careful watch for Imperial ships, and then landed close to Grogaan’s home. Sorann strained to maintain the cloak while Grogaan went inside to find his mother. He knew she was home, having sensed her presence just before they arrived.
Sensing no dangers lurking within, Grogaan entered the house through the back door and found his mother in the lounge. She was sitting on the sofa staring out of the side window. She had a mournful and vacant expression etched into her features. Kareana remained motionless, did not blink nor glance at him as he entered the room. It was as if nobody had entered. He knew why.
To avoid startling her he called to her gently.
She slowly turned her head, her expression remaining unchanged. “Oh no, not another hallucination!” she muttered softly as she rubbed her eyes before looking downward. Kareana believed the image she saw was merely an apparition within her mind. She started crying again.
Grogaan felt the tremendous grief his mother was bearing. He knelt at her feet. There was such a deep sense of loss within her soul for her family that was no longer alive, for her husband Ruebern, her eldest son Ben, and now Grogaan, her youngest and most reckless. He was the one she thought would fulfil the destiny her husband believed in.
“Mother, it’s me, Grogaan, your son,” he said taking hold of her hand. He felt wretched for having left her, for leaving her to believe he had been killed in action, but what could he have done to let her know the truth? There had been no way of contacting her before he escaped the battle. He considered what pain his mother must have suffered, was suffering. It cut him to the core of his spirit.
She looked at the hand that had taken hold of hers and felt the warmth emanating from it. She felt his other hand touch the side of her face. It was warm also. “I really must be losing my mind,” she said matter-of-factly, unable to stop the tears, unable to believe the image could possibly be real.
Losing her husband and eldest son in such a short time many years ago affected her badly, but losing her only remaining son at the battle of Mabraant hit her so much harder. It had almost sent her over the edge of sanity, causing her to suffer a breakdown. Since that dreadful day, she had only left the house if and when accompanied by her few close friends. Most days she just sat crying or trying to remember the happy days before the Krelathans came, slowly losing the will to continue on alone.
Sorann and Deanna tried to remain calm and patient. They had no doubts that the Imperial Command had been alerted to the presence of starships from outside the system, and would be sending more ships to investigate very soon. Deanna reached out with her power to try and prompt Grogaan into hurrying up. She succeeded.
Grogaan sensed that his mother was suffering from acute depression and on the verge of a complete mental breakdown. He was not surprised, and knew this encounter could push her into it if he did not act hastily. Drawing on his magic and letting it flow freely through him, he placed both hands on the side of her face. As he did he felt Deanna’s prompting and acknowledged it.
Channelling his magic through his hands and into his mother, Grogaan drew her pain and grief into his own body. Grogaan felt it flowing into him, intense and unbridled, travelling along his arms and into his torso. His pulse quickened and he felt his heart throb as it pumped the blood vigorously through his veins. His body shook and then he shivered as the pain lessened. It had worked. He then touched her mind gently with his thoughts.
Kareana’s eyes started to brighten, and a fresh recognition of whom and what she was filled her mind. Then the pain and grief of her loss hit her afresh with such force, the tears flowed uncontrollably. She became aware of a young man kneeling in front of her, one who emitted an aura of great power and authority.
Kareana looked down at the young man and recognised him. It was as if a mask had been removed. Throwing her arms around her son, her crying went from that of grief to that of extreme joy. She was unable to speak due the overwhelming flood of emotions. Her actions alone spoke more than words could have done. That was enough for Grogaan, but time was too short for long emotional reunions.
“Come mother, we must leave. Time is short and there’s much to do.”
Kareana looked at her son. “Go where my son?” she asked croakily. “You’ve just returned to me. How can we leave so soon and why?”
He stood without letting go of her hand. “We must mother. It’s not safe here anymore. I can take you somewhere better until the Empire is defeated.”
Accepting her son’s argument, she stood up and gathered some sentimental and valuable belongings. While she was busy, Grogaan made some calls over the comm system to the families of his squadron pilots. All of them were understanding and eager to join the escape once they heard their children were alive and well. Even though they may have been suspicious, they agreed to be ready and waiting.
Quickly climbing aboard the ship piloted by Deanna, Kareana strapped in and then the three ships blasted off to the next pick up co-ordinates. Once Deanna’s ship was full, she left Sorann and Grogaan and returned to the rendezvous point.
Sorann was surprised to find the cloak easier to maintain with Grogaan’s assistance. It confirmed Grogaan was far more powerful than Deanna, and would become even more so in time. It did not take much longer for them to collect the rest of the family members, and then Sorann was ready to return to the rendezvous point.
“Alright Sorann, you meet up with the others and I’ll be along shortly.”
“What! Where do you think you’re going now?” demanded Sorann.
“There’s something I have to do. It shouldn’t take long. If I don’t turn up in half an hour, make your way to Breolis Seven without me. No protests Sorann. I have to do this and must do it alone.”
“I don’t know. Imperials will be swarming everywhere soon.”
Grogaan told Sorann it had to be done; he had to take the chance. He had no choice and neither did Sorann. Even though he objected, Sorann veered off without another word.
Returning to his home, Grogaan parked the interceptor in his garage, covered the ship in the anti-sensor net and then locked the garage. Ensuring his powersword was secure on his utility belt he slipped on his hooded cloak to hide his flight suit, and then headed for Mabraant Engineering. He ran quickly using his magic to enhance his strength and mask his features from anyone he might pass. He covered the distance to his old works in five minutes and had not even broken out in a sweat.

Jaxarran, the new Imperial Governor of the Mabra and Breolis Systems, was meditating in his office. The month he had been on Mabraant had been very peaceful and relaxing, and was the perfect opportunity to improve his technique. He opened his eyes when disturbed from his meditation, having felt a strong disturbance in the astral realm. He frowned whilst pondering its meaning. It was definitely different to those he had felt when the Empress or other sorcerers of the Empire were nearby. There was an essence of goodness, peace, and inner calm about the presence, which sent a warning shiver through his body, an omen that trouble was on the way. As he tried to assess the general direction the disturbance was emanating from, he was contacted by a very concerned officer.
“I apologise for disturbing you Governor, but we detected twelve ships on our sensors that refused to answer our communications.”
“What concern is that to me Commander? You’re in control of the situation I hope.”
The commander’s expression changed to one of guilt. “We lost them Governor. They vanished from the sensors somewhere toward the north.”
“Then I suggest you send out search patrols and find them. They can’t hide forever.” The Governor switched off the comm channel before the commander could reply. ‘Damn incompetent fool. He’ll have to be replaced if he doesn’t get his act together,’ he thought. He decided to contact Supreme Chancellor Pakrowask on board the Stalker, unaware that the ship was already on its way to Mabraant. Fortunately for Jaxarran, Pakrowask was interested in any activity that involved the use of magic, especially by those who were unknown to be adept in magic. He would therefore not be angered by his communication.

Deep in the canyons of the Potrodand Mountains, one large cave was hidden from view by sensor and camouflage nets. Inside the cave were three Jestungan pilots, waiting patiently for a sign that would indicate it was time for them to move on. Jedrool spent a couple of hours every day meditating, both morning and evening, hoping he would receive some indication about their future.
They had been in the cave for about four months and the younger two men, Hosrak and Wrenkle, were becoming fraught with concern. Their patience was beginning to ebb. Jedrool understood how they were feeling, and did not rebuke them when they questioned him or their purpose. He had considerable patience, but even he was beginning to wonder about their future. This had been the longest period they had endured without a single prompting or sign of what to do or where to go.
Jedrool was almost at the point of making a decision when he heard a fighter squadron flying through the canyon, the first in three months. He knew they were Zilon interceptors by the distinct sound, and wondered why after so many months the Imperials had started scouting the area again. He did not have to wonder for long. As soon as the ships had gone, he received the prompting they were so eagerly awaiting.
“Alright you two, it’s time to get ready,” he said excitedly.
The two others glared at him speechless.
“Well, don’t just sit there staring at me, get your ships ready. We need to be on standby right now.”
“Sure, but tell us what you know,” said Wrenkle.
“I only know that we’ll need to be leaving very soon, but we need to be ready. Something is happening right now, and any delay will have serious repercussions. Those Imperial ships were searching for someone, and I believe I know who: Squadron Leader Grogaan Learman.”
His two friends glared at him.
“That’s impossible Jedrool and you know it. There were no survivors in the battle of Mabraant, not one. Not a single fighter escaped the might of the Imperial Fleet,” said Hosrak.
“Where’s your faith in the prophecies of our people? We know the Empire lies, deceives and tricks the people of all worlds. Squadron Leader Learman survived the battle, as did his friends. Don’t ask me how I know, I just do.”
“We’ve trusted you all this time, so I guess we must trust you in this too. You know so much more than we do, sense so much more, and is the one who receives the promptings and understands the signs. It just seems so improbable that Kopaz Squadron could have survived,” said Wrenkle.
Jedrool was pleased his friends still trusted him, and for having endured four tediously long months. Now the waiting was over and the excitement began to rise. Shortly afterward, the three men were ready to go, their ships on standby, and the single sensor net hanging loosely at the cave entrance. All they were waiting for now was the prompting to set off, but none of them knew what that would be.

Stopping outside the rear entrance of Mabraant Engineering, the young Guardian opened his senses and focussed on those persons that might be within the building. There were too many people in the hangar workshop, so he quickly made his way around to the front entrance. To his dismay, he sensed Imperial troops and officers inside the main offices as well, which added to his dilemma. Grogaan sighed heavily. He had no choice, it had to be done. He crept in through the front entrance and sought out those he had come to find.
Good fortune was on his side. There was a single occupant in the office to his left, and was the first person he sought. He sensed the man was deeply upset, angry, and was filled with resentment toward the new Empire. ‘Good, he hasn’t been manipulated yet,’ he thought and pressed the door chime. Masking his presence, he waited for the man to open the door. When he saw Trindall standing there, sadness etched on his features, he let the mask drop to reveal himself.
Trindall recognised the young man, was shocked, but thrilled to see him still alive. “It can’t be!” he exclaimed, softly. “You’re supposed to be . . .”
“Dead? Not me chief. You should know it takes more than a mere space battle to kill me off. As you can see, I’m alive and well,” said Grogaan placing his hands on the chief engineer’s shoulders in welcome. “Time is short so I’ll have to explain all later. We must leave and quickly. Dave still has that yacht available at the back doesn’t he?”
The Chief nodded, his voice choked by relief. “I can’t tell you how pleased I am to see you again. Everyone believed you were dead along with the rest of the fleet. How many of you survived?” He paused. “Your mother?” he questioned anxiously.
“She’s fine and waiting at the rendezvous point along with the rest of the squadron, plus Parrin, Solarn, Marck and Arron.”
“Only ten survived? That’s bad news, but at least Kopaz Squadron is intact.”
“Where’s Dave?”
The chief’s expression became sullen. Grogaan understood. “I have to take him as well.”
“He’s been changed by the Empire. I thought you were the Imperials coming for me,” he said as he and Grogaan went cautiously to Dave’s office.
Grogaan entered and used his magic to mask his identity, making the General believe he was an Imperial Officer. Once he was standing next to him, he used his magic to hold him still and prevented him from calling out. He then reached out, placed his fingers on the side of the man’s face and focussed on the thoughts that had been artificially implanted into his mind.
A minute or so later he had removed the memories and almost collapsed to the ground from sheer exhaustion. Dave instantly recognised Grogaan and couldn’t believe his eyes. “Grogaan!” he exclaimed a little too loudly, then softened his voice. “How in the blazes can you be here? You’re supposed to be dead.” He quickly helped the Guardian to a chair.
After a brief explanation and having recovered enough to continue with the task in hand, Grogaan led Dave and Trindall to the General’s ship. He kept his senses trained on those gathered in the nearby offices, and wished he could take a few others with him, but there was no time.

Sorann flew fast and low back to the rendezvous point using his power to cloak his ship as best he could. A couple of Imperial shuttles appeared on the horizon, so he focussed hard and drew on every ounce of his magic to enhance the cloak. For a moment, one of the shuttles changed course and headed toward him, but then returned to its original heading. Sorann gave a big sigh of relief, realised just how hard he had been concentrating, and was surprised how physically drained he felt as a result of it.
As soon as he arrived, he had to explain to the others why Grogaan was not with him. Zaack was annoyed with his friend for insisting on such a dangerous course of action, not that he or anyone else would have been able to stop him.
The group waited anxiously for Grogaan’s return, and Zaack ordered all fighter pilots to have their ships ready for immediate take off. It would not be long before the Imperials sent a scout ship to the lake, probably having determined the rough location where their ships disappeared from the sensors.
He was beginning to fret; time was running out, and so were their chances of escaping.

Jedrool was sitting quietly in his ship waiting for the signal, unsure of what to expect. The sensor net covering the cave was gently flapping around in the breeze, held in place by two loose fixings at the top and weighted down by two rocks attached to the bottom. Two very small explosive charges would destroy the fixings and allow the net to fall away. They would then be able to leave the cave without stopping to remove the net by hand.
Jedrool was tempted to remove it and take a chance of their ships being picked up on Imperial sensors, but not knowing how long they would be waiting, decided against it. The charges were the quickest and safest option. Even so, it was an anxious time for the three.
As he was letting his mind relax, an image of a yacht appeared to him. It was leaving an industrial complex that had a storage yard at the back that contained some wrecked starfighters. Jedrool knew it was the sign he was waiting for. “Alright friends, it’s time to go,” he said setting off the charges. The net fell away and the three ships flew out and headed south toward the western side of Herloan City. Why, he did not know, but knew they would soon find out.

Nearing a corner in the corridor, Grogaan sensed six men approaching with serious intent. They were on their way to Trindall’s office to take him to the Imperial centre. Releasing his sword from his utility belt he prepared himself for the confrontation. Dave gasped in surprise when he saw Grogaan take hold of the weapon, wondering where he had obtained it. He grabbed Trindall by the arm and pulled him sharply into the nearby doorway.
Six Imperials appeared around the corner and came face to face with Grogaan: Four soldiers and two officers. The highest-ranking officer demanded to know who he was and why he was loitering in the corridor. Then, recognising the weapon he was holding was similar to those carried by the Imperial Governors, ordered the soldiers to restrain him.
Before the two in front were able to react, both had been disarmed and killed in the blink of an eye. The two at the rear rushed forward, drawing their weapons and tried to aim at Grogaan, but he moved too swiftly for them. The Guardian’s sword sliced through their bodies before they were able to open fire. A few seconds later, the two officers joined them.
Trindall stared in utter amazement, wondering what sort of weapon he was using, but more so at the swiftness of the attack. He had never seen anyone move so fast in combat before. Dave, however, knew only a trained Guardian could use a sword with such speed and accuracy. He remembered Grogaan’s father had been able to use magic, and realised that Grogaan possessed the same gift. It appeared that Grogaan had become a trained Guardian in the short time following the battle of Mabraant, but how that was possible eluded him.
Deactivating his sword, Grogaan beckoned his friends and they rushed down the corridors heading for the docking bay and Dave’s yacht. When they approached the main computer room, Trindall insisted on downloading some data. Grogaan reluctantly allowed him to do so. When the Chief finished, he asked whether Grogaan’s sword could destroy the computer. With a quick demonstration, he sliced through the computer causing the whole unit to explode. The three men then headed for the yacht, and were soon streaking through the sky back toward Grogaan’s home to retrieve his own ship.

It appeared as if Grogaan’s good fortune had finally run out. As he neared his home, he sensed Imperials in the area. Then four Zilon fighters appeared ahead of him. He operated a switch and two laser cannons extended out from the hidden bays underneath the ship. Relaxing his mind and thoughts, he drew on his magic in preparation for combat. As he focussed on the Imperial ships, three Manta Class starfighters appeared from the north and opened fire.
Grogaan had been so focussed on the incoming Imperial ships he did not sense the intent of the new arrivals. He watched as the MCFs altered course and engaged the Zilons without making contact. The Guardian then sensed their intent, but time was pressing so he focussed his attention on other matters.
Landing a few hundred metres from the house, Grogaan ordered Trindall to be ready for a hasty take off, unclipped his sword and raced to his home. Several of the soldiers outside the house were busy watching the short dogfight, allowing him to reach the house undetected. Using his magic to hide his presence, he crept past the two that were on guard nearest to the garage, and managed to enter through the side door.
Quickly folding and stowing the sensor net back into the small cargo bay of his interceptor, he climbed in, powered up the systems and opened a comm channel to Trindall. He told the Chief to take off and head toward the Potrodand Mountains at maximum throttle. He opened the garage door, engaged the thrusters to raise the ship off the ground, and retracted the undercarriage. Some of the soldiers heard the thrusters whine and tried to get into the garage through the side door, but Grogaan had locked it from inside.
As the main door opened, the soldiers heard the sound of the motors and ran around and waited, their laser rifles drawn at the ready. Grogaan saw their legs and charged the nose cannons. He did not bother waiting for the doors to finish lifting and simply blasted them away, killing the soldiers in the process. He then powered up the sublight engines, slammed the throttle to full and blasted from the garage before any more were able to react.
Once he caught up with the Chief Engineer, he led him to the lake. As he flew north, he wondered who were flying the MCFs that arrived with such perfect timing and destroyed the Imperial fighters. If he had seen the emblem on the rear fin he would have recognised it from his visit to Drolees, and known who they were. The emblem was a green eagle on a white background with a sword standing vertically behind the eagle, one of the several emblems used by the Brotherhood of the White Eagle.
Nearing the rendezvous point, Grogaan checked the sensors and picked up a large battle cruiser entering the system almost directly above them. He knew trouble would be awaiting them when they broke through the atmosphere, and wondered if the astral realm really was directing his destiny. When he arrived at the lake, he was not surprised to see his friends looking very relieved, but annoyed. When they questioned him over his fool-hardiness, he smiled, said it had to be done but there was no time to explain.
“We have to leave now,” he said. “We have company. A battle cruiser has just entered the system. Dave, you and Trindall must stay close to Sorann and Deanna. Sorann will download the astrogation data once we’re airborne and don’t delay in making the transition to lightspeed. Kopaz Squadron will engage any fighters deployed from the cruiser. We’ll meet back on Breolis Seven. Right, let’s get going,” he said firmly.
As they were heading for their ships, the three MCFs appeared at the lake.
The group waited anxiously and wondered who the new arrivals were. The pilots of Kopaz Squadron unclipped their blaster holsters in readiness, but Grogaan sensed no hostility in the three pilots. The three climbed out of their starfighters and then removed their helmets.
Grogaan walked up to greet them. “Jedrool, what a surprise this is. Thank you for your timely arrival back there.”
“Don’t mention it Squadron Leader Learman. The pleasure is ours,” said Jedrool.
“How did you know we were here?” asked Grogaan.
“We’ve been waiting for your return since you left the system. As soon as we intercepted the communication from the Imperial base that a group of unknown starfighters had arrived on the planet, we knew it could only be you. The astral realm reveals one’s destiny in a variety of ways, but you have to be willing to wait and listen for the right prompting before acting.”
“What you say is wise Jedrool. There is more to you than meets the eye. We’ll talk further of this another time, but we have other more pressing matters to deal with.”
Grogaan saw the question in the young man’s eyes. “Yes, you can join us, but you had better stay with the yachts.” He quickly explained about the differences in the LDU’s, but Jedrool had one surprise for Grogaan; their ships also had the alpha class one-point-five LDU’s. However, he agreed to escort the yachts, feeling their presence in any battle may not be of any real benefit.
“Alright, what are we waiting for? Let’s get out of here!”





Chapter Twelve

Mabraant System, Fazaal Sector, Gaashox Quadrant

“Captain, Sir, sensors have picked up a group of ships trying to leave the planet. They’re on a course that will bring them within four thousand kilometres,” said one of the sensor operators.
The Captain looked at the young officer. “Composition Lieutenant?”
He quickly rechecked the sensor readouts. “Three MC6 yachts, ten MCIs and three MCFs Sir.”
A lieutenant at the communications station turned to face the Captain. “Sir, we have a message from the base commander on Mabraant. He informs us that they suspect the fleeing ships are being flown by rebels and cannot be allowed to escape.”
“Deploy two squadrons of fighters immediately. Their orders are to engage and destroy the starfighters, but only disable the yachts. I want prisoners.”
Moments later, two squadrons of Zilon fighters were heading to intercept the fleeing ships. As they closed in, the first split into groups of four, and fanned out to engage from different sides.

The three yachts escorted by the Jestungans maintained their heading while Kopaz Squadron veered off to engage the enemy fighters.
“We have to hold them off for at least two minutes to give the yachts time to accelerate to lightspeed. Let’s go have some fun and show these Imperials how to fight!” said Grogaan.
There were a few howls of delight as the ten ships of Kopaz Squadron formed a tight arrow formation ready for the engagement. Grogaan and Zaack flew at the head, Joeen and Lusiana above, Doraant and Eldaan below, Parrin and Solarn to the left, Marck and Arron to the right.
Grogaan gave the order to open fire as soon as they were in range. Ten ships opened up with every laser firing on continuous cycle. The four Imperial ships heading directly toward them stood little chance of avoiding the onslaught and were destroyed. Grogaan gave another order and Kopaz Squadron broke off into their pairs. They then zeroed in on the other enemy ships taking them out one by one in rapid succession.
Moments after the first four Zilons had been destroyed, the surprised captain of the cruiser ordered the deployment of another two squadrons of fighters. He watched aghast as one by one his fighters were destroyed at a rate that was incomprehensible, and with no losses to the enemy. He ordered another two squadrons be prepared for deployment.
“Heads up guys, more enemy ships inbound,” said Grogaan. He remained unconcerned and was actually enjoying himself. He had ten fighters and knew they would be able to cope with odds of least three to one. For a moment, he even dared consider attacking the cruiser, but knew he would not be left alone long enough, once they knew what he was planning.
Grogaan had intended destroying only two squadrons of Imperials fighters and then leaving, but the two additional ones deployed were too close to do so safely. “I wonder,” he said quietly. “Kopaz Squadron, secure channel gamma four.” He gave the squadron a few moments to select the channel and then ordered them to draw the fighters to the rear of the cruiser.
“Won’t that take us into firing line of their turbo lasers?” asked Eldaan.
“I doubt they’ll waste time firing on us unless they don’t care about their own ships. Besides, we’ll try and keep our distance.”
“Do we have time for this?” asked Parrin.
“We do,” said Zaack. “Nice idea Kay-One, I know exactly what you plan to do. I’m with you on this. Let’s do it.”
Just before the second two squadrons engaged, Kopaz Squadron accelerated and flew in an arc that would take them to the rear of the cruiser, followed by the Zilons that were hot on their tails. Grogaan and Zaack broke off, looped over and took out a couple of Zilons that effectively split the two squadrons up, giving them more time. Once there, all fighters broke off into their pairs. Grogaan accelerated away for a few seconds, banked around and headed directly for the rear of the cruiser as if he was attempting to evade the Zilons that were chasing him. Zaack kept on his tail helping to fool the Imperials.
As Grogaan targeted the shield generators, he saw the three yachts and the Jestungan’s MCFs disappear from the sensors as they made the transition to lightspeed. “Okay Kopaz Squadron, prepare to disengage. Kay-Seven to Ten first. No arguments from anyone.” The lock tone sounded and Grogaan fired two salvos of two proton torpedoes two seconds apart.
His ship was hit several times by laser fire from the chasing Zilons, but they failed to deplete his shielding or cause any damage. Following on his starboard wing, Zaack targeted the engines, and when locked, also fired two salvos of two torpedoes. Both fighters veered off just as Grogaan’s torpedoes destroyed the shield generators. Moments later, Zaack’s torpdoes hit and caused extensive damage to both main engines.
Everyone howled in delight.
Kopaz Squadron, it’s time to leave,” ordered Grogaan. “Kay-Three to Six, remain in pairs and cover the rest. Engage the Imperials until the others have got away.”
“That’ll sure give them something to talk about for a while,” said Zaack.
“Now they’ll be angry and send everything they’ve got,” said Solarn.
“Well Kay-Eight, you’d better get going then, hadn’t you?” said Zaack.
Two more Imperial squadrons were deployed and were racing toward them at full throttle. It was a one-sided fight, and the only way the Imperials could alter that was by opening fire with their turbo lasers or deploying four or more squadrons at the same time. They did neither.
Kopaz One focussed his thoughts on the Imperial Squadron Leader and allowed his magic to direct his hands on the control column. Picking him out, he accelerated and went in for the kill. Moments later, Grogaan opened fire and the Zilon was destroyed.
Kopaz Seven to Ten made their break and were soon accelerating to lightspeed. That left the six primary pilots of Kopaz Squadron, the elite, who were having a great time. Their upgraded shields were protecting them from the lower powered Zilon lasers, and their powerful lasers ripped through the enemy ships with ease. They were also now out of range of the cruiser’s turbo lasers.
Fredrisson, the Captain of the Stalker, watched aghast at how quickly his fighter squadrons were being destroyed. He watched with anticipation as the fifth and sixth approached the battle. His dismay and anger were made worse by the fact that the enemy were incurring no losses.
The Stalker had been attacked and disabled by two small starfighters, something the Captain had thought to be an impossible feat, and one that made him angry and yet he admired them for their tenacity and skill. His anger intensified when he saw four of the enemy ships accelerate to lightspeed. He continued watching, wondered why the other six remained, and smiled at the prospect of a serious fight about to take place. There were another twenty-four Zilon Interceptors heading to join the battle giving odds of at least five to one. They were odds he thought nobody could survive against.
After the battle of Mabraant, Empress Treyanna ordered all new Zilon Interceptors to be built with more powerful shield generators, and the current stock upgraded. However, the improved shielding did not prevent Kopaz Squadron from destroying the interceptors almost as easily as they had destroyed the standard fighters.
When Grogaan saw Kopaz Seven to Ten disappear from the sensors, he knew it was time for the rest to leave. With the first four Imperial squadrons almost destroyed, but two more having been deployed, he decided to delay that decision. He wanted to destroy as many enemy starfighters as he could before leaving the system; it just seemed to be the right thing to do.
The latest two squadrons consisted of the new Zilon Interceptors and closed in very quickly, but neither Grogaan nor his friends were concerned. Grogaan was managing to remain calm and relaxed without a trace of anger rising. He smiled, pleased with the control he now had over his emotions.
Even though he knew staying to engage the two fresh Imperial squadrons would make no difference to their overall numbers, Grogaan wanted to show the Imperial commanders that there were starfighters who could and would resist them. He also wanted to show that Kopaz Squadron was able to destroy a large number of the enemy without losing any of their own ships, a feat that would give them some notoriety among the Imperials.
“Kay-One, I think it’s time we broke off,” said Kay-Two. “The odds are getting too high now the others have broken away.”
“Five to one is a bit high even for us Kay-Six, but we need to reduce the numbers before we break off. I don’t want too many enemy fighters shooting at us from behind as we prepare for lightspeed,” said Grogaan, quickly thinking about the best option. He told them to set the coordinates and draw the fight as far away from the cruiser as possible. He wanted to put some distance between them and the cruiser.
Grogaan relaxed his mind, focussed his magic on those around and sensed a group of four Zilon Interceptors forming up on Joeen’s tail. He told Kay-Five to break right on his mark and when she did, he banked his fighter left, bringing the four Zilon’s across his flight path. Opening fire with all eight lasers cannons, he took out two in the first two volleys and damaged a third, which he promptly followed as it tried to breakaway; it lasted only ten seconds.
The Imperial interceptors were still being destroyed too quickly, much to the annoyance of Captain Fredrisson. He immediately ordered the deployment of a seventh squadron of Zilon Interceptors commanded by the Megrein sorcerer Pakrowask, the best starfighter pilot of the fleet.
Grogaan felt a disturbance in the astral realm the moment the squadron was deployed. He knew someone adept in magic was heading their way, but there was something different about whoever it was. Then as the pilot approached he sensed what was different; he was using the power of the dark realm. It was a Megrein sorcerer. A feeling of concern for his friends washed over him. He knew a dark sorcerer would not hesitate in using his evil magic to manipulate other pilots into a position where they could be easily destroyed. Grogaan vowed he would not let that happen to his friends.
“Heads up guys,” said Eldaan. “More enemy inbound.”
They had reduced the enemy squadrons to eight ships and were considering making the transition to lightspeed when Kopaz Four informed them of the inbound ships. There was not enough time to break away without risking an onslaught from the fresh Zilon Interceptors coming in from behind. Grogaan had already vectored around and was flying head on toward them, lasers blasting continuously. Zaack joined him.
Grogaan decided this would be the last squadron he wanted to eliminate. To remain any longer would be tempting fate too far, and even he knew his luck could only last so long. With almost six squadrons destroyed, they had achieved more than they could ever have dreamed of: Destroying seventy-two ships without losing a single ship themselves. They were impossible chances under normal circumstances, but fate seemed to be playing directly into their hands. Grogaan felt it was as if the enemy fighters were the least experienced and incapable fighters in the entire Imperial fleet.
He was correct in his assumption. The Stalker, one of the newly built Hendara battle cruisers, consisted mostly of new recruits. Less than a quarter of the fighter squadrons contained experienced combat pilots.
Grogaan continued to let his magic guide his actions. Every movement of the ships caused ripples in the fabric of space that he saw quite clearly. It gave him a distinct advantage which he utilised to the full, and he did not feel guilty about doing so. One by one he and his friends destroyed the enemy starfighters, and the Imperials were again down to four.
The Megrein sorcerer sensed the presence of the one who was adept in magic and smiled. ‘So, at last I can finally pit myself against a Guardian. This should be interesting. Maybe I’ll have that challenge I’ve been waiting for after all.’
Pakrowask had chosen to remain on board the cruiser Stalker and accepted the position of Supreme Chancellor, whereas his brothers assumed the roles of Imperial Governors over Krelath and Mathea. Although all of those in such positions answered directly to the Empress, the Supreme Chancellor had the power and authority to intervene and command anyone, if and when necessary.
His personal interest had been in combat, preferably with sword or starfighter. He relished a challenge, especially when confronted with an equal in skill, which was something he had not had the chance to indulge in since leaving Krelath.
He picked out a ship and headed in for the kill. As he closed in, he noticed the green emblem on the tail fin and thought of the command they had received from the Empress about such insignia. He decided to ignore it. The Imperial assumed the Guardian was the squadron leader, and the one who had caused grievous losses to their fighter force during the battle of Mabraant. He would leave him until last.
“Watch out Kay-Five, you’ve got one on your tail,” warned Doraant.
“I know, but I can’t shake him. He’s too good for me,” replied Joeen, her wavering voice filled with panic. The intense concentration and physical stress of combat was finally beginning to tire her.
Grogaan picked up Joeen’s position on his sensor screen, and ignoring the Imperials who tried to intercept, thrust his throttle full forward and raced toward her. Taking a few well-aimed shots, he managed to force the sorcerer from targeting Joeen. ‘If I can just keep him busy, the others can take care of the rest,’ he whispered.
Eldaan called for assistance, and Doraant responded. Eldaan veered to port when told, bringing the Zilon fighter directly into Doraant’s sights just as he swept in from the starboard. A few shots forced the Zilon pilot to veer away from his target, releasing Eldaan to engage another. Doraant lined up his sights again, eased the trigger and fired. Another Imperial fighter exploded in a spectacular fireball.
There were now only two Zilons left. Grogaan ordered the others to destroy the one and then make the transition to lightspeed while he finished off the one flown by the sorcerer. His friends objected vehemently at his request, but Grogaan insisted. They had to go before more enemy starfighters were deployed. He sensed a warning that to remain any longer would jeopardise everything.
He also knew he and his friends had made the impact he believed was part of the mission. Now it was time to go, but this last fight was his and his alone. He knew it had to be, and he did not want to risk the lives of his colleagues any longer than he had to.
Pakrowask and Grogaan, the latter a novice Guardian but with exceptional abilities, the former a fully trained Megrein sorcerer, engaged in a spectacular dogfight. It was one that impressed the other pilots and those watching from the stricken cruiser. They desperately wanted to remain and watch their leader in action, but knew they had to follow orders.
Up to that point in time, Grogaan had managed to remain calm and in full control of his emotions. This engagement was the first time he had managed to do so since first becoming a fighter pilot.
As he fought the sorcerer he felt the overwhelming power of the dark realm tempting him, the subtle prompting in his mind calling out to him, beckoning him, seducing him. He felt the temptation pulling him more and more. It was almost pleading with him to allow his anger to rule his actions, to fuel his ability by using dark magic as he had done so much in the past.
His concentration began to waver as its influence continued to affect him. Beads of sweat appeared on his brow and slowly trickled down over his eyes, blurring his vision.
Grogaan recalled the visions he had had so many times believing them to be mere dreams, ones that had disturbed him for a long time. After pondering them for a moment, he knew there was much more for him to achieve; his destiny was not yet fulfilled. At that precise moment he knew without doubt he would survive this engagement, provided of course he regained control of his emotions. The first vision had not yet come to pass, but it would do so very soon. Somehow, he just knew it would, but when?
His ship rocked under the onslaught of his opponent’s ferocious attack, shocking him from his distraction. Grogaan took a deep breath, focussed his mind, and drew on the full power of his magic. Letting it flow through every fibre of his body helped him relax and regain his wavering concentration, and he felt his ability to draw on his magic return but it remained restricted. Grogaan still felt the overwhelming temptation from the dark realm and consciously resisted it, but he was concerned that his mental strength was not strong enough to maintain the resistance for long.
Grogaan had been completely unprepared for the sheer intensity of the power and seduction from the dark realm. He found the mental fight against its power more difficult and mentally draining than anything he had previously experienced. He continued to breathe deeply and fought to keep his mind and thoughts clear, consciously resisting the enticing powers. Despite his poor concentration and inner turmoil, Grogaan’s piloting skills coupled with his magic was proving he was a worthy and deadly opponent.
Pakrowask, who was amazed by his adversary’s magical power, wondered if he was stronger and more adept than his Empress. Never had he felt such a powerful disturbance before, not even in the presence of those sorcerers he knew. It took every ounce of his strength and concentration to maintain his focus on the fight. He had truly met his match, an equal in combat and more than equal in magic. The sorcerer revelled in the fight, finding it to be the greatest challenge he had ever experienced. He was, however, losing confidence in his ability to maintain the level of concentration the engagement demanded.
After several more minutes of combat, Grogaan managed to gain enough relief from his troubles to glance at his sensor screen to check on the others. He was relieved to see they were heading away from the area and about to accelerate to lightspeed. In moments they would leave the two combatants alone in the shadow of the cruiser, a massive ship looming nearby like a bird of prey waiting to strike. Fortunately, this bird was not going very far.
With another conscious effort, Grogaan finally broke the hold of the dark realm that threatened to engulf him. With that victory gained he felt the full power of the astral realm flowing at his command. It rejuvenated him both mentally and physically to a level he had not previously experienced. Returning his thoughts to the engagement with the Imperial pilot, he began to assess the situation. As he did so, he noticed another squadron of fighters heading in their direction.
He knew he was about to face the ultimate test of his abilities, both flying and magical if he was to survive against thirteen enemy fighters. Regardless of the odds, he remained confident that he would endure the confrontation. Grogaan’s conviction began wavering dramatically when his sensors detected another squadron of fighters heading his way.
Maybe this was how it would end. Thirteen to one were odds he might just survive against if he wasn’t tiring, but not against twenty-five. Even with his phenomenal skills and strength of magical power, there was little chance of survival against those odds. Knowing that his companions would abort in order to come to his aid, Grogaan opened the comm channel and ordered his friends to make the transition immediately. If it was the time for his life to end, he would go alone. He was leaving his life in the hands of fate.
There was no reply to his command.
Grogaan sighed in relief. They had already started the acceleration to lightspeed. A few seconds later they disappeared from sight and sensor. Grogaan exhaled forcefully, knowing that he was tiring too quickly to survive the coming storm. He knew he could break off and escape relatively easily, but it seemed the wrong thing to do. He had to end this fight with the Megrein sorcerer one way or another, but experienced some trepidation as to what his opponent would do regarding his incoming compatriots.
He tried to remain positive about surviving knowing the visions had not yet come to pass, but he wondered how it could be possible. He relaxed, breathed deeply and prepared himself for the final show-down, one he was sure would be remembered by those who survived for some time to come. Grogaan would ensure his name would not be forgotten quickly, at least among the Imperial forces.
The sorcerer checked his sensor screen and saw why his opponent had contacted his comrades. He then ordered all Zilon starfighters to return to the cruiser, and any that disobeyed would be punished severely. Both squadrons of Zilon Interceptors returned to the Stalker without delay or question. They knew what would happen to them if they disobeyed Supreme Chancellor Pakrowask.
Grogaan was stunned by what was unfolding before his eyes. Were the starfighters really returning to the capital ship? He then heard his opponent’s voice, which shook him out of his reverie.
“Let us continue with what we have begun.”
Although stunned by the sorcerer’s decision, the Guardian did not hesitate in throwing himself into combat once more. Now it was back to one-on-one, Grogaan’s relief was profound, and without that added pressure, he was able to regain his focus.
Another fifteen minutes passed without any significant change in the outcome of the fight between the two combatants. The two pilots were now feeling the strain of combat. Beads of sweat trickled down their faces. Body temperatures were raised making them feel very uncomfortable, and both were beginning to wonder who would make the first mistake.
The Imperial opened up the comm channel. “Kopaz-One, I commend you on your skills. You are indeed a worthy adversary. I have not had the privilege of engaging in combat with such a talented pilot, nor a true Guardian.” The Imperial then took a gamble on his assessment of his opponent and slowed his starfighter, eventually bringing it to a complete stop.
Seeing what the sorcerer was doing, Grogaan did likewise, and was unconcerned about whether or not it was a ploy to catch him out. “You honour me with your words Alpha-One. I commend you on your ability and skills. I sense you are also adept in magic, but you utilise the power of the dark realm; one we refer to as a Megrein sorcerer.” He brought his interceptor around to face his opponent.
Pakrowask laughed. “Yes, I am adept in the art, but I don’t know if I am what you call a Megrein sorcerer. However, that is irrelevant at this moment in time.” There was a moment of silence before the Imperial roared out joyfully, “I am Pakrowask of Krelath, Supreme Chancellor and Commander of the Imperial Starfighter Forces of the Hebradon Imperial Fleet.”
“Greetings, Commander Pakrowask. I am Squadron Leader Grogaan Learman, Guardian and Commander of Kopaz Squadron, formerly of the Mabra Defence Force, now of the Ladorran Republic.” He was surprised that he felt no anger when he heard his opponent was from Krelath.
“So, you are the infamous starfighter who survived the battle of Mabraant. It isn’t surprising that you ended the lives of so many of our fighter pilots during that conflict.”
“I am he.”
“I salute you Squadron Leader Learman, and your brave friends for your tenacity and audacity. Few, if any, have ever achieved what you and your squadron have. Seeing you in battle justifies my Empress’s concern about you and your friends. Disabling a battle cruiser is not something that is easily achieved, especially in a small starfighter. That was clever, very clever and ingenious.”
“I take that as a compliment. You have also proved a worthy adversary Chancellor Pakrowask. None to date have survived against Kopaz Squadron.”
“You honour me with your words Squadron Leader Learman.”
“So how did you become a Megrein sorcerer?”
“Prior to our meeting, I didn’t know there was a dark and light side to magic. My Mistress, Treyanna Hefrask, Empress of the Hebradon Empire, trained me in the art of magic. She didn’t distinguish between the two. Personally, I don’t believe she knew herself.”
“Well, Guardian Pakrowask, do we continue in combat?”
There was another moment of silence over the comm channel. “Thank you for addressing me as Guardian, but before I reply to your question, may I ask why after having already called me a Megrein sorcerer?”
Grogaan considered his answer carefully. “That is because there is still honour in your conduct, something scarce in a true sorcerer.”
“I’m sure you are correct, and it would appear that you are a wise man, well trained in the ways of the Guardian. Continuing in combat would be the action required by the protocols of war, but now it seems the wrong action to take. I believe we would only continue fighting until one of us tires enough to make a fateful mistake that ends in death. That would be more dishonourable than even I could accept under these circumstances. I may use magic empowered by the dark realm as you suggest, but as a loyal Krelathan I still retain my sense of honour in combat. That is more important to me than simply gaining the victory. It would be a great honour to meet you in combat again sometime in the future.” Pakrowask did not understand why he said what he did; he just sensed his conscience telling him it was the right thing to say.
Grogaan considered the words of his opponent. “You are also very wise for a sorcerer and worthy of the title Guardian. I’m confident that we’ll meet again one day, so until then, I bid you farewell Guardian Pakrowask.” Using the directional thrusters to turn his starfighter around ninety degrees, he saluted and engaged the throttle to maximum. His Manta Class Interceptor shot forward and moments later disappeared.
The sorcerer accelerated toward the Stalker, pondering what had just occurred. There was something about this Guardian that unnerved him. His skills and magical power were far greater than his own, and he believed Learman could have easily made the kill. He was unable to comprehend why he had not utilised that advantage. The confrontation also resulted in Pakrowask experiencing feelings that he had not felt since he first started training in the arts.
Although he was unsure why, the Sorcerer was pleased with the outcome, and eagerly awaited his next confrontation with Squadron Leader Learman. Heading back to the cruiser, Pakrowask felt very strange. He felt the power of the astral realm running through his body, but for some unknown reason, there was something different about its intensity, its purity, and its effect upon him.





Chapter Thirteen

Breolis Seven, Breolis System, Fazaal Sector, Gaashox Quadrant

Five and a half hours after leaving Breolis, the first ships returned. Gerast was concerned when the sensors picked up only three yachts and three MCFs entering the system. When the identification data of the ships appeared on the screen, Gerast recognised those of the Ellarna Star and Katrona. He sighed in relief.
The three were waiting inside the hangar when the ships landed. Sorann was first out and quickly explained what was going on and why the group had split up, and then the three Jestungans introduced themselves to Ellarna.
Ellarna, her mother and sisters were overcome with joy at being reunited, but Ellarna’s joy was overshadowed by her concern for her fiancé and the pilots of Kopaz Squadron. The relief experienced by the rescued families was turning to nervous apprehension the longer they waited.
Twenty minutes later, the four former MDF pilots arrived, and ten minutes after them, the five pilots of Kopaz Squadron. All of the ships were showing signs of battle, some worse than others, but nothing serious. After describing the battle and explaining why Grogaan was not with them, they checked their ships to assess the damage before giving them a post flight servicing.
Time passed slowly while they waited for Grogaan, and everyone was becoming anxious, even the former MDF pilots. They had seen how Grogaan fought and their opinions of him had changed considerably, as had their respect and admiration.
“It’s been far too long Zaack,” said Joeen.
“Calm down Joeen. Grogaan’s too good to lose. He’ll be here in a few minutes, you’ll see.” Zaack tried to sound confident, but even he was beginning to fret. Just before his ship reached lightspeed, his sensor readout showed that another squadron of fighters had been deployed from the cruiser. Even had he been able to decelerate and rejoin the battle, he knew Grogaan would have ordered him to leave.
“Against reasonable odds, yes, but he’s alone now, and there was another squadron heading in when we left.”
“Take it easy will you,” he said taking hold of her shoulders. “Grogaan would not remain if the odds were stacked too high against him.”
“Zaack’s right, Joeen,” said Ellarna. “If anything happened to Grogaan, I’m sure I would have sensed something by now.”
Joeen smiled. “Yeah, I guess you’re right.”
Doraant put a comforting arm around her. It had been far too long, and they all knew it, but they had to remain positive. They could not begin to think the worst, because that would betray their confidence in their friend’s skills and his uncanny ability to survive whatever was thrown at him.
“I’m sorry Ellarna. If anyone should be concerned it should be you.”
Ellarna just smiled. She knew exactly why Joeen felt the way she did, having sensed it the first time they met. She also knew the attraction still existed, would probably always remain, but Ellarna was not concerned; she never had been.
The three Jestungans were sitting quietly away from the main group trying to avoid trouble. Jedrool had no doubts about Grogaan returning. He believed the Mabraantan was the one spoken of in the prophecy, and that he would not pass from this life until he had fulfilled the destiny laid out for him.
Despite Grogaan’s assurances about the Jestungans, the male pilots of Kopaz Squadron remained suspicious of them, and their motives, and were pleased they were keeping their distance. Although Ellarna talked to them briefly, she spent most of the time with her family. For the first time since Ellarna could remember, her mother was not fussing or being overprotective as she always used to. She wondered if her mother had at last changed, and perhaps they could re-forge the close relationship they once had when she was a young child.
While everyone else was worrying, Sorann and Deanna were meditating. They sensed Grogaan’s presence as soon as his ship entered the system nearly twenty-five minutes after the last of the squadron had arrived on Breolis Seven. Kopaz Squadron was preparing to climb into their starfighters when Sorann appeared with the good news.
Grogaan climbed out of his ship to a rapturous welcome. The wave of emotional relief was too great for Joeen, Kareana and Ellarna, who all started crying. Now he had returned safely, everyone found it easier to relax. As soon as Grogaan sat on one of the soft chairs in the lounge, the demands of the mission finally caught up with him. He felt more exhausted than after any of his previous missions, which made him realise just how much mental and physical energy he had expended. He yawned deeply.
Once they were all settled, those who had been rescued told of what happened on Mabraant after the battle. The pilots of Kopaz Squadron then told of their plight since leaving the Mabra system.
Then some surprises were revealed.
Ellarna’s mother and sisters were the most shocked when they discovered she was almost a fully trained Guardian. Kareana was not surprised. She knew that they, along with her son were descended from a long line of Guardians. Ellarna’s sisters, Hellan and Debaara were excited at the thought that they may be able to use magic, and asked Grogaan if there was any way to confirm whether or not they were.
Grogaan knew Sorann had found a way to discern if a being was sensitive to the powers of the astral realm, so he went to ask. Sorann and Deanna were sitting away from everyone else, allowing them to talk among themselves, regarding their part in the mission as being inconsequential; nobody else thought so. Without them, the rescue would not have been possible.
Sorann agreed without hesitation, and confirmed they were. He stressed he would be unable to discern how adept they might or might not become until they commenced their training. He then suggested they attend the Guardian Academy on Piserron as soon as possible. The two sisters were delighted. Their mother was reluctant to allow it at first, but seeing how important it was to them, she relented and granted permission. Both were overjoyed at the prospect of joining their sister and training to becoming Guardians. It was agreed that they would accompany Ellarna and Grogaan when they returned to finish their training.
Grogaan was pleased. He sensed they would indeed become quite adept in magic, but time was pressing and they needed to prepare for the journey. He would have been quite happy staying on Breolis Seven until the following morning, but decided it would be more prudent to leave immediately. It was too much of a risk to remain, knowing the Empire would probably be sending scout ships to every system searching for them.
When he went to get another drink before heading to the hangar, the three Jestungans approached him tentatively. To watch the young Guardian in action had been astounding. It confirmed that he was the one they believed him to be. Jedrool wanted to return to Jestung to see Xarasss and tell him all that had happened. He knew the old man was nearing the end of his life’s path, wondered just how long he had left, and whether he would be able to return before his end. Maybe he would soon. The old man would be pleased to see him again, as he would in seeing Xarasss.
“There you are Jedrool. Where’ve you been hiding?”
“We thought it wise to keep to ourselves for a while.”
“That’s very considerate of you.”
“We’d like to thank you for allowing us to accompany you,” said Jedrool.
“I’m pleased to have you with us,” said Grogaan. “Now maybe you can tell me how you happened to be on Mabraant at such a convenient time.”
Jedrool explained briefly of their activity from after their first meeting up to the present day, and how he believed he had fulfilled only part of his destiny. When he finished he noticed the powersword hanging from Grogaan’s utility belt, nodded and smiled. “So Squadron Leader Learman, you have become a Guardian. The prophecy is finally in progress and will soon be fulfilled.”
Grogaan looked at the other with interest. “You still believe I am the one who will bring down the Empire?” he asked with scepticism.
“I have no doubts, not anymore.”
“Well Jedrool, you and your two friends are quite welcome to join us on our journey to Marderas.”
Jedrool bowed his head. “It would be a pleasure and an honour.”
“That’s settled then. Once we’re on our way, you can tell me all you know about the astral realm and of the Teragon knights.” Grogaan’s mention of the ancient brotherhood went unheard by Sorann. Had he heard, it would have changed his intents regarding his future plans for resurrecting the ‘Order’.
“It’ll give me great pleasure to impart all I know to you, not that there’s much to tell.”

As they made their way to the hangar, Grogaan informed the others that the three Jestungans would be travelling with them. Surprisingly, nobody argued against it, but Zaack did raise one relevant point: What they were going to do with their starfighters, because he thought there was only enough room in the transport for fifteen ships, and that would be a tight squeeze.
Grogaan operated some controls on an inside panel near the bay door. Moments later the cargo area ceiling started lowering, and as it did so it revealed a hidden area situated between the engine compartments. Zaack was amazed.
They loaded the Ellarna Star and Dave’s yacht onto the platform, raised it back into place, and then finished loading the rest. With everyone on board, Grogaan piloted the transport and set course for Marderas. Meanwhile, Sorann and Deanna left for Piserron in the Katrona.





Chapter Fourteen

Mabra System, Fazaal Sector, Gaashox Quadrant

When Pakrowask landed on board the disabled cruiser, he ordered the deck officer to have a shuttle prepared for flight by the time he returned. He then headed for the bridge to find out what the Captain had to tell him regarding the ships that escaped the system, and of the events on the planet’s surface. The moment he stepped out of the turbolift, the Captain turned to see him step out of it, and approached him without hesitation. The crew went silent in anticipation.
Pakrowask already knew enough about the fighters. “You have some information for me Captain,” he said sternly.
“Yes, Supreme Chancellor,” he answered nervously. “We’ve received a message from the Imperial Governor on Mabraant regarding several incidents. Imperial troops and officers have been killed with what he believes was a sword, and by an unknown assailant; an MC6 yacht has been stolen from an engineering plant, and was among those that escaped the system; four Zilon fighters were destroyed by MCFs, and a ship blasted out of a dwelling killing more soldiers. That ship was also among those that escaped.”
Pakrowask’s expression remained calm and unconcerned. He believed he knew who was behind it. “Very well, inform Imperial Governor Jaxarran I’m on my way, and don’t expect my return. I’ll be flying directly to Breolis Primar from the planet. I suggest you arrange for emergency repairs to be undertaken immediately, and then take this ship to space dock at Faidan for a major refit. Empress Hefrask will be most displeased to hear about another disaster.”
The Captain saluted, turned on his heels and walked to the comm station. He was physically shaking at the prospect of what might happen to him once the Empress discovered the fate of her cruiser.
Pakrowask returned to the flight deck and the shuttle pilot commenced take-off procedures before the Governor was seated. Pakrowask instructed the pilot to land near Mabraant Engineering’s front entrance and keep all systems ready for immediate take off. He disembarked and was promptly guided to where the dead soldiers lay. Each had a look of surprise frozen onto their features.
The Sorcerer examined the bodies carefully, taking note of the fine slices in the clothing and bodies of the dead men. He had no doubt the soldiers had been killed by a powersword wielded by a trained Guardian. He knew it was impossible for someone who was not adept in magic to handle such a weapon, and extremely difficult even for a novice in the arts.
The officer looked at him with inquisitive eyes.
Pakrowask smiled sensing the unasked question. “They were killed by a single Guardian skilled in sword combat. Notice the lack of laser blasts. None of them had a chance to fire off a single shot.”
The officer was sceptical that one man could have done such a thing.
Pakrowask smiled at the officer’s scepticism. “I can assure you, Captain, it’s not a difficult feat for a Guardian.”
A junior soldier appeared around the corner guiding a hover sled. Before he could start moving the bodies, the Chancellor used his magic to raise all six bodies together and place them neatly on the sled. The soldiers stared open-mouthed in shock at the demonstration. They backed off giving him more room as he walked passed them to return to his shuttle. Pakrowask sensed their fear and concerns; it made him smile.
As he flew to the district where the other disturbances had been reported to have occurred, he wondered what was so important about the engineering plant that he had to rescue the owner, the chief engineer, and destroy the main computer systems. It was perplexing.
Stepping out of the shuttle, he saw the debris from destroyed Zilon Fighters, and several dead Eloran Commandos lying near the house. A very nervous and anxious officer approached him.
“So, Commander, what happened here?” demanded Pakrowask.
The officer gave a thorough report and informed him that the fleeing ships headed north. Even though a search had been undertaken, the ships were not discovered until sensors detected them heading for space.
Pakrowask listened with great interest. ‘This Guardian Learman certainly is a remarkable man. Resourceful and clever,’ he thought. “To whom does this home belong, Commander?” he asked, but already had his suspicions.
“The Learman family, my Lord. According to some personal belongings we found, it would appear that the father and one brother died several years ago. The mother and one remaining son are missing.”
‘So, the Guardian lived here and came to rescue his mother: how honourable, but how very curious!’ thought Pakrowask. He laughed and then returned to the shuttle without saying a word.
The officer was speechless and stared at the Krelathan’s back as the man walked away. He had expected a severe reprimand at the least, but received not even a strong word. When the shuttle took off, he sighed in relief and set about his duties.

About five hours later, Pakrowask’s shuttle approached the cruiser Vindicator, which was holding position near Breolis Primar. On contacting the command ship he was told the Empress was currently at the new Imperial Centre on the planet. When he finally arrived at Treyanna’s quarters the door opened before he had even rung the chime. He was not surprised and entered the room.
“Ah, Pakrowask, what brings you back here so soon?” Treyanna motioned for him to sit down near her. “Do you have news of who caused the disturbance in the astral realm?”
“I do Mistress. It was the presence of a Guardian from the Ladorran Quadrant. However, I have discovered he is actually from Mabraant.”
The Empress gazed at her Chancellor, concerned about why this Guardian had appeared. Pakrowask sensed his Mistress’s concern, but refrained from speaking further on the subject knowing she was deep in thought.
“It puzzles me why this Guardian would land on Mabraant. What was so special about the complex where those soldiers were killed?” she asked.
“I’m not sure. The building belonged to Mabraant Engineering, and where the Guardian worked as an engineer until we conquered the system. He was also a very skilled fighter pilot for the Mabra Defence Force.”
“That would also explain the presence I felt during the battle of Mabraant. I knew there was a strange presence at the time.”
The Empress paused, but Pakrowask spoke before she could continue. “He was the commander of the starfighter squadron which bore the eagle insignia you were interested in. It was he that led the attack on, and subsequently caused the destruction of the cruisers Illustrious and Destroyer during the campaign. I’ve had the pleasure of engaging him in ship-to-ship combat.”
Treyanna stared at her disciple.
“We have not yet discovered what their aims on Mabraant were, but they were in a great rush to leave. The Stalker arrived in system just as they were attempting to flee, and two squadrons of Zilon fighters were deployed to intercept them. Their ten fighters engaged ours, while the six ships accelerated to lightspeed.”
“Six ships? What class were they?”
Pakrowask paused a moment. “Three were MC6 yachts, twin seat luxury yachts with minimal shielding and unarmed, and three MCFs.”
“Well, they removed either personnel and or equipment that must have had some importance to them.” Treyanna sounded surprisingly calm.
“No equipment was missing from the complex, apart from one yacht that belonged to the owner of Mabraant Engineering. He and the chief engineer were the only people missing. For some reason, the central computer system for the works had been destroyed, along with all the information and plans it contained.”
The Empress played with a loose strand of hair while thinking. “Why would this Guardian fly so far just to destroy a computer containing ship plans and remove two people? No, there is more to it than that, much more, but what?”
The incoming message buzzer sounded on the comm panel disturbing her line of thought. Treyanna responded with impatience, annoyed at the interruption. When the officer had finished relaying his message, she was looking even more bewildered than before.
“What is it Mistress?” asked Pakrowask with concern.
“It would seem that our intruders rescued twenty other people in addition to the two from Mabraant Engineering. All were relations of pilots who had died during the battle of Mabraant. Or,” she paused a moment, “most probably, family of the pilots who flew those interceptors into the system. You said ten starfighters engaged our Zilons?”
“I did Mistress. All survived, although several were slightly damaged. The Guardian, Squadron Leader Grogaan Learman was the Squadron Leader, an exceptionally talented and experienced pilot. They destroyed eighty-three of our ships, twenty-four fighters and fifty-nine interceptors. The Guardian destroyed most.”
The Empress was gazing at Pakrowask with burgeoning curiosity. “How then did you survive?” she asked suspiciously.
“By mutual consent. Neither of us could gain sufficient advantage to destroy the other, so we decided to leave the final outcome to be decided at some other opportunity. I sensed he was a very powerful Guardian, one not to be trifled with. I believe he was skilful enough to defeat me, but for some reason he held back during the confrontation. I don’t know why.”
“Are you sure this was the same squadron as the one that escaped previously?”
“It was. He personally confirmed it.”
Treyanna rubbed her chin with her left hand. “I had not foreseen this. The appearance of this Guardian perplexes me; I don’t like it at all. That will be all for now, my friend. Return to the Stalker and await further orders.” She was now even more troubled, and needed to indulge in meditation in an attempt to ascertain the reasons behind this Guardian’s appearance.
Pakrowask hesitated.
Treyanna sensed there was something bothering him, and that she would not be pleased about it. Pakrowask told her about the Stalker and expected an outburst of fury.
“Squadron Leader Learman again?” she asked. The Krelathan nodded.
“This Guardian is proving to be very troublesome and expensive. Two cruisers destroyed and one disabled. Shields and engines, I presume.” Again, he nodded. Treyanna sighed heavily. “Oh well, there’s little we can do about it now. I think the Captain of the Stalker should be made to worry a little, but nothing serious. After all, who would have expected ten starfighters to destroy so many without a single loss?”
“I believe the Captain is already feeling more than worried,” said Pakrowask as he stood. He then bowed his head and left, deciding he would wait before asking her about the light and dark aspect of the astral realms. While walking to his ship, he felt a strange compulsion to seek out Squadron Leader Learman, but was unable to explain why. Before this engagement, his compulsion was to obey his Mistress and aid her in increasing the power and wealth of the Empire. Now, however, there appeared to be something wrong with the whole situation. He sensed that all was not going to be well for the Hebradon Empire. Pakrowask had a niggling suspicion that he was not in control of his inner conscience. He was also curious about where destiny was leading him.
After accessing some data from the ship’s data banks, Pakrowask boarded his shuttle and ordered his pilot to return to the Stalker. He sat in silence the entire journey, pondering all that had transpired between him and the Guardian, and all the feelings that had surfaced since then. He started having serious doubts about his future and his loyalties, saw cracks appearing in his ideals and the way he pictured the astral realm, and more importantly in his expectations. By the time he arrived back on board his command ship, he was totally confused. For the first time since he had learnt of his gift in the arts, he had lost sight of, and doubted everything he had come to believe in.
A longing to encounter Guardian Learman developed within him, and with it a desire to discover what else there was to learn about the realm and its power. Even though he had been following the darker side of magic for many years, he had not, by some quirk of fate, stooped to the levels of evil many of the others had. Pakrowask decided he would refrain from using magic as much as possible, but knew he would have to tread very carefully from now on.
Pakrowask now knew there was something wrong with Treyanna’s teaching. It was something the Guardians regarded as wrong. Honour, reputation and respect were integral to the way of life for the Krelathans, especially to Pakrowask. It was evident to him that the life he was leading was one that lacked it and tarnished one’s self-respect, destroying it piece by piece until there was none left, and ultimately no respect for life.
To Pakrowask, honour was still more important to him than blind loyalty. Fortunately for him, he had always retained a strong hold onto his ideals, which resulted in his ability to control how he used his gift, and from drawing less of the tainted magic.





Chapter Fifteen

Marderas, Madera System, Manora Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Everyone was relieved when Grogaan landed the Miranda’s pride at the spaceport on Marderas. Even Grogaan was pleased to be back. He had not been able to clear his mind of all that had happened, the stress of combat, and the unusual confrontation with the sorcerer Pakrowask. Ellarna’s father and the senators from Mabraant, accompanied by Governor Morrawen and several Ladorran senators, were waiting for them to disembark. Blaith and his wife were overcome with joy when they were reunited, both having feared for each other’s lives.
Sorann was as good as his word. He had contacted Governor Morrawen and ensured that accommodation was arranged for all that had been rescued from Mabraant. Before they were shown to their private rooms, Grogaan invited everyone to the Koroshan Queen later that evening for a meal to celebrate.
Grogaan and his mother accompanied Ellarna to her parents’ rooms about half an hour before they were to leave for the restaurant. When they were all seated, Grogaan and Ellarna stood up and broke the news of their engagement. Everyone was delighted, especially Kareana who instantly burst into tears.
Kareana remembered when her son told her that he and Miranda were going to be married, which seemed to be such a long time ago. Ever since that painful day, she had wondered if her son would ever find happiness again. Now he had, she just hoped their happiness would last.
Later that evening everyone was seated in the Koroshan Queen for the celebratory meal. The occasion was to mark the successful extraction and reunion of the families, and their safe arrival on Marderas. It also became an engagement party once the news was announced to the others. Everyone enjoyed themselves, but one individual felt some disappointment despite being attached to another.
Joeen had already accepted the fact that there was no possibility of her ever getting close to the one she truly desired, but now it was made certain. Doraant made her very happy, but her intense underlying feelings for Grogaan had been preventing her from appreciating or reciprocating his affections fully. The young woman knew she had to let go of her infatuation for Grogaan; only then would she be able to concentrate her full attention on Doraant, with whom she knew she could be truly happy. Making that conscious decision made her feel so much better, more at ease with herself, and it felt as if a heavy burden had been taken from her.
Ellarna looked at Joeen, having sensed the sudden flood of emotions the young woman suffered. She also detected her change of intent, and when Joeen looked up and saw her, she smiled. Joeen understood and returned the smile, feeling even more at ease.
Now life was at last looking to be more settled, Ellarna hoped they would be able to finish their Guardian training, and then engage in some diplomatic work. Although Grogaan expected further trouble with the Hebradon Empire in the future, she hoped it would be in the more distant future.
A few days later, Grogaan, Ellarna and her two sisters left for Piserron. The Ellarna Star was a bit confined with four persons on board for such a long journey, but it was made bearable due to the excitement of the two sisters, Helen and Debaara.
Grogaan and Ellarna shared some of what they already knew about the astral realm and many of the teachings. They encouraged the two sisters to meditate and open their minds to its power and influence. They also told them of some of the dangers to be expected while training, and what they would face on the road of life as a Guardian. These details did not deter nor discourage the two sisters from remaining excited about the future they now faced.
It was during this short trip that Grogaan pondered what Jedrool had told him about the Teragon Knights. The Jestungan had been correct in that there was little to tell. Grogaan was very intrigued about the ancient brotherhood, and wanted to know more, much more.
The Brotherhood was formed many millennia ago in a time when the ability to travel from system to system was unknown by most in the galaxy. Technology was only found on a handful of systems in a far distant region of space. It was a time when men fought with swords, lances and bows, and travelled on foot, horseback or horse drawn carts.
They originated on a planet whose name was long forgotten, as was the sector it was located in. They fought for justice and peace, and retained that principle throughout their existence. Then they disappeared. The name of the Teragon Knights became synonymous with evil and greed. Eventually, the very existence of the Knights’ order vanished from memory, along with everything known about them. There was nothing to tell why they disappeared or why they became despised.
Grogan believed that somewhere in the vast region that encompassed the four mapped quadrants someone knew something about the order, but where? He also wanted to discover what else there was to being a Guardian, and what difference there was between the Knights and Guardians. Unfortunately, that would have to wait until the current situation was dealt with.
However, Jedrool and his two friends intended to seek out and find those answers, regardless of how long it took.

After another two months of training at the Academy, Sorann called Ellarna and Grogaan into his office. “There is nothing more you can learn here. The rest is down to further experience, continuing to practice and applying what you have learnt. Life is the only thing that can teach you more, but I would admonish you to be aware of the dangers that await you. As and when more of the Guardian history is uncovered, we will endeavour to pass on that knowledge.”
Sorann purposefully neglected to mention anything about the Teragon Knights. He felt Grogaan was not ready to learn about them; he had enough to concern himself about for the time being. He was unaware that Grogaan already knew of the covert team that called themselves the Teragon Knights, knew that the order existed outside the Ladorran Quadrant, and that they were linked through the prophecy.
“We are grateful for your time and effort Sorann. It has been a privilege to have been trained by you, although we do feel that the training has been, well, extremely short from what we originally expected it to be. I hope we have learnt sufficiently well enough and that we will not fail you.”
“It has been educational for all I believe,” added Deanna in a firm tone.
Sorann looked at her inquisitively.
“Yes, your training has indeed been short, but what you have mastered in mere months, most apprentices take years to achieve. Unfortunately, there is still much about the teachings and training of Guardians that we don’t know about,” she said, casting a warning look at Sorann. “We will miss you being here.”
Sorann agreed. “I only wish there was more we could teach you.”
“Have you any plans before taking on the responsibilities of Guardianship, and selecting where you will serve?” asked Deanna.
“We haven’t given it any thought. We should continue to practice the lessons while here on Piserron, at least for a few more months before we decide to do anything else. I believe we have a long hard road ahead with many pitfalls and obstacles to overcome. Maybe one day we will be experienced, wise, and strong enough to become true Guardians, and then pass on what we’ve learnt to future generations.”
“That’s a wise choice Ellarna.” Sorann was very pleased within himself. He had successfully trained two more Guardians who would one day prove to be invaluable to the ‘Order’. He had also decided to remain at the Academy to oversee the training of future apprentices who were coming forward. News was spreading through the quadrant that the Guardians were returning from obscurity to re-establish their place and responsibility in society, and people were beginning to accept and trust them again.
Grogaan sensed Ellarna was feeling sad. She was missing her home and her few friends she had there, although she was grateful to Grogaan for rescuing her family. It would probably take many years to come to terms with the possibility of never seeing her home again, to never stroll through the grasslands and mountains, or to share those quiet moments with her fiancé at Lake Mabreese.
Grogaan swore they would eventually return to their homeworld, whether the Hebradon Empire was ruling or not. He knew being Guardians would assist in bringing the Empire to its knees, and justice would be meted out, whatever the cost. He bore an air of confidence nobody could mistake.
Sorann admired Grogaan’s conviction and determination. “I’ll do all I can to press the Ladorran Republic into helping in some way. As long as Imperial forces remain at large, whoever they serve, they’re a constant threat to the stability of the Republic and the galaxy.”
Grogaan nodded in agreement. “On our return here from Marderas, we dropped out of lightspeed in a system that contained a planet which wasn’t on our space chart, about a two-hour’s flight from here. Do you know what it is called?”
Sorann thought for a moment. “I believe it’s the Hiastor system. The only life-supporting planet is Hiastora Two, and is, as far as I know, uninhabited. Other than that, not much is really known about it. As you’re already aware, it’s not on many, if any of the navigational charts. Why do you ask?”
“I was intending to take Ellarna on an adventurous sightseeing tour and thought about visiting the planet. It might have some interesting places,” he said then turned to face Ellarna. “That’s if you’d like to?”
Ellarna smiled and thought it a good idea.
“Before you go Grogaan, there’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you for a while now. Have you had any more visions?”
“I have actually, but they’ve not been troubling me as they once did.”
“That’s good. Maybe now you can focus on their meaning and see what truth lies within.”
“They’re becoming clearer all the time. Unfortunately, I haven’t been able to distinguish the location and people involved. What I do know is that the events of the first vision are approaching very quickly.”
Sorann scratched his chin. “We’ll just have to wait and see what happens in the meantime.”
Grogaan nodded. “I’ll spend some time on our tour meditating, and we’ll talk more when we return.”

Shortly after leaving Sorann’s office, Grogaan and Ellarna were flying slowly over the planet’s surface. They were amazed at the sheer density of the forests, which were the beauty and splendour of Piserron. After a few minutes, Grogaan arched the ship skyward and set course for Hiastor.
Two hours later they reached the planet. It was mostly desert terrain around the equatorial region, with vast expanses of forest in both polar-regions. There were no signs of technology or settlements, and as Sorann had said, there were no signs of habitation. They wondered why nobody had settled on the planet.
They located a clearing in the middle of a forest in the Northern Hemisphere to land. It was warm and humid. With their Guardian senses and powerswords attached to their belts, they felt quite safe traversing through the forest.
After an hour’s walking, they encountered a large overgrown mound surrounded by vines and bushes.
Grogaan wanted to take a closer look and approached it cautiously. He felt no sense of danger, so started clearing the vines with his sword. Then it struck stone. He removed the loose vegetation and uncovered what appeared to be a small monumental shrine about a metre in height. The carvings were different to all the others he had seen in the libraries at the Academy and on Marderas. Curious about what he had uncovered, he continued to clear the rest of the growth surrounding it.
“Can you feel anything strange?” asked Ellarna.
“No. Why? Can you?”
“I’m not sure. There’s something here, but I can’t make it out.” She sighed. “Oh, I don’t know. It’s probably nothing, just me being over cautious.”
They examined the shrine more closely, and then Grogaan found what looked to be a lever situated just below soil level. Sensing no danger or magical warnings when he placed his hand on it, he gently pushed it inwards, and a small opening appeared. Removing the soil that fell inside, Grogaan saw a small box made of smooth black stone. He picked it up and showed it to Ellarna.
“Isn’t it beautiful,” she said.
The stone had various creatures carved into its surface, and tiny jewels embedded in small patterns. It was secured by a golden clasp on one side, which Grogaan carefully prised open. Inside h found two small green jewels, a parchment bearing symbols that were identical to those carved on the shrine, and some phials of liquid.
Grogaan closed the box and handed it to Ellarna. Looking inside the opening a second time, he found another raised stone to the side and pushed that one as well. There was a rumbling, the ground shook, and then a section of ground near the shrine started moving. As the opening became larger, an entrance just large enough for someone to pass through in a crouched position was revealed. A flow of warm, damp musty air rose from the passage. The smell was foul, causing Grogaan to reel backwards, coughing, and gasping for breath.
“Are you alright?” asked Ellarna seeing the way Grogaan reacted.
“Yeah sure. It smells like something’s died down there and lay undisturbed for aeons.” Once the smell had dissipated, he moved closer to the entrance.
“You’re not going in there are you?”
“Why not? There can’t be any dangers down there after all this time.”
“Oh I don’t know, perhaps we should call Sorann first.” Ellarna was nervous.
“It’ll be okay, trust me. After all, if there was any danger surely we would have felt it by now.” Grogaan turned on his glowlamp, eased himself into the opening and felt a flow of cool fresh air coming from inside. The passage was about five metres in length before it opened up into a small chamber. The stone walls were covered with ornate carvings embedded with jewels in a similar pattern to that of the box they found.
“Wow! Ellarna, you should see this. It’s remarkable.” He shone the glowlamp over each wall in turn admiring the carvings and jewelled patterns, amazed at the complexity of the designs. Never before had he seen such fine and intricate stonework.
Ellarna chose to remain on the surface.
Grogaan carefully examined the floor and walls. There were no cracks or joints to be found anywhere, except for the sealed door in the corner opposite the passageway. Gently moving his hand over the wall beside the door, he touched a recessed section, which could not have been more than a half a millimetre in depth. He pushed on it and it become deeper as the stone moved inward. It revealed a control panel on which there were two buttons, one blue and one purple. Drawing on his magic, he focussed on the panel and then depressed the purple button. The door opened slowly, revealing a second chamber.
Standing still beside the doorway, Grogaan waited for a few moments. He then shone his glowlamp inside before entering. There was a computer console and what appeared to be a control station. He entered cautiously, examined the controls while consciously drawing on his magic, and pulled the lever on the left downward. There was a brief rumbling sound, and then the distinct whining of a generator. When the sound became steady, there were a few clicking noises, and one by one, four lights switched on over-head. Grogaan was amazed the power system still worked.
Once the lighting was up to full brightness, he noticed another door opposite the first. When opened, a third chamber with more control panels was revealed. As he gazed round, he noticed a skeleton hunched over one of the units. The bony hand was clasping a lever in the upward position, its skull resting on the base panel. The creature, whatever it was, had been killed by a shot from a laser pistol, the laser bolt having penetrated through its back and burnt a hole in the front of the panel.
The creature was humanoid with strange fin bones down the spine, like those on a reptile, but that was where the similarity in skeletal structure ended. It appeared as if the creature had been unaware of its killer. Had it been murdered? It was a mystery Grogaan knew would never be resolved.
In the fourth chamber there was some complicated looking equipment, and what appeared to be a restraining unit for humanoid beings. It had a semi-circular dome on a moveable arm, several other levers and weird looking implements secured on shelves and in trays. In the centre of the control panel next to it, there was a section that had four spring-gripping mechanisms. One appeared to be damaged and another held a green jewel, which was similar to those he found in the box. There were also four red jewels in a tray on the side unit. He wondered what had happened to the fourth jewel.
He took a step back and heard a crunching sound. ‘Damn!’ he cried out. The jewel had fallen out of the mechanism, and he had stepped on it. There was a small flume of smoke rising from the shattered jewel, but he had not noticed it. Sensing a warning from the astral realm, he turned quickly and cut his hand on a sharp implement.
When the smoke entered the cut on his hand, Grogaan recoiled as if he had been stung, and knocked the control unit with his elbow. The vibration caused the remaining jewel to fall from the spring clip, which smashed as it hit the floor and released another flume of smoke. Grogaan was busy rubbing the side of his hand, and did not realise the other jewel had smashed.
‘A fine Guardian I turned out to be,’ he muttered to himself. He was still rubbing his hand when the second flume of smoke entered his cut. “Ouch!” he cried out. Being stung twice was enough for Grogaan, so he decided it was time to return to the surface.
His cut had turned dark purple and began swelling, so he drew on his magic and started the Guardian healing technique. It began to heal quickly, and the process was finished by the time he had switched off the power and returned to Ellarna on the surface.
“You were gone for such a long time I was getting worried about you. What did you find?”
“It’s an underground complex that probably extends some distance, but I stopped in the fourth chamber.” He described what he had found, and that he had been bitten twice by an insect, both times where he had cut his hand.
“There was more wasn’t there?” she asked knowing something else had happened.
“I felt a prompting from the astral realm, probably a warning of the insects. Still, I’m here safe now.”
“I think it’s time to return to the Academy.” Ellarna was feeling uneasy and had decided she disliked Hiastora Two.
“Already? There’s still a lot of the planet to see, but we can do that tomorrow if you wish.”
“No. I’m not feeling very comfortable here and I don’t know why. There’s something about this place that unnerves me. I don’t want to return here again.”
Grogaan did not protest or argue with his fiancée. He knew to trust her feelings and would do nothing to upset her. Taking her arm in his, the two intrepid Guardians retraced their steps back to the Ellarna Star and then set off for Piserron.

“Enjoy your little trip, did you?” inquired Deanna, who met Grogaan and Ellarna as they entered the main corridor.
“Not very much,” said Ellarna.
Deanna was not surprised. “It’s supposed to be a desert planet with little of interest according to what I’ve read.”
“On the contrary. Is Sorann about?” said Grogaan.
“I was just on my way to see him. Come on, you can tell us all about what you found.” As they walked to Sorann’s room, Deanna sensed a difference in Grogaan’s aura. He felt a lot stronger in power than he had before he left. She then felt the presence of something lurking deep within his body, hiding like a hunter waiting for its prey. She shuddered at the sensation.
Ellarna sensed her reaction. “Anything wrong, Deanna?”
“No. No there’s nothing wrong, just thinking about something.”
Ellarna did not press the point, but knew she was not telling all. It was obvious that Deanna had sensed something about her fiancé that troubled her. Ellarna wondered why she had not.
“Hello Grogaan, Ellarna, you’re back rather soon.” said Sorann.
“It didn’t turn out to be the place for us to spend much time. However, we found something that may be of great interest to you.” He first showed him the black box and its contents.
Sorann was intrigued and curious by the carvings and agreed to send them to Marderas for the experts to study. He picked up one of the gems and turned it around in his fingers as he examined it.
“Look how the centre is cloudy. Adds a little something to the beauty, don’t you think?” said Grogaan.
“Unusual I would say, but yes, I can see what you mean,” said Deanna
“If you have no objection Sorann, I’d like to keep the gems.”
“I don’t see why not.” Sorann handed them back. “I’m sure they’re quite safe.”
They listened carefully while Grogaan described the shrine where he had found the box, the hidden complex, and what he had discovered inside. Sorann was aghast that he had entered an unknown complex without support, and at his apparent lack of concern. When Grogaan described one of the pieces of equipment, Sorann thought it sounded like the mind manipulation equipment Emperor Belack utilised, and he wondered if it was one of his secret development sites. He also sensed something unusual about Grogaan, but he was unable to determine what it was.
“I think we should have this complex investigated further. I’ll arrange for some survey personnel from Marderas to carry it out. Let them see if they can uncover its full extent and who constructed it,” said Sorann.
“I agree. There’s more to that place than four chambers. Just before leaving I noticed another door that I hadn’t opened. I had a feeling there was something else beyond that would tell us more about the place.”
Sorann nodded, understanding what Grogaan meant. “Well, it seems as if this galaxy is always revealing some mystery that requires solving.”
Deanna glared at Sorann and said firmly, “Mysteries other people can unfold.”
Grogaan sensed a hint of rebuke in her tone, underlining her concern for Sorann’s usual trait of trying to do everything himself. He looked at Sorann to see how he would react and was amused by the wry smile that formed on his face.
“I wouldn’t dare take it upon myself again, especially with you around to reign in the leash,” he said humorously.
Deanna looked at him through narrowed eyes, and then smiled.

Later that afternoon, Grogaan made clasps for the two remaining gems and fitted them to a necklace, which he then gave to Ellarna as a gift. Ellarna was delighted, embraced him, and gave him a long passionate kiss to show her appreciation. He then helped fasten it around her neck.
Meanwhile, Sorann and Deanna were taking a walk around the outside of the main complex. They were discussing what they had sensed in Grogaan’s presence earlier. Both agreed he possessed an aura that he had not had before his trip. Sorann suggested they take note of his actions to see if any changes in attitude became apparent. They believed something was very wrong, and Sorann feared that it probably had something to do with his past, something that had resurfaced without Grogaan knowing.
This caused Sorann much concern, and he wondered if it would have a serious and detrimental effect on the Mabraantan’s future. As a result, he began having doubts about the effectiveness of the teaching Grogaan received. He did not consider the possibility that there was a more sinister reason for the change.
As the two were walking toward the Pisonar Temple, Lagaeto approached and informed Sorann that Governor Morrawen wanted him to contact her straight away. With a sigh, Sorann headed back toward the main complex, accompanied by Deanna.
“I’m sorry to disturb you, but we have what may be a serious problem developing.” Rosaline sounded concerned.
“Surely the ruling council can deal with it,” he said hopefully.
“They are investigating the situation right now. The fact is, there’s a new Imperial fleet operating in the outer regions of the quadrant, and no-one seems to know where they came from.”
“What about Admiral Orlandiss? Doesn’t he know anything?”
“No. I have suggested to the ruling council that it might be the Hebradon Imperial Fleet the Mabraantan senators warned us about. That’s why I contacted you. Perhaps Grogaan will be able to confirm whether it is or not. Can you ask him?”
“Yeah, sure I can. By the way, what happened with Jamarosa? Did he agree to arrange a full council meeting?”
“He said he’d talk with some of the governors and senators first, but nothing happened until now, and they’re beginning to panic.”
“In that case I’ll go find Grogaan and see what he says. Oh Rosaline, can you arrange for a survey team to come here to pick up some data, and then fly over to Hiastora Two.”
“Yes, but why?”
“Grogaan found an underground complex that’s not in any of the survey reports for the planet. They’ll need a computer expert, a scientist and a support team.”
“That sounds interesting. I’ll arrange it immediately.”
“Thanks. I’ll be in touch.” Sorann closed the hypernet channel and looked at Deanna who was glaring at him. “It doesn’t mean we have to get involved, does it?” he said.
“Where have I heard that before,” she countered, her tone rather accusing. For too long he had jeopardised their relationship by either doing everything himself or insisting on getting involved, even when she had pleaded with him not to. After continual pressuring from Deanna, it was finally getting through to him; he was trying hard to let go.
The trip they were embarking on when Grogaan arrived in the system was the first serious one they had planned to spend together alone. It was also, as far as Deanna was concerned, a make or break trip. She had sworn that if Sorann had called the trip off for any reason she would have ended their relationship. However, because she had been intrigued by the new arrivals, she decided to give him another chance, but only this time. She was pleased she did.
Gaining a new friend was not the only positive outcome from becoming involved with the Mabraantans. The two Guardians had spent more quality time together in the past six months than in the previous twelve, time in which their relationship grew stronger. Deanna was happy, but she knew she could be a lot more so.
Sorann gave her an innocent look back. “I’m only passing on a message,” he said unconvincingly. Deanna frowned and said nothing in response. The two went to find Grogaan and Ellarna and told them the news. Grogaan was convinced it was the Hebradon Empire and had already taken control of several systems in the Solkar Sector. It also meant they had discovered a route enabling them to navigate the Mantoa asteroid belts. An image flashed in his mind, one he believed was a warning from the realm, and one he would have to meditate on to determine its significance.
“What is it Grogaan?” asked Sorann.
“Nothing to be concerned about at this time,” he said. “Did Governor Morrawen say what ships have arrived?”
“Only that they were Imperial. No specific ship id’s I’m afraid, but she believes they may be from the Hebradon Imperial Fleet?”
Grogaan did not look at all surprised. “That’s most probable, and I assume Rosaline wants us to return to Marderas to assist?”
Sorann nodded.

Sorann and Deanna were already preparing their ship for flight when the others arrived to prepare theirs. He glanced over at the Ellarna Star and watched them. They worked quickly and quietly. Even while they performed simple tasks together, Sorann clearly saw the union between them, the way they looked at each other, the occasional warm smile as their eyes met. It was a marvel to behold, and he wondered if he and Deanna would ever be the same.
It made him realise Deanna was right; he had put too much emphasis on doing everything himself instead of leaving it for others to deal with. From that moment on, Sorann vowed to heed anything Deanna said, and would put her and their relationship above Republican issues.
While Sorann watched the other two and thought about his relationship with Deanna, he saw a bright glow appear around them. It was only for a split second, but it was definitely there. At first he was surprised, but then understood that it was a significant sign of the astral realm’s influence upon them. It was something he had heard and read about, but had never seen.
It was a very rare phenomenon.
He was pleased he had allowed Grogaan and Ellarna to return to Piserron in their ship a second time, bringing Ellarna’s two sisters with them. If he had not done so, which would have been the case had he been following standard procedure, they would have had to wait at least another three days before they would be ready to leave. Three days that could be vital to initiate any actions against the new threat. He would have also missed seeing that rare phenomenon, and the realisation of what he needed to do for his relationship with Deanna.





Chapter Sixteen

Marderas, Madera System, Manora Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

A lone MC6 yacht was travelling at lightspeed on course for the Madera System. On board was a man in his late fifties, a high-ranking officer who had finally become tired of the pressures and stresses of military life. His name was Loprass Jeffron and held the rank of Imperial Admiral of the Fleet, the highest rank in the Hebradon Navy.
Loprass smiled as his personal ship hurtled toward what he hoped was still the principal planet of the Ladorran Republic, Marderas. Initially, he had simply wanted to break free from military life, to seek out a suitable planet away from Imperial or Republican interference, a place somewhere in the outer regions of the quadrant to settle down for a quiet, peaceful life. As usual, nothing transpired as he hoped it would.
The first planet he attempted settling on was Paftha, a peaceful world with very friendly people. However, after a few months he began to feel restless and uncomfortable, but he was unable to understand why. It made him feel dejected. While there, Loprass learnt much about the events that had shaped the Ladorran Republic since he left so many years ago: Who was in authority; was it stable or on the verge of collapse; what threats were prevalent. Despite trying, he was simply unable to enjoy being himself with nobody to command. He had served in the military regime so long he was ill prepared for life outside of it.
He still wondered if he was doing the right thing.
After the battle of Mabraant, Admiral Jeffron spent many days reflecting on his life, from his time serving in the Imperial navy under the rule of Emperor Belack, to serving Empress Treyanna of the Hebradon Empire. He had reached the pinnacle of his career, that of Imperial Admiral of the Fleet, but realised there was more to life. There was something missing from his and he wanted to discover what it was. Now, however, he was at odds with himself.
He felt lonely and unfulfilled.
Treyanna Hefrask’s order to attack Mabraant without provocation tipped the balance of his reasonable and honourable approach to military existence; it grated on his soul to see it continue throughout the galaxy. Jeffron had watched it so many times in his younger days when he had little honour or sense. In those days one served with dedication and blind loyalty. The consequences of not doing so was to suffer death or a fate worse than death in the mines or quarries scattered across the quadrant. He had been young and impressionable. Honour and integrity meant nothing to him. Only recognition and promotion were important. Since the fall of the Belocian Empire, his attitudes had changed for the better.
After joining the Hebradon Imperial fleet, he believed life would be different. The Empress’s approach was unique and peaceful, even if it was really sinister and corrupt in purpose. At first, he hoped for good things; A life in the military with its discipline, regularity and stability, even if it was without the conflict. Then, as time passed by and more worlds joined the Empire, he saw the underlying essence of the Hefrask sisters changing. From that moment, he had wondered whether Treyanna would end up following the path of other Megrein sorcerers.
Now he believed she would, having taken the first step along that path with the attack on Mabraant. Once the gratifying feeling of complete and decisive victory over one’s enemy was experienced, it was profoundly difficult to resist wanting to taste and feel it again, and again, until it was too late to stop. Treyanna had felt it against the Krelathans, the Jiargeans, and now the Mabraantans. The admiral’s conclusion caused him much concern, so with his mind made up, he had packed his few belongings and set course for Marderas.
Loprass informed his closest friend, Captain Phellex, whom he had recently promoted to Vice Admiral of the Fleet, that he was heading to Breolis Seven to check on the survey team sent there. He then cleverly staged a fake destruction of his yacht using spares and proton torpedoes, ensuring most of the debris burnt up in the atmosphere. He knew he would not have been able to leave freely, so the apparent destruction of his ship gave him the way out, but there was no returning afterward.
He was taking a calculated risk in making direct contact with the Ladorran Republic Senate, but it was one he now believed was essential. Loprass decelerated from lightspeed near Marderas and made contact with the defence authorities advising them who he was. The mention of his name and rank caused much commotion. At first, he was refused landing authority, some insisted he be escorted from the system, and some even recommended destroying his ship while he was still on board. Then Admiral Vatallan heard of his arrival. He had always hoped to meet the infamous Admiral Loprass Jeffron, and promptly overruled all previous orders given.
The rebellious Imperial Admiral waited at the designated coordinates, and then while under close escort by a full squadron of starfighters, flew toward the designated landing site. He was not surprised by the number of soldiers waiting for him to disembark and co-operated without hesitation or complaint.

A short while later, Sorann and Grogaan set their ships down on the main landing pad of the Imperial Palace. The four Guardians made their way through the maze of passageways and corridors to the conference chamber.
The ruling Senate had called yet another meeting to discuss the actions and consequences of what was occurring in the outer region. More Imperial cruisers had arrived in the Solkar Sector, their mere presence threatening the stability of the Republic’s fragile control of the quadrant. Most senators assumed they belonged to another warlord despite Governor Morrawen’s suggestion that they were probably from the Hebradon Empire.
Rosaline sensed Sorann approaching and asked for a short adjournment of the meeting, which was reluctantly approved. She exited the chamber to see the four waiting patiently. After a brief welcome, they entered the Senate chamber.
“Governor Morrawen, this is an official session of the Senate. No unauthorised non-senatorial personnel are permitted, General Taggash being the exception,” said President Jamarosa angrily.
“I know, President. However, you may like to meet the other two people before barring them from this meeting. May I introduce Guardian and fighter pilot Squadron Leader Grogaan Learman, and Guardian and diplomat Ellarna Rayshon, both representatives of Mabraant of the Gaashox Quadrant.”
“Squadron Leader Learman, Miss Rayshon,” said the president bowing his head in greeting, realising that he had already heard of them. “Your presence is welcomed. Please, be seated.”
The president returned to the lectern, while Sorann sat next to Rosaline with Grogaan to one side and Ellarna next to Grogaan.
“I presume you are here because of your knowledge of the Hebradon Empire, Squadron Leader Learman?” asked Jamarosa.
“That is correct, President. The designated name of the Ultimar cruiser is the Vindicator, and the battle cruisers I know of are the Excelsior, Stalker, Endeavour and Gallant,” he answered.
The president turned to his aide. “Have our scouts reported in?”
“Yes President. I’m afraid they only had time to obtain the registry name of the Ultimar cruiser and one standard cruiser before the Imperials deployed fighters to intercept our ships; they were the Vindicator and the Excelsior.”
There was no longer any doubt; the Hebradon Empire had entered the quadrant and intended to do more than just visit. The President cleared his throat. “Senator Rayshon, do you have any information on the rulers of this Hebradon Empire, and how they operate?”
Blaith Rayshon stood and addressed the Senate. He told them everything he knew, their methods, their intents, and their deceit. He spoke of how they manipulated and coerced the leaders of planets using their magic, and generally conquered without aggression. What he spoke of was confirmed by the Fadaran Prince and a senator.
“As far as we understand, of the worlds they have conquered only three have been attacked, Mabraant being one of them. Squadron Leader Learman has been in combat with their forces, maybe he can give us a little more information on their strengths.”
All eyes turned to Grogaan who stood up to speak. He told them of the battle, the forces they faced, their losses, and that he sensed magic was being utilised by the Empress to assist her pilots.
“That situation has occurred before during Baratton’s attacks. It is reported that the Megrein sorcerer Donals Cevaum did the same thing,” added Sorann.
“Maybe he did, but he was a single sorcerer. We now have two to contend with, maybe even more,” said Senator Rayshon.
“There are more than two Senator. From what I have learnt, there are at least a dozen, and I have met one in combat. He was very powerful and was drawing his strength from the dark realm.”
There was a sudden silence in the chamber as those gathered let Grogaan’s statement sink in. Several of the senators then murmured among themselves in disbelief. Circumstances seemed to be going from bad to worse.
Grogaan continued to speak once the senators settled. “The Empress plans the conquests and decides which planets are attacked. The two other worlds conquered by force were Krelath and Jiargeas, both aggressive peoples that would rather die than allow anyone to take their worlds freely. They were hated among most systems of the Gaashox Quadrant. Empress Hefrask knew it would be futile trying to meet with their leaders.”
“How do you know this?” asked the President.
“It’s logical. The two most hated peoples in the quadrant both prey on neighbouring systems, and then along comes a mighty Empire with a vast armada that wipes out their entire fleet. How better to gain favour with the surrounding systems than removing a long-standing problem? As for the Empress making the choices, the sorcerer I engaged in combat revealed facts he didn’t intend to. Dare I say one of the benefits of possessing magical powers?”
“It is obvious from what Squadron Leader Learman has told us that we must ensure we have a large fleet of capital ships and sufficient numbers of starfighters to prevent them from defeating us.”
“That is easier said than done, President,” said Sorann. “Everyone knows the substantial costs involved in building a single squadron of starfighters, let alone several. The Ladorran Republic simply doesn’t have the financial reserves to do so.”
There were more murmurs around the chamber. “What is the current cost of building a new Delta XB1 starfighter,” asked Sorann.
“About two hundred and seventy thousand credits, whereas the latest ZX4 costs around two hundred and thirty thousand. It is substantially more than the Imperial Zilon fighters, which cost around one hundred thousand credits.”
“So why can’t we produce starfighters with lower manufacturing costs?” asked another Senator.
“Ask any fighter pilot who has engaged the Zilon’s. Lower costs mean lower specifications, lower powered lasers, engines and shielding, and no lightspeed capability. It means they are more easily destroyed than our own ships. It is only their superior numbers that account for most of our losses.”
“Firepower and shielding are the key factors,” said Grogaan.
“Care to enlighten us on your meaning Squadron Leader Learman?” asked Jamarosa.
He detailed the weaponry and shield capabilities of their MCIs, and then explained how that gave them a distinct advantage.
“None of our starfighters are equipped with that level of firepower,” said one Senator.
“Pardon me for saying so President, but I would recommend upgrading your stock of fighters in these areas rather than building new ones,” said Grogaan.
Sorann agreed with Grogaan’s recommendation and agreed to discuss it with Admiral Vatallan. The President accepted the argument and recommended further deliberations on the matter at the next meeting. He also requested more details be provided.
While Grogaan was deep in thought, he sensed the guards outside were becoming agitated with another person who was acting in a firm, but polite manner. He was surprised Sorann had not sensed it, and he gave him a gentle nudge to quietly confer with him about it. Sorann agreed it needed attention, and so excused himself from the meeting.
Once outside, Sorann saw an Imperial officer escorted by six armed Ladorran Republic soldiers accompanied by Admiral Vatallan, which immediately suggested the situation was important. “Admiral Vatallan? Why have you brought this Imperial officer here?” he asked, whom he saw was also an Admiral, but one he did not recognise.
“General Taggash, forgive the intrusion, but this Imperial officer is demanding to speak with you and the assembled council.”
“Who is this officer, Admiral?”
The man immediately stood to attention and spoke before Vatallan answered. “General Taggash! It is an honour to meet you at last.”
Sorann looked at the man with curiosity. “You know of me?”
“I do, General. You are the Guardian, or should I say, Teragon Knight that was part of the covert commando team that killed Emperor Belack, ultimately causing the downfall of the Belocian Empire. Pardon my manners,” he said realising he had not introduced himself. “I am Imperial Admiral Loprass Jeffron of the Hebradon Imperial Fleet, former Admiral of the Belocian Imperial Fleet.”
“Admiral Jeffron, yes I remember. You and your fleet disappeared after the battle of Caprosse, a fleet containing the last surviving Ultimar cruiser, the Vindicator.”
“Your memory serves you well, General, but I’m here in an unofficial capacity. I’m no longer an Admiral in the Hebradon fleet and am formerly declaring my defection to the Ladorran Republic forces.”
“I believe this is not a good time to meet the President. He’s currently discussing the arrival of the Hebradon Empire in this quadrant.”
“Very well, General Taggash. I can see my presence would instigate some undesired emotional responses, but I must inform you of certain details, which will aid your forces in resisting the advances of the Empire.”
“I will discuss the details with you in my office once the Council meeting is over. I shouldn’t be too long.” Sorann turned to face Vatallan. “Admiral, do you wish to join us in my office, or debrief Admiral Jeffron afterward?”
“After will be fine,” agreed Vatallan. “It will be interesting talking with you, Jeffron.” The latter nodded his agreement.
“Lieutenant, escort Admiral Jeffron to my office and wait for us.”
“Yes General,” he answered.
“Thank you, General Taggash,” said Jeffron saluting.
Sorann returned to the meeting just as the President was suggesting they send ambassadors to the systems in the Solkar and Beraston sectors, primarily to the ones closest to those occupied by the Empire. It was of paramount importance to warn them of the threat, and at Sorann’s suggestion, the Senate agreed to send Guardians.
Jamarosa also requested full details on the composition of the Republican fleet, and what could be spared if deployment to the sectors became necessary. With all matters voted on and agreed, the Senate meeting was concluded.
Back in Sorann’s office and under the guard of six Republican security officers, Admiral Jeffron waited patiently for the Guardian to arrive. He stood to attention and greeted Sorann and his friends the moment they entered.
Sorann first introduced Squadron Leader Grogaan Learman of the Mabraant Defence Force, and was about to introduce the others when he was interrupted.
The Admiral’s surprise at the mention of Mabraant was obvious to all in the room. “Squadron Leader Learman! The commander of Kopaz Squadron, I presume?”
“The same, Admiral,” replied Grogaan.
“I commend you and your squadron on your tenacity and skill.”
Grogaan thanked the Admiral for the compliment, and then introduced the others. With the formalities out of the way, everyone sat as Deanna arranged for some refreshments to be brought.
“General Taggash, this young man and his colleagues have cost the Empire a considerable fortune in lost starfighters, and two Hendara battle cruisers. If all your pilots are as skilful as they, you should not have too many problems resisting the fleet.” Before anyone was able to comment, the Admiral continued. “Now, I think you should know if you do not already, the way in which the Hebradon Empire carries out its conquests.
He confirmed all that had been revealed and some additional information that would prove very useful, including fleet composition and strength. When they had finished, Jeffron was escorted to Vatallan’s office for full debriefing. Sorann then contacted several of the Guardians to ascertain their availability for the diplomatic missions. A couple were already close enough to some of the systems in the relevant sector and agreed to travel there directly. Sorann and Deanna decided they would fly to the Safkar system, Grogaan and Ellarna to the Da’Aranban System. Shaqua was uninhabited so that would be left alone, but there were two other systems that were relatively close, Thofth, and Paftha.
Being a senator’s daughter, Ellarna had already developed excellent diplomatic skills, but together with her Guardian abilities, made her the perfect choice for Da’Aranb. It was a fairly remote system about mid way into the outer region of the quadrant, but was now also situated closest to the border of the Hebradon Empire making it the most vulnerable target.





Chapter Seventeen

Marderas, Madera System, Manora Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Before Grogaan left for his training, he had suggested that Zaack became acting Squadron Leader in his absence. All members of the squadron agreed with it, so Zaack had relented and accepted. He was quite relieved when Grogaan returned, and immediately rescinded the position. Then after returning from their trip to Mabraant and Grogaan going back to complete his training, Zaack resumed the role of Squadron Leader with a little less reluctance.
The first couple of weeks after returning from Mabraant were quite stressful for Kopaz Squadron. Parrin, who had been exceptionally well controlled in mood and temperament, became disillusioned and impatient. Having his family around helped, but he desperately wanted to do more than just help the Republican forces. On a few occasions when the tension rose too high, Doraant was unable to contain his anger and frustration at Parrin’s attitude and behaviour, the latter reacting in his usual manner. The result was inevitable: A physical confrontation in which Parrin fared the worst.
Zaack understood why Parrin felt the way he did, but he did not agree with, nor was he prepared to tolerate his lack of patience or self-control. The third time Parrin lost his temper, Zaack finally had enough and gave him an ultimatum; change his attitude or be kicked off the squadron. The threat, which Parrin knew was a serious one, shook him to the core and made him realise he had forgotten his promise to Grogaan. He promptly apologised and promised to change. At Joeen’s suggestion, he took a week off and spent the time with his family. On his return, the others noticed a definite change in his demeanour.
Meanwhile, the three Jestungans, who still felt uncomfortable with their position, had been discussing where their future lay. A whole new world had opened up for them thanks to Grogaan, and it was one they would make the most of. There was no doubt in their minds that destiny had only brought them together with Kopaz Squadron to do only what they had done so far. They knew their future involvement in the Ladorran Quadrant had more to do with the future of the Teragon Knights than Grogaan’s.
There was still much to learn about the ancient Order, and they knew the time had come for them to go their own way. Jedrool knew without doubt their paths would cross again one day, but when and where in the galaxy he had no idea. He went to speak with Zaack and explained. Although Zaack was not surprised, he did invite them to become full members of the squadron. Despite the offer and the apparent full acceptance of the nine pilots, the Jestungan still declined.
Zaack did not truly understand, but accepted it, and the two groups separated on good terms. Kopaz Squadron had shrunk back to nine, but it no longer felt complete. Zaack felt it the most, and did not feel comfortable in command. It was not right, not as it was supposed to be, and would never be until Grogaan was back, but Zaack also knew that might never happen now. The young man had never felt so lost, so alone, so depressed. He felt way out of his depth, and believed the squadron would break up unless Grogaan returned.
The week following the Jestungans departure was even quieter than the previous ones, so with little to do the pilots became very edgy and tensions began rising again. As each day passed,e` Zaack was becoming more disconsolate, and even the burgeoning relationships between certain people were becoming strained. Zaack spoke with Group Captain Vergam, but he was only able to get them the occasional escort mission. Most missions suited to their skills were not ones Zaack felt comfortable embarking on.
With little chance of engaging troublesome pirates, raiders or other such forces, the squadron was becoming disconsolate and angry. Zaack made a radical decision, which the others agreed with. If they had not heard from Grogaan in the next three days, they would fly to Piserron to speak with him in person. They would then return to Breolis Seven and begin a campaign of guerrilla warfare against the Empire, with or without him. The Mabraantans cared little if they died or not: They just wanted to make some payback.
Grogaan and Ellarna arrived back on Marderas the day after the decision was made. Zaack was both relieved and disappointed when he saw his friend, who had only completed six months of training. They had expected it to last much longer, and so did not raise their hopes of him staying very long.
After leaving the Senate with Ellarna, Grogaan knew he had little time before having to leave for Da’Aranb, so he felt he owed it to his friends to spend a little time with them. He went to find them while Ellarna went to see her parents. The others were overjoyed to see him, but were immediately concerned when Grogaan took Zaack into the office. The two talked about the past few months, the problems, the pleasures and concerns, before rejoining the others and heading off to the nearest cantina for a drink.
It was obvious to Grogaan that all members of Kopaz Squadron were now good friends, all differences put behind them, and was pleased to hear about Parrin’s change of behaviour. He was disappointed, but unsurprised when Zaack told him the Jestungans had left, believing fate was guiding them elsewhere. He always knew the three would eventually leave to follow their own path. The prophecy was in motion, and whoever was involved was going to follow the path set for them whether they liked it or not.
Time was passing quickly and Grogaan knew he still had much to do. “Listen friends, I’m looking forward to spending more time with you in the near future. I just need you to be patient and wait a little longer.”
The others knew what was coming next; he was leaving them again.
“There’s an important diplomatic mission the Republic has asked me and Ellarna to undertake. The Hebradon Empire has now begun its conquest of the outer regions of this quadrant.”
“What? Damn that Empress. Ain’t she satisfied with the whole of the Gaashox Quadrant?” said Parrin, and then felt guilty about the outburst. Nobody disagreed with him. They even muttered their support, much to Parrin’s relief. “It’s time Grogaan, time we did something more to teach her she cannot continue taking what ain’t hers.”
“I agree with you on that Parrin, and I certainly want to start making her pay for what she’s done, but I’m afraid it’ll have to wait a bit longer. When I get back, we can start pressurising the Ladorran Republic to act before they begin to suffer. Then maybe we can take the fight back home.”
The pilots’ mood was raised considerably at what Grogaan said. They knew it was going to be extremely tough, dangerous, and there was a very high probability that some of them would not survive to see Mabraant freed from Imperial rule. It was a small price to pay, was one they were willing to incur if it succeeded.
Both Joeen and Lusiana remained unusually quiet, and Grogaan knew there was something bothering them. He glanced at Joeen several times and sensed there was something different about her. Gone was the overwhelming sense of sadness and distress over her feelings that she had tried so hard to deny.
He sensed the underlying attraction she still held for him, but also that her feelings for Doraant had not increased very much. It was much the same as it had been for months, neither of them really wanting to get too serious. Grogaan knew there was something holding the relationship back, and felt that it was Joeen’s inability to let go of her infatuation. He did not know Joeen was trying hard to do that, but was finding it harder than she ever thought possible. He wondered if his being away would help matters. Despite his desire and need to return to his squadron, Grogaan decided he would spend time meditating on the situation and seriously consider staying away longer than he intended.
His thoughts were disturbed by Eldaan asking if they could accompany him on the mission. He explained that the mission was a very delicate one that needed careful diplomacy if they were to succeed. His friends did not like it, but knew they were unable to do anything about it. Their time was coming and that was sufficient for them, for now.
However, events about to unfold were going to irrevocably alter the future for many individuals.

Grogaan and Ellarna were soon on their way to the Da’Aranban System. From his calculations, the journey would take them approximately thirty-two hours. Ellarna, who was strapped into the co-pilots seat smiled at him. “On our own again at last,” she said happily. She unbuckled the straps, swivelled round to face him and smiled, her eyes sparkling with delight.
“You appear to be very happy,” he said.
“Why shouldn’t I be? I’m with the man I love, alone, and there’s nobody to disturb us. Aren’t you?”
“Of course I am,” he said smiling. “How could I not be with you here?”
“How long do we have alone?” she asked suggestively.
“About thirty-two hours, so we have plenty of time to ourselves.”





Chapter Eighteen

Hiastora Two, Hiastor system, Beraston Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

“Commander, over here!” shouted one of the soldiers.
Commander Iendalla walked over to where the soldier was squatting. He had located the small shrine marking the entrance to the underground complex. “Alright soldier, let’s open it up.”
Once opened, two soldiers switched on their glowlamps and disappeared inside. They checked the room before dropping to the floor, and then went to the door in the corner. They followed Squadron Leader Learman’s instructions and the door to the second room opened. One of the soldiers took up a defensive posture.
“You’re a little nervous aren’t you, Pedrom?” said Fallon.
“No harm in that is there? After all, you’ve heard stories of terrible things lurking in places like these.”
“Yes, but we’ve been told there’s nothing down here.”
“So! That Squadron Leader Learman is a trained Guardian. He does have an advantage over us. Besides, he only went as far as the fourth room. That doesn’t mean there’s nothing down here that can open the doors and be waiting for us.”
“I see your point. Come on, let’s get that power generator operating and get some light in this place.”
Checking the data, one of the soldiers pulled the appropriate lever and the power generator started. Once the lights were at full intensity, they continued to open the doors to the third and fourth chambers. Once satisfied all was clear, Pedrom activated the hand comm unit to report all was secure.
The commander descended into the complex, closely followed by the other members of the research team, leaving four soldiers on guard outside. The systems officer sat down at one of the terminals in the third room and attempted to activate the system, while the scientist began analysing the equipment in the fourth. Commander Iendalla and two soldiers opened the door to the fifth room and conducted a thorough sweep of the underground complex.
“Hey Fenser, I don’t like the look of that equipment in the fourth room,” said Yarantass.
“Why’s that?”
“Well, it looks identical to what we found in the Imperial Centre, and that was used for mind manipulation.”
“Sounds very sinister if you ask me.” Fenser continued typing some coding into the computer. Some selection options appeared on the screen. “Hey! Now we’re finally getting somewhere.”
“Getting where Fenser?”
“I’ve broken the security encryption codes. Now we can see what’s in here.” For the next two hours Fenser accessed dozens of files and revealed a lot of useful information. He was scanning through those files when one with a different format caught his eye, so he set about cracking the access code. He was lucky. After several minutes the file opened. “Hey! This looks interesting,” he muttered to himself.
“What looks interesting?”
Fenser called him over and they scanned the data as he scrolled through the pages of information.
“Stop there a moment.” Yarantass bent closer toward the screen. “There!” he pointed. “It’s about that equipment in the other chamber.”
The two men read with rapt interest. “I knew it was for something bad. Let’s get this lot downloaded onto microdisks for further analysis back at base.”
Fenser downloaded everything accessible, and then perused through more of those for which he had broken the encryption codes. Recalling the file that contained details of how the equipment in the fourth room worked, he read through it again slowly. He stopped at one paragraph and read it again more carefully. He then called out to Yarantass asking him if there were any coloured gems near the unit.
The scientist checked and confirmed there were four red ones, then asked why. He was promptly told to make sure they were safe so that they could not get broken by accident, and then to come and read the data he highlighted. Yarantass reappeared beside Fenser asking what was so important about the gems.
“According to this file, they contain the soul of a Megrein sorcerer. The people who lived here used that equipment to transfer the spirit from an individual into the gems. Then they could transfer it from the gems into another individual when the appropriate candidate was available.”
Yarantass screwed his face in disgust. “That sounds evil.”
“The principal subjects used in the process were Guardians, but they also used those who simply displayed any ability in the use of magic. When members of their own colony reached a great age and were near death, or those they had captured, their spirit along with the magical essence they possessed, were transferred into the gems. Once that had been carried out, it could then be transferred into younger members of the colony. The purpose was to try and spread the sensitivity to the realm’s power through the whole colony gradually creating a race of super beings.”
Yarantass felt repulsed at the idea. “So what happens if they get smashed?”
“That’s the real spooky part. According to this, the spirit within the gem is able to seek out and penetrate the body of the nearest living conscious being. Somehow it can determine whether a being is adept in magic or not, and is able to select the one in preference to the other.”
Yarantass looked concerned. “There are two smashed gems in that room,” he said and received a questioning look from Fenser. “It wasn’t any of us. I’m sure they were broken before we got in here.”
“What colour were they?”
Yarantass returned to the other room, looked carefully at the shattered pieces of gem on the floor and then returned to Fenser. “They were green.”
The younger man glanced at the file on the computer. He relocated the passage he had seen earlier about previous experiments performed, and both read it carefully. According to the data, there should have been four red and four green gems. Yarantass confirmed there were four red ones, but only two green.
“In that case, we must find out if those gems were smashed before Squadron Leader Learman entered, and whether the other two green gems were here or not.”
“Shouldn’t take too long, that’s if he’s still on Marderas.”
“Well, I’ve finished here. All data discs are full. You seen the Commander anywhere?”
Yarantass shook his head. “He’s probably still exploring the complex. You know what he’s like. Everything has to be done correctly and perfectly.”
Fenser agreed. He and the scientist gathered the few items they had brought with them and waited for the Commander to return.

Iendalla and the soldiers returned an hour later, having mapped the entire complex and catalogued everything as they went. Apart from the one dead creature in the fourth room, they found no other signs of life. It proved to be an extremely large complex with sixty-four rooms, comprising living quarters, communal areas, and storage areas, some of which contained large amounts of equipment and supplies. They also discovered a small hangar area at the centre of the complex, which had two chutes angled toward the ceiling, terminating at hydraulically operated doors.
“You two enjoying your relaxation time?” asked Iendalla.
“Just waiting for you, Commander; we’re finished here,” said Fenser shutting down the computer system.
“We’ve got all the information we need, what about you?”
“There’s an awful lot of data on that computer, far too much to analyse here, so I’ve downloaded everything that might be useful, and more.”
The Commander nodded, and then led the way out of the complex back onto the planet’s surface and the cool sweet smelling fresh air.
“Commander, I need to contact Squadron Leader Learman or General Taggash as soon as possible,” said Fenser.
“Anything I can deal with?”
“Not unless you know whether or not the gems we found in the fourth room were smashed before or after Squadron Leader Learman entered the complex, Sir.”
The Commander turned toward the soldiers who entered the complex first, and asked them if they knew anything. They confirmed the gems were smashed before they entered the chamber. Iendalla continued walking. “In that case Fenser, you had better contact Squadron Leader Learman or General Taggash as soon as we revert back to sub-lightspeed at Marderas.”
At Lieutenant Fenser’s request, Iendalla agreed to travel to Piserron and make contact from there. Once they were on their way to Piserron, the three officers viewed more of the files Fenser had accessed, trying to find any clues about who built the complex. They learnt little about the builders or where they had originated from, but they did uncover another purpose of the complex. It appeared to be a forward staging base for seeking out new worlds for colonisation. When they arrived at Piserron, Fenser and Iendalla disembarked and headed for the main complex.
Willaros, who was waiting outside the main entrance for them, greeted the two officers and led them to the communications room. He explained they had a direct link to the Imperial Palace, and then showed the Lieutenant the appropriate transmission code. The officer activated the hypernet system and faced the hypernet cam, feeling very apprehensive about the news he had to relay.

Governor Morrawen was feeling very tired and was not in the best of moods; the day had been very demanding both physically and mentally. She had just finished an important report and was heading out of her office hoping to take a short break when the comm unit bleeped. She sighed lightly, returned to her desk and switched on the system. The comms officer, Gerast, apologised for disturbing her and explained that Lieutenant Fenser was asking to speak with her urgently.
Rosaline headed for the main communications room. As she entered she saw the image of two Ladorran Republic officers on the screen, one of whom she recognised. Even an image of that size showed that he was looking troubled. It did not bode well, and she became concerned about his reason for contacting her.
“Lieutenant Fenser, what can I do for you?”
“Good day to you Governor Morrawen.” He introduced the major and then apologised for disturbing the Governor. “Gerast informed me that both Squadron Leader Learman and General Taggash are off planet, but I must speak with one of them urgently.”
“The only way they can be contacted is by subspace transmission.” Fenser cursed quietly under his breath. “Is it anything I can deal with?” she asked pensively.
“Not unless you have a quicker way of contacting them,” he said despondently.
“If it’s that urgent . . . where are you now?”
“We’re on Piserron.”
“In that case, I suggest you travel to the Da’Aranban System yourself. Squadron Leader Learman should still be there when you arrive.”
“I will need authorisation, Governor,” said Iendalla.
“You have it Major. I will inform Command Headquarters.”
“Thank you, Governor. We’ll leave immediately.” Iendalla bowed and terminated the hypernet link.
“Well Fenser, what are you hanging around here for? We have orders, let’s get to it!”





Chapter Nineteen

Cassen System, Solkar Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Treyanna Hefrask was meditating in her private quarters when Kopranton entered. He waited until the Empress opened her eyes before speaking. “You wished to see me, Mistress?”
“Yes, I did. We’ll be heading for the Da’Aranban System in a few days. I would like you to select your team and prepare for a little mission on the principle planet Da’Aranb.”
“Yes Mistress. I’ll use the same team and cover as before. Our methods are unknown here, so it should be relatively straight forward.”
“Good. Soon we’ll be the most powerful Empire to have ever existed, and you will be well rewarded for your service and loyalty.”
“Thank you, but you have rewarded me much already.”
“A means to an end my friend, a means to an end.”
The Krelathan bowed and then returned to the lounge to find Sharana, an apprentice who had shown competent skills in mind manipulation. He then contacted Deerak and Porta to meet them in the lounge where he briefed them on the mission requirements. As the time for deployment approached, he and his three accomplices boarded the Lasscond’, a Fadaran LP2 civilian pleasure yacht, and waited for the clearance to depart.
Clearance was given, the small ship left the Vindicator and headed for Da’Aranb. It was the same one they had used on all previous covert missions, and ideal for sending agents on such ventures. Soon, the Empress would have full details on the inhabitants, their strengths and weaknesses, and how they regard the Ladorran Republic. Most importantly of all, they would have partially manipulated senators.
Twenty-eight hours after leaving the command ship, the yacht arrived at the main port in the principle city. Kopranton turned to face his three companions and told them that they were to avoid drawing attention to their presence. They understood.
Sharana and Deerak would scout the west and north of the city, while Kopranton and Porta would take the south and east. Using his magical power to mask their identity and presence, Sharana and Deerak left first, vanishing into the city without being seen. Kopranton and Porta left several minutes later.
The two teams made their way along the streets and market places, stopping at the occasional stall to peruse the goods and ask about the various religions worshiped on the planet. They also asked where they may purchase religious artefacts, and when the various shrines or temples would be open for visiting. This way they would be able to learn something about the people that would benefit their purpose.
Kopranton and Porta entered one of the busy cantinas where talk was often unguarded. After purchasing some drinks, they chose a table against the wall, but as near to the centre of the cantina as possible. A tall stocky humanoid approached the two newcomers.
“I couldn’t help overhearing that you’re seeking to purchase religious artefacts. I may be of some assistance to you,” he offered.
“That will depend on where they come from, and how much you’re asking.” replied Kopranton.
“I know of many collectors and traders who deal in such items from all over the galaxy, and I’m sure they would have something of interest to you,” said the stranger.
Sensing this man was of dubious character, Kopranton believed he could learn something useful from him. He used his magic to probe deep into the man’s mind, and then began to manipulate him. He planted ideas and memories that were not his own, including a false belief that he knew Kopranton.
“We would prefer to remain free of any entanglements with Republican officials.”
“That’s not a problem.” The stranger cocked his head sideways. “Don’t I know you from somewhere?”
“I believe we’ve met once before. It was on Paftha about a year ago. Don’t you remember? I purchased that Paftharak golden orb from you.”
The man frowned while he thought. “Now I remember. Yes, you did. I also introduced you to a colleague who sold you some religious scrolls.”
Kopranton nodded. His manipulation had worked. Now he would probe for other important snippets of information. He sensed a degree of resentment toward the Ladorran Republic. He was angry at losing trading contracts with the wealthy Belocian Empire that once ruled the quadrant. He also had a low opinion of the Ladorran Republic, and its inability to prevent hostility between systems and invading forces, which impacted on his business.
Kopranton smiled. He knew this individual was going to prove very useful. When the man indicated he would have something of value for them, they arranged to meet back at the cantina at about twenty-one hundred hours. The two left the cantina and continued with their task.
“Something puzzles me; why did he think he remembered you?” asked Porta as they stepped out into the street.
“That’s because of a little trick our Empress taught me.”
“Impressive. Where to next?”
“To where the government building is located I think.”
The two walked casually through the city streets looking for the building. After asking the way several times, the two arrived at their destination about twenty minutes later. For the next half an hour, they wandered around the gardens listening carefully to people’s conversations. Kopranton used his magic to sense who and what was around, and if any of the people had useful information tucked away in their minds. Now he realised why Treyanna had spent so long teaching him these abilities.
The following day was bright and warm, and the two Imperials resumed their sinister task. Most of what they learnt was useless, but occasionally something of value would be gleaned. Then, on the second morning, he learnt something that might cause some disruption to their plans.

***

The journey to Da’Aranb passed without problem or incident. Grogaan and Ellarna spent much of their time talking about their experiences from early childhood. They learnt as much about each other as they could, and also talked about the difficulties Grogaan had been through. It had been hard for him to divulge certain aspects, but he welcomed the chance to talk about it seriously. He felt a sense of intense relief having done so, and he felt so much closer to Ellarna. The bond between them was growing stronger in proportion to the unity and love they shared.
It was early morning Coordinated Galactic Time, and mid afternoon on Da’Aranb when the Ellarna Star decelerated from lightspeed. Ellarna had just awoken, but Grogaan was already in the flight cabin, alert and ready for trouble.
“Good morning sweetheart. Have we arrived?” she asked rubbing her eyes and yawning.
“We have, and we should be in their sensor range in a few minutes.”
She bent down and kissed him. “I had better go and get refreshed then.”

The Da’Aranb controllers registered the ship on their sensors and informed the controller immediately. “Sir, we have an incoming ship. Make and id is not in the central ship registry.”
“Thank you Da’An.” Commander Pa’Asdan took the seat next to the man at the sensor station and opened a comm channel. “Incoming ship Ellarna Star, identify yourself and your reason for entering the Da’Aranban System.”
“Da’Aranb Control, I am Squadron Leader Grogaan Learman, Guardian and representative of the Ladorran Republic. I’m on a diplomatic mission for the Republican Senate and request an audience with your Governor.”
“Permission to land is granted. We’ll transmit landing co-ordinates, and inform the Governor of your request.”
Governor La’Astor was lounging in his private quarters when his aide entered. “What is it Te’Endsa?” he asked. It was supposed to be his free afternoon with no planned meetings or visits. He had hoped to spend some time indulging in one of his favourite pastimes: Gardening.
“I am sorry to disturb you Governor, Commander Pa’Asdan wishes to speak with you.” Te’Endsa saw the disappointment in the Governor’s eyes, and felt grieved for having disturbed him.
La’Astor got up from his armchair and went to the comm unit in the outer room, sighing heavily. “Commander Pa’Asdan, I trust you have good reason for disturbing me on my free afternoon?” he said frowning.
The Commander saw the frown clearly on the comm screen. “I apologise for interrupting you Governor, and yes, I do have good reason. There’s a ship from the Ladorran Republic arriving and they are requesting an audience with you.”
The Governor sighed again. “Did they say what it was regarding?”
“No, they didn’t, Governor, but Squadron Leader Learman did say he is a Guardian.”
“Did he now? That’s interesting. Very well, tell them I’ll meet with them.” He switched off the comm unit and called his aide.
“Yes Governor,” she answered.
“I’m expecting important guests; please prepare my audience room and have some Sa’Asteen wine available for them.”
Te’Endsa had been the Governor’s aide for about ten years. She was a tall slim lady, always dressed elegantly, was extremely polite, and very efficient. She had proven her worth on countless occasions, and the Governor still marvelled at her ability to remain calm and unruffled in any situation.
He was also intrigued by the arrival of the Guardian. It had been such a long time since one last visited Da’Aranb, and it was something he thought he would not see again in his lifetime. His father had told him how honourable the Guardians had once been. He also told of how angry many races were at the atrocities performed by Emperor Belack and his sorcerer aides upon the Guardians and the people of the Ladorran Quadrant. Now it was a time of rebuilding their presence and restoring their honour and reputation, and he was looking forward to meeting one of those who would be part of that process.

Grogaan set the approach vector for the principal landing port, which was situated not far from the government buildings. Da’Aranb looked a very beautiful place, mountainous regions, seas, lakes and lush green plains.
“You should see this Ellarna. It’s almost as beautiful as Mabraant.”
“They gave us clearance to land then?” she said entering the flight cabin.
“They did, and an audience with the Governor.”
“Well, it’s down to business then.” Ellarna sat in the co-pilot’s chair for the final leg of the journey.
The two Guardians disembarked from their ship and were greeted by a short stocky man accompanied by four security guards. Once their identities were confirmed, he told them to follow him. Grogaan and Ellarna gazed at each other, shrugged their shoulders and followed him. Once inside the government building, they were led into to a large reception room, where they waited patiently. After a short wait, a tall woman wearing a long pale-yellow dress entered. Her face was slightly tanned, accentuated by her fair coloured hair.
“I apologise for the delay. The Governor will see you shortly,” she said politely and although she spoke quietly, there was an air of confidence in her voice.
As they stood, Grogaan sensed this was no ordinary woman; she possessed a very calm and peaceful aura. He wondered if she was adept in magic, or whether her trait was a common ability among female Da’Aranbans.
“If you would kindly follow me,” she said, and led them through two doors and into a circular room.
There were three glasses, a tall glass decanter containing a pale green fluid, and a dish of orange and purple ovoid shaped fruits on the table. Grogaan had been drawing upon his magic ever since landing, enabling him to be influenced solely by the astral realm and not himself. He sensed the presence of several beings in rooms adjacent to the one they were now in, but it was this woman that intrigued him.
Grogaan sensed the peace and calmness she projected, excelled that which could be regarded as normal for Da’Aranbans. He knew there was something about her that was very different, and sensed it was linked to an event from her past.
“If you would please wait here, Governor La’Astor will not keep you waiting long.”
She looked at Grogaan inquisitively and smiled, then turned to walk away. He gazed at the woman curiously when he felt her mind touch his. As she opened the door she paused momentarily. He heard her voice clearly in his mind asking him for help. ‘What could be wrong and why would she need my help?’ he wondered. There appeared to be nothing amiss with her, no anxiety, stress, worry or fears. There was, however, a deep feeling of concern over something that was causing her some mental grief. ‘Very intriguing,’ he thought.
Ellarna tuned her head and looked at Grogaan. “What is it?”
“I’m not sure. It’s just a feeling, but I can’t determine exactly what.”
Before he had any time to ponder the situation, the Governor entered the room. “Ah! Good day to you both, I’m so pleased to meet you,” he said jovially.
Grogaan was taken aback by the apparent good humour of the Governor and returned the greeting and then presented Ellarna.
The Governor indicated for them to sit. To their surprise, the Governor remained standing while he poured some of the pale green fluid into the glasses. He saw their surprise and explained. “It has been a long time since this world has been honoured by the presence of a Guardian, and now we have two as guests: That is why I pour the drinks. Te’Endsa, my aide, would usually have done so.” He offered them a glass. “It’s Sa’Asteen wine from Da’Antab, the second inhabitable planet in our system. I do hope you enjoy it.”
The Mabraantans thanked the Governor and then complemented him on his choice of wine. “It is a fine wine indeed, Governor,” said Grogaan.
“Before we discuss the reason for your visit, please, if you don’t object, I’m intrigued by your home world. I’ve never heard of Mabraant. Is it far?”
“It’s about five days travel at lightspeed from here, beyond your outer region in the neighbouring Gaashox Quadrant.”
“That’s some distance, and it explains why I’ve not heard of it. The Gaashox Quadrant,” he said curiously, “so there’s more out there than we believed. Outside the Ladorran Quadrant, yet you say you are representing the Ladorran Republic?”
“That’s correct Governor. Miss Rayshon here and several senators from our world journeyed to Marderas on diplomatic business. I followed later with some of my colleagues.”
“Ah, I see. Forgive me for asking?”
“Think nothing of it Governor. News doesn’t always travel fast if it’s not bad news.”
The Governor agreed with Grogaan’s comment. “Now then, if you would be so kind to tell me the purpose of your visit? It must be important to send two Guardians.” The Governor sat back in his chair and relaxed.
“That depends on one’s point of view. As far as we’re concerned, yes, it is extremely important. I don’t know whether you’ve heard, but several days ago, four of your neighbouring systems were, shall I say, conquered by an invading Empire.”
The Governor bolted upright, shocked at the dreadful news. “Conquered?” he said filled with concern.
“Don’t be too alarmed Governor. They did not use aggression to achieve their success, but a passive approach that is very effective.”
La’Astor looked even more perplexed. “You say they were conquered, but not by aggressive force?” He thought a moment on how that could be. “That is very hard to believe, but please forgive my outburst. Please continue.”
“The invading force is the reason why the few of us from Mabraant are now within the Ladorran Republic acting as ambassadors.”
Now things were becoming clear to the Governor. “They conquered your home system as well didn’t they?”
Grogaan briefly explained what had happened in the Gaashox Quadrant, who the invading force was, and that they were now encroaching on the Ladorran Quadrant. The Governor’s expression dropped. It appeared that no world in the galaxy had not heard of the evil done by the followers of Megrein, and had grown to hate the very name. He then explained how they operated and deceived the governors and senators of the worlds they planned to conquer.
The Governor, who was disturbed by what he heard, called for his aide. When she arrived, he asked about the strangers that had arrived on the planet a few days ago. Not much was known about them, but they were claiming to be religious pilgrims on a journey of discovery and were searching for religious artefacts and scrolls.
When dismissed, Te’Endsa walked gracefully out of the room, watched discreetly by Grogaan, who remained puzzled about her.
“They are Imperial sorcerers whose intention is far from religious. I believe they were assessing the strengths and weaknesses of your society, and would manipulate those with whom they are allowed to meet. It is imperative they are not allowed to meet personally with you or any of your senators,” said Grogaan.
Governor La’Astor looked at Grogaan curiously. “They did request an audience yesterday, but I was unable to fit them into my schedule. They gave the impression they were sorely disappointed at not being able to meet with me, so I doubt they would have left yet. I will get Commander Pa’Asdan to keep them under surveillance.”
“I don’t think they will stay long once they realise their movements are being scrutinised,” said Grogaan.
“I would like to say how grateful I am for you coming here to warn us of this Hebradon Empire.”
“We’re simply doing what we believe is right.”
“Nevertheless, I am grateful. In the meantime, you are our honoured guests and will be treated as such. Would you care for a tour of our beautiful city?”
“That would be delightful,” replied Ellarna.
“First we must arrange somewhere for you to stay. You will be staying for a day or two, won’t you?” he asked.
“Of course we will. It would be most discourteous of us not to accept your hospitality.”
“In that case, I will take you to our famous To’Osganz Palace, where all our important guests reside while here on Da’Aranb.”
They left the Governor’s residence and walked slowly through his private gardens, which were filled with countless varieties of plants he had collected over the years. Te’Endsa appeared just as they stopped to admire a flower Ellarna thought most beautiful. She told the Governor that Commander Pa’Asdan confirmed the visitors were still on the planet.
“There’s something about their presence here that concerns me,” said Grogaan as he sensed a warning from the astral realm. He looked at his companion who appeared as concerned as he was. There was more than coincidence to the Imperial’s appearance on this particular planet at this precise moment in time. The astral realm had unusual ways of guiding those who were receptive to its influence, and now was no exception. Grogaan’s mind drifted momentarily as his visions came back to haunt him.
“Are you alright Grogaan?” inquired Ellarna. “You seem distracted.”
Grogaan shook his head gently, “It’s nothing. Just something I remembered, but it’s not important.”
Ellarna knew he was not telling all, and guessed it was linked to his visions, and to the feelings they had just experienced.
La’Astor saw the expressions of concern on his guests’ faces. He turned to face Te’Endsa. “Would you go and inform the Commander to keep watch for anything suspicious, and that nobody in a position of authority should approach them.”
“Yes Governor.” Before leaving she looked inquisitively at Grogaan.
Grogaan looked at her as he sensed her gazing at him, and heard her plea once more. He would have to meet with her sometime to find out what her problem was. ‘Later!’ he thought and through his magic, implanted the word into her mind.
She smiled discreetly before leaving.
Ellarna sensed what was going on and agreed that they should meet with her.
The To’Osganz Palace was a very old building that was once owned by the Da’Aranban Royal Family, but for the past fifty years had served as a hotel, restaurant, and casino. The two Guardians were given adjoining rooms on the top floor, which were usually reserved for the most important and wealthy guests. Ellarna suggested less palatial rooms, but the Governor would not hear of it, so they relented.
Da’Aranb was in its summer season so it was extremely warm, but every building had efficient air conditioning keeping them more comfortable. The rooms they were provided with were opulent and beautifully decorated, the finest they had ever had the pleasure of seeing. After settling in, the two Guardians changed into something a little more suitable for the rest of the day. Having some time to relax, Grogaan accompanied Ellarna on a walk around the hotel and garden area. They were astounded by the diversity of plants in such a small place. Each plant was positioned carefully to enhance those nearby, and all were perfectly maintained.
A little while later, and at Grogaan’s suggestion, the two dined at the hotel restaurant, which was as opulent as the guest rooms. They chose a table to the side of the dining room where it was quiet, enabling them to talk without being overheard. Their meal arrived quickly, and as they were savouring the highly-flavoured food, Grogaan gazed out of the window when he sensed something unusual.
Ellarna noticed his puzzled expression and sensed his alarm. “What’s wrong?”
“I’m sure I sensed the presence of someone nearby who was drawing on the realm’s power.”
“Could you have been mistaken?”
“No, it was definitely one trained in the arts.”
“I suspect there are some people who are adept in the art but choose to keep it secret. Let it not spoil our time together now,” pleaded Ellarna.
“Of course not,” he said taking hold of her hand smiling, “but we’ll have to check it out later.”
Ellarna sighed but understood the importance of doing so.

***

Kopranton was passing the To’Osganz Palace on his way back to his lodgings when he felt a strange sensation that made him shudder. He concentrated hard for a moment trying to sense what had caused it. To his horror he sensed the presence of two Guardians, both of whom were strong and powerful. He rushed away from the area and headed back to the ship to report, knowing Empress Treyanna would need to hear about this. He opened a secure comm channel directly to her personal quarters on the Vindicator.
Sulienna, Treyanna’s new aide answered the call, immediately transferred the connection to the bridge, and the senior communications officer relayed the message to the Empress. He stood quietly and patiently when he reached the Empress, who was busy conversing with her sister.
“What is it?” demanded Treyanna.
“I apologise for disturbing you, Ma’am, but Imperial Governor Kopranton wishes to speak with you urgently.”
“Thank you,” she said, and then strolled casually to the comm unit. Treyanna was feeling very tense for some reason; something was not right. She felt a strong disturbance, a ripple in the fabric of the astral realm and was worried.
She opened the secure channel. “Kopranton, my good friend, what troubles you?” She knew her trusted disciple would only contact her if it was urgent, but it was very early for him to report in, which added to her growing frustration.
“Mistress, I thought you would like to know that two trained Guardians have arrived on Da’Aranb. What would you like us to do?”
The moment her favourite disciple mentioned Guardians, Treyanna knew what had caused the disturbance. This was a most unfortunate development. “We will have to dispose of them,” she said without having to consider it. “They will probably disrupt our plans for drawing the Da’Aranb System into our clutches. That’s something we cannot allow at such a delicate stage in our conquest.”
“Do you have a preference to the method of elimination?”
“Any way that’s possible, provided it cannot be traced back to our Imperial forces. It must appear as if someone from Da’Aranb committed the crime.”
“I understand,” said Kopranton.
Treyanna turned and walked back to the main viewport to think. She sometimes found standing on the bridge quite comforting and stimulating. Her senses reacted to the tension and concerns prevalent in the crew. It also increased her awareness of her surroundings and receptivity to the realm’s influence. There was something about these Guardians that troubled her.
Her sister sensed it but said nothing. It was better to leave her to think without interruption. Roweyna became concerned as she too sensed the disturbance. It was the same sensations she had experienced in the Mabraant System, and yet was unable to fathom how and why it felt so. She had a strange premonition that it did not bode well for the future, or for their presence in the Ladorran Quadrant. Despite her concerns, she trusted her sister’s judgement in all matters, especially when it involved magic and would abide by her decisions.

Knowing what had to be done, Imperial Governor Kopranton recalled the others to the ship. While he sat and waited, he allowed his magic to influence his mind, and pondered what had transpired over the last few years. For no apparent reason he felt deeply troubled. He sensed something was trying to tell him that he had not always been like this. The Krelathan rubbed his hands over his head and tried to banish the thoughts just as the others entered the ship.
He briefed them on their additional task, and the one stipulation; it had to appear as if a Da’Aranban committed the act. They had to avoid any possibility of an investigation extending off world, which could jeopardise the primary mission or the expansion of the Empire.
They had learnt that most important visitors to the planet were usually given a tour of the Government building. The governor was proud of the collection of rare and interesting pieces of art that were on display, and always loved showing them to everyone of importance.
“We will plant an explosive device in that building and then detonate it using a remote trigger.”
“That’s the tricky part,” said Deerak.
“That’s where you come in. You’re the expert at this.”
Deerak smiled, “I’ll do it while you two are somewhere public, ensuring you have an alibi.”
“Excellent. Once you’ve completed that, return here. Then we must leave.”
“If we leave, we won’t know when the Guardians enter the building. Who will detonate the explosives?”
“Leave that to me,” said Kopranton, “I have the perfect person in mind.”
While Deerak set about planting the explosive device, Kopranton met up with his contact in the cantina. He asked if there was somewhere they could talk in private, and the man led him to a small room at the back. As Kopranton followed the man, he used his magic to implant what he needed doing into his mind: ‘You are on an undercover mission, you will watch for the Guardians entering the Government building.’
Sitting down at the table, Hemstack poured a couple of drinks from a small jug in the corner, and then asked how he could be of help. He then took a few mouthfuls of his drink, some of it dribbling down the side of his face.
The only source of light was a low powered lamp attached to the back wall, but Kopranton liked it that way. Small rats scurried about the floor, or gnawed on the sacks stored in the corner, adding to the eerie sense of the place.
Kopranton took out the triggering device as he continued working on the mind of the man in front of him. ‘You despise the Guardians and what they stand for. You hate this world and the weak peaceful attitude of the people. You resent having had your ship impounded for no reason, for having your cargo confiscated, and you desire retribution.’
“What I want my good friend, is to terminate the lives of the two Guardians here on Da’Aranb,” he said.
Hemstack felt strange. ‘Why do I despise the Guardians?’ he asked himself. He shook his head, rubbed his face and glared at the stranger. “You want me to use this triggering unit to cause an explosion,” he said as though it was what he wanted to do himself.
“That’s exactly what you want to do isn’t it?”
The man looked surprised. “How do you know that?”
“Call it intuition. You have done something for me and now I have done something for you. If you have no other need of me, I had better leave. It is better for both of us if we are not seen together.” The Imperial left feeling very pleased with his achievement.
Hemstack remained seated in the cold room completely baffled about what had just happened. ‘Why would I want to kill a Guardian?’ he thought. He did despise the Ladorran Republic for interfering with his illegal trade, but he never hated the Republic so much that it filled him with the desire to kill a Guardian. He topped up his glass and drank the contents. Putting it back on the table he shook his head and sighed heavily. Picking up the triggering device, he looked at it for a moment, placed it in his jacket pocket and then left for home.

Kopranton and Sharana wandered around the market area purchasing a few artefacts from local traders, while Deerak succeeded in planting the explosives. A short time later, they took off and headed for Da’Antab. ‘At least we have fulfilled one mission,’ thought Kopranton, ‘and will be able to return to complete the other in time.’ He was pleased with their achievement, but still felt confused and puzzled by his earlier feelings.





Chapter Twenty

Da’Aranb, Da’Aranban System, Beraston Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Grogaan awoke feeling refreshed and contented, having slept peacefully and undisturbed. Ellarna was bright and feeling cheerful. It was a glorious day with a cloudless blue sky. The sun was shining and the temperature was comfortable. It Was a perfect day for touring the city. The two Guardians enjoyed a light breakfast of spiced bread, fruit preserve, fresh fruit and a cup of Rassetta tea. As it was still a little too early to leave, they had a second cup of tea and relaxed a bit longer. Everything appeared to be going well for the two Mabraantans.

Meanwhile, Hemstack was hiding in a nearby building, waiting patiently for a sighting of the Guardians he apparently despised so much. In his hand was a triggering device for some explosives that had been planted in the Government building. He stared at it for a few moments wondering what he was doing and why: It simply didn’t make any sense, but it did not really matter.
Ten minutes later he saw what he was waiting for; a group of people walking toward the building, and among them were the Guardians. He watched as they entered and prepared to trigger the explosives, ensuring he gave them time to get far enough inside. However, he did not see some of that group exit the building and head off toward the garden.

At the Governor’s suggestion, the group split in two. Grogaan, who was accompanied by the Governor, the garden administrator, and three senators, would visit the gardens. Ellarna remained inside the building with the Governor’s daughter, Te’Endsa, and a few of the female senators.
The Government building also housed the primary animal quarantine area, which was situated in two rooms on the first basement level. Two dozen Qarakans that had recently been transported from the nearby planet of Da’Antab were currently under quarantine. They had a unique ability that was unknown to the Da’Aranbans, and one that would impact on the future of many people in a way nobody would have expected possible. They were able to utilise the energy of the astral realm to hide their presence from its intended prey and their predators.
One single animal could prevent detection by any other creature for up to one metre. However, if four or more were working together, this ability was extended to a radius of up to five metres. They also had a very low body scent, so even the most sensitive of noses were unable to detect a Qarakans’ presence until it was too late. Even Guardians were unable to detect the presence of such animals until they either stumbled upon it, or it rushed from its hiding place. A Guardian was still able to use magic in the presence of a Qarakan, but would be unable to sense the presence of any creature or being that was within the animals’ sphere of influence.
Grogaan was impressed at the layout and diversity of plants. There was, to his astonishment, a Grantenadon shrub from Mabraant. As they were discussing how the Governor came by the shrub, an almighty explosion went off behind them. It sent reverberations through the ground, and a powerful shock wave that shattered the glass in numerous buildings nearby. Grogaan and those with him turned to see what was going on. To their abject horror, they saw the main Government building collapse in a shroud of smoke and dust that rose high into the air.
Then the vision Grogaan had of a woman standing inside a building burst into his memory. He heard the scream again. It was as fresh, as clear, and as haunting as it had been in the dream. This time, however, it was not a dream, it was real, and he recognised that voice. His Guardian senses confirmed it was that of his companion, Ellarna.
His heart began to race and his throat became dry. His breathing became shallow and quick. He then realised that the dream had been a vision of the future, one which was transpiring at that moment. He now understood why it had affected him so profoundly. Then reality struck. Ellarna was in the building that had just exploded and collapsed.
Grief and anguish seared his soul as the thought of losing his second soul-mate filled his mind. Before he had chance to gain full control of his rising emotions, the memories of family and friends he had lost burst into his mind. He felt the pain and grief of those losses afresh, and it threatened to overwhelm his senses. Grogaan tried to quell the rising negative emotions, but the anger and hatred was beginning to boil. Then something snapped inside. An energy force coming from deep within his body fuelled those negative emotions. Moments later, they erupted with such force it quashed the last vestiges of control he had been fighting to hold onto.
In his mind’s eye he pictured scenes from the past. He saw the Krelathan fighter pilot killing his father, and the explosion that tore apart the transport his fiancée, Miranda, had been travelling on. He felt every stab of pain as if it was happening at that precise moment.
He tried to fight the rising emotions, but it was fruitless. The presence that was fuelling the anger, the resentment and the pain was too strong. He had been totally unaware of it before, but now he sensed it clearly. It was a dark and menacing presence rearing up within his mind. The pain continued to build, and he wondered if he would be able to contain himself.
Grogaan ran toward the building. Everyone and everything else became obscured by his need to locate his fiancée, and something he could feel, but not understand. He reached the perimeter in moments and saw that nobody could have possibly survived. The building that once stood majestically was now just a large heap of rubble. Grogaan used his magic to search for Ellarna’s presence. He sensed nothing, not a single presence within the building.
Grogaan felt his magic flowing, sensed those around him, but where the building lay in ruins, there was nothing. Locating a body even when dead was something he had been able to do even before he had learnt of his Guardian heritage. Being unable to sense anything in the ruins made him panic. He knew it meant only one thing: His beloved Ellarna was dead, gone from his life forever, but what of her body? What happened to it that prevented him locating it.
At first, he refused to believe or accept that she was dead, and for the second time in his life, he had lost a woman whom he loved more than life itself. When he finally realised there was no chance of her having survived and accepted it, his grief overwhelmed him. He was unable to bear the intensity of it: First Miranda, now Ellarna; both so soon after their engagements.
The feeling of grief and anger he had felt at the time of Miranda’s death filled his memories. He could see himself standing by the viewport looking up at the sky the moment he sensed her death, then sitting by the lake head bowed in sadness, eyes closed trying to block out the pain. Now he was in a similar situation. His emotional control had vanished, and he was unable to prevent the stresses from bubbling over and destroying any chance of recovery.
Then he felt the negative emotions explode: Resentment, fury and with it, an overwhelming desire for retribution. The power behind it overshadowed his weakness and appeared to be giving him an inner strength, much the same as it did during his fights with the Krelathans. Only this time it was far more intense, more overpowering, and more energizing.
It felt as if the power within was waiting to burst out and consume whatever it contacted, but there was much more to it. There was a sense of impenetrable darkness creeping up on him, a presence that was far stronger than the temptation induced by the dark realm. It was a sinister and angry presence with hatred burning like fire. There was nothing he could do to quench it.
Images of his father, his brother Ben and his close friend Hobbes appeared in his mind, making him realise just how much he missed them all. Then he pictured Miranda standing by the lake holding her hand up to admire her ring. As the memory filled his mind, he felt as if his spirit was being ripped asunder. The pain was so intense he was barely able to stand. Then the grief, pain, and anguish, transformed into an uncontrollable rage fuelled by the presence within.
The images of loved ones now dead faded away leaving a black hole of emptiness, a void in which he felt the fire of hatred and anger building stronger, expanding and fuelling the darkness and the presence. It mattered not what he thought. He was unable to prevent it. A vacuum was beginning to form in his mind, one that was threatening to consume every ounce of his conscious thought. ‘When will it all end?’ he screamed in his mind. He wanted to shout so loud, loud enough for the whole galaxy to hear of his pain, his anguish and his torment. Inside his mind, he howled in grief for his loss. It was a long and painful howl that threatened to tear his spirit apart, one that reverberated through the astral realm.

Inside the ruins of the building, Ellarna lay unconscious in the room on the basement level that contained the Qarakans, most of which were dead. These animals used their power not only to hide from their intended prey, but also to hide themselves when injured or threatened, as they did now.
Ellarna, accompanied by Te’Endsa, was admiring some paintings in the gallery directly above the quarantine rooms when the explosion went off. The floor collapsed and both women fell through, landing among rubble and the cages of the Qarakans. Ellarna sustained the worst of the injuries and was fading quickly. Unfortunately, they were lying within the animals’ sphere of magical influence, and their presence was hidden from the sensory ability of any Guardian, including Grogaan.
The necklace Ellarna had been wearing was torn away as she fell through the floor. The two green gems shattered as they hit the ground, and two flumes of smoke spiralled up from within the pieces. They floated toward the ceiling and passed through the cracks between the chunks of rubble and out into the air.

Grogaan collapsed to his knees in front of what remained of the government building, which was nothing more than a large pile of rubble and twisted metal girders. Tears ran down his dust covered cheeks and dripped onto his legs.
The intense rage that was continuing to grow within seemed to be consuming him, mind, body and soul. He tried to control his emotions, to relax and let his magic flow through his aching body, but he failed miserably. The sheer power and influence of the dark magic, coupled with the presence within, was too much for him to cope with.
He found he was unable to focus his thoughts on anything or anyone. He wondered whether he could or would care about anything or anyone again, or even care about what happened to him. Grogaan felt as he had done after Miranda’s death: Broken, torn apart and alone. Only this time it was more profound and debilitating.
Nobody noticed the two plumes of smoke rising from the rubble. They travelled horizontally toward Grogaan and when they reached him, entered his body through his legs. He was oblivious to the brief sharp pain caused as they pierced his skin. Within a few moments, the four separated parts of the sorcerer’s soul were reunited. Temalleus Feringita was whole once more.
Immediately on unification, the sorcerer’s spirit and conscience began to take control of Grogaan. How this was possible was unknown even by those who discovered the process, and it was a mystery that would never be unravelled.
Grogaan jerked his head up feeling very strange and uncomfortable. He felt as though something or someone was trying to gain control of his mind and his body. His own conscience was being pushed farther back into the recesses of the mind. He gradually began to lose all knowledge of who he was or what he was doing kneeling on the floor. Everything became vague as if a thick impenetrable fog had descended into this mind.
As the spirit of the sorcerer gained more control over Grogaan, he felt the power and strength within grow to a level he had never experienced before. It seemed as if his whole body was expanding to cater for the sheer intensity of that power, and he was unable to do anything to prevent it. There was no resistance, no strength, and no will to fight off the invading presence. His grief, anger, and the feeling of worthlessness had quashed his mental strength.
Although the grief and pain of his loss were still present, they were being pushed to the back of his mind by the ever-growing intensity of his anger, resentment and thirst for retribution. The negative emotions continued building until it felt like a volcano waiting to erupt. It was not long before any sense of peace and calm had vanished completely, replaced by rage and other extreme negative emotions. Eventually, he was no longer able to feel the grief and pain that had once been so prevalent.
The sorcerer that now possessed him drew upon the power from the dark realm. His renewed strength added to that of the Guardian’s, made him stronger and more dangerous than any sorcerer in history.
Grogaan’s own conscience and awareness was now simply a vague subconscious thought. It had no effect on the actions or intentions of the possessing invader. The possessor took hold of Grogaan’s thirst for revenge upon the perpetrators of his fiancée’s death, and would act to quench that thirst. He knew this would intensify the emotional strength of the body he now possessed as well as his own ability to draw magical power.
With no more grief or sorrow evident in his mind, he stood purposefully and rested his clenched hands on his hips, rolled his head backward and laughed loudly and deeply. It was a blood-curdling laugh empowered by magic that sent a shiver through all that heard it. Women screamed in fright at the sound. They ran from the area in panic, afraid of what he might do to those who crossed his path.
Governor La’Astor stared at Grogaan in utter shock and disbelief. A Guardian had somehow transformed to one of the dark sorcerers in a matter of moments. It was unbelievable. Never had such a change happened so quickly. He wondered whether this had something to do with those strange visitors from the Hebradon Empire, but then dismissed the notion as impossible.
The astonished Da’Aranban continued to watch the Guardian laugh. His whole body was shaking from the power that was emanating from the man. He backed off slowly, putting a greater distance between them. He felt the hair on the nape of his neck begin to crawl sending more shivers through his body. A sudden sense of fear swept through him as he saw the Guardian look in his direction. Droplets of sweat trickled down his brow stinging his eyes, but he dared not wipe them away, dared not move a muscle just in case the sorcerer misinterpreted the movement and was provoked into doing something bad.
The Guardian ceased laughing, looked skyward and closed his eyes. A light blue aura formed around him, and as he raised his arms blue lightning emanated from his fingertips, spreading outward in a wide arc. The noise was deafening, and those that had strayed too close ran away covering their ears.
As he looked around, Grogaan noticed a small building to his left. He felt a prompting telling him he should check it out. He walked toward it and even though he sensed nobody inside, entered. There was a small electronic device on the floor near the window. Grogaan picked it up and looked at it carefully. It was a remote-detonating device, which he believed had been used to trigger the explosion.
Grogaan closed his eyes and concentrated, allowing his magic to enhance his ability. He sensed the presence of a man nearby, one who was worried because of his recent actions. Keeping his mind focussed on the man, he walked toward the cantina wherein the man was hiding. When he entered, an eerie and deathly silence fell over the gathered clientele. The wave of fear he felt flowing across the room delighted him.
The man he sought was hiding in a small back room, fearing for his life.
Nobody attempted to question or stop Grogaan as he strode along the narrow corridor. As he opened the door, he saw the man shaking with fear, and sensed the intensity of his anguish over what he had done. Grogaan felt no sympathy for the one that cowered in fear before him.
Grabbing him by the collar, he lifted Hemstack off the ground and squeezed gently on his neck. The man remained silent. Grogaan drew more power from the dark realm and forced his quarry to reveal all that he needed to know through mental manipulation. Satisfied with what he had learnt, the sorcerer released him, but then held him suspended in mid air with magic. Terror was etched into the man’s features, and droplets of perspiration streamed down his face.
Hemstack’s body started quivering, his heart palpitated irregularly and he felt the pain sear his body as his heart strained under the pressure. He wanted to cry out and explain that he had had no choice in doing what he had done, but his throat was being constricted to the point of suffocation.
As he headed for the door, the sorcerer propelled the man with great speed and force across the room. There were loud cracking sounds as the man hit the wall. The force of the impact was so great, bones shattered piercing flesh and vital organs. The limp body of Hemstack fell to the ground in a crumpled heap. With an evil laugh and a sinister smile, the Guardian become sorcerer left the cantina and went to locate his ship.
His first act of retribution was complete.





Chapter Twenty-One

Safkaari, Safkar System, Beraston Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

The reunification of the sorcerer’s spirit was enough to cause a ripple in the fabric of the astral realm. However, because Grogaan and the sorcerer were both formidable wizards, the sheer intensity of the power being united, turned that ripple into a powerful reverberation that was felt by other Guardians and wizards across the galaxy.
Sorann and Deanna were on Safkaari, the principle planet in the Safkar System, enjoying a few moments alone before being given a tour of the Imperial palace. First, they heard the scream, an intense piercing scream that resounded in their subconscious. Then a vision burst into their minds’ eye, shocking them from their quiet contemplation. Sorann knew instantly something terrible had occurred and that it involved Grogaan.
“What was that?” asked Deanna, who was reeling from the shock.
Sorann looked at her, his face drawn in distress. “What I feared most but hoped would never happen. It was a vision of an event that has just transpired.”
Deanna looked puzzled. “I saw a man that looked very familiar.”
Sorann sighed heavily. “The one you saw was Grogaan. It appears that he has been seduced by the power of the dark realm, but there is something about the intensity that doesn’t make sense; it was too sudden, too violent.”
“Remember how different he was after his return from Hiastora Two?
“I do, but surely that would not have caused such a rapid transformation in him? There’s more to it than that, something sinister. I’ve a very bad feeling about it too.” Sorann’s brow creased in thought. “There was something else Grogaan had not told us about, something that posed a dilemma for him concerning his future. The events are intricately linked somehow, but how and why?”
“And what was that scream? I’ve never sensed anything like that before.”
“I don’t know. I detected intense pain and grief in that scream, and no, I have never sensed anything like that either. Something is definitely wrong.”
Sorann took a deep breath, closed his eyes and tried to see into the future. Nothing enlightening was revealed, but a vision that Sorann was not expecting did appear. It was the same one that Grogaan himself had had so many times before, only it appeared very clear and revealed far more than Grogaan had told him. It was of a man standing in the middle of a compound with his arms raised, and the blue lightning emanating from his fingertips flashed toward buildings and Imperial soldiers. The vision sent a shiver through Sorann’s body. He had felt the power of magical lightning and never wanted to experience it again. The pain was intense and indescribable.
“What have you seen?”
“A vision of the future I believe was the same Grogaan experienced. We must go to Da’Aranb immediately to find out what has happened.”
Deanna glared at him. “For something to have caused such a disturbance that we could feel it so forcefully here, we must be cautious. I suggest we contact the Da’Aranban Governor to find out what occurred. Then we can decide if we need additional support before confronting whoever or whatever is behind it.”
Sorann agreed without argument; he was beginning to trust Deanna’s insight.
The news they received from Da’Aranb was very distressing, and they were gravely concerned. They were unable to understand why Grogaan had left without confirming the fate of his companion.
With Grogaan having left the planet, there was no need to request any assistance, at least not yet. They informed the Safkan Governor of the news, and that they had to leave immediately. The Governor sympathised with them and understood the need for them to make haste. He expressed his thanks for having come to warn them of the Hebradon Empire and would welcome their return.
The troubled Guardian Master spent much of the flight from Safkaari to Da’Aranb in silence, feeling extremely low and disillusioned. Once again, another Guardian apprentice under his tuition had succumbed to the power of the dark realm. The encouragements Sorann had felt over the previous few months were now shattered. He began to wonder whether he was truly a Guardian Master or not, whether Master Naboore had any failures like his own during his training of Guardians, and how many more future Guardians would ultimately be turned.
It appeared to be so easy even for a well-trained, strong and disciplined Guardian to succumb to the tempting powers of the dark realm. This failure was one too many for Sorann. He began losing faith in his own abilities as a Guardian instructor, and his confidence was now on the verge of being shattered beyond repair. He was also doubtful whether they would be able to redeem their friend from an inevitable fate.
Deanna sensed what Sorann was feeling and thinking. His sudden loss of confidence and faith in himself struck her hard, and she was very disappointed. It also made her angry. “Snap out of it, Sorann,” she said sternly. “It’s not your fault. It never has been and it never will be. When will you accept the fact that it doesn’t matter how well a Guardian is trained, there are no guarantees that the individual will never be tempted or succumb to the influence of the dark realm.”
Sorann looked at her with despondency and resignation. “Can’t you see that it is down to how well a Guardian is taught?”
“Never-the-less, it has happened before and will no doubt happen again in the future. You must not blame yourself over Grogaan. It’s obvious that Ellarna’s condition . . .” She paused a moment as the realisation that the young woman may truly be dead hit her, “had affected him tremendously, and that something else has overpowered him. There is no other explanation considering how strong he was, and the remarkable self-control he possessed because of your teaching.”
Sorann gazed at her for a short while and marvelled at her strength of reason and wisdom. He considered her words carefully, those of his former Master, and realised that both were correct. It may or may not have been his failure that had caused this, but whatever the reason, Sorann had to act positively to do all he could to save Grogaan. He smiled and nodded at his companion. There was far more behind this event than they could possibly reason.
By the time the two Guardians arrived on Da’Aranb, Sorann was feeling a lot more confident, optimistic, and hopefully, adequately prepared for whatever they may have to encounter.
Destiny was playing a strange and complicated game in bringing the prophecy to fruition, one which the Jestungan Guardian had prophesied two hundred and nine years ago. Despite Sorann’s renewed confidence, he would not be prepared for what he was about to discover, nor for the forthcoming events.





Chapter Twenty-Two

Da’Aranb, Da’Aranban System, Beraston Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

The Desalon class shuttle Meridan approached Da’Aranb, and on receipt of landing coordinates, headed directly for the main port near to the Government buildings. Major Iendalla contacted space control and requested confirmation via the Government office for Squadron Leader Learman’s whereabouts. He was advised that a Government official would meet them on arrival.
Major Iendalla and Lieutenant Fenser looked at each. Both were concerned, and immediately suspected something had happened. The news they carried was potentially alarming, and it pained them to be carrying it.
The one who met them as they disembarked from their shuttle was the Senatorial Administration Officer. He greeted the two soldiers cordially, before leading them to the Governor’s temporary office. He explained that the Governor was extremely busy so would only be able to see them briefly. As they approached the small building that was obviously not the Government offices, and noticing a lot of unusual activity, both Republican officers became anxious for the reasons behind Squadron Leader Learman’s absence.
The Da’Aranban rescue teams and engineers had arrived at the site of the ruins and had taken control of the situation. There was nothing more the Governor could do, so he returned to his makeshift office to begin preparing the register of those who had been inside. While checking and noting the names, he pondered what must be done once the bodies had been recovered, and how to break the news to bereaved families. It was a task he did not relish and it grieved him to even think of those who had been killed. He was about to pick up the phone when the Senatorial Administration Officer entered and introduced the two officers.
Governor La’Astor was still in a state of shock and concern. He was then very surprised when he saw the two Republican officers enter his office so soon after the accident, and he began to panic. Major Iendalla saw the Governor’s expression change as they entered and knew something serious was troubling him. He had seen that expression on so many people so many times before, and usually when they had something to fear.
“Good day to you,” he said nervously. “I am Governor La’Astor. Please accept my apology for the poor welcome, but my personal aide is otherwise unavailable.”
“There’s no need to apologise, Governor. It’s a pleasure to meet you, and I thank you for seeing us so promptly. I am Major Iendalla and this is Lieutenant Fenser, both of the Ladorran Republican Forces.”
“Are you here about the incident?” asked the Governor.
Iendalla looked at the Governor curiously. The incident obviously lay behind his concern, and Iendalla became rather suspicious of what was going on. “Incident, Governor? We’re not aware of any incident. Our business here concerns Squadron Leader Learman. We have been told he’s visiting here on diplomatic matters.”
“Yes, Squadron Leader Learman was here,” said La’Astor fretfully. He then explained what had recently transpired, leaving out any details regarding Squadron Leader Learman’s behaviour afterward.
The two officers were shocked to hear of the explosion, that so many were trapped inside presumed dead, and that Guardian Rayshon was among them. They offered to call for assistance from the Republic, but the Governor rejected the offer, indicating his emergency services had the situation under control. When Iendalla asked if the Governor knew why the Commander had left, he simply said he had no idea, but Iendalla knew he was not being truthful.
“Now if you’ll excuse me, I do have other pressing matters to attend to,” said La’Astor a little too sharply.
With the abrupt termination of their meeting, Iendalla knew there was something amiss. It was obvious the Governor was either covering something up, or he was reluctant to reveal some details because of their implications. He wanted to press him for more information, but his rank did not give him that privilege.
Just as they arose to leave, one of the senatorial aides arrived to advise the Governor that the Guardian, General Taggash, would be arriving in due course. It was obvious to the Major that La’Astor’s expression in response showed he was not pleased at the news, which made the circumstances around Squadron Leader Learman’s departure more suspicious and worrying. Major Iendalla was relieved to hear that the famous Guardian General was already on his way, and it would enable them to discover exactly what happened.
Governor La’Astor felt guilty for having been so incommodious to the two officers, apologised, and promptly enquired if they needed accommodation while staying on Da’Aranb. The Major explained their visit was primarily to discuss important matters with Squadron Leader Learman, but because he was no longer available, they would speak with General Taggash and then return to their base. Thanking the Governor for his offer, the two returned to the shuttle and waited.
Sorann landed in a docking bay near to that in which the shuttle Meridan was parked, but he was totally unaware of that fact. When he appeared at the exit door and gazed out into the bay, he was surprised to see two Ladorran Republic officers waiting at the foot of the boarding ramp, both looking rather troubled.
Being unaware of any Republican Forces activity in the area, the presence of the two officers caused Sorann considerable concern. He knew the two men by sight, and that they had been assigned to conduct the investigation of the hidden complex on Hiastora Two. A strange feeling washed over him as he walked toward them. It was identical to what he had felt on many occasions in the past, occasions when trouble followed closely behind. He believed the omens were very bad. Sorann wondered what lay behind the destiny of the one who could be, or could have been, such a powerful Guardian.
Deanna also sensed something was seriously wrong and felt Sorann’s concern, She was of the opinion that whatever had happened to Grogaan was more serious, and more problematic than either of them could have considered. She did not know how she knew, but it was one of those premonitions she had that made her senses tingle in a certain way, the way it only happened when events took a serious turn for the worst. The last time she had experienced this was when Sorann had been trapped in the Emperor’s throne room. Thankfully, that had turned out good.
Times were troubled enough, but now Sorann knew things were going to become even more so, not only for himself, but for the quadrant too. He knew the repercussions of whatever happened here on Da’Aranb were going to be felt far beyond the Ladorran Quadrant. How he knew or understood this was still eluding him, such was the mystery of the astral realm and its magical force. Sorann and Deanna looked at each other and knew both understood what each other was thinking.
As he looked at her, Sorann saw something in Deanna he had not seen before. It was something he had not even taken the time to seriously look for: The sparkle in her eye. The way she looked at him showed the love she felt for him was stronger than he thought it was. He knew at that moment there was a bond between them that he had been unaware of. As he allowed the reality of it to sink in, he knew it was a similar bond to that he had sensed between Grogaan and Ellarna.
Sorann shuddered with the realisation that Deanna had been right all along. He had been neglecting their relationship, and as a result, was seriously jeopardising it. He also realised just how much he loved her, and felt it surfacing with such power that he felt grieved for having been so off hand and insensitive so often. He promised himself he would make it up to her very soon.
Deanna sensed Sorann’s thoughts and felt embarrassed for having done so. She had not intended to pick up on his emotions and thoughts, but her senses were more highly tuned at that moment. The recent events and sensory warnings they were receiving from the astral realm had stimulated her senses more than usual. She now knew how he felt about her, and she longed for some time alone wherein they might develop their relationship further. That was of course provided Sorann did not get nervous or rush off on other business.
“Major Iendalla, what brings you to Da’Aranb?” asked Sorann, realising he had been distracted too long.
The Major saluted smartly, as did Lieutenant Fenser.
“General Taggash,” he said respectfully, “we were in fact hoping to have caught Squadron Leader Learman, but we have been informed that he has already left the planet. The Governor declined an explanation as to why or where he went, despite us indicating the urgency and importance of us knowing his whereabouts.”
Sorann understood why the Governor would have been nervous about revealing something delicate about Grogaan’s situation, especially if Sorann’s deductions about events were correct. “Is there anything I can assist you with Major?”
“I hope so General. Lieutenant Fenser has the actual details.”
Before the Lieutenant could respond, Sorann told them they had urgent business with the Governor, and that he could explain en-route. The group left the spaceport and walked on the fringes of the roadways to remain out of earshot of those who were rushing about. As they headed for the ruins of the Government building, Fenser began explaining their reasons for being on Da’Aranb, and that it concerned Squadron Leader Learman’s discovery of the underground complex on Hiastora Two.
Sorann looked at Fenser and began to link the chain of events. He was now convinced something happened to Grogaan during his visit to the complex, something his friend was unaware of. Both he and Deanna had felt that difference when Grogaan returned to Piserron, and whereas Sorann had not realised the importance of it, nor the potential dangers therein, Deanna had.
He now regretted placing little weight on her concerns. It was obvious that what had happened to Grogaan on Hiastora was directly linked to whatever occurred on Da’Aranb. With that, Sorann sensed the Lieutenant had more to say about this matter, something very disturbing. A feeling of dread engulfed the Guardian Master. He believed he was not going to like what he was about to learn.
“I was under the impression Squadron Leader Learman recorded his discoveries in detail,” said Sorann attempting to hide his concern.
“He did General, and very accurately too. This relates to some green gems that were found in the complex. According to the records we discovered, there should have been four of them. We were only able to find the remains of two that had been shattered. I was hoping to find out whether or not the two were smashed prior to the Commander’s entry, and what happened to the others.”
He looked at Deanna with an expression of deep concern written across his features. “The two missing gems I believe are in the basement of the Government building,” he said pointing at the large pile of rubble before them. “As for the two you found in the complex, unfortunately, Squadron Leader Learman stepped on one of them and the other shattered as it hit the floor. Why are you so concerned about their whereabouts?”
“We discovered some very interesting, but disturbing facts about some of the equipment in the complex.”
Sorann looked at the younger man questioningly.
Fenser then explained what they had discovered about it, its use, and who the preferred subjects were.
A cold shiver ran down Sorann’s spine as he remembered the prototype transferral equipment developed by the former Emperor Belack’s scientists. “Go on,” he said calmly, but underneath his calm exterior he was beginning to have serious concerns and was feeling anxious about what lay ahead.
“The extracted spirit was transferred into four specially created gems by some ingenious electronic process, creating a cloudy central core within. The spirit was subsequently transferred from the gems into non-sensitive members of the colony. All the experiments have been meticulously detailed, and even included the names of those subjected to the process.
The last two unfortunate individuals were very powerful Guardians who had become renegades, power hungry zealots who delved into the power of the dark realm. They were Temalleus Feringita and Zecharhan Helgando, Temalleus being the more powerful and dangerous of the two. It was his essence that was transferred into the green gems.”
“That’s not all though, is it?” asked Sorann, having sensed the junior officer had not yet told all he knew, but was for some reason holding something back that he wished he did not have to tell.
“I’m afraid not General.” Fenser then explained what happened if the gems were smashed.
Deanna felt that same tingling sensation run through her body as she did on their arrival. She knew it was a warning from the astral realm. They were going to be faced with a dangerous situation in the very near future, more dangerous than either had experienced before. Sorann felt Deanna’s sudden apprehension and gazed at her, reaching out with his power to help calm her emotions. He then sensed the warning, and the threat that lay ahead.
Sorann closed his eyes momentarily and sighed. He should have seen this coming and prevented it. He now wished he had listened to Deanna instead of brushing her concerns aside so easily. Now they would pay the price for his failure and lack of foresight again.
Fenser coughed to clear his throat that had gone very dry. “The records state that the living essence can differentiate between those who are sensitive and non-sensitive to the realm’s power, and that is can select the former in preference to the latter. The only good part is that the intended recipient of the essence must be fully conscious at the time, or the transfer would fail, but we found no reason why this was so.”
“I don’t like the thought of where this is leading,” said Deanna. She knew her feelings and opinions when they first detected something wrong about Grogaan were proven to be correct. She sensed Sorann understood and was rebuking and blaming himself for not listening to her. ‘Typical of him,’ she thought, ‘always blaming himself for the failures,’ not that she disagreed with him on this occasion. She wondered what they could have done had they acted. Would Grogaan have allowed them to help him or brush it off as part of his hidden reasons for being the way he was?
She wondered why nothing was simple and straight forward. Sometimes she wished she had never discovered her magical ability, nor craved adventure so much. Life on Feranestia had been simple and easy with little or no excitement, but it was a life she was pleased to have put behind her. Had she not, she would never have met Sorann and fallen in love. She often wondered why Emperor Belack had never conquered her homeworld. For some reason that nobody knew or understood, the Emperor had completely ignored the Feranti System along with several others in the Feranessi Sector.
Fenser continued. “According to the records, it was preferable for the spirit of the individual being transferred to be stronger than that of the host. If this was the case, when the four parts are reunited the invading spirit gradually exerts its own strength and conscious thoughts over that of the host, eventually taking full control of the whole being.”
Sorann and Deanna looked at each other again, and now understood why Grogaan had felt so different, more powerful and more positive after returning from Hiastora Two. The confidence he had in his own abilities began to strengthen again, and he was beginning to accept the fact that Grogaan’s failure was not his failure. It did not, however, prevent him feeling guilty for not listening to Deanna or heeding her warnings.
Deanna sensed his thoughts and smiled at him. ‘At last,’ she thought.
Sorann returned the gesture.
“Is there anything wrong, General?” asked Iendalla when he saw their strange expressions, which were followed by smiles that seemed out of place under the circumstances. ‘I’ll never understand Guardians,’ he thought.
“Yes, there is, but I’m afraid you’re too late with your information.” He then thanked the two officers for coming to inform them of their discoveries, and suggested they return to Marderas.
Sorann was feeling distraught over what had happened to both Grogaan and Ellarna. He stood gazing at the remains of the building while he pondered what he had been told, the unfairness of life, and how unkind destiny was at times. He also wondered what Grogaan had been keeping from them, why he would not divulge it, and what relevance it had on either the events that were unfolding now, or that would occur in Grogaan’s future. He also considered the probability that the two elements were intricately linked, but he was unable to comprehend how.
Sorann closed his eyes, comforted by the presence of Deanna at his side. She wrapped her arm around his waist and leant close to him. This added to his comfort, as did the pleasure of her kind and loving thoughts toward him. ‘What have I been missing all these years?’ he asked himself. Despite what had happened, he was happy, and was pleased to have someone who loved him so much. It was unconditional love, which he knew he had to reciprocate without placing more importance on other matters. Deanna sensed his thoughts and held him tighter as if to say thank you, or simply, I love you. Sorann did not want this quiet, intimate moment to end, but end it must; both knew that.
Although Sorann’s confidence in his abilities as a Guardian Master had returned, he became increasingly doubtful about their ability to restore Grogaan to his former self. He was also concerned about the fate of Ellarna, and wondered if this event had been the catalyst that sent Grogaan over the edge.
As he continued looking at the ruins while quietly pondering events, he saw a middle-aged man walking in their direction. He was carrying a young woman in his arms, her body limp and lifeless. Sorann immediately sensed the grief the man was experiencing, and that the young woman was his daughter. Tears were streaming from the man’s eyes, his face creased in pain and grief. Each step the man took seemed as if he was on the verge of collapsing.
The Guardian Master relaxed his mind and sensed life within the woman. It was very weak, and her life was ebbing away slowly. She had suffered several broken bones, some minor internal injuries, had sustained a serious head injury and was comatose. Sorann knew the injuries were insignificant compared to the healing powers possessed by some Guardians, but he remained a little concerned about whether his mental endurance was strong enough to save her life. Breaking free from Deanna he walked toward the man.
La’Astor was covered in dust, his face streaked with tears, his hair unkempt and his bloodshot eyes betrayed his grief. In his expression Sorann saw the unasked question; ‘could the famous Guardian Master do anything to save his daughters life?’
Without a word Sorann reached out and touched the forehead of the young woman. He focussed his mind on her injuries and let his magic flow though his body into hers. The injuries began healing, and Sorann took upon himself as much of her pain as he was able to bear. At first it was intense making his body shake, but after a few moments his body adjusted as his magic empowered him. The pain lessened and eventually became nothing more than an uncomfortable tingling sensation.
When the Governor felt the power emanating from Sorann, he nodded gently in appreciation and realisation that the man truly was a Guardian Master. Holding his daughter close to him, he felt her heartbeat growing stronger. Sorann removed his hand a few moments later having placed the woman into a healing trance. It would not be too long before she awoke. As far as her head injury was concerned, the worst she would be feeling was a severe headache and maybe the loss of some memories.
“Your daughter will make a full recovery very soon. The broken bones are fused together, but they require binding to allow then to regain their strength,” said Sorann confidently, but his expression revealed the mental demands the act had placed upon him. Using magic to heal another was one of the strongest and most demanding acts a Guardian could perform, even for a Master such as Sorann. It required considerable mental discipline and took years to perfect. Few Guardians had ever truly mastered healing major wounds, especially injuries to the head. Sorann felt privileged to possess such a gift.
La’Astor smiled and Sorann saw relief wash over the man’s face. “Thank you, General Taggash,” he said gratefully and softly. “I will be forever in your debt.”
Sorann smiled. “There is no debt to repay. We Guardians do not use our power for self-gain or profit, but for the benefit of others.”
His comment brought a smile to Deanna’s face, as did the knowledge that the young woman would make a full recovery.
Two medical orderlies arrived with a hover bed and waited a few moments for the Governor to acknowledge them. They then took the sleeping woman from her father’s arms and transported her to the medical facility. The Governor watched them for a few moments before turning to formerly greet the two new arrivals.
“Please forgive my lack of formality,” said the Governor trying to regain some air of diplomacy. “Welcome to Da’Aranb, General Taggash. It is an honour to meet you at last. I am Governor La’Astor.”
“Thank you, Governor. Your apologies are unnecessary considering the circumstances.”
“Even so, honoured guests need to be greeted formally regardless of the situation. However, your understanding is most appreciated and comforting.”
Sorann smiled and bowed his head in acknowledgement. “Governor, may I introduce Guardian Deanna Casson?”
La’Astor looked delighted. He had not met a single Guardian in all his life before, and now he had met four in a couple of days, including the famous Sorann Taggash. “I am very pleased to make your acquaintance, Guardian Casson. This is a day I will never forget. It’s such an honour to have had the pleasure of greeting four Guardians here on Da’Aranb. Although I deeply regret the circumstances under which you have come.”
Sorann looked toward the ruins. “How many were in the building when the explosion went off?”
“I’m not really sure, but I would estimate about thirty, mostly senatorial employees. My daughter, personal aide, and several of our female senators who were giving Squadron Leader Learman’s companion a short tour of the building were also inside. Fortunately for my daughter, she was blown toward the entrance by the force of the explosion. She was lucky to miss the main collapse of the building. I don’t know how many others survived.”
Sorann sensed the grief in the Governor’s voice, the inner anxiety he was feeling over the whole situation and the possible repercussions over the incident.
“An unexpected tragedy wouldn’t you say, Governor?” said Sorann.
The Governor became very concerned. “Yes, it is,” he stammered.
Sorann knew he was thinking the Republic would demand a full investigation because a Guardian was an unfortunate victim. It was something Sorann would not request nor consider necessary. “Unforeseen circumstances and the result of someone with a grudge against your Government, which I’m sure your security forces will resolve without Republican involvement.”
“Yes, General Taggash. Our security forces have already begun their investigation.”
Sorann winked at Deanna who caught him smiling. She smiled back, realising what he had done to allay the man’s fears. “Please inform us of any developments,” said Sorann.
As the three walked nearer to the building, the two Guardians used their magic to search for survivors. Sorann sensed several still alive, but there was an area off to the left where he could sense nothing. He assumed it was because there was nobody in that part of the building, but there was a strange sensation that should not have been present.
Deanna felt Sorann’s curiosity. “What is it Sorann?”
“I don’t know. Something doesn’t feel right.” Sorann looked back at the Governor. “Governor, please tell me what happened to Squadron Leader Learman?”
“To tell you the truth, I don't really understand what happened. It was very unnerving and shocking,” he paused as the images of the event resurfaced in his mind with disturbing clarity. He then explained what he saw in as much detail as he could remember, his voice trembling with fear as he spoke of it. He rubbed his hand over his chin and sighed heavily.
It was now obvious to Sorann that the two gems Grogaan had attached to a necklace and given to Ellarna had been smashed, and the spirit of Temalleus trapped within had found and entered Grogaan instead of Ellarna. This meant that either Ellarna was unconscious, near death . . . or dead. He had only known Ellarna for a short while, but the thought that she might be dead still grieved him. Sorann could only begin to think what his friend must have felt when he saw the ruined building and his fiancée presumably dead inside. To lose one partner was bad enough, but to lose two was beyond the comprehension of most.
Now all four parts of the Sorcerer’s life force were reunited, Sorann dared not consider what acts of magic Grogaan would be able to perform. He had been a strong Guardian before this unfortunate incident. Now with the life force of such a powerful sorcerer possessing and controlling him, adding his own power to that of Grogaan’s, he would be stronger than any other being that had lived. The name of Temalleus, the sorcerer, and the thought that such an evil being now controlled Grogaan caused a shiver to run up his spine. It did not go undetected by Deanna.
The Guardian Master feared for the man’s life and wondered if he would ever see him alive again. He closed his eyes and tried to accept the fact that all he was able to do now was to track him down, and hopefully discover a way of restoring him. That was of course if he could find him.
Sorann began feeling helpless once again. He had always believed there were limits to a Guardian’s ability, a fact that differed from the stories he had read. The indication was that a Guardian’s strength and capability were only restricted by the individual’s weakness or lack of confidence, but he was not so sure about this.
Deanna sensed her companion’s doubts and shook her head in bewilderment. “What creatures did you have in the quarantine area Governor?” she asked, trying to break Sorann’s attention on his negative thoughts.
La’Astor was puzzled at being asked such an unusual question under the current circumstances. “As far as I know there were several types of bird, some rodents, hounds and, ah yes! There are, were some Qarakans from the neighbouring planet Da’Antab. They’re a carnivorous predator and apparently have a unique method of catching their prey. Why?”
Sorann gazed at Deanna, also wondering why she had asked the question.
“It’s nothing really, just something I heard about those creatures.”
“You’ve heard of Qarakans?” asked the Governor.
“I have. They are reputed to have an extraordinary ability that has never been proven, so I don’t know if it’s true,” she said shaking her head. Deanna then suggested they help free the people trapped inside the building. She was also deeply concerned for both Grogaan and Ellarna, and worried about Sorann and how he was feeling over Grogaan’s fate.
Deanna liked Ellarna very much. She had discovered that despite their different upbringings and origins, they had much in common and found each other’s company pleasant. The two had built a good friendship during the time at the Academy, and to think that she might have lost that friend already was emotionally painful for Deanna.





Chapter Twenty-Three

Cassen System, Solkar Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Treyanna and her sister Roweyna were busy planning their next target. Their campaign was progressing as well in the Ladorran Quadrant as it had in the Gaashox. The unfortunate appearance of the two Guardians on Da’Aranb was, in their opinion, only a minor inconvenience to the flow of their plans. That was unless the Republican Council learnt of their methods of manipulation and coercion to obtain control of the systems, and then acted accordingly.
The presence of the two Guardians appeared to suggest this, but it was not guaranteed. If, and when they did learn of it, the two sisters knew they would need to alter their method of conquest. It would be an unfortunate inconvenience, but one they were not overly concerned about. There were ways and means of conducting their operations other than the one they had used very successfully to date. This did not dampen their confidence, and so remained positive.
They believed it would take time for the ruling council of the Republic to arrange for diplomats to be sent to each planet, and that it would take even longer to persuade them that there was a real threat to their freedom. By then many of those worlds would be in the clutches of the Hebradon Empire. Regardless of the outcome, the Hebradon Empire still encompassed the entire Gaashox Quadrant, so to withdraw from the Ladorran would not pose a serious setback to them.
The powerful disturbance the two sisters felt in the astral realm was one event that concerned them both, more than any potential setbacks in their approach to conquest could. They spent a lot of time meditating, hoping to discover what could have created such a tremor.
Roweyna was perplexed at her inability to gain any insight into the cause, so she consulted her sister on the matter, who also failed to gain the enlightenment she sought. Treyanna believed there was a powerful Guardian in a nearby system, one who was drawing power far greater than anything she believed possible.
“We must act with haste,” suggested Roweyna, sensing trouble was looming ahead. “This Guardian could jeopardise our plans to conquer this region of the galaxy.”
“Indeed he may, but don’t forget we are many against his one, maybe two. He will not be able to stand strong and defeat us.” Treyanna paused a moment to think on the situation. “I sense a hunger for power in him. If I’m correct, and we could somehow arrange to meet with this Guardian, perhaps we might persuade him to join us. He would make a powerful ally, and with him at our side there would be no stopping us.”
Roweyna remained sceptical and felt something untoward about this presence. It was too much of a coincidence for a third Guardian to arrive in the sector, and so soon after the other two had been killed. She was dubious about confronting this new Guardian, let alone trying to persuade him to join them. Even with the addition of their two most powerful female disciples, she believed it was a dangerous course of action to undertake.
“You need not worry yourself.” Treyanna knew her sister was not as strong as she had hoped she would be. “With Santarg and Pendrett at my side, we will experience little trouble from this Guardian. Even so, I think it’s time to contact Gerramine and Petranisa.” The two female sorcerers were the Empress’s strongest and most capable female disciples, both of whom possessed a talent for guile and subtlety.
Roweyna thought her sister was being far too confident, but she dared not voice her opinion and upset her sister or cause any friction between them.





Chapter Twenty-Four

Da’Aranb, Da’Aranban System, Beraston Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

The emergency crews were busy cordoning off the area around the ruins of what was once the government building. Large lifting equipment arrived on the scene to remove the larger chunks of debris. Once it was deemed safe, the crews would be able to commence searching for survivors, but the hope of finding anyone alive was low.
The two Guardians knew it was going to take some time to clear the rubble by machine, which could be far too long for some of those who might have survived. They approached the chief rescue officer, and moments later, the two began clearing the rubble using their magic. The larger pillars and sections of masonry were lifted one by one, much to the shock and surprise of those watching. Then the smaller chunks were floated into the air like a stream of feathers being blown by the wind. When enough debris had been cleared, the rescue teams moved into action.
The first person found was Te’Endsa, who was in a bad way. When she was placed on the hover stretcher, Sorann stood beside her, and used his magic to assess her condition. She was not as badly injured as she looked, and he tried to reassure her that she was safe and would make a full recovery.
When asked if she could recall where Ellarna had been at the time of the explosion, Te’Endsa looked at him through tear filled eyes. “She was a few steps ahead of me,” she whispered, her voice barely audible. “We were separated when the floor collapsed.”
Sorann was about to tell her to rest when she took hold of his arm and asked if Grogaan was still around. When he sensed the young woman’s feelings, he wondered why she would be so concerned about someone she had only met briefly.
When Te’Endsa saw his puzzled expression, she told him briefly of what she had seen in her dreams, and that she had sensed something disturbing when she first met him. Sorann was astonished to discover her sensitivity to the realm’s influence, and that she too had been experiencing dreams. He considered asking her more, but it would have to wait; they had more pressing matters to attend to.
The next two persons uncovered were not so lucky. They were senators and had taken a direct hit by the ceiling supporting joists. One of the medical staff ran off sickened by the sight of the crushed bodies. Out of twenty-eight persons found, eight were fortunate to have survived, but there were still six persons unaccounted for, Ellarna being one of them. Sorann and Deanna, who had removed hundreds of tons of debris in a relatively short period time, were now feeling the strain from their efforts. Their assistance was greatly appreciated and would never be forgotten.
The two Guardians finally lifted the last of the rubble from the left-hand side of the building. In doing so, they uncovered a large hole that had been made in the floor exposing the basement level. Sorann and Deanna moved cautiously toward it, and searched for the presence of anyone who may have fallen in. There were four alive off to the right, but Ellarna was not among them. Deanna wiped the tears from her eyes and tried to remain hopeful.
There were still two unaccounted for: Ellarna and Pe’Siona, a senatorial aide who was walking beside Ellarna at the time. Sorann was still puzzled by the apparent blackness of one area, which he knew to be where the quarantine area had been situated.
Sorann carefully lowered himself into the basement, followed closely by Deanna. They saw four people huddled together beside the wall, shaking with fear. After checking their condition, the two Guardians used their magic to lift them up and out of the basement to safety. Sorann found a fifth person who had died from the impact he had received from falling masonry.
They were now puzzled. All males had already been accounted for, so it was apparent the list of people was incorrect, and which meant there could be more than just Ellarna and Pe’Siona left to find.
Sorann raised the deceased man out and then resumed their search for the others. There was a large hole in the left wall of the room, and Sorann wondered if Ellarna had fallen into the adjacent one. He knew it was totally impervious to his senses, so would be entering it as if he was totally blind. It made him nervous not knowing what he may encounter, having forgotten what it was like to do anything without his senses enhanced by magic. Clambering up the pile of rubble against the wall, he made his way into the other room, with Deanna close on his heels. It was lit sufficiently for him to see where he was going.

Ellarna awoke and felt completely alone. She felt weak and was barely able to open her eyes. Her perception of her surroundings was vague and had no idea where she was. As the dizziness lessened and her eyes regained some focus, she became aware of the intense headache she possessed, and that every part of her body was in pain.
She was on her back with her left arm lying limp beside her body, the sleeve of her blouse torn from the shoulder down. Her arm and hand were covered in blood from a long gash that stretched from her shoulder to the elbow and several other abrasions. She tried to move it and cried out because of the pain.
Something warm trickled down the side of her face. She wiped it away with her right hand and winced as her fingers rubbed against the injury to the side of her head. A wave of nausea hit her and she felt very faint. She rested her head back on the pillar. Even though Ellarna knew she was in a bad way, she was unable to determine to what extent.
Her legs were trapped by a fallen pillar, and she was unable to feel or move her feet. The pain in her legs was so intense excruciating, it prevented her from knowing whether they were broken or crushed beyond repair. She feared the worst, believing she would never walk again.
Her left fore-arm was broken, although it was not a serious break because she was still able to move her wrist. When she took a deep breath to invigorate her body, she felt a sharp stabbing pain in her chest. Indications were that she had broken at least one rib. Blood seeped from a gash on her right side and even her right arm was bruised and painful.
Ellarna felt the nausea returning and tried to draw on her magic, but her head hurt and she found it hard to concentrate long enough. She tried to relax and reach out with her senses. For some unknown reason she was unable to sense anyone’s presence. Ellarna then realised she could feel nothing, absolutely nothing. Darkness threatened to engulf her as a feeling of weakness and complete helplessness engulfed her.
The injured woman felt herself slipping into unconsciousness and tried to draw on her magic again. This time she felt the power within and experienced some relief. Channelling that power into herself, she attempted to start repairing some of the damage to her broken and battered body. Lying still and as calm as possible while banishing any thoughts of death, pain and self-pity, she felt her power increase and her strength gradually return. It was sufficient to slow the physical deterioration for a while.
With all the rubble around and her head resting against broken masonry, it was immediately evident that something had gone wrong. The last thing she recalled was a massive explosion and a sensation of falling followed by intense pain. Women screamed in terror, her voice among them.
Ellarna wondered if the accident had caused a temporary loss of her sensory ability, and if so, hoped it would return. Now she had developed the ability, she found not being able to sense the presence of other beings disconcerting. As her magic began healing her injuries, the pain eased slightly and gave her considerable relief. She tried to look around, but was unable to see much, and her hearing was still impaired because of the explosion.
Feeling very lonely and anxious, she reached up to touch the necklace that Grogaan had given her. It was missing. She moved her head gently to the left and saw it among the rubble. The necklace had somehow been ripped from her neck when she fell and the two gems must have smashed when they hit the floor. She knew real gems did not smash so easily, and she began having bad feelings about the whole situation. Then she remembered the magical warning she received while Grogaan was inside the underground complex on Hiastora Two and wondered if there was a link.
Light began filtering into the room through a large hole in the side wall, which was just large enough to let her see everything more clearly. She attempted to move the pillar using her magic, but she was too weak and the pillar was too heavy.
There were several cages against one of the walls containing an unusual species of creature, all of which were looking at her. They had a rough leathery hide, yellow eyes and razor-sharp teeth. Ellarna shivered as she heard scratching noises and looked around. Two of the creatures appeared at the base of the rubble she was lying on. They did not usually attack large creatures, preferring small easier manageable prey, unless they were starving or encountered a creature that was already injured. Fortunately for her, they were unable to climb onto the pillar because of their very short stubby legs.
The two creatures just sat and watched her as if they were waiting for her to die. It was un-nerving, and Ellarna began to feel true fear for the first time. Then the dream Grogaan had told her about came to mind. She now understood why the dream had caused him such anxiety, distress and pain.
She tried hard to remember what happened when the explosion went off, but it was all a blur. Her throbbing head was too much to bear, and was beginning to affect her thinking and focus, so she just lay quietly and patiently.
Tears began trickling down her cheeks as the reality of her situation set in. Confidence in her safe rescue began waning, and whereas her strength had been increasing, the mental and physical strain from using her magic to heal her injuries began taking effect. Ellarna felt her power diminishing and knew she would be unable to maintain the level of concentration required to continue. Although she managed to seal some of her wounds, she was still losing blood from her legs. She was slowly bleeding to death, and she no longer had the strength to stop it.
The two Qarakans were now frantically trying to find a way up to her, the scent of blood tempting them. The dying woman had no doubt that their long sharp fangs would rip her apart in no time, and in her weakened state she would have little strength to fight them off. Ellarna wanted to cry out but did not have the strength.
Time was running out for Ellarna.

Deanna wanted to be the first to find her missing friend, so pushed passed Sorann, much to his frustration. As she neared the hole in the wall, the feeling of complete darkness washed over her and numbed her senses. She might as well have been blind and deaf for all the good they were to her, but she still pressed on into the other room regardless of the dangers.
There were a few pillars and several sharp metal projections blocking their passage. They began moving them one by one with great care. Several minutes later, the hole was large enough to pass through. Crawling over the top of the slab of concrete, Deanna let her eyes adjust to the darkened room and saw what appeared to be a body lying on a piece of masonry and partially covered by a concrete pillar.
Deanna immediately feared the worst. Her hopes of finding Ellarna alive diminished. She called out, but there was no reply, so she called out a little louder. This time there was movement.
Ellarna turned her head to see where the sound had come from. Although she heard it, she did not realise it was someone calling her. Through tear filled and bloodshot eyes she saw the familiar face of Deanna looking over the top of the rubble. Ellarna began to cry, relieved that she had been found at last, but she had no strength to speak or even raise her arm in acknowledgment.
Deanna scrambled carefully cross the debris and cried when she saw the extent of Ellarna’s injuries. She took her face in her hands and kissed her forehead. Her relief for finding her alive was so great, she found herself unable to speak.
Deanna turned to face the hole in the wall. “Sorann, you had better get in here quick. Ellarna’s alive but trapped, and in a bad way.” Even though healing was a weak discipline for Deanna, she immediately tried to use her powers to begin the process. It was enough to give Ellarna a little more strength, but it was insufficient to stop her deteriorating; it made Deanna feel so helpless.
She needed Sorann’s intervention.
Moments later, Sorann was beside them and adding his abilities to Deanna’s. They stabilised the injured woman as best they could, and then Sorann turned his attention to the pillar. Quickly ascertaining the situation, he used his magic to carefully and slowly move the piece and set it down somewhere safe. It took a considerable amount of concentration and effort because he had not yet fully recovered from his earlier exertion. Deanna quickly checked Ellarna’s legs. They were both badly broken. She had lost a lot of blood and required urgent medical treatment.
The two Guardians used their magic to straighten and fuse the bones back together, and then sealed the arteries and flesh the best they could. Ellarna was too weak and in pain to cry out when the bones moved. When they had finished and were satisfied, Deanna sat back breathing heavily. She was surprised at how mentally taxing the art of healing was. After Sorann dealt with the other broken bones, made Ellarna as comfortable as was possible. She was a strong woman, and although her condition was severe, Sorann believed she would survive once she received an infusion of blood. Even Sorann had to sit still for a few minutes to regain his composure and strength.
To avoid hurting the injured woman by lifting her up manually, Sorann levitated her to move her out of the room, and then placed her on a waiting hover bed. Deanna remained by her side and spoke to her before she was taken to the medical centre.
“Thank you, Deanna, Sorann. I don’t think I would have lasted much longer,” whispered Ellarna.
Deanna smiled without utterance.
Ellarna realised her ability to sense the presence of others had returned and she felt relieved, but there was something wrong. The grief felt by many over dead relatives and friends was obvious, but there was someone missing. Then she realised she was unable to sense Grogaan’s presence. Ellarna looked around and wondered why he was not there to greet her. She panicked. “Where’s Grogaan?”
Deanna did not know what to say, but her silence and the look in her eyes said more than she realised. Sorann also remained silent.
“What is it Sorann?” asked Ellarna.
“We’ll talk once you’ve received medical treatment and are a little stronger.” He indicated for the nurse to take her to the centre.
“That is not going to be easy,” said Deanna as she watched her friend being taken away.
Sorann shook his head in response and frowned. He sensed the presence of someone who was using magic, someone up ahead who had not been doing so a few moments before. ‘Curious’ he thought, but then sighed and forgot about it, realising it must have been Ellarna.
Ellarna began wondering if Grogaan had been killed, and that she had lost all she really cared about. Her magic was of no consequence now, nothing was, not even the fate of her home planet. Without Grogaan her life was empty. Ellarna felt so alone, so empty, she started to cry.
The nurse, who was a kind and considerate woman, knew her patient was distraught. She sensed Ellarna’s emotional pain and had to choke back her own tears. Re’Giana had sensed the disturbance in the realm just after the time of the explosion, had not known what she had felt, but knew it made her different. Now she sensed the presence of the woman lying on the hoverbed at her side as clearly as she could see her. She wondered how it was possible.
Ellarna sobbed and as Re’Giana rested her hand on the woman’s shoulder comfortingly, she felt the woman’s power. It made her shudder as it flowed up her arm and into her body, and her fingers tingled as if being touched by an energy beam. Her mind was opened to a new world, a whole new life, but Re’Giana did not understand what she was experiencing, or why. The nurse looked down and saw Ellarna smiling at her. Both nodded and smiled. They understood what each other was thinking. Ellarna then closed her eyes and fell asleep.
Shortly afterward, the rescue team brought Pe’Siona out. She was also in a bad way but would make a full recovery. Believing he had sufficient strength left to help her, Sorann stopped the orderly and did enough to ease the pain and speed the healing process. He then found somewhere to sit down and relax, and to give his body time to recuperate. He had not expended so much energy in such a short period for a very long time. He felt so drained.
Deanna sat beside him, wrapped her arm around his waist and rested her head against his shoulder. She too felt exhausted, but relieved. They sat in silence and watched as the workers continued clearing the area. It was sad work, but they did it with efficiency and purpose. All of those not involved gradually left to go home. Many were filled with sadness, and others bore the weight of grief for those who had died.
Sorann and Deanna were filled with mixed emotions over what had happened, but their major concerns were over Ellarna and Grogaan. They wondered what they would be facing in the coming days, and why events were transpiring with such life changing effect.





Chapter Twenty-Five

Da’Aranb, Da’Aranban System, Beraston Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Later that afternoon, Sorann and Deanna went to visit Ellarna in the medical facility. Much to their surprise, she was wide awake and was making a remarkably quick recovery. She had received several pints of blood and expert attention by Re’Giana, a nurse who possessed a natural and powerful gift in healing. Nobody would have believed how bad the Mabraantan woman had been only a few hours earlier. Even the two Guardians wondered if it had all been a very vivid dream.
After an emotional greeting, in which both Deanna and Ellarna shed more tears, Ellarna asked about her fiancé and why he was not with them.
Sorann began to explain. First, he told her about the gems and what their purpose was. Then he told her of the sorcerer whose life force had been encased inside them, and how Grogaan had been possessed. Although Grogaan was alive, he was not in control of his own body or mind; the sorcerer Temalleus was. In effect, Grogaan only existed in bodily form. In all other aspects, he was the sorcerer Temalleus.
Ellarna remained ominously silent, and Deanna was gravely concerned for her.
Ellarna was devastated. Her first reaction was to reject what was said, but she knew in her heart it was true; the visions Grogaan had told her about confirmed it. She tried to be strong, and retain control of her emotions, but it was too much for her to cope with and the tears began to flow. She became distraught, grief stricken, and filled with despair over the fate of her one true love. She closed her eyes tight as the grief wracked her body. She felt a stabbing pain in her heart as the intense emotion cut deep into her soul.
Amidst the pain and anguish, Ellarna remembered the trip they had made to Hiastora Two, and the feelings she experienced after Grogaan had entered the complex. She now knew they had been warnings of danger, but also that it was too late to feel angry for not pressing the issue at the time.
Sorann and Deanna saw how distressed Ellarna was, and they felt her raw emotion so acutely, their own bodies reacted to it. The sheer weight of those emotions affected Deanna so intensely, her legs almost buckled under the onslaught, and left her short of breath. Sorann did not react in the same way, nor was he surprised Deanna when reacted as she had. He suggested they leave Ellarna alone to come to terms with what had happened to her companion.
When the door closed behind them, Ellarna tried to use her magic to finish healing her injuries. At first, she was unable to concentrate because of the pain, but even as it eased, she found it difficult to focus her mind. She knew it was futile to keep trying, so she tried to relax, but her thoughts kept drifting to the events of the last few months. She pondered over them and how it affected her.
Ellarna was shocked at how much pain, grief and despair could inflict on one’s body, and how easy it was to succumb to that pain. It was very distressing, so she turned her attention from the past, and contemplated on what the future might hold in store for her, for her fiancé and for her homeworld. She wondered whether she would see him alive again, whether she would ever feel his love, his warmth, or his touch. She thought she could cry no more, but she did, and did so until sleep engulfed her.

It was late evening when Ellarna awoke. She was feeling a little better but had a raging thirst. Her eyes felt puffy from crying, and her body still ached. After pouring a glass of water, she sipped it and thought about the events of the day, how close she was to dying, and the shock of what Sorann had revealed to her about Grogaan.
She recalled the time before she met Grogaan. It was, as far as she was concerned, tedious, and lacked excitement. Life had been so different since their meeting in the Klaret Diner. It had been a whirlwind of adventure and excitement, but also fraught with troubles and danger. Despite it all, Ellarna was pleased to have met Grogaan when she did and would not want to change anything.
Ellarna tried to remember the dreams Grogaan told her about. As she pondered the events in each, she believed the three dreams were related, was convinced they were successive, and tried to determine the meaning behind them and who they referred to.
It was obvious the first dream had come to pass having been involved herself, but there was something about the other two that troubled her. In the first dream there had been no indication of a man standing and laughing, but there had been when the vision had come to pass. She wondered if the person shrouded in mists in the second and third dreams was her companion. At first, she was unable to accept it, but as she continued to ponder them and the image that formed in her mind, she heard a gentle whisper in her ear.
She turned her head to see who had spoken, but there was nobody in the room. A cold shiver shot up her spine, and she knew it was a warning. Something bad was going to happen soon. She was sure of it: As sure as she had been earlier when she knew something had happened to Grogaan. It was also something that Sorann had revealed when he visited her earlier.
Ellarna thought again of the second dream. It was about a sorcerer and lightning emanating from his hands. As she pictured the image in her mind, she knew in her heart that it was Grogaan, and that he was indeed possessed by the evil sorcerer Temalleus. She sensed another prompting from the astral realm and was filled with despair. There was no longer any doubt in her mind; all of them were about him and his future, but they were not dreams, they were visions of future events that were coming to pass at that very moment. She knew many people were going to die.
Ellarna started crying again. She understood why her fiancé’s concerns about his future had been so burdensome for him, and why it caused him so much turmoil and anguish. Taking a deep breath, she opened her mind to the influence of the astral realm and let its power flow through her body calming her mind and senses. As her thoughts traversed beyond the physical, it was revealed that the whisper she heard had emanated from within the astral realm. Ellarna focused on her magic and an image formed in her mind. It was the same as the second vision Grogaan had told her about.
Two men were standing in the centre of the open courtyard of an Imperial installation; one man’s features were obscured, but the other was an Imperial officer. The latter said something and went to draw his weapon, but he was too slow.
Blue lightning emanated from the hands of the other man and struck the Imperial in the chest. It then encompassed him, and moments later, he burst into flames. A few seconds later, the man had been reduced to a pile of ashes. She then saw Grogaan direct his lightning at the soldiers around the compound, who burst into flames or were blown apart.
The sight sent a shockwave through Ellarna’s senses, but she maintained her concentration. The image rotated, and the face of the man from whose hands the lightning flowed, was revealed to her. She thought she was prepared for the revelation, but the sight of Grogaan’s face was still a great shock.
His expression was filled with hatred and anger, his eyes were narrowed and evil, and he appeared to be enjoying the pain and destruction he was inflicting on the Imperial forces. Ellarna could bear the sight no longer. She closed her mind to the image and terminated her mediation.
Ellarna got up, dressed, and was tidying her hair when the nurse entered to check on her. Re’Giana protested at her patient getting up and insisted she returned to bed and rest, but Ellarna refused to listen. The nurse tried hard to persuade her to desist leaving, advising her that her condition was not stable enough to cope with any undue stress or exertion, but to no avail. Ellarna was a strong woman both physically and mentally, independent and headstrong, and absolved Re’Giana of any responsibility over what might happen.
Ellarna turned and looked deep into Re’Giana’s eyes, letting her magic speak through her. She had felt the nurse’s power flow into her body every time she touched her, and she knew without doubt that the nurse was gifted in the art of magic. It had been Re’Giana’s gift that had been the primary factor in Ellarna’s rapid healing.
Re’Giana had always known she was different, but she had no idea it was magic that gave her that ability. Now Ellarna needed her to understand the truth and share their power for a few moments.
At Ellarna’s instruction, they placed one hand on the side of each other’s face and pressed the others together at chest height. Ellarna let her magic flow through the union, while touching Re’Giana’s mind with hers. The nurse was nervous. She was about to break contact when Ellarna reassured her everything was alright. As their power united and flowed as one, Ellarna’s weakness and the remnants of her injuries healed with such rapidity that both were astounded.
The benefit to the Guardian was physical healing, but for Re’Giana it was mental and spiritual. She felt her mind and spirit becoming receptive to the power of magic, sensed the astral realm, and even began sensing people around her. It appeared as if a light had been switched on inside her mind, and now she was able to see what had been denied her for so long. At first, she was frightened by these new sensations, but as she felt Ellarna’s calm reassurance filling her mind, she relaxed and began to enjoy them.
Asking the Guardian what it meant, Re’Giana received an answer she did not expect; she was adept in magic, a wizardess, and she should be trained as a Guardian. The nurse became anxious at the prospect of becoming a Guardian and leaving her home, but Ellarna promised to talk to her about her gifts and what it meant on her return. She would then arrange for her to begin training if that was what she wanted. Re’Giana smiled, feeling more settled, but her concerns for the Guardian did not diminish. It was no longer over her health, but what Ellarna might discover regarding the fate of her fiancé.
Ellarna smiled back, placed her hand on the nurse’s cheek and told her not to worry. She advised her not to mention her gifts to anyone, not until after they had spoken on her return. Then she left.
As she watched her new friend leave, Re’Giana sensed a spiritual connection between them. It was a bond of friendship that surpassed anything she had experienced before, one that touched her in a profound way. Now she no longer felt lost or alone. Even though they had only just met, she knew she could trust the Guardian implicitly.
While Re’Giana sat on the edge of the bed and thought about her future, Ellarna rushed to the space dock, commandeered Sorann’s yacht, and was soon heading for the nearest star system under Imperial rule: Glaxtor.

Sorann and Deanna awoke early, neither having slept well and felt drained and unsettled. Both had dreams that appeared to make no sense, and neither Guardian was any wiser about Grogaan’s fate. The hotel dining room was too busy and noisy, so they decided to go to the nearby cantina for breakfast. It was quieter with only a few diners present. They enjoyed a relaxing, peaceful time together, which helped rejuvenate them and restore their inner calm.
Despite reservations, the two Guardians discussed the events of the last few days, their concerns about Grogaan, and the impact it would have on Ellarna. They also touched on what they might face in the future, which did not look very promising. There were too many unknown factors, too many probabilities, and something they had never had to deal with before: A Guardian possessed by another sorcerer.
After finishing their meal, the two strolled through the gardens that surrounded the ruins of the Government building. The plants and bushes were still covered in concrete dust, but it was pleasant, and their scent filled the air. There was a strange and ominous silence about the place, one usually associated with death. There were people walking around, but none of them were engineers, construction workers, or emergency crews. Nothing was being done to the ruins.
It was a day of mourning and contemplation, and decisions would have to be made about the future of the site. The Governor was sitting on one of the benches among the raised flower beds, a datapad resting on his lap.
He was gazing at the ruins of what was once an architectural delight, his expression sad, and he was distraught at its destruction and that of the artefacts within. He knew he had to come to a decision, but it was proving to be a dilemma. Should they rebuild on the same spot or elsewhere? Should they create a permanent memorial for the dead where the building once stood or not?
“I hope we’re not disturbing your solitude Governor,” said Deanna.
“Not at all,” he replied. “Please, do sit and tell me how Miss Rayshon is fairing. I hope she is recovering.” His voice was filled with concern.
Deanna smiled. “She is indeed, and much faster than we thought she would. We have no doubts that she’ll make a full recovery.”
“Oh, that is excellent news.”
“How is your daughter, Governor?” asked Sorann.
“She will also make a full recovery thanks to you, Guardian Taggash. I am forever in your debt regardless of what you say. Our daughter is so important and special; to have lost her would have destroyed us.”
“I’m so relieved. Please give her our best wishes when you see her next.” Sorann and Deanna got up to leave.
“I saw Te’Endsa earlier. She is asking after Squadron Leader Learman and Miss Rayshon. I’m afraid she doesn’t seem to be recovering as well as expected,” said La’Astor sadly.
“We’ll call in and see her when we next visit Ellarna.”
The two Guardians left the Governor to his thoughts. They continued walking through the gardens for a little longer, giving themselves more time to contemplate and rejuvenate before heading to the medical facility. They entered the building and asked Re’Giana how the patients were doing. She confirmed what the Governor had said about Te’Endsa, and then asked the two Guardians if they were able to help in any way. Even with her innate gift of healing, the nurse had not been able to help Te’Endsa, much to her frustration. She then told them that Ellarna had discharged herself against her advice.
The nurse was concerned, but not as much as Sorann expected her to be. When he asked her why, she declined giving an explanation. He was also intrigued at Re’Giana’s seemingly powerful gift and sensitivity to the power of the astral realm, which he had only now begun to perceive. He wondered what had happened since they last spoke to have caused such a change in her.
Sorann knew something happened before Ellarna had left, and he wanted to ask the nurse about it, but knew she would refuse to divulge anything. Although deeply concerned about Ellarna, Deanna insisted on seeing Te’Endsa first.
Sorann did not object.
Deanna was saddened to see how bad the Da’Aranban looked, and surprised that she had not improved at all. Without hesitation she went and sat at her bedside and placed her hands on the injured woman’s head. Focussing her thoughts, she let her magic do its work. Joined by Sorann, the two took away some of the pain, and after healing the wounds as much as possible, placed her into a healing trance. Both sensed the physical and emotional stresses lessen, but something was hindering her full mental recovery. Neither of them could determine what it was, nor could they overcome it. However, they were satisfied Te’Endsa was stable and would improve.

It was obvious that Ellarna had gone in search of Grogaan. Sorann was convinced that despite her remarkably fast recovery, Ellarna was not fit enough to embark on such a venture. Deanna agreed with him. Their main concern was in what condition she would find her fiancé, and how that would impact on her. Unfortunately, none of them knew, or could know, to what extent the sorcerer’s life essence had taken control of the Mabraantan. Nor could they begin to imagine just how dangerous or powerful he could become.
While they strolled from the medical facility, they discussed whether it was wise to pursue Ellarna straight away, or to leave it for a day or two. They knew it had to be sooner rather than later, because too much was at stake. Their first problem became apparent the moment they entered the docking bay where Sorann’s yacht was supposed to be parked. It was gone. Sorann laughed and admired Ellarna’s audacity.
Deanna entered the communications room and tried to contact Ellarna over the comms system. Either she was refusing to respond, or simply could not do so, which added to their growing concerns. There had been several disturbances in the astral realm over the last few days, some of them very strong and worrying. As a result, their fear for the safety of both Grogaan and Ellarna increased as each minute passed, as well as the fate of the quadrant and the Republic.
Sorann considered the implications of pursuing Ellarna immediately and then assisting in locating Grogaan. Against Deanna’s better judgement, he decided it was the right thing to do. The risk in requesting assistance from, and then waiting for other Guardians to arrive was too great. At least if they caught up with Ellarna, they would be able to contact their colleagues and get them to fly directly to wherever they were. Sorann was convinced this was the only way they would be able to maintain any hope of tracking them down.
It took them an hour to locate a ship that suited their purpose, and they were setting course for the nearest system soon afterward. Deanna remained unsure about what they were doing even though she knew they had no real choice. Their friends were in grave danger, and they owed it to them to do all they could to save them from themselves, and whatever else they might face.
Deanna gazed at Sorann as his hands darted across the control panels, piloting the ship up and out of the planet’s atmosphere. Over the years they had known each other, Deanna had grown to admire him to the point of hoping that one day soon, he would ask her to marry him.
Even though they had their disagreements in the past, some being quite tumultuous to the point of damaging their friendship beyond repair, the two had managed to smooth over them. Deanna attributed those bad times to the event that had drawn them together in the first place, and the subsequent circumstances that placed them both in very difficult situations.
Her patience with him had almost run dry on numerous occasions. It was usually when he involved himself in issues and situations where he was not called upon, and when she had pleaded with him not to. His stubborn insistence on being involved continually strained their relationship, so much so that Deanna sometimes felt inclined to break it off and return home.
There had been times when he resolved to reduce his involvement, times when Deanna believed he had been trying to pluck up the courage to ask her to marry him. Then, as was usual, either some event or situation would arise and prevent him doing so, or he had given in to his doubts about her accepting him or not. She knew in her heart their relationship could not continue as it had done over the last few years. Never knowing whether he would ask or not, and whether he would always find an excuse to avoid the issue, was a constant threat to her resolve.
Deanna was unable to stop the feeling of disillusionment seeping into her spirit, and the sadness of not being able to seal the love they shared. ‘Maybe after seeing how devoted Ellarna was to Grogaan and what he means to her, he might realise how fragile life is, even for Guardians.’ She remembered the moment they arrived on Da’Aranb, and had sensed his emotions, his thoughts, and his true feelings toward her. It made her smile and think there was real hope for them together. ‘Perhaps now he will finally ask me,’ she thought.
With the current situation in hand, she knew the fate of their new friends was important, and they had to do all that was possible to help. Deanna decided she would make it clear to Sorann how important their relationship was, but not until the current situation had been resolved. His actions and decisions over the next few days would confirm if what she had sensed about his feelings toward her were true or not. If it was true but he did nothing about it, and it appeared as if their relationship was not going develop further, she would leave him and return to her home world of Feranestia.





Chapter Twenty-Six

Glaxtor, Glaxtorron System, Beraston Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Grogaan was now under the influence and complete control of the sorcerer Temalleus, his own consciousness having been pushed to the far recesses of his mind, and his spirit compressed to the point of destruction. The only resemblance he retained was in his appearance. Everything else had changed: His mannerism, behaviour, character and personality were now that of his possessor.
When interrogating Hemstack, Temalleus discovered the smuggler had been contacted by a collector of religious artefacts. For unknown reasons, that collector wanted the Guardians murdered, and had arranged for the unfortunate man to do their heinous deed. Temalleus knew the collector was actually a sorcerer from the Hebradon Empire, having gleaned the information from the subconscious mind of the one whom he now possessed. The nearest Imperial base to Da’Aranb was situated on Glaxtor, so he decided to start his investigation and search there.
Just after leaving Da’Aranb, he decided to visit Hiastora Two, specifically the underground complex his host discovered on his previous visit. On arrival in the system, the sensors indicated the Republican troops and scientists had already left the planet. This allowed him to fly directly to, and land at the second entrance to the complex, the one not yet discovered by the Republicans. Setting the ship down among the trees, Temalleus left all systems on standby for a quick take off and made his way to the complex.
The second entrance was also overgrown, but he only removed what was necessary to gain access. Once inside, he located the rest room where he recalled spending his last few hours. That was over a hundred and thirty years ago.
Safely stored in the electronically sealed wall unit were his few possessions: A pendant bearing the family crest, a ring with the same crest, a utility belt and two powerswords. One of the powerswords was the latest design that used energy only. The other was an older version, the one he most preferred. It was more reminiscent of times of old. A time when honour was more important, not that Temalleus cared for such trivialities now. It was so unlike the days of his youth when he strived to be good and honourable in his actions.
Temalleus laughed at the memory, at his weakness and incapability. He was different now. He was much stronger and full of evil intent, with no compassion or mercy left in his soul for anyone who would hinder his plans and ambitions. Being rejuvenated into such a powerful Guardian was more than he had dreamed possible when he first decided to allow his spirit to be extracted. He slipped the ring on his finger, which fitted perfectly, draped the pendant around his neck, and attached the scabbard containing his sword to his utility belt. All three actions gave him unusual comfort.
After pondering what to do, Temalleus decided to keep his host’s sword clipped to his belt. It was better than his own, more intricately designed and a more powerful weapon. He then went to check if the four red crystals that contained the essence of his friend, Zecharhan, were still in place. He became angry when he saw they had been removed, but seeing the two smashed green gems on the floor brought a sinister smile to his face.
He briefly wondered what happened to his people and those who promised him a life that would span centuries. The sorcerer laughed at the irony of it all; he was alive and they were all dead, their descendents either deceased or settled elsewhere. He brushed aside his thoughts of them: It was of no consequence now. The sorcerer was alive and possessed more power than any other sorcerer in history, and would reclaim what was his, but not before satisfying his host’s vendetta. Then he would attempt to reclaim the gems wherein his friend’s essence was stored, find a suitable host, and bring Zecharhan back to the living.
After checking a few more things around the complex, Temalleus returned to the surface. He sealed the entrance, rearranged the vegetation to look as if it had been undisturbed, and took off to his planned destination.

Glaxtor, in comparison to most of the worlds in the Ladorran Quadrant, was sparsely populated. It was not a very beautiful world. Most of the land consisted of vast mountain ranges that were covered in thin vegetation on the outer fringes and bare rock everywhere else. The non-mountainous regions were located near the equator and were mostly dry hot desert.
The Hebradon Empire drew the world into its clutches with unexpected ease. The inhabitants were too complacent to even protest at the invasion, and welcomed the Imperial occupation hoping it would bring some prosperity to them. With a people so easy to please, the Imperials faced no problems in persuading them to accept Imperial rule, even that of an Empire that originated from a different quadrant. This allowed the Hefrask sisters to build not only a garrison, but their first major staging post for further conquest of the quadrant. The Glaxtorron System also had the advantage of being on the outermost edge of the Ladorran Quadrant, and the first system in the flight path from the Gaashox Quadrant through the Mantoa asteroid belt.
To the sorcerer’s sinister delight, the Imperial Centre and main garrison were located on the outskirts of different cities, which made it easier for him to carry out his intensions. Before leaving Marderas on the mission to Da’Aranb, his host had acquired most of the Imperial authorisation codes from Admiral Jeffron. On approach to Glaxtor, he made contact, and using one of those codes, obtained authorisation to land at the Imperial garrison.
Temalleus shut down the ship’s engines and flight systems, lowered the boarding ramp, and then waited cautiously a few moments. Despite being in a new quadrant, the Imperials on the base were being rather complacent in their duties regarding new arrivals. Temalleus assumed it was because the code he had provided was used by the Imperials recently, and so expected nothing suspicious about the ship’s arrival.
After some deliberation, he left the ship carrying only the older version powersword, the one that utilised an extending metal blade around which the energy beam was focussed. The advantage of this version was that it could be used without power, rendering it more like a sword of ancient times. Its use in this state also hid the fact that a powersword had been used, thus hiding the true perpetrator of the incident.
Leaving the docking area, the sorcerer made his way to the main complex where he would start his investigation. Passing through the inner gatehouse, he entered a small open compound and saw an Imperial officer walking in his direction. They stopped about a metre apart. The officer looked at Temalleus with suspicion. He recognised the weapon hanging from his belt, and believed he was in the presence of an Imperial Governor, but he did not recognise the man.
“And whom may I ask, are you?” the Imperial demanded.
“That’s of no concern to you Major. Orders were given to terminate the lives of two Guardians residing on the planet Da’Aranb. I need to know who gave those orders.”
The Major glared at the stranger standing before him. He knew when an Imperial Governor demanded answers he had no choice but to comply. He was aware of one order that had been issued which related to terminating the lives of certain individuals, but he knew nothing of the details or who issued them.
Temalleus drew on his magic and probed deep into the mind of the officer. He spoke the truth. He did know, however, that such an order could only be issued by the authority of a flag officer, usually that of an admiral or one of the Imperial Governors. The details of such orders were on a need to know basis only, and the Major did not need to know.
The Imperial was becoming suspicious and concerned at the presence of this unknown person in his garrison. He carried no orders or good reason for being present at the base, nor had he not identified himself as an Imperial Governor. All senior officers in the Imperial fleet were expected to know their names. “How did you gain access to our authorisation codes?” he demanded.
Temalleus remained silent as he continued probing the Major’s mind. He learnt the names of the three other systems conquered by the Empire, the locations of the garrisons and the Imperial headquarters.
Without provocation, the Major called out for the guards to come and restrain the stranger. Before he was able to draw his own laser pistol, the sorcerer lifted him off the ground using his magic, and then hurled him across the compound. He hit the wall with a bone-crunching thud and fell to the ground in a heap. Within moments, Imperial soldiers opened fire. Laser bolts streaked across the compound in every direction, and the quiet base erupted in a blaze of activity with soldiers rushing out of buildings, climbing the ramparts and taking up defensive positions.
Temalleus gazed around the compound for a few moments before raising his arms and pointing them toward the soldiers. Spreading his fingers outwards and with mere thought, blue lightning erupted from his fingertips streaking toward his assailants. Several laser bolts hit the Guardian with no effect to his body, but they left small burns in his clothing. The soldiers closest to him were killed instantly as the lightning struck them in the chest.
As the power of the lightning increased and enveloped the bodies, they burst into flames, and were soon unrecognisable heaps of charred flesh and ash. The other soldiers positioned on the parapets fired with greater rapidity, but to no avail. Temalleus absorbed the power of the laser bolts with ease. He then channelled it through his body converting it into electrical charge, which increased the intensity of his lightning.
The effect Temalleus had on Grogaan was profound. Using his enhanced power, he directed it at every person that moved and every object he could see, including the walls of the compound. Soldiers either fell to the ground, burnt to a charred heap, or exploded into oblivion as they were hit by the intense power. The sorcerer smiled as he wreaked death and destruction upon the garrison.
He laughed at the feeble attempts of the Imperials to stop him.
Several minutes later everyone was dead, so he continued destroying the remaining buildings. When finished, Temalleus let out a deep breath and stood in the centre of the compound with his arms by his side. When he surveyed the piles of rubble that was once the Imperial garrison, he smiled. Delight and satisfaction filled his soul. The sorcerer was now one step closer to discovering the names of those who carried out the orders to kill him and his companion. Although he had his suspicions, he needed confirmation.
As Temalleus turned to leave the garrison, he heard the unmistakeable whine of Imperial Zilon fighters and a shuttle heading his way. The ships reduced their velocity as they neared the base. When the pilot of the shuttle saw the devastation, he initiated the emergency scramble code. He looked out again and was intrigued to see one man standing in the centre of the ruins.
They had no time to do anything else, not even report in.
Temalleus raised his arms toward the ships and sent blue lightning at them. It struck with devastating effect. The shielding was totally incapable of absorbing such power and each ship exploded. He laughed aloud again, and was filled with gratification. He had been a powerful sorcerer in his previous life, but he was astounded at the phenomenal power he now wielded. There was nothing that could prevent him from succeeding where he had failed before, not even the Guardian whose body he now possessed.
The host ceased to be evident, his consciousness forced into the deepest recesses of his mind. Grogaan was no longer himself. He was now the dark sorcerer Temalleus, whose essence, whose spirit, whose existence was now in complete control mentally, physically and spiritually. He laughed again, a sinister and evil laugh that reverberated through the astral realm.
Temalleus Feringita had returned from the dead.
He would now fulfil his dreams of gaining power and domination, because now he had the power nobody could withstand. Nothing could stop him now. Delighted at his achievement, Temalleus returned to his ship and departed for his next target.

When the ships failed to report in or return to the Imperial Centre, the commanding officer knew something suspicious had happened. He ordered the deployment of two Desalon Class landing craft, which were sent to investigate what had happened at the forward garrison. Each craft carried six squads of troops, one captain and two lieutenants. Walking out of the landing craft, Captain Holdeex was amazed at the sight before him.
He did not understand how such devastation could have occurred without them knowing about it one way or another. It would have taken a major assault with heavily armed ships or vehicles to do such a thing, but they had picked up no such activity on their sensors. He deployed the soldiers who immediately searched the entire area for any survivors, and for clues that might tell them who or what attacked the garrison. Much to the Captain’s displeasure and frustration, all they found was destroyed equipment, buildings and crushed or burnt, smouldering corpses. The sight was sickening. Never had he seen so many soldiers killed in this manner.
As the Imperial considered the situation, his first belief was that the attack had been directed from an aerial assault. He wandered around examining the ruins more closely and saw evidence that indicated the attack had been conducted from within the garrison. It was obvious that whatever or whoever was behind the attack, had been positioned in the centre of the courtyard.
Holdeex knew it was impossible to smuggle such powerful equipment inside a garrison, but he had seen many strange things during his long career in the military. Someone or something had gained entry and had carried out this inexplicable destruction. He recalled the soldiers and returned to the landing craft.
Captain Holdeex was convinced they would be dealing with a new weapon, one that was very powerful and that could destroy buildings and incinerate bodies. He shuddered at the thought. Once on board, he contacted the Imperial Centre and informed the colonel of what had happened.





Chapter Twenty-Seven

Shankart, Shekron System, Beraston Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Temalleus set course for Shankart and his next target. When he entered the system, he was contacted by the Imperials, who demanded to know his purpose for being in the system, and to transmit the relevant authorisation codes. He ignored the first element of the request but transmitted the relevant code that he had obtained from Admiral Jeffron.
When the communications officer told him to hold position, the sorcerer knew there was a problem. It was obvious Imperial Command had issued new codes following the destruction of the base on Glaxtor. A few moments later he was given two options: Remain on his current trajectory and await an escort or leave the system immediately. Temalleus promptly ignored the order .
Six Zilon starfighters were deployed to intercept him, but they did not last very long. Expecting to escort an unarmed pleasure ship, the Imperials were taken completely by surprise when it opened fired on them. With a sinister smile, the sorcerer continued to the planet’s surface and landed a short distance from the base. He covered the ship with sensor and camouflage nets, and then set off for the base on foot.
The sorcerer’s actions were filling his soul with excitement. He relished the opportunity to inflict more destruction and death upon the Imperials. As he strode purposefully toward his target, he began preparing himself for the coming onslaught. When he saw several squads of Eloran Commandos waiting outside for him, he laughed and anticipated the coming confrontation. It was obvious the base was on full alert, and for one man it seemed a trifle excessive. The commander must have been informed about Glaxtor and was ordered to take no chances. The unsuspecting Imperial officer had no idea how futile his precautions were.
Temalleus terminated the spell that obscured his presence when he was about fifty metres from the troops. It would have been so easy for him to walk straight through them if he had so desired, but he wanted to interrogate every officer.
The Captain stepped forward a few paces and ordered Temalleus to stop and explain his presence. The sorcerer moved closer and the soldiers readied their weapons. He ignored them and asked the Imperial officer if he knew who was behind the atrocities on Da’Aranb. When the man refused to answer, Temalleus used his magic to restrain the officer, and probed his mind.
Holding the Captain motionless and lifting him off the ground, Temalleus backed away a few metres, raised his arms and pointed his hands toward the soldiers, his fingers loosely curled. The soldiers had spread out in an arc and were ready to open fire if the command was given. Many of the soldiers had seen such acts before, having served in the Belocian Imperial Forces.
As Temalleus probed deeper into the officer’s mind, the helpless man began to squirm as the pain intensified. He tried to call out to his troops to open fire, but only a feeble groan escaped his mouth. Three things then happened simultaneously: The soldiers opened fire on Temalleus; the Imperial officer fell to the ground in a crumpled heap; the sorcerer flicked his fingers outward sending lightning at his enemy.
The stubborn officer crawled away and got to his feet behind the ranks of his men. He then stood frozen to the spot as he witnessed the scene unfolding before him. The laser bolts were absorbed by the lightning or did nothing more than burn a few holes in the sorcerer’s cloak. The commandos fell to the ground writhing in agony as their bodies were burnt to ashes.
The soldiers watching from the walls stared in disbelief and shock. Some were sickened by the sight of their comrades burning to death, but others that were capable, opened fire on the stranger, but to no effect.
They did not expect to see what followed.
Taking a deep breath and focussing his mind, Temalleus absorbed the power from every laser blast that hit him. He then channelled it back through his body increasing the intensity of his magic. Many of the soldiers standing on the parapets either burst into flames or exploded from the intense power. The main gates of the base opened and dozens more soldiers poured out, firing relentlessly at their single enemy. Most of their shots either missed or were absorbed by the sorcerer himself, or by the lightning. Almost every man died writhing in agony.
When the flow of Imperial soldiers stopped, there were piles of ashes or dismembered arms, heads and legs lying everywhere. The walls of the base looked as if they had been hit by a massive armoured assault. With an air of confidence, the sorcerer entered the base and was confronted by four armoured troop carriers.
Temalleus laughed at the feeble attempt made by the Imperials to prevent his advancing wave of destruction, and then released his full fury through his magic. The lightning hit and encompassed the vehicles. The outer surfaces blackened as the coating burnt, metal plates buckled, electronics sparked and exploded, and then the power generators exploded one by one. This caused a chain reaction that ripped the vehicles apart killing all the occupants. He then raised the broken vehicles using his magic and hurled them across the compound.
Feeling elated, Temalleus took a steadying breath and began searching for survivors. There was one junior officer left alive, a recently graduated leutenant who had not yet seen battle or death. He was petrified and was cowering in the corner of one of the outer buildings.
With fear etched into his features, the man begged for his life, expecting nothing except a painful death. For a reason unknown to the sorcerer, he let him live. Temalleus restrained him for a moment while he probed his mind, but he found nothing of use. When released from the unseen grip, the petrified young man got to his feet and ran as fast as his legs would carry him.
Temalleus smiled as he watched him run away. ‘So many young men dying needlessly for an Empire that will eventually fall,’ he thought. For the briefest of moments, a sense of grief over the deaths of the soldiers plagued the sorcerer’s mind. He casually brushed the emotion away. Returning to the centre of the courtyard, Temalleus proceeded to destroy the base, which did not take long. Not one wall or inner building was left standing. Satisfied and yet disappointed, the sorcerer walked casually away from the ruins and back to his ship.
He now knew Empress Treyanna Hefrask was responsible for the death of Ellarna. Now he wanted to discover who carried out the deed, who manipulated Hemstack, and who gave him the triggering device.





Chapter Twenty-Eight

Cassen System, Solkar Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

It was not long after the destruction of the second Imperial base that the sector Commander, General Fischard, heard of the troubles. He was puzzled why the two base commanders had not attempted any communication with the cruiser before the attacks, which made the situation very suspicious and worrying.
He knew there had been similar occurrences in the days of the Belocian Empire, where military installations had been destroyed before any communication could be made. Those events had occurred during the conflict with the Confederation of Star Systems, events that were the result of covert operations undertaken by a crack team of commandos led by General Taggash. The very memory of the name was enough to instil anger toward the Guardian, although Fischard did respect the man’s capabilities and cunning.
A supply ship visited the two bases on routine flights and reported what they discovered. The only survivor was a young Lieutenant that was incoherent, and who kept babbling on about lightning and men burning to death. Nobody was able to understand what he was talking about. Now General Fischard had the unfortunate duty to inform the Empress directly, something he was not looking forward to doing.
He was a strong man both physically and mentally, had borne the brunt of many an angry senior officer over his long career, but he had never had to stand before an angry Ruler before. In the days of the Belocian Empire, only supreme chancellors, marshals, and senior senators ever approached the Emperor. Empress Treyanna was very different. She liked to deal directly with her senior commanders, even captains as and when the circumstances required it. He waited anxiously outside her private quarters, wondering how she would react.
The new personal aide, Sulienna, appeared bearing a pleasant smile. “The Empress will see you know,” she said and led him into the inner chamber.
General Fischard gazed admiringly at the aide. He found her far more attractive and appealing than Treyanna’s former aide, Selayna Marasenn. “Thank you,” he said hiding his nervousness as he followed her inside.
“General Fischard, I do hope the news you bring is important enough to disturb me from my relaxation.” Treyanna looked at him with a neutral expression, but there was no hiding her annoyance at being disturbed.
Fischard swallowed hard, “It is, Ma’am, but I’m afraid it’s bad news.”
The Empress’s expression remained unchanged, which surprised the General. “Well, are you going to keep me waiting for the news?”
“The Imperial installations on Glaxtor and Shankart have been completely destroyed by an unknown enemy and weapon.” The officer awaited the Empress’s response, expecting it to be a furious one, and was unprepared for the calm, controlled reply.
“That is disappointing, General Fischard,” she sighed. “Can you tell me anything of the damage inflicted?”
The General summarised the reports submitted, the direction the attacks had originated, the suspected method of the attacks, and how the soldiers had apparently been killed.
Treyanna took careful note of what the General said, especially about how the soldiers met their deaths. The evidence suggested they had been killed by an extremely high charge of energy usually associated with electrical power, or lightning. How the walls had been destroyed was something that required more contemplation. “Thank you, General. That will be all.”
The General returned to the bridge, still surprised at the Empress’s reaction to the news. As he exited the turbo lift, Fischard noticed the crewmembers were watching him intently. He assumed they were trying to see what mood he was in after bearing such bad news to the Empress. It was obvious they were surprised to see him looking calm and unworried.
The General smiled. He then ordered the communications officer to contact the Imperial bases on Rhader Three and Cassendra. He was to inform them about what had happened on Glaxtor and Shankart, to be extra vigilant, and to report anything suspicious without delay. Under no circumstances were they to act without first communicating with the command ship.
Fischard sat in his command chair and considered how fortunate he was to still be alive. In the old Belocian Empire no failure would have been tolerated, even if there had been no way to prevent the incident, such as that which had already occurred on Glaxtor and Shankart. Too many good officers had been executed for failures that were beyond their control. A good portion of those failures had been trivial mistakes that are common among young officers in situations they had never encountered before. This action was always considered wasteful and unnecessary by many flag officers, but they remained silent knowing they would face a similar fate if they dared speak out against it. That was the one great benefit in the demise of the old Empire; it put an end to a brutal regime that cared little for its people.
Those on the bridge relaxed quickly knowing the General appeared to be in such good spirits. He smiled again as he gazed around the bridge. While he sat quietly gazing out of the main view port, the Captain approached and enquired how the Empress had taken the news. He was as surprised as the rest of the crew to hear how the Empress had reacted. The two had served on the same ship for many years and had become good friends, something that had been difficult to do in the old regime. They had seen many good officers executed and counted themselves fortunate.

When General Fischard left her quarters, Treyanna resumed her meditation. The lights in her inner chamber were dimmed low, and music from the Sarena System was playing quietly in the background. It was her favourite method of relaxing and calming her spirit. The news he brought was disappointing and puzzling, but she was not yet in the right frame of mind to consider the implications. Instead, she focussed on the music and cleared her thoughts.
Toward the end of her time of meditation, she allowed her mind to link with the astral realm and almost immediately sensed the presence of a powerful sorcerer in the region. When she focussed on the disturbance, she noticed it felt identical to the one she sensed whilst in the Breolis System. However, there was something profoundly different about it this time, and it piqued her curiosity.
As she let her magic influence her thoughts and reasoning, she became convinced there was a more sinister element accompanying this presence. It appeared as if there were two sorcerers entwined together by some quirk of nature, a trick created by the realm, but she was unable to determine the precise cause of it.
The Empress was convinced this was a Guardian, and the perpetrator of the destruction of her two installations. The peculiarity was that this level of destruction was not something usually associated with a Guardian or sorcerer. She needed to find out how and why this individual carried out such an act of destruction, if it was him that committed it. She also wondered why and how he was so different from every other sorcerer she had encountered so far.
Treyanna called her personal aide and asked her to inform the Captain she required a landing craft prepared, and to have six squads of Eloran Commandos ready for flight immediately. When her aide had left the room, Treyanna called her sister. “Ah Roweyna there you are. I have a feeling that something good is about to happen, so I will be taking a short trip to Cassendra. Have Santarg and Pendrett meet me on the hangar deck. The commandos are already being selected.”
“Can I ask why you are taking commandos with you?” When she did not reply, Roweyna continued. “It has something to do with those Guardians we planned to have killed on Da’Aranb, isn’t it?”
“Maybe, but I’m not really sure. I have discovered the presence of another Guardian in the area, one that is more powerful than those encountered on Da’Aranb. I believe this Guardian is the same one that destroyed our starfighters and cruisers over Mabraant.”
Roweyna looked at her sister with concern. “Would it not be a wiser choice to take Kopranton and Sharana, or even Gerramine and Petranisa? They have far more experience in magic and are our most talented disciples.”
“They are far too important for a task such as this, and I cannot wait for Gerramine and Petranisa to arrive. Besides, I will require their expertise elsewhere, and they are too important to risk their lives in matters that may not be resolved in the way I hope.”
Roweyna was unconvinced of her sister’s choice, but did not press the issue, so she contacted the two sorcerers as requested. She knew she had to respect her sister’s understanding of the realm and the choices she made, regardless of what she believed. Her sister had, as far as Roweyna was concerned, made only one error in judgement to this point in time. Even so, she wished Treyanna would be far more cautious now everything was looking so perfect. This new Guardian was an unknown factor, a wild element that could be the undoing of all they had achieved.





Chapter Twenty-Nine

Rhaderon System, Solkar Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Supreme Chancellor Pakrowask stood on the bridge of the Gallant. His own personal ship, the Stalker, had limped back to Faidan for a major rebuild. It had been extensively damaged by the cunning and skilful flying of Kopaz Squadron. The Krelathan often wondered what became of the Guardian Learman, one who was a worthy adversary, and whom he anticipated meeting in combat again.
He was gazing idly out of the main viewing window at Rhader Three, which was the third system the Empire had conquered within the Ladorran Quadrant. The Gallant was stationary in high orbit waiting for something to happen. There had not yet been any attempted attacks on either of the two established bases, but the sorcerer knew it would happen very soon.
The installations were on full alert, and four squadrons of Zilon starfighters were patrolling the area. Two of those squadrons had been fitted with ion cannons to disable any incoming ships. Pakrowask was confident they would capture the rogue Guardian before he could inflict any damage.
“Captain Andross, we have detected an MC6 Yacht entering the system, but the pilot refuses to acknowledge our communications.”
“Order the fighters to intercept, making it clear that they are to disable the ship. I want the pilot alive,” said the Captain.
The Imperial fighters were closing in fast, but before they were in firing range, the yacht disappeared.
The systems operator on board the Gallant was taken by surprise. “Captain, the ship has disappeared from our sensors,” he said nervously.
Andross turned to face the officer frowning. “What?” he bellowed.
“It just vanished, Sir.”
“Impossible!” Andross appeared beside the sensor station to check the readout. “What was its last known trajectory?”
“The ship was on a direct course for the planet. If it accelerated to lightspeed, it would not be able to avoid hitting the planet, Sir.”
“Keep the fighters on patrol and alert the garrison. Tell them to investigate any unusual occurrences such as explosions on the surface.” The Captain believed something suspicious was happening and strode across the bridge to speak with the Supreme Chancellor. He was feeling as nervous as the sensor operator.
Pakrowask heard every word and felt every emotion experienced by the crew. He smiled, but none saw it. He liked the men and women under his command to feel nervous because it stopped them becoming complacent, and always unsure of how he would react. It was another reason why he always appeared calm when others began to panic. The Captain was only a few paces away when the Krelathan spun around with an angry expression etched into his features. The Captain stopped in his tracks and started perspiring, unable to quell the fear rising inside.
“You’ve lost the ship Captain?” roared Pakrowask.
Andross was visibly shaking. “Y, yes my Lord. It vanished from the sensors.”
“So I heard. Intensify the search and deploy two more fighter squadrons. I want that ship found.” He then spun back around and resumed gazing at the planet. He smiled as he heard the Captain sigh in relief.
The tension on the bridge eased, but the crew remained cautious and nervous.
Pakrowask knew the Guardian was on the planet. He felt his presence the moment his ship entered the system, and it had not yet disappeared. ‘Clever, very clever,’ he thought. ‘So where are you? What are you planning, and why? Why is the death of two Guardians so important that you commit such devastation?’ There was something very strange about this Guardian, something that was not quite right. There appeared to be a familiarity in the presence, but the Krelathan was unable to pinpoint why. His inability to do so vexed him, which in turn made him even more curious.

Temalleus laughed as he saw the Imperial starfighters turn back toward their cruiser. Their presence was of little consequence, as were the patrol formations they resumed afterward. The mental and physical effort required for maintaining the magical force around his ship, which effectively cloaked it from sensors and sight was extremely high. It was, however, well within his capabilities.
He maintained the cloak until he reached the planet’s surface. After hiding the ship, Temalleus relaxed, and took a few moments to recuperate and refocus in preparation for his next action. He felt good, strong, and ready for whatever might face him in the forthcoming confrontation.
When he approached the primary Imperial garrison, Temalleus used his magical power to fool everyone into believing he was an Imperial officer. He managed to enter the base without arousing suspicion. The base was on full alert, so once he was inside, he used his magic to mask his presence, allowing only those necessary see him. He then sought out the commander’s office.
The sorcerer burst in and was confronted by an angry looking man who immediately stood up. He was about to protest at Temalleus’s entrance when his throat became constricted, choking off his voice. The sorcerer laughed as he struck the Imperial officer with a magical force that threw him back into his chair, which then slid across the floor and hit the wall behind. Using his magic to hold the officer firmly in the chair, Temalleus interrogated him.
Secured and silenced, the sorcerer probed his mind. This officer knew more of what Temalleus was searching for. It had been the Empress’s command to terminate the lives of the two Guardians, but now he knew two Imperial governors were responsible for carrying out the task. Temalleus knew the two governors were trained sorcerers. Fortunately, he also found out that the name of one of those sorcerers was Portucan. It was a name Temalleus would not forget.
Satisfied there was no other information relevant to his search, Temalleus manipulated the Imperial officer into contacting the battle cruiser, hoping to discover the location of the Empress’s command ship. Good fortune was with him. The Empress was on board the Vindicator, the Hendara Ultimar Cruiser that was orbiting the planet of Cassendra, which happened to be in the Cassen system, and was the next system he intended to visit.
The sorcerer looked at the restrained Imperial. He was an older man with greying hair and moustache bearing the rank of General, which surprised him. Few generals took command of a military installation, garrison, or forward staging post unless it was the primary installation with many satellite bases within its sphere of responsibility.
Temalleus wondered how long the officer would remain in command after the forthcoming destruction he was about to unleash upon the base, that is if the man survived to tell of what happened. Temalleus decided to save the man the trouble of an inquiry, and probable court martial.
With a sinister laugh, he hurled the Imperial officer across the room. The man died instantly from a broken neck. He would not face the wrath of his Empress, which was a bonus, as far as Temalleus was concerned. With another laugh, Temalleus returned to the courtyard. There were Imperial soldiers milling about, with many more on the walls and watch towers watching and waiting for something to happen. None of them cared for the single man who walked out of the main building and stopped at the centre of the courtyard.
Temalleus stood on the small raised concrete platform and raised his arms slowly. A sinister smile formed on his face at the thought of the coming destruction. Taking a calming breath, he focussed his mind, drew on his full capabilities and power, and unleashed it upon the unsuspecting Imperials. The intensity of the lightning was phenomenal. Everything it hit was destroyed and every individual killed instantly. Men either burst into flames or were thrown from the walls and watch towers, burning and screaming as they fell. Concrete shattered, walls crumbled and weapons exploded.
The sorcerer showed no regard for anyone, who they were, or where they came from. They were the enemy, the servants of the Hebradon Empire. As far as Temalleus was concerned, they were as guilty for the conquests of systems and the deaths of many innocent people as the Empress by mere association.
The Sorcerer that possessed Grogaan had overpowered his every moral thought and intent. Every Imperial soldier was a threat and would be killed regardless of what they had or had not done, even if they were citizens from the worlds within the Fazaal sector. It did not matter. It was of no consequence. Both the Empress and the Empire had to die, and the death of that Empire had commenced.
The lightning continued to wreak havoc and destruction all around. Not one wall was left standing, not one person was left alive, and not one vehicle was left intact. Temalleus dropped his arms down by his side, his fingers tingling and burning from the intensity of the lightning. The pain was insignificant and would disappear soon enough, and the physical damage to his fingers would soon heal. He looked around at the devastation, nodded and smiled with satisfaction. His power was increasing, as was the intensity of the lightning.
The smell of burnt flesh, concrete dust and burning machinery filled the air. Temalleus took a deep calming breath, unaffected by the smell or the smoke. He strolled casually to where the installation’s main gate once stood. Using his magic to move the rubble aside and make a pathway through it, he returned to his ship satisfied and in good cheer.
The sorcerer was another step closer to his goal.
As the yacht accelerated to lightspeed, Temalleus recalled the three visions his host had experienced. He smiled and then laughed loudly at the irony of it all: The Guardian Learman had foreseen his own possession and destruction. As Temalleus became stronger, Grogaan’s spirit diminished proportionally. Eventually, his power would destroy the spirit of his host completely.
The first two dreams had come to pass. The Guardian Ellarna Rayshon was, he believed, killed in the explosion. The installations had been destroyed by the power of magical lightning, just as the visions had shown. Now the third was imminent, that much he was sure of. It was the showdown, the duel, the start of his climb to power, wealth and domination. There was nothing that could stop him now, not even Grogaan whose consciousness had been suppressed so much he no longer had any influence on Temalleus.
Temalleus’s aim was to destroy all those who stood in his way, those from his past life, and those that would dare challenge him in the days to come. That also included those who had carried out the evil deed of killing the Guardian Ellarna Rayshon. Grogaan’s desire for retribution over her death was so strong Temalleus was unable to suppress it. It became the primary driving force behind his actions, and nothing he could do would, or could change that, not even his ever-increasing power.
The Hebradon Empire’s ruler was doomed, and it would happen soon. Temalleus would take her place and finish what she had started, but without the compassion that had been shown to so many worlds. Yes, it had been beneficial in allowing the Empire to sweep across the quadrant with a speed beyond belief, but now the impossible had been achieved it was time for change. Temalleus’s rule would be far worse than that of Janus. All would fear the name of Temalleus Feringita, Megrein Sorcerer and Emperor of the Galaxy. He laughed again, a sinister and evil laugh that sent more reverberations through the astral realm.





Chapter Thirty

Beraston Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Ellarna spent her time meditating hoping to sense Grogaan’s presence. It was hard to remain positive and hopeful, but she sensed a prompting from the astral realm telling her to keep going. She had to press on regardless because the prophecy had yet to be fulfilled. Despite trying hard, her doubts lingered.
When Ellarna reached the Glaxtorron System, she immediately felt something serious had happened. Closing her eyes for a few moments, she sensed the underlying residue caused by the use of magic, but there was more to it. There was an essence of evil mixed within, the distinct aura that was prevalent from the use dark magic. Ellarna knew her companion had been in the system, but she was unable to determine if he was still on the planet.
Maintaining her focus and drawing on her magic, Ellarna allowed its influence to guide her hands over the controls of the ship. Passing through the atmosphere she headed toward the equatorial regions and the destroyed Imperial garrison. She was unprepared for the scene of devastation that lay before her as she reached the ruins. Even Ellarna knew that such destruction could only be inflicted by a major military assault.
As she examined the surrounding area she saw no signs of conflict, and no evidence of heavy vehicles or soldiers having approached the installation. Ellarna wondered how such destruction was meted out if not by military means. With no other obvious explanation, she knew her companion had something to do with it, and yet wondered how a single man would have been able to cause such chaos.
There was no doubt in her mind that Temalleus had been a very strong sorcerer before taking possession of her fiancé. Now he wielded the power of two wizards, she dared not think what his intent was, or what he was capable of. Ellarna was even less inclined to consider what he might do to achieve his aims after seeing the destruction of the installation, let alone what it might do to Grogaan. A single tear trickled down her right cheek.
As Ellarna surveyed the ruins from her ship, she felt another prompting from the astral realm. It was a warning that danger was imminent and she knew she had to leave. The sensible course of action was to leave without delay, but she needed to be sure Grogaan was no longer on the planet. After a few moments meditating she knew he had left, but not where he was heading.
With a sad sigh, Ellarna turned the ship and accelerated toward space. She checked the star charts and decided to try the Shekron system. It was the next closest system, and contained only one inhabitable planet, Shankart. With the course plotted, she accelerated to lightspeed and tried to relax.
With nothing else to do, Ellarna was unable to stop thinking about her fiancé, his actions, and his fate. She began speculating just how much he might have changed, and how much influence the sorcerer Temalleus had over him. Was he too strong for Grogaan to fight against, to resist his dominance, and to influence his actions? She hoped he was strong enough to prevent the sorcerer from committing more heinous acts of violence, but after seeing the chaos he had meted out on Glaxtor, she knew it was highly unlikely.
She shook her head in resignation and sighed despondently. The young woman wondered if Grogaan would ever again be the same man that she loved so much. Was it possible for the essence of the sorcerer Temalleus to be destroyed without killing Grogaan as well? Would she ever find out?
Even if it was possible, she wondered if Grogaan would retain some characteristics or traits of the sorcerer. Would he feel and act as he did prior to being possessed? Would he be able to love her the way he had? Would he be the same strong, caring, and jovial man she once knew? Would he retain his powers or the skills that made him so unique? All these questions circulated within her mind over and over preventing her from relaxing, from thinking clearly, and from remaining hopeful that she would find him alive.
Feeling utterly despondent, she lifted her legs, placed her feet on the edge of the chair, wrapped her arms around them and rested her head on her knees. The thought of losing the one man she had only ever loved caused Ellarna so much heartache she began to cry. She sat without moving until the ship reached the Shekron System. Only then did she wipe her face dry and prepare herself for whatever she might find.
The moment her ship entered the system, Imperial starfighters picked up her ship’s identification. When she failed to acknowledge transmission, they engaged in pursuit. It was only her Guardian skills that saved her from the fighters. Accelerating to full sub-lightspeed and managing to reach the planet well ahead of her pursuers, Ellarna used the natural terrain to her advantage. She lost them momentarily among the hills, giving her sufficient time to find a safe spot to land, and then hide long enough for them to give up the search.
Believing it safe to venture out, Ellarna stowed the sensor and camouflage nets, took off and headed for the Imperial base. She flew as low as possible while constantly monitoring the sensors and on arrival, was greeted with a scene that was far worse than she had seen on Glaxtor. It was horrendous and distressing.
After meditating and searching with her magic, she felt no indication of Grogaan’s presence on the planet. There was, however, the same essence of evil mixed in with the residue of magic. It made the hairs on her neck crawl. She shivered uncontrollably and Ellarna became even more disillusioned.
When she sensed another warning, Ellarna accelerated to full speed and headed for space. Just as she did, the same starfighters that had pursued her earlier appeared from the north. She broke through the atmosphere and made the transition to lightspeed just as they opened fire. It was too close for comfort.
With the warning coming so soon after arriving at the destroyed base, Ellarna had not yet had time to consider her next destination, so she travelled at lightspeed for five minutes before making two course changes. First, she set a course toward Glaxtor, and then one that would take her toward the Rhaderon System. Scanning the star charts again to see what systems were nearby, Ellarna decided to remain on her current course. After making her decision, and for some unknown reason, she felt uncomfortable about it.
She brushed the feeling aside and turned her attention to what she had seen so far. The scenes of devastation on both planets, and the sight of burnt smouldering corpses turned her stomach, making her feel extremely nauseous. ‘How could anyone kill so needlessly?’ she asked aloud. It was beyond her comprehension. What made it worse was the fact that she knew for sure that it was her possessed fiancé committing these heinous deeds.
As she tried to forget the scenes of carnage, Ellarna’s thoughts drifted to the sorcerer Temalleus. She wondered how evil he had been when he lived, what terrible deeds he had committed, and how many beings had suffered at his hands. She thought of those who had lived in the complex on Hiastora Two, the ones who had extracted the sorcerer’s spirit and planned to transfer it into their own citizens. The very thought made her shiver and feel even more nauseous.
She began to wonder if, whoever they were, really intended to transfer Temalleus’s spirit into one of their citizens, or had they deceived him and never intended to complete the task. What puzzled her was the fate of those people. Who were they and where did they go? She knew it was not important, so she brushed the thoughts aside and began thinking of her fiancé.
She knew the twelve hours advantage he had on her was now shorter by at least three to four, accounting for how long it would have taken to destroy two large installations. Even so, her hopes for finding her companion in a redeemable state were diminishing minute by minute.
It was only her deep-rooted love for him that kept any glimmer of hope alive in her heart, and the desire to find him, even if it were only to find his lifeless body. At least then he would be free from the possessing power of Temalleus, and the anguish she thought he would be feeling at his spirit being pushed aside and gradually destroyed.
Ellarna knew she would be heartbroken beyond imagination and destined to go through life without the one she loved more than life itself. Even the thought of it caused intense pain, so she tried to avoid letting it linger. It was far from easy, and she failed, more often than she did not.
Five minutes after her last change of course, a brief respite from her degenerating thoughts occurred. The feeling of discomfort she experienced about travelling tout Rhader Three returned. As she allowed her magic to permeate her mind, the more she felt it was unnecessary. She let her mind drift into the astral realm and let its influence guide her thoughts. The image of her fiancé’s third vision came to mind. It slowly cleared until she saw the two sorcerers facing each other with surprising clarity.
What surprised her the most was not the condition of her fiancé, but who the other sorcerer appeared to be. At first, she was convinced she was not seeing correctly, but the image rotated and showed the face more clearly. It was the face of a woman. Ellarna did not recognise her, nor did she recognise her attire. The woman wore a dark maroon jumpsuit, black boots, and a dark maroon hooded cloak with the hood down. She was unable to see any markings, symbols, or insignia on her clothing, so Ellarna remained puzzled and curious about the woman’s identity.
Grogaan had a sinister look in his eyes, and an appearance of delight at the confrontation with the other sorcerer. Although he looked like her fiancé, the man she saw was not him. That was evident in the way he looked, stood and acted. Ellarna was shocked and devastated.
She knew it was not Grogaan’s fault, but then wondered if it was. It was his decision and actions that directly caused a chain reaction resulting in the current circumstances. Had he not ventured into the complex on Hiastora Two, and because of that smashed the two gems, he would not have been possessed by the sorcerer Temalleus. Then it would have been Grogaan who rescued her from the ruins, assisted in her healing, and she would not be chasing him across two sectors of space constantly wondering and worrying if he was still alive.
Ellarna felt very guilty and wretched for thinking this way and scolded herself harshly. She hated herself for thinking such unkind thoughts even though they were basically true. How could he, they, have known what was going to happen on Hiastora Two and on Da’Aranb?
She knew she would find the same level of devastation on Rhader Three as on the previous planets, and that her beloved would not be there. It would be time wasted, precious time in which she might reduce the time gap between her and her fiancé.
Checking her star charts again, Ellarna noticed the closest system was Cassen, and it would take approximately four hours to reach. By travelling direct to Cassen instead of going via Rhaderon, she could save at least at least four hours. Without further deliberation, she altered course and then tried to relax.
Ellarna prepared herself for the worst, having seen the vision and her understanding of what was to happen. Even so, she knew however much she mentally prepared herself for what condition she might find Grogaan in, she knew the pain and grief she would experience at finding him would be too much for her to bear.





Chapter Thirty-One

Cassendra, Cassen System, Solkar Sector, Ladorran Quadrant

Empress Treyanna Hefrask boarded the landing craft feeling very confident. She was accompanied by her two chosen disciples and six squads of Eloran Commandos. She knew her sister was concerned and disappointed with her, believing she was making an error of judgement in confronting the rogue Guardian. Despite her sister’s reservations, Treyanna was convinced this confrontation would be a chance to increase their power, their presence, and achieve an even greater success in their conquests. She had received no warning or hint of danger from the astral realm, and so believed all would be well.
Her sister had a bad feeling about what was going to happen. She tried to dissuade Treyanna from her venture, but her sister would not heed the warnings and dismissed her worries. This was the first time this had happened, and Roweyna was becoming very anxious, thinking that her sister was about to make her second error of judgement, something they had been endeavouring to avoid at all costs. Her first error had been attacking Mabraant. Roweyna knew this was true despite her sister denying it.
She left the hangar bay just before the shuttle took off, feeling disappointed and insignificant. Returning to her quarters, the younger sister decided to meditate and monitor her sister’s actions.
Their close bond both in physical and mental attributes allowed them to share far more than most siblings, so Roweyna was able to sense what her sister was thinking, her feelings and her intents. She also believed her senses were more tuned into her sibling than Treyanna’s were with her. Even so, it was not enough to influence Treyanna sufficiently. All Roweyna hoped was that she was wrong, and not her sister.
Both Cassendra and Casrena had a population of about one billion souls, mostly human with some smaller groups of other advanced and developed species that settled on the planets. Being far from the centre of rule, the population were indifferent to the Republican Government and the administration, preferring to remain free from any entanglements. This was one of the few planets in the sectors occupied by Emperor Belack that had not been forced into becoming part of the Belocian Empire. They had been some of the fortunate ones.
Treyanna had different ideas of this system. Along with the other systems she had drawn into her Empire, Cassendra and Casrena would become major staging posts for the full conquest of the Ladorran Republic. This was one of her reasons for deciding to confront this rogue Guardian on Cassendra, to persuade him to join them or be killed. It was far from Republican influence, and far from anyone that might attempt to assist the Guardian in his destructive campaign.
As soon as they had landed, Treyanna ordered the commandos to disperse among the undergrowth and rock outcrops that were dotted about the area, and to keep out of sight. Then, with the aid of her two disciples, she would mask their presence from the one who was about to come and fulfil their destiny. It was one that would either make him great, and serve alongside Treyanna, or become dust to be scattered by the winds.
She hoped he would become a willing companion, to be at her side, to serve with her, and to be her lover. She had seen him in her visions and found him handsome, admired him, and knew without doubt he was the one she wanted. She sensed something about him that stirred her feelings of desire and lust, and she longed to unleash that upon him. There was also something about him that caused her great concern, but that was of no consequence to her at this moment. She would eradicate it soon enough, or so she thought.
The three sorcerers stood in the open and waited patiently for him to arrive. Treyanna was very confident in their combined abilities, but her overconfidence prevented her from correctly assessing how powerful the man really was. While she waited, she mentally called out to the Guardian, hoping to guide him to the clearing and his fate.

The warning buzzers sounded the moment Temalleus’s ship entered the system. The Vindicator was in high orbit on his starboard side, and several squadrons of starfighters were patrolling the area. He was unconcerned about their presence, but he was surprised when none of them altered course to pursue him or make contact. The cruiser remained an ominous presence as if waiting to pounce on an unsuspecting prey. Temalleus wondered what was going on. Why had he not received communication? Why had the fighters ignored him?
He assumed it was because they were expecting him, this being the last planet under the Empire’s dominion in the quadrant. The sorcerer then heard the subtle sound of a female voice calling him in his mind. He smiled. He was expected after all, and by the Empress herself. She was calling to him, beckoning him to her, and he sensed she was using a seductive and pleasing voice to entice him.
Temalleus relaxed and as he drew on his magic, allowing it to permeate his mind and body, he was able to sense her thoughts, her desires, and her intent. He was delighted when he learnt of her desire for him, that she wanted him at her side to share in her power, to be her equal, and to be her lover. As he sensed this last thought, the memory of a dream Temalleus’s host had while on Breolis Seven, came to him.
In that vision he saw the Empress ruling the Gaashox Quadrant with an iron fist, sweeping across the Ladorran Quadrant unopposed, and there at her side was Grogaan. Although in this vision he was more than a lover, he was her husband and more disturbingly, her puppet, but he was not unhappy. On the contrary, the Grogaan of the vision was delighted. He was a willing puppet and passionate lover.
Even so, the sorcerer knew the Guardian of the vision was not as he was for real. He was not possessed by a powerful sorcerer. Temalleus was not weak as he considered his host to be. No, the sorcerer Temalleus Feringita was destined to rule with a woman at his side, his concubine, one who was not a powerful sorceress, and one who would not have dominion or influence over him. She would be subject to his whims and desires, and who could be discarded as and when he pleased.
The sorcerer’s essence was finally fully integrated and absorbed into every fibre of Grogaan’s body. The host’s spirit and consciousness were condensed and pushed into the far reaches of the mind, his presence and influence completely subdued and locked away. The sorcerer knew that the host’s spirit would die within the next few days, and then the body would begin to change to reflect that of the possessor. Temalleus laughed. He was alive after more than a century of slumber, and he was now ready to continue what he had begun all that time ago.
The new body he possessed was strong, and so full of energy. Now he felt more alive and invigorated than he had ever done before the power of the dark magic began to eat away at his body. Temalleus was one of those sorcerers who had never mastered the art of self-regeneration. It was in fact an art that few wizards and sorcerers of the current millennia were able to master, unlike those in the age before the Guardians rose from the ashes following the demise of the Teragon Knights. The sorcerer was not going to allow it to happen this time.

Cassendra was predominately a mountainous planet with only a few moderately sized oceans. Most cities and towns were situated in the lower valleys where access to the oceans was easier, and where the land was more fertile for crops and for rearing livestock. Deep within the mountain ranges there were numerous large plateaus, some of which had small settlements scattered across them.
It was to one of those large plateaus that Temalleus sensed the astral realm was guiding him. On reaching the plateau, he searched for a suitable place to land, somewhere he would be able to hide his ship from any vessel passing through the area. He flew over some woodland situated at the base of the cliff face, and then found a large clearing located between the two.
Temalleus covered the ship with sensor and camouflage nets, and then ensured it was securely locked and sealed before setting off on foot to confront the one he knew was waiting for him. He carried only the powersword that belonged to his host, having decided to leave his preferred weapon in the ship. He did not know why, but he felt it was appropriate.
Temalleus was delighted at the prospect of meeting this other sorcerer, discovering exactly what she was hoping to achieve, and in confounding her plans. He started drawing on his magic as he walked along, allowing it to empower every fibre of his being in preparation for what was about to happen. A sinister smile formed as he considered his next course of action, and then laughed. The sorcerer had never felt so strong, so powerful and so deadly. He had already proved how devastating his magic was when manipulated and delivered in the form of lightning, and he now wondered what more he was capable of.
Both sorcerers sensed each other’s presence quite clearly, but Treyanna was the one who was surprised by the power evident in her adversary. It took Temalleus about ten minutes to reach the clearing in which three sorcerers waited patiently. They were in no rush to undertake their task and were anticipating the forthcoming confrontation.
When Temalleus caught sight of the three people who were waiting for him, he smiled. He knew he would soon have his revenge, or more accurately, his host’s revenge, which he used to fuel his strength and power. Retribution was about to be meted out. The instigator of Ellarna’s murder would be dead, and then Temalleus would be able to concentrate on his own ambitions.
The sorcerer stopped several metres away, and the two faced each other for several minutes without speaking. Temalleus assessed the strengths and weaknesses of those who stood before him. How much power they wielded, how adept they were at using it, and if they were planning anything deceitful. He sensed the Empress was very powerful, but the two disciples were flawed.
They knew their Mistress was very strong and adept, but they were amazed at the intensity of power they felt emanating from the stranger. Both disciples were curious, and yet the silence was making them anxious.
Treyanna felt their emotions and reassured them that all would be well. She returned her gaze toward the stranger before her. “So, you are the one who has been destroying my installations, are you not?”
Temalleus remained silent a while longer, testing her patience, and kept his gaze fixed firmly on her. He was surprised at the control the Empress had over her emotions, which was so unusual for a sorcerer who dabbled in dark magic. He wondered how long that control would last once their power was unleashed, as it was already failing in her disciples. Their anger was rising like a raging river, and with it, the intent to act contrary to their Mistress’s command.
Treyanna also felt her disciples’ growing anger but did not attempt to quench it. She wanted it to fester, to be used if appropriate.
“Is it of any consequence?” asked Temalleus.
His response stirred more deep feelings in the two disciples, and they were finding it extremely difficult to contain their emotions. This delighted Temalleus. His ploy was working. He wanted to enrage the inexperienced ones to the point where they would act in haste, and without sufficient control to keep them focussed and deadly.
“I suppose it might be of little consequence depending on what you intend to do next,” said Treyanna.
The Empress’s comment was met with silence and a stern glare. The sorcerer made her wait even longer for an answer this time. He decided it was time to seek the answer to his question.
Her answer was as he expected, her words spoken without remorse. Treyanna looked carefully at the expression of the sorcerer. Although it remained neutral, she sensed the deep resentment and anger emanating from him. Never had she felt such intense rage within another being, especially a human. There was also something else, a powerful hunger for vengeance, one that was permeating the essence of his being.
Treyanna wondered if those Guardians had been friends of his. His passion for them indicated such, but it was clouded, and she was unable to understand or determine why. The Empress began to feel just how powerful this sorcerer was, and how dangerous. She even thought her sister had been correct, and this confrontation was an error of judgement. It was too late now; too late to back out, too late to change what was about to happen. Treyanna only hoped something good would come from this situation, something that would benefit her Empire.
Then she sensed the same feeling as she had done before. It was as if there were two sorcerers close together, but there was only one standing before her. ‘Could this be right? The power of two sorcerers combined in one body?’ she mused and then dismissed it as impossible. “I now believe that order was a grave mistake on my part.”
Temalleus glared at the Empress. He sensed she only thought it was an error in her judgement because she now knew it jeopardised her plans of conquest. It was a serious oversight by her, one that would prove to be a very costly one.
Treyanna heard her opponent’s thoughts and knew she had failed. It was time to tempt him, to entice him, to convince him of his need to join with her. First, she had to discover what his relationship to the Guardians was. “Tell me sorcerer, who are you and why are you concerned about two dead Guardians?”
“So, you don’t know? I am Temalleus Feringita of Hadros, Megrein Sorcerer and ruler of the Hadrosiro. The body you see was not mine, but it is now. It was the body of Grogaan Learman, one whom you’ve heard of. He was the commander of Kopaz Squadron, and one of the two Guardians you sought to murder.”
Treyanna Hefrask looked aghast. “You are the one who has been a thorn in my flesh, an irritation that caused so much damage and loss to my forces?” There was no mistaking the anger in her voice.
“The body belonged to him, but now it belongs to me, Temalleus. I have possessed him, and soon his spirit will be destroyed. It is as you desired. You had Rayshon murdered but failed with Learman. I have done that for you. What do you have in mind Empress Hefrask? You have not come all this way just to enquire who I am, nor why I seek vengeance for the death of two Guardians.”
“I have had many visions, Temalleus, visions that include you. I saw a future that places you at my side, one in which we rule the largest and most powerful Empire this galaxy has ever known.”
“Visions are not the future set in stone. They are but visions of what might come to pass. A single word or action can change the future, and that future has already changed with me possessing and killing Guardian Learman.”
“So it has, but it hasn’t changed the path we can tread together, Temalleus. I see us united as Emperor and Empress. Nobody will be able to defeat us.”
There was passion in her voice, passion in her words, and passion in her heart. Temalleus sensed it, felt it, and saw that future. He was at her side, but not as equals. It was as he saw previously, where he was her lover, her husband, but he was for all intents and purposes only her puppet.
Together they might indeed be so strong that no other opponent was going to be strong enough or powerful enough to defeat them, but was this what Temalleus really wanted? In one way it was exactly what he was looking to achieve, but with him as the leading power and her at his side. It was tempting, very tempting, and the sorcerer was close to accepting. Despite the temptation and benefits such a union would bring, he was unable to denounce the intense hunger within that drove him to seek retribution over the death of Ellarna Rayshon.
Regardless of how hard he tried, that desire had been etched so firmly in the heart and mind of his host, that it was now a permanent hindrance to his progress. He knew it was not going to disappear until it had been fulfilled. As he continued considering Treyanna’s offer, knowing how desperate she was for him to accept, he wondered if the opportunity to despise of her at some time in the future would be possible. It was, but what if she had the same idea?
Temalleus turned his thoughts to the third vision his host had experienced, and as he did, the images formed in his mind. He saw two sorcerers standing motionless and facing each other, and assumed they were talking, as he had just been doing for real.
Then without warning, blue lightning streaked across from one to the other causing intense pain and suffering. Both sorcerers reeled backward as the first arc of energy hit. The sight of this part of the image delighted Temalleus. Both sorcerers in the image weakened gradually as the fight continued. One of them died, but the image was shrouded in mist, and then it ended abruptly before it was made clear who the victor was. That was when his host had awoken.
Temalleus wondered which of them was going to instigate the future he had seen, and if it would end as it did in the vision. Who would be on the receiving end of the first bolt of lightning? Who would be the first to feel the pain and suffering caused as the power pierced flesh and spirit? The sorcerer continued watching the Empress while determining how many troops were hiding in the thickets and rock outcrops nearby.
She had hidden them exceptionally well, but Temalleus’s power broke through her magical barrier. He estimated there were at least fifty, and that they were Eloran Commandos, the best the Empire had. They were waiting for their Empress to give them the order to either attack or return to the ship.
When Temalleus failed to respond to her answer, Treyanna assumed that he was seriously considering her offer, and maybe he could be drawn into service for the Empire after all. “You hesitate in answering, Temalleus. There is, I assure you, no treachery in my offer. You will be at my side, equal in power and position. I have seen it clearly, and I have seen your desires, your ambition. We stand to lose too much if we refuse to unite. We cannot stand alone, but together we can rule like no other in history.”
The sorcerer remained silent.
Treyanna could feel the man’s anger which was strong and overpowering. She was amazed at his excellent self-control, keeping that anger restrained, a beast that was caged to prevent it pouncing uncontrollably. It felt as if he was waiting for just the right moment to release it, thus allowing the full force of that rage to impact on whatever or whoever was in its path.
“I can feel your resentment over the loss of your fiancée,” she said and paused to think a moment. “We do not need to end this here and now.”
Temalleus still remained silent. It did not matter what she was offering, it was not going to satisfy the hunger for retribution, which was too strong for even the most powerful sorcerer to quench.
The Empress saw no change in the sorcerer’s expression, and she was now beginning to wonder what she could offer that might appease him. “I will offer you the lives of those who executed the plan for killing of your fiancée. You must know that when conquering another world, lives are lost, and decisions must be taken to smooth our path to power. Vengeance is for the weak minded, Temalleus, for those who cannot rise above the loss, for those who cannot use events to bring their ambitions to fruition.”
Temalleus was sorely tempted. He understood what she was saying, wanted to believe there was sincerity and genuine intent in her words, but was unable to quench what was in his heart. It festered deep inside, growing in intensity and permeating every fibre of his being. He had allowed it to grow, yearned for it to grow, and now realised he might very well have made an error in his decision.
His ambition together with Grogaan’s hunger for vengeance had clouded his mind. Now, regardless of how much he wanted it, he was unable to give it up. It was as if his soul demanded it, and he knew he would not be able to achieve anything else until it was fulfilled.
For a moment, he wondered if killing the ones who committed the murder would satiate that need. Would the Empress truly allow him to kill one of her disciples, and one of her strongest? He doubted it, despite what she had led him to believe.
Once again, he was wrong in his assumption. Treyanna Hefrask would do anything to secure the continued expansion of her Empire, even if it meant the death of one of her disciples.
Santarg and Pendrett gazed in shock at their Mistress for daring to offer the lives of trusted disciples, even if it was to satisfy the needs of a powerful sorcerer. Their patience was at breaking point, but they would not act unless ordered to do so.
“Time is running out, Temalleus. We cannot wait here all day while you consider what is best. Accept my offer and become my Emperor for it will not remain open indefinitely. You will not regret it.”
“It is indeed a good offer, too good. One cannot just accept it without considering the implications,” he replied. He was purposefully stalling with the intent of increasing the impatience and anger within the two disciples. The Empress possessed considerable self-control. She was very strong, both mentally and in magic. Temalleus was impressed, but it was not enough to save her.
Temalleus let his focus become influenced by his magic, allowing the astral realm to guide his thoughts on what the future would hold. He would be the cause of considerable pain and suffering for millions, both human and non-human, which would last for a lifetime, although that lifetime would be cut very short for many. He saw destruction and devastation mirroring what had occurred at the hand of Janus Belack, and then much worse was unleashed. The Empire spanned not only the Gaashox and Ladorran Quadrants, but those of the Yeasson and the Kelpari.
There were no records of any individuals having travelled beyond the perimeters of the four mapped quadrants, so nobody really knew if anything existed beyond them. This was of little consequence to the sorcerer. Four quadrants would be a great enough challenge for an Empire to reign. His dream was unattainable, but he did not know it. He did not even consider it. No Empire could become powerful enough to control such vast areas with such diverse species and cultures.
The pain and suffering he witnessed in the vision was in the future, and so he was unconcerned about that which was to be experienced now. He knew the future he saw was his future without Treyanna at his side. She played no part in it, and so he concluded her time of power was coming to an end. The first destined to suffer were the soldiers, the two disciples, and then the Empress. The fact that he would incur pain beyond anything he had endured or imagined was inconsequential.
‘So be it,’ he thought. “There is nothing you can offer me. Nothing will satisfy the hunger for retribution, not even the lives of those you offer. Now, you will pay dearly for the crimes you have committed against my people and my friends.”
Treyanna’s confidence was shattered, and she knew her hopes had been unfounded. How foolish she had been to let her ambition cloud her judgement. A feeling of regret surfaced in her heart; regret for not having listened to her sister and her wise counsel. The Empress knew there was no longer any hope of convincing this sorcerer to join the Empire, but he would pay for his interference.
“You are making a serious error of judgement to reject my offer Temalleus. We have so much in common, and we are such a good match. Despite what future you may see in your visions, none of it will come to pass unless we unite.”
Temalleus laughed. “Maybe so Treyanna, maybe so, but you must know in your heart that it cannot be so. We are too alike in our ambitions, and that would create dissention and mistrust.”
Treyanna had sensed what the sorcerer had been thinking and even agreed with some of it. The future she had seen was somewhat different, but it had the same results. She saw a compromise and dared suggest it, hoping to give her a little time to catch the sorcerer off guard, if such a thing was possible. “I’m disappointed in you, Temalleus. However, I offer you an alternative. We conquer the galaxy and split it between us. Neither of us will be able to rule the whole effectively.” She felt him consciously consider it as a possibility, but then sensed the stubborn stupidity that lay within, just as it did in so many arrogant and power hungry male rulers.
She gave a small signal known only to the commander of the Eloran Commandos and almost immediately, they sprang from their hiding places and opened fire. Laser blasts flew across the clearing and hit the sorcerer with surprising accuracy and regularity, but he did not fall.
Temalleus had been readying himself for unleashing the full force of his pent-up fury before he noticed the almost undetectable signal. He simultaneously sensed the intent of the Empress, and then the soldiers as they sprang into action. He unlocked the gate holding back his fury and lifted his arms simultaneously. Intense blue lightning shot from his fingertips, which he directed at the attacking commandos.
The sorcerer laughed as he absorbed the power of the laser blasts, channelling it through his body, and then transferring it into and amplifying the lightning energy. The soldiers fell one after another, either erupting in flames or exploding from its power. Soldier after soldier attacked and was promptly killed. None of them were safe from the onslaught of his magical lightning.
The Empress and her two disciples were shocked at the ferocity of the sorcerer’s attack. They raised their arms as they drew on their magic. Blue lightning flew from their fingertips and struck their enemy. They hoped he would be unable to absorb so much energy and die in intolerable agony.
Shrubs, trees and plants burst into flames, rocks exploded, and tiny pieces of stone flew out in every direction like tiny projectiles piercing everything they hit. Even Temalleus was not impervious to them, but he felt nothing. The sheer might of magical power he was channelling forced the shards out of his flesh and began healing the small injuries.
The seconds ticked by and Temalleus absorbed the energy with little effect to his body or his power. He channelled it back out in the lightning as if he was merely a conduit. After several minutes every soldier had been killed. The air was filled with the foul stench of burning bodies and plant life. Temalleus felt himself becoming even stronger, and it felt as if his body was expanding to accommodate the sheer intensity of power available.
It was invigorating and overwhelming.
Temalleus laughed and tilted his head back as he did so. He was enrapt by the confrontation and the experience. He then focussed his full rage on the two disciples and smiled as he forced his power out. The lightning crackled all over their bodies, encompassing them and penetrated their flesh. They were unable to absorb the intensity of the energy that struck them. As Temalleus sensed one of them weakening, he intensified the attack until the man fell to the ground twitching. Moments later, the body burst into flames.
Angered at the death of her disciple, Treyanna drew on the full might of her magic. She then channelled everything she had into her lightning and directed the full intensity of it at the sorcerer. As she focussed on her magic, she discovered how to channel some of the energy from the sorcerer’s lightning back into her own. It was not long before the second disciple collapsed to the ground. The volume of energy he had absorbed was so great that his body began burning from the inside as well the outside.
Treyanna could no longer control her anger, lost the desire to control it, and released all her pent-up emotions: Grief, rage, hatred and frustration. She recalled the anger she felt when her father had been found battered and left for dead; the way her mother treated her and her sister; the treachery she uncovered among some of those who served her Imperial Governors. She thought of her lack of trust in her sister, the lack of acknowledgement of her sister’s abilities, for her own arrogance and for not heeding her sister’s advice.
Her thoughts and memories fuelled her anger. It became more intense and focussed, which in turn fuelled her intent to kill the sorcerer who dared oppose her. As her resentment and grief increased, energised by her magic, the lightning battle intensified. The air became highly charged causing their skin to tingle, hair to stand on end and bodies quiver.
The intensity continued to increase, and the lightning began to rebound off their bodies that were no longer able to absorb its energy. The power of their magic devastated the entire area, and even the earth became scorched. The two sorcerers continued to duel with neither buckling under the strain.

Meanwhile, Ellarna arrived in the Cassen System on the opposite side of Cassendra to where the Vindicator was holding orbit. She reached the planet’s surface long before the Imperials were able to divert their starfighters to her location. She skimmed the planet’s surface as close as she dared, trusting in her senses and guiding influence of her magic.
Ellarna knew Grogaan was still on the planet the moment she entered the system and headed in the direction she sensed his presence. She felt the disturbance in the realm, and that there were several people suffering intense pain. Easing back on the throttle, she followed a canyon for several minutes, and the sense of disturbance grew making it easy for her to follow.
There was a large plateau ahead with woodland to her left, which was an ideal place to hide her ship. Ellarna located a small clearing near to the cliff, eased the ship in among the trees, and then quickly covered it with the sensor and camouflage nets. As she turned around, something shimmering between the trees caught her attention.
Curious at the unusual sight, Ellarna walked cautiously toward it and nearly tripped up as her foot caught in the bottom of a camouflage net. Slowly lifting it, she saw something that delighted her. Tucked away underneath was the Ellarna Star. While tidying the bottom of the sensor nets, she noticed a large cave hidden behind several trees.
On examining the entrance, she estimated it was wide enough for the ships to fit through, and then had an idea. She entered the cave, explored the interior, and was delighted to find it was large enough to accommodate both yachts. Ellarna uprooted several trees that blocked access to the cave, and then un-pegged the sensor and camouflage nets of both ships.
Relaxing and calming her mind and thoughts, Ellarna drew upon her power and tried to lift and move them into the cave, using the ships’ headlights to illuminate the cave’s interior. It was a difficult task for her to undertake, but she managed it. She doubted anyone would be able to fly them out, unless of course they were a Guardian. She laughed knowing that her fiancé would probably be able to do it without hesitation or difficulty.
Hanging the sensor and camouflage nets over the cave entrance, Ellarna used some small metal pins to fasten them to the rock to hold them in place. She then replaced the trees and tried to make it appear as if they had never been moved. Satisfied with her handiwork, Ellarna finally set off to search for her companion.
The disturbance she felt in the astral realm was quite profound. There was no doubt in her mind which way she was to go. After the initial hopes she had felt on discovering Grogaan’s ship, the overwhelming sense of evil power causing the disturbance gave her reason for deep concern. Even though she was still able to feel Grogaan’s presence, it was extremely weak and growing weaker all the time. Ellarna began to panic and feared the worst, but she refused to give up hope.

The battle between Empress Treyanna Hefrask and sorcerer Temalleus Feringita continued relentlessly. The lightning emanating from their fingertips grew with ever increasing intensity, causing both to shake from the force of its impact. The lightning crackled all over them as their bodies filled with electrical charge.
Instead of adversely affecting Temalleus, the electrical charge stimulated his senses. His awareness of the power that was available to those who knew the secrets of the astral realm, and how to tap into it increased. The sorcerer felt his power growing continually. His physical strength was also increasing, but it was the magical force of the dark realm that strengthened him. It was a power that would cause untold damage to his body unless he mastered the art of self-healing the Empress had discovered.
It was clearly evident that she was not being affected to the same extent as he was. Her face still looked young and healthy, but his, he knew was deteriorating. He now wondered if he was as strong as he thought. As he looked at her, he knew the final outcome would be decided not by magical power, but by who was the most physically robust and more capable of preventing the damage inflicted upon them.
For a few more heartbeats, it appeared as if Treyanna would be the one, but then it all changed. It was sudden and was nothing the sorcerer did. He did not understand how or why. Nor did he detect the presence of someone approaching.
Temalleus sensed the Empress was becoming anxious, and so tried to intensify his attack even more. Drawing on every ounce of his strength, he targeted her with all the power he could muster in one last attempt to break her resolve. He knew it was the moment that would decide if he was to succeed or fail.
The pain the Empress was experiencing began to increase, and she found it increasingly harder to conceal it. Temalleus knew he was finally gaining the advantage, and he felt a grim satisfaction knowing that his adversary was suffering so intensely. His pain touched his senses in a way he had not experienced before. It increased the sensitivity of his nervous system, strengthened it, hardened it, and allowed him to tolerate more pain than even he considered possible. He believed the tide was turning in his favour.
It was not.
The sorcerer smiled and laughed, but it was unheard, drowned out by the deafening sound of the lightning. He glanced down at his hands and saw they had become blackened, burnt and blistered, and showed signs of extreme ageing. He began to think that all was not well and consciously tried to draw even more power from the realm. He tried to repair the damage, but in doing so, his focus was split and so he stopped, not wanting to give his opponent any advantage.
Treyanna was becoming anxious. When the onslaught first commenced, she remained confident and hopeful that with her two disciples, they would be able to subdue and kill the sorcerer quickly and easily. Then the two died within minutes of each other. Now she was one-on-one, she was unable to comprehend how her opponent was remaining so strong, and apparently impervious to the effects of the lightning.
She was weakening too rapidly and knew if the fight did not stop soon she would not survive. A single tear formed in the corner of her eye but was instantly vaporised. A sense of sadness and regret welled up inside. She had done exactly what she had promised she would not do: Underestimate her enemy. She had failed to learn from the mistakes of those who had failed in times gone by.
Several more minutes passed and Temalleus felt his entire body begin ageing. ‘No,’ he screamed silently. ‘It cannot be?’ He had drawn too much power and instead of helping him, it began to destroy him. His muscles started losing bulk and weakened. His joints started to stiffen and swell causing severe aching throughout his body. As the fight continued the pain intensified to levels unimaginable. Temalleus could even feel his body shrinking, slowly hunching as if it was ageing far beyond the normal life span of a human.
Treyanna stumbled under the force of the intensified lighting attack and fell to the ground, her knees crunching on the hardened surface, her face contorting in agony. She tried to stand, but her legs were unable to hold her weight, so she remained kneeling and attempted to continue the fight. She now felt the ageing process accelerate quickly, and even her great skills in the art of healing could not slow it, or prevent it. Her life essence was being destroyed and the cells of her body were deteriorating, burning, dissolving.
With her body weakening and her power diminishing, Treyanna understood that she was about to pay the ultimate price for her arrogance, and she knew it was arrogance that led her to this. She also knew her sister was right to have suggested they consolidate their position and rule on the Gaashox Quadrant. Only then should they have even considered encroaching on the Ladorran Quadrant. ‘I am truly sorry, my dear Roweyna,’ she said, her voice filled with regret. She knew she had failed her sister, failed her disciples, and all those that trusted her. ‘I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me.’
Temalleus knew his own power had reached its peak and was now diminishing as his body aged rapidly. It was being consumed by the very power he used to kill others. He felt the heat burning his flesh causing blisters to form all over. He knew it was his arrogance, confidence and blind stubborn ambition that brought him to this painful end.
He had completely underestimated the power of the Empress. She felt so weak compared to him, but he should have realised. When a Megrein sorcerer wields the power from the dark realm without restraint, that power becomes too great for anyone to withstand for long. For a fraction of a second, he sensed regret emanating from the subconscious essence of his host, whose spirit had not yet died. That regret permeated into the mind of Temalleus, and the sorcerer realised he too had made an error of judgement, that error being his refusal to accept the Empress’s offer. Had he done so, they would be alive and planning the conquest of the Ladorran Republic together. Instead, they were dying horribly and painfully.
That moment of regret impacted on the influence Temalleus had on Grogaan’s conscience and began to wane. This allowed Grogaan’s own consciousness to break through to the surface. It was unable to have much affect or influence over the way his body was being used by Temalleus, but it was enough to help weaken Temalleus’s grip. Grogaan knew he did not have long to live, not after the savage onslaught his body had suffered.
There was no way he would be able to survive the injuries inflicted on his body, but he had two pleasing thoughts: Firstly, Temalleus’s reign would end as his body died, his light would be extinguished from life for all eternity; secondly, he believed he had achieved what he had set out to do. He had fulfilled his destiny. Retribution had been meted out and the Hebradon Empire would crumble. It might take many years to finally end the reign of that Empire, but it would happen. Of that he had no doubt.
Empress Treyanna Hefrask knew her end was imminent, much sooner than she had ever imagined. She felt the life force dissipating from her body. Her soul was preparing to depart for eternity. Lowering her arms, she saluted the sorcerer that had become the victor. Then she slumped to the floor face down in the charred blackened earth of Cassendra. Treyanna’s body smouldered for a few moments and then burst into flames. It was consumed as if nature itself wanted to be rid of any evidence of the woman’s existence.
Her death sent reverberations through the astral realm, a shock wave that was felt by many wizards and sorcerers around the galaxy. Most of them did not know what they were sensing, nor did they truly care, because an essence of peace followed in its aftershock. It was a sign that something evil had been terminated.

Ellarna felt the sheer strength of magical power in the air as she approached the area where the two sorcerers fought. It made her skin tingle and sent a shudder down her spine. The volume of the lightning crackling was so loud it hurt her ears making them ache, and she knew instantly the fight had not ended. Her fiancé was still alive and hope remained. She marvelled at the sheer intensity of the lightning and wondered how anyone was able to withstand such power.
She dared not get too close in fear of what might happen to her if she did.  Fortunately, there was a large outcrop not too far from the scene, behind which she crouched down and tried to see what was going on. Despite the brightness of the lightning that practically obscured the duellists, Ellarna was just able to see two people facing each other, and eventually discerned between them. Grogaan had his back to her, and for a moment, his opponent’s face was lit up by the lightning. She saw it was a woman, and then realised it was the Empress.
The vision and the prophecy Grogaan had told her about were coming to pass, but she was puzzled by the reference to the Storm Conjurer in the prophecy. She wondered if this indicated a lightning storm such as was being created in front of her, but as she considered the rest of the prophecy, felt assured that this was not the case. Ellarna knew without doubt that peace would not come quickly to the Gaashox Quadrant even if the Empress was to die here and now, not with such a vast fleet still under the rule of the other sister.
Brushing the thoughts from her mind, Ellarna returned her attention to the duel being fought. The battle scene horrified her. She had never seen or even heard of anything that could be compared to what she was witnessing. Rocks exploded in front of her very eyes, trees and shrubs, what few were left erupted in flames and were obliterated in seconds. The entire area had been scorched.
The sense of evil was strong in the air, as were the negative emotions: Anger, fear, hatred, and burgeoning above the rest, a burning desire for retribution. She focussed her mind and let her own magic fill her being, hoping to reduce the impact they were having on her. The onslaught of dark magic was overwhelming, and coupled with the power of those raw emotions, threatened to engulf her and break her resistance.
Ellarna drew on her power, created a barrier to protect her from the dark magic, and as it solidified, her sensitivity to the astral realm increased. She was then able to see beyond the physical dimension and into the spiritual, which allowed her to sense the motivation behind the desire for retribution; it was to avenge the death of a beloved companion. Ellarna then understood who was being avenged and by whom. Grogaan believed her dead, killed in the explosion on Da’Aranb, and it was he that was meting out vengeance upon the Empress for her death.
If only he knew the truth. If only she could make him aware she was alive.
Sensing her fiancé was also beginning to weaken, Ellarna drew on her magic and attempted to strengthen him by adding her power to his. When she unleashed it with every ounce of her strength, she was totally unprepared for the beckoning influence of the dark realm. The temptation that presented itself to her and the pleasure and power it would bring was almost too overwhelming for her to resist. She felt the darkness creeping toward her, tempting and seducing her to use her aggression in assisting her companion.
Ellarna closed her eyes and refocused her attention on what was good, what was right and what was just. She fought hard against the temptation, the seductive draw of the dark realm, and concentrated on remaining calm and peaceful. She opened her eyes and watched and hoped that her companion would survive.
She saw the Empress fall to her knees, weakened and in great pain. The electrical charge in the air increased, and at the same time she noticed the lightning was turning a deeper shade of blue. It made her feel extremely uncomfortable and nervous, fearing that at any moment the lightning might strike the rock behind which she was hiding.
Ellarna continued watching as the woman saluted her conqueror, and then fell face down on the ground. A wave of nausea swept over her when she saw the body burst into flames. She felt a wave of power wash over her and a sense of peace permeating throughout the area.

Unable to control the power flowing through his body, the lightning continued to emanate from the sorcerer’s fingertips destroying everything it hit. Grogaan, whose essence and spirit was now gaining a stronger foothold, felt as if he was centuries old. It also felt as if his body was ablaze, his flesh burning, but he no longer felt any pain, just complete exhaustion.
There was a bright flash in his eyes, a moment of sharp intense pain, and it felt as if he was himself once more. The presence of the one who had possessed him had vanished, and so too did the very essence of his life. The spirit of Temalleus Feringita was destroyed. A wave of relief washed over Grogaan, and a sense of deep peace and tranquillity flooded into his mind, but then darkness engulfed him.
The sorcerer’s duel was over.
The victorious Guardian fell to the floor and laid perfectly still, his clothes smouldering and threatening to burst into flames. An ice-cold wind blew across the area, thick black rain clouds that had been gathering to the south passed overhead, and a heavy shower of rain soaked the area. The rain, the clouds and the wind passed as quickly as they had arrived, and the water that had fallen evaporated with astonishing speed. All flames and smouldering embers had been extinguished.
Both Treyanna and Temalleus had finally learnt the one lesson wizards had taught to their disciples thousands of years ago as part of their training: To draw upon the power of magic without restraint will not only destroy that which one aims to destroy, but also the one who inflicts that destruction.

Despite still feeling nauseas, Ellarna stepped out from behind the rock while keeping a careful watch on her companion. She wondered how badly he had been injured. Lightning still flowed from his fingertips consuming everything it hit, but the sense of evil and dark magic had disappeared. A sense of peace filled her mind.
Walking tentatively toward Grogaan, her gaze moved over the scene and recalled the scenes on the other planets. She was amazed mere mortals could cause so much devastation and feared what could be done if more sorcerers acted together in such a manner.
Ellarna became distraught as she saw her fiancé fall to the ground and lie motionless. Grief overwhelmed her as she realised that she could sense no life within him. Stopping beside him, she looked down through tear filled eyes. ‘My love, you have paid the ultimate price for revenge, for satisfying the need for retribution, and it has taken you away from me forever,’ she mumbled, her words choked by her despair.
Her grief increased to levels she thought impossible, her restraint broke and she began to cry uncontrollably. She knelt, rolled him onto his back, and lifted his head onto her lap. When Ellarna saw his face, the sight of it made her retch. He was almost unrecognisable. His face was burnt, blistered and charred. She was barely able to look at his damaged body, preferring to remember the handsome man that she admired so much.
She gently lifted his head up from her lap and cradled it against her chest. While she did so, rocking gently from side to side, the grief and heartache over his death intensified to the point where she could hardly breathe. Her heart felt as if it was being rent in two. She had never comprehended how some believed one could die from a broken heart, but now she was experiencing it, she understood. She could feel her own life ebbing away as the grief ate into her soul, tearing her apart from the inside. She did not want to be alone, to spend the rest of her life without the one she loved more than life itself.
What she was experiencing revealed so much about human emotion and the frailty of life. Ellarna’s pain and grief was so intense, it dulled her senses and prevented her from sensing that her fiancé was still alive.
She kept her gaze skyward as if pleading with the forces of nature to do something, but she held little hope. The tears continued to flow, dripping from her wet face onto Grogaan’s. The tears evaporated quickly on the hot skin, but it had a soothing effect on him that Ellarna was completely unaware of. There was a feeling of restlessness in the air, a tremor in the astral realm that sent a shiver through her body from her toes to her head and to her fingertips.
At first, she thought it was the way of life, what happened when a Guardian’s soul wandered into the realm and was absorbed by its essence. Then she felt a strange sense of power, a life -force. It soaked into her body and she felt the heartache diminish. The feeling that her heart was about to burst ebbed away, and her inner strength returned.
Ellarna wondered if she was imagining it, and this was how dying felt for a Guardian. Was this the effect when the spirit left the body and traversed the astral realm, being empowered and restored for the afterlife or for rebirth? She opened her eyes and realised she was still alive, and Grogaan was lying in her arms. She shuddered and sensed a glimmer of life in the one with whom she had shared so much happiness. Ellarna realised that the love of her life was still alive, but he was hanging on only by a thread, but it was a thread strengthened by magic and was unbreakable.
She scarcely dared hope as she wondered if he would survive just long enough for them to look into each other’s eyes one last time; long enough for her to say how much she loved him; long enough for her to say goodbye. She waited, not realising that this confrontation was only the beginning. Grogaan had fulfilled only part of the prophecy. Regardless of whatever successes the Empire achieved in the coming days, its fate was sealed.
Destiny had not yet finished with Grogaan Learman.






###

I would like to thank you for purchasing and reading this book. If you enjoyed it, please consider taking a little time to share your thoughts by leaving feedback on your retailer’s website, or rating it on Goodreads. Your opinion is important both to me and to other readers


Books by W. H. Cann

Science Fiction
The Guardians Series
Book 1: Path to Vengeance
Book 2: Sorcerer’s Duel
Book 3: A Guardian Reborn
Book 4: Storm Conjurer
Book 5: Grand Master

Other Fiction
Island of Heartache
Lady Arabella

More information on these and future books can be found at www.whcann.wordpress.com
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please visit my website




